--- Page 1 ---
Base Prospectus dated 19 July 2022 
 
 
MMB SCF 
(société de crédit foncier duly licensed as a French specialised credit institution) 
€10,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
for the issue of obligations foncières 
Under the Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the "Programme") described in this base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus"), MMB SCF (the "Issuer"), 
subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, may from time to time issue obligations foncières (the "Notes"), benefiting from the 
statutory priority right of payment (privilège) created by Article L.513-11 of the French Code monétaire et financier (the "French Monetary and Financial 
Code"), as more fully described herein. 
The aggregate nominal amount of all Notes outstanding under the Programme will not at any time exceed €10,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other 
currency as at the date of determination of the financial conditions of any Notes). 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Autorité des marchés financiers (the "AMF") in its capacity as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council dated 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public or 
admitted to trading on a regulated market, as amended (the "Prospectus Regulation"). The AMF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards 
of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of either 
the Issuer or the quality of the Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus and investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing 
in the Notes. 
Application may be made to Euronext Paris for Notes issued under the Programme for the period of twelve (12) months after the date of the approval granted 
by the AMF on the Base Prospectus to be admitted to trading on Euronext Paris. The Notes issued under the Programme may also be unlisted or listed and/or 
admitted to trading on any other stock exchange, including any other Regulated Market (as defined below) and/or offered to the public pursuant to a non-exempt 
offer in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation in any member state of the European Economic Area ("EEA"). Euronext Paris is a regulated market for the 
purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council dated 15 May 2014 on markets in financial instruments, as amended ("MiFID 
II"), appearing on the list of regulated markets issued by the European Securities and Markets Authority (each, a "Regulated Market"). The relevant final terms 
(the "Final Terms") (as defined in section entitled "Terms and Conditions of the Notes") in respect of the issue of any Notes will specify whether or not such 
Notes will be listed and/or admitted to trading and/or offered to the public pursuant to a non-exempt offer in a member state of the EEA and, if so, the relevant 
market and/or jurisdiction. 
This Base Prospectus shall be valid for admission to trading of Notes on a Regulated Market and/or the offering of Notes to the public pursuant to a non-exempt 
offer in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation until 19 July 2023, provided that it is completed by any supplement, pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus 
Regulation, following the occurrence of a significant new factor, a material mistake or a material inaccuracy relating to the information included (or incorporated 
by reference) in this Base Prospectus which may affect the assessment of an investment in the Notes. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the 
event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
Notes may be issued either in dematerialised form ("Dematerialised Notes") or in materialised form ("Materialised Notes") as more fully described herein. 
Dematerialised Notes will at all times be in book-entry form in compliance with Articles L.211-3 et seq. and R.211-1 et seq. of the French Monetary and Financial 
Code. No physical documents of title will be issued in respect of the Dematerialised Notes.  
Dematerialised Notes may, at the option of the Issuer, be (i) in bearer form (au porteur) inscribed as from the issue date in the books of Euroclear France (acting 
as central depositary) which shall credit the accounts of the Account Holders (as defined in section entitled "Terms and Conditions of the Notes - Form, 
Denomination, Title and Method of Issue") including Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and the depositary bank for Clearstream Banking, S.A. 
("Clearstream"), or (ii) in registered form (au nominatif) and, in such latter case, at the option of the relevant Noteholder (as defined in section entitled "Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes - Definitions"), in either fully registered form (au nominatif pur), in which case they will be inscribed in an account maintained by 
the Issuer or by a registration agent (appointed in the relevant Final Terms) for the Issuer, or in administered registered form (au nominatif administré) in which 
case they will be inscribed in the accounts of the Account Holders designated by the relevant Noteholder.  
Materialised Notes will be in bearer form only and may only be issued outside France. A temporary global certificate in bearer form without interest coupons 
attached (a "Temporary Global Certificate") will initially be issued in relation to Materialised Notes. Such Temporary Global Certificate will subsequently be 
exchanged for definitive Materialised Notes with, where applicable, coupons for interest or talons attached (the "Definitive Materialised Notes"), on or after a 
date expected to be on or about the fortieth (40th) calendar day after the issue date of the Notes (subject to postponement as described in section entitled 
"Temporary Global Certificates in respect of Materialised Notes") upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership as more fully described herein. 
Temporary Global Certificates will (a) in the case of a Tranche (as defined in section entitled "Terms and Conditions of the Notes - Form, Denomination, Title 
and Method of Issue") intended to be cleared through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, be deposited on the issue date with a common depositary for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, and (b) in the case of a Tranche intended to be cleared through a clearing system other than or in addition to Euroclear and/or Clearstream or 
delivered outside a clearing system, be deposited as agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) (as defined below). 
Notes issued under the Programme are expected to be rated AAA by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P"). The credit rating of the Notes will be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, S&P is established in the European Union, registered under Regulation (EC) no. 
1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of the Council dated 16 September 2009 on credit rating agencies, as amended (the "CRA Regulation") and included 
in the list published on the European Securities and Markets Authority's website (https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk) in 
accordance with the CRA Regulation. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, change or 
withdrawal by the assigning rating agency, at any time and without prior notice. 
Notes to be issued under the Programme are intended to benefit from the "European Covered Bond (Premium)" label created by decree-law (ordonnance) No. 
2021-858 dated 30 June 2021 transposing Directive (EU) 2019/2162 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 November 2019 on the issue of covered 
bonds and covered bond public supervision and amending Directives 2009/65/EC and 2014/59/EU (except for Notes which are assimilated to and under the 
same legal regime as Notes issued under the EMTN Previous Conditions (as defined in section entitled "Documents Incorporated by Reference")), subject to 
prior approval and supervision of the French Banking Authority (Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution). However, no representation is made or 
assurance given that any Notes issued under the Programme will remain allowed to use the "European Covered Bond (Premium)" label until their maturity. 
Whether the Notes are intended to benefit, benefit or do not benefit from the "European Covered Bond (Premium)" label will be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
This Base Prospectus, any supplements thereto (if any) and, so long as Notes are admitted to trading on any Regulated Market and/or offered to the public 
pursuant to a non-exempt offer in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, the Final Terms relating to such Notes will be published on the websites of My 
Money Bank (www.mymoneybank.com/en/organization/investor-reports) and of the AMF (www.amf-france.org). 
See section entitled "Risk Factors" for certain information relevant to an investment in the Notes to be issued under the Programme. 
ARRANGER AND PERMANENT DEALER 
BNP PARIBAS

--- Page 2 ---
2 
 
This Base Prospectus (together with any supplement thereto that may be published from time to time) 
constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation and contains or 
incorporates by reference the necessary information which is material to an investor for making an 
informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, profits and losses, financial position, and prospects of the 
Issuer, the rights attaching to the Notes and the reasons for the issuance and its impact on the Issuer. The 
terms and conditions applicable to each Tranche (as defined in section entitled "General Description of the 
Programme") not contained herein (including, without limitation, the aggregate nominal amount, issue 
price, redemption price thereof, and interest, if any, payable thereunder) will be determined by the Issuer 
and the relevant dealer(s) (the "Dealer(s)") at the time of the issue and will be set out in the relevant Final 
Terms. References to the Dealers are to the Permanent Dealers and all persons appointed as a dealer in 
respect of one (1) or more tranches of Notes.  
This Base Prospectus is to be read and construed in conjunction with (i) any document and/or information 
which is incorporated herein by reference (see section entitled "Documents incorporated by reference"), (ii) 
any supplement thereto that may be published from time to time, together with any document incorporated 
by reference therein and (iii) in relation to any Tranche of Notes, the relevant Final Terms. 
This Base Prospectus (together with any supplement thereto that may be published from time to time) may 
only be used for the purposes for which it has been published. 
No person is or has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other than those 
contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus in connection with the issue or sale of the 
Notes and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been 
authorised by the Issuer, the arranger (the "Arranger") or any of the Dealers. Neither the delivery of this 
Base Prospectus nor any sale made in connection herewith shall, under any circumstances, create any 
implication that there has been no change in the affairs of the Issuer since the date hereof or the date upon 
which this Base Prospectus has been most recently supplemented or that there has been no adverse change 
in the financial position of the Issuer since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has 
been most recently supplemented or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme 
is correct as of any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in 
the document containing the same.  
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted by law in certain 
jurisdictions. The Issuer, the Arranger and the Dealers do not represent that this Base Prospectus may be 
lawfully distributed, or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable 
registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available 
thereunder, or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular, no 
action has been taken by the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers which is intended to permit a public 
offering of any Notes or distribution of this Base Prospectus in any jurisdiction where action for that 
purpose is required. Accordingly, no Note may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this 
Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material may be distributed or published in any 
jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and 
regulations. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Notes may come are required by the 
Issuer, the Arranger and the Dealers to inform themselves of, and to observe any such restrictions on the 
distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering and sale of Notes. In particular, there are restrictions 
on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes in the United States of America, 
the EEA (including France, Italy and Belgium) or the United Kingdom (see section entitled "Subscription 
and Sale"). 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended (the "Securities Act") or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction 
of the United States of America and, subject to certain exceptions, may not be offered or sold within the 
United States of America or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons as defined in Regulation S 
under the Securities Act ("Regulation S"). The Notes may include Materialised Notes in bearer form that 
are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, the Notes may not be offered or sold 
or, in the case of Materialised Notes in bearer form, delivered within the United States of America or, in the 
case of certain Materialised Notes in bearer form, to, or for the account or benefit of, United States persons 
as defined in the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. The Notes are being offered and sold 
outside the United States of America to non-U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation S.  
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer, the 
Arranger or the Dealer(s) to subscribe for, or purchase, any Notes.  
The Arranger and the Dealers have not separately verified the information contained or incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus. Neither the Arranger nor any of the Dealers makes any representation,

--- Page 3 ---
3 
 
express or implied, or accepts any responsibility, with respect to the accuracy or completeness of any of the 
information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. None of the Arranger and the 
Dealers make any representation or warranty or give any assurance that any Notes to be issued under the 
Programme will actually remain allowed to use the "European Covered Bond (Premium)" label until their 
maturity. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme (including any information incorporated by reference herein) is intended to provide the basis 
of any credit or other evaluation and should be considered as a recommendation by any of the Issuer, the 
Arranger or the Dealers that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other financial statements should 
purchase the Notes. Each potential investor in Notes should determine for itself the relevance of the 
information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus and its purchase of Notes should 
be based upon such investigation as it deems necessary. Neither the Arranger nor any of the Dealers 
undertake to review the financial or general condition of the Issuer during the life of the arrangements 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus nor to advise any investor or potential investor in the Notes of any 
information that may come to the attention of any of the Dealers or the Arranger. 
The Notes should only be purchased by qualified investors who are able to assess the specific risks implied 
by an investment in the Notes, or who act on the advice of financial institutions. 
Prospective investors should make their own independent evaluations of all investment considerations and 
should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
Each potential investor in the Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own 
circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should: 
(i) 
be (or be advised by) financial institutions or other professional investors who have sufficient 
knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits and risks of 
investing in the relevant Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement to this Base Prospectus and the relevant Final Terms;  
(ii) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial condition, an investment in the relevant Notes and the impact the relevant Notes 
will have on its overall investment portfolio;  
(iii) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, 
including where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the potential 
investor's currency; 
(iv) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the relevant Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any 
relevant rates and financial markets;  
(v) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for 
economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the 
applicable risks;  
(vi) 
consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent (i) Notes are legal investments for 
it, (ii) Note can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing and (iii) other restrictions apply 
to its purchase or pledge of any Note. Financial institutions should consult their legal advisers or the 
appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Note under any applicable risk-
based capital or similar rules. Neither the Issuer, the Permanent Dealers nor any of their respective 
affiliates has or assumes responsibility for (i) the lawfulness of the subscription or acquisition of the 
Note by a prospective investor, whether under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or the 
jurisdiction in which it operates (if different) or (ii) compliance by that prospective investor with any 
law, regulation or regulatory policy applicable to it; and 
(vii) 
ensure that, in terms of any legislation or regulatory regime applicable to such investor, it complies 
with existing restrictions (if any) on its ability to invest in Notes generally and in any particular type 
of Notes. 
Some Notes are complex financial instruments. Sophisticated institutional investors generally do not 
purchase complex financial instruments as stand-alone investments. They purchase complex financial 
instruments as a way to reduce risk or enhance yield with an understood, measured and appropriate 
addition of risk to their overall portfolios. A potential investor should not invest in Notes which are complex 
financial instruments unless it has the expertise (either alone or with a financial adviser) to evaluate how 
the Notes will perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value of the Notes and the 
impact this investment will have on such potential investor's overall investment portfolio.

--- Page 4 ---
4 
 
Potential purchasers and sellers of the Notes should be aware that they may be required to pay taxes or 
other documentary charges or duties in accordance with the laws and practices of the jurisdiction where 
the Notes are transferred or other jurisdictions, including the jurisdiction of the investor and the relevant 
Issuer's jurisdiction of incorporation, or in accordance with any applicable double tax treaty, which may 
have an impact on the income received from the Notes. In some jurisdictions, no official statements of the 
tax authorities or court decisions may be available for financial notes such as the Notes. Potential investors 
are advised to ask for their own tax adviser's advice on their individual taxation with respect to the 
subscription, acquisition, disposal, sale and redemption of the Notes. Only these advisors are in a position 
to duly consider the specific situation of the potential investor.  
A number of member states of the European Union are currently negotiating to introduce a financial 
transactions tax ("FTT") in the scope of which transactions in the Notes may fall. If the proposed directive 
is adopted and implemented in local legislation, Noteholders may be exposed to increased transaction costs 
with respect to financial transactions carried out with respect to the Notes and the liquidity of the market 
for the Notes may be diminished. Prospective investors should consult their own tax advisers in relation to 
the consequences of the FTT associated with subscribing, purchasing, holding and disposing the Notes. 
The credit ratings to be assigned to the Notes by S&P take into account the loan receivables, the related 
security, the properties, the structure of the Notes, the financial situation of My Money Bank (as borrower) 
and other relevant structural features of the transaction and the laws and regulations applicable to sociétés 
de crédit foncier, and reflect only the views of S&P. The credit ratings to be assigned by S&P reflect the 
likelihood of full and timely payment of interest and/or principal due on the relevant series on each relevant 
payment date, final maturity date (or the relevant extended final maturity date, as the case may be). 
There is no assurance that any such credit ratings will continue for any period of time or that they will not 
be reviewed, revised, suspended or withdrawn entirely by S&P as a result of changes in or unavailability of 
information or if, in the judgment of S&P, circumstances so warrant.  
A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities. Any adverse change in the applicable 
credit rating could adversely affect the trading price of the Notes. 
PRIIPS REGULATION - PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms 
in respect of any Notes include a legend entitled "Prohibition of sales to EEA retail investors", the Notes 
are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97 (EU) of the European Parliament and of the Council 
dated 20 January 2016 on insurance distribution, as amended (the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of 
MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently, no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council dated 26 November 2014 on key information documents for packaged retail and insurance-based 
investment products (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the 
PRIIPs Regulation. 
UK PRIIPS REGULATION – PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final 
Terms in respect of any Notes include a legend entitled "Prohibition of sales to UK retail investors", the 
Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (the "UK"). For these purposes, a 
retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 
of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "EUWA"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the 
provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the "FSMA") and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) 
No 600/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 on markets in financial 
instruments as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Consequently no key information document required by the PRIIPs Regulation as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or

--- Page 5 ---
5 
 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under 
the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes 
will include a legend entitled "MiFID II Product Governance" which will outline the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in item 18 of the 
Guidelines published by the European Securities and Markets Authority on 5 February 2018 and which 
channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a "distributor" as defined in MiFID II) should take into consideration the target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID product 
governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "MiFID Product Governance Rules"), any 
Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer as defined in MiFID II in respect of such Notes, but 
otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer 
for the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes 
may include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR product governance" which will outline the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in item 18 of the 
Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 2018 (in accordance with the FCA's policy statement entitled 
"Brexit our approach to EU non-legislative materials") and which channels for distribution of the Notes are 
appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should 
take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook 
Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") 
is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting 
or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, 
but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules.

--- Page 6 ---
6 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Page 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ....................................................... 7 
RISK FACTORS .................................................................................................................... 13 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO NON-EXEMPT OFFERS ................. 30 
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS ................................................................ 32 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ...................................................... 33 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ................................................................. 35 
TEMPORARY GLOBAL CERTIFICATES IN RESPECT OF MATERIALISED 
NOTES .................................................................................................................................... 63 
USE OF PROCEEDS ............................................................................................................. 64 
MAIN FEATURES OF THE LEGISLATION AND REGULATIONS RELATING TO 
SOCIÉTÉS DE CRÉDIT FONCIER ..................................................................................... 65 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER ....................................................................................... 73 
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS ............................................................................................... 83 
MATERIAL CONTRACTS .................................................................................................. 84 
RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN MMB SCF AND MY MONEY BANK ............................. 85 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 1 ................................................................................................ 87 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 2 .............................................................................................. 103 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ............................................................................................. 124 
GENERAL INFORMATION .............................................................................................. 129 
PERSON RESPONSIBLE FOR THE INFORMATION GIVEN IN THE BASE 
PROSPECTUS ..................................................................................................................... 133 
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS .......................................................................................... 135

--- Page 7 ---
7 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following general description of the Programme does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is 
qualified in its entirety by the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of 
any particular Tranche of Notes, the relevant Final Terms. The Notes will be issued on such terms as shall be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) and will be subject to the Conditions set out in this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the relevant Final Terms.  
This general description constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25.1(b) of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 of 14 March 2019, as amended. It does not, and is not intended 
to, constitute a summary of this Base Prospectus within the meaning of Article 7 of the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 
of the European Parliament and of the Council dated 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when 
securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, as amended, or any implementing 
regulation thereof. 
Words and expressions defined in the section entitled "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" below shall have the 
same meanings in this general description. 
Issuer: 
MMB SCF, limited liability company (société anonyme) incorporated under 
French law and a société de crédit foncier duly licensed as a French 
specialised credit institution (établissement de crédit spécialisé) by the 
French Banking Authority (Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution) 
and the European Central Bank on 20 August 2018. 
Legal 
Entity 
Identifier 
("LEI"): 
 
969500901GY8ZCBR6Y85 
Arranger: 
BNP Paribas. 
Permanent Dealer: 
BNP Paribas. 
The Issuer may from time to time terminate the appointment of any Dealer 
under the Programme or appoint additional dealers either in respect of one 
(1) or more Tranches or in respect of the whole Programme. References in 
this Base Prospectus to "Permanent Dealers" are to the person referred to 
above as Dealer and to such additional persons that are appointed as dealers 
in respect of the whole Programme (and whose appointment has not been 
terminated) and references to "Dealers" are to the Permanent Dealer and all 
persons appointed as a dealer in respect of one (1) or more Tranches. 
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the "Programme") for the issue of 
French law obligations foncières (the "Notes") (as described herein). Under 
the Programme, the Issuer may, subject to compliance with all relevant laws, 
regulations and directives, from time to time, issue Notes the principal and 
interest of which benefit from the statutory priority right of payment 
(privilège) (the "Privilège") created by Article L.513-11 of the French 
Monetary and Financial Code (for further description, see section entitled 
"Main features of the legislation and regulations relating to sociétés de 
crédit foncier"). 
Programme Limit: 
Up to €10,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency as at the date 
of determination of the financial conditions of any Notes) aggregate nominal 
amount of Notes outstanding at any one time, or such other amount as may 
be agreed from time to time between the Issuer and the Permanent Dealer. 
Fiscal Agent, Paying Agent 
and Calculation Agent in 
respect of the Notes: 
 
 
BNP Paribas Securities Services. 
Risk Factors: 
There are certain factors which the Issuer believes are specific to the Issuer 
and/or the Notes and material for the purpose of assessing the market risk 
associated with the Notes and of which prospective investors should be 
aware. Such risks may alter the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under

--- Page 8 ---
8 
 
the Notes towards investors. These are set out under the section entitled 
"Risk Factors" of this Base Prospectus. 
Method of Issue: 
The Notes may be distributed on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis.  
Series and Tranches: 
The Notes will be issued in series (each a "Series") having one (1) or more 
issue date(s). The Notes of each Series will be interchangeable with all other 
Notes of that Series. 
Each Series of Notes may be issued in tranches (each a "Tranche") on the 
same or different issue date(s) and on terms identical to the terms of other 
Tranches of the same Series, save in respect of the issue date, issue price, 
first payment of interest and aggregate nominal amount of the Tranche. The 
specific terms of each Tranche of Notes will be determined by the Issuer and 
the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of the issue and will be set out in the final 
terms of such Tranche (the "Final Terms"). 
Maturities: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, the 
Notes may have any maturity as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
An extended Final Maturity Date may be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms of a Series of Notes in accordance with the Conditions, each such 
Notes being referred to as Notes with soft bullet maturity (the "Soft Bullet 
Notes"). 
Currencies 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, 
Notes may be issued in Euro, Sterling, U.S. Dollar, Yen, Swiss Francs and 
in any other currency (except for Renminbi) agreed between the Issuer and 
the relevant Dealer(s), as set out in the relevant Final Terms. Payments in 
respect of Notes may, subject to compliance with the aforesaid, be made in 
any currency other than the currency in which such Notes are denominated. 
Denomination(s): 
The Notes shall be issued in the Specified Denomination(s) set out in the 
relevant Final Terms.  
Notes having a maturity of less than one (1) year will, if the proceeds of the 
issue are accepted in the United Kingdom, constitute deposits for the 
purposes of the prohibition on accepting deposits contained in section 19 of 
the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 unless they are issued to a 
limited class of professional investors and have a denomination of at least 
£100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency at the date of the issue of 
such Notes). 
Dematerialised Notes shall be issued in one (1) denomination only. 
Status of the Notes: 
The Notes, and, where applicable, any related Coupons and Receipts will 
constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and, pursuant to the 
provisions relating to the Privilège described in Condition 4 (Privilège), 
privileged obligations of the Issuer and will rank pari passu without any 
preference among themselves and equally and rateably with all other present 
or future notes (including the Notes of all other Series) and other resources 
raised by the Issuer benefiting from the Privilège. The Notes are issued 
under, as applicable, articles L.513-2 to L.513-23 of the French Monetary 
and Financial Code. Pursuant to Article L.513-11 of the French Monetary 
and Financial Code, Noteholders benefit from a Privilège over all the assets 
and revenues of the Issuer (see sections entitled "Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes - Privilège" and "Main features of the legislation and regulations 
relating to sociétés de crédit foncier"). 
Negative Pledge: 
None. 
Events of Default: 
None. 
Redemption Amount: 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each Tranche will specify the final 
redemption amounts payable. 
Final Redemption: 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled or its maturity is 
extended as provided below pursuant to any Issuer's or Noteholders' option

--- Page 9 ---
9 
 
in accordance with the Conditions, each Note shall be finally redeemed on 
the Final Maturity Date specified in the relevant Final Terms (the "Final 
Maturity Date") at its final redemption amount (the "Final Redemption 
Amount") (which, unless otherwise provided, is its nominal amount) or, in 
the case of Notes falling within Condition 6(b), its final Instalment Amount. 
An extended Final Maturity Date may be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms with respect to the Soft Bullet Notes in accordance with the 
Conditions. 
Optional Redemption: 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each Tranche will state whether such 
Notes may be redeemed prior to their stated maturity at the option of the 
Issuer (either in whole or in part) and/or at the option of the Noteholders, 
and if so the terms applicable to such redemption among the options 
described in Condition 6 (Redemption, Purchase and Options). 
Redemption by Instalments: 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each Tranche that are redeemable in 
two (2) or more instalments will set out the dates on which, and the amounts 
in which, such Notes may be redeemed. 
Early Redemption: 
Except as provided in paragraph "Optional Redemption" above, Notes will 
be redeemable by the Issuer prior to their stated maturity only for illegality 
(as provided in Condition 6(g)). 
Withholding tax: 
All payments of principal, interest or other revenues in respect of the Notes 
shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, 
any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature 
imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or within France or any 
authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless such withholding or 
deduction is required by law. 
Each prospective holder or beneficial owner of Notes should consult its tax 
adviser as to the tax consequences of any investment in, or ownership and 
disposition of, the Notes. 
No gross-up obligation: 
If any law would require that payments of principal, interest and other 
revenues in respect of any present or future Note or any present or future 
Receipt or Coupon relating thereto, be subject to withholding or deduction 
in respect of any present or future taxes or duties whatsoever, the Issuer will 
not be required to pay any additional amounts in respect of any such 
withholding or deduction. 
Interest Periods and Interest 
Rates: 
 
The length of the interest periods for the Notes, the applicable interest rate 
and/or its method of calculation may differ from time to time or be constant 
for any Series. The Notes may have a maximum interest rate, a minimum 
interest rate or both. The use of interest accrual periods permits the Notes to 
bear interest at different rates in the same interest period. The relevant Final 
Terms will set out such information among the options and terms and 
conditions described in Condition 5 (Interest and other Calculations). 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable in arrear on the date or dates in each year 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest determined separately for each Series 
as follows: 
(a) 
on the same basis as the Floating Rate under a notional interest rate 
swap transaction in the relevant Specified Currency governed by an 
agreement incorporating the FBF Definitions, or 
(b) 
on the same basis as the Floating Rate under a notional interest rate 
swap transaction in the relevant Specified Currency governed by an 
agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by 
the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. ("ISDA") 
or the 2021 ISDA Definitions, as published by ISDA, as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, or

--- Page 10 ---
10 
 
(c) 
on the basis of a reference rate appearing on an agreed screen page of 
a commercial quotation service (including, without limitation, 
EURIBOR, €STR or EUR CMS), 
in each case plus or minus any applicable margin, if any, and calculated and 
payable as indicated in the relevant Final Terms. Floating Rate Notes may 
also have a maximum rate of interest, a minimum rate of interest or both. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the minimum rate of interest of the Notes shall 
not be, in any case, lower than zero. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes, 
Fixed/Fixed 
Rate 
Notes, 
Floating/Floating Rate Notes:  
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be converted from a Fixed Rate to a Floating 
Rate, or from a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate and Fixed/Fixed Rate Notes 
and Floating/Floating Rate Notes may be converted from a Fixed Rate to a 
different Fixed Rate or from a Floating Rate to a different Floating Rate, all 
on the date set out in the relevant Final Terms either by the election of the 
Issuer or automatically.  
Form of Notes: 
Notes may be issued in either dematerialised form ("Dematerialised 
Notes") or in materialised form ("Materialised Notes"). 
Dematerialised Notes may, at the option of the Issuer, be issued in bearer 
form (au porteur) or in registered form (au nominatif) and, in such latter 
case, at the option of the relevant Noteholder, in either fully registered form 
(au nominatif pur) or administered form (au nominatif administré). No 
physical documents of title will be issued in respect of Dematerialised Notes. 
Materialised Notes will be in bearer form (au porteur) only. A Temporary 
Global Certificate will initially be issued in respect of each Tranche of 
Materialised Notes. Materialised Notes may only be issued outside France. 
Representation of holders of 
Notes: 
 
Holders of Notes will, in respect of all Tranches in any Series, be grouped 
automatically for the defence of their common interests in a masse (in each 
case, the "Masse"), which will be governed by the provisions of 
Article L.228-46 et seq. of the French Commercial Code as amended or 
supplemented by Condition 10 (Representation of Noteholders). 
The Masse will be a separate legal entity and will act in part through a 
Representative and in part through Collective Decisions of the relevant 
Noteholders. 
Limited recourse, Non-
petition: 
As further described in Condition 12, the recourse of holders of Notes 
against the Issuer will be limited to the funds that are available to the Issuer 
at any relevant date and they will not be able to commence or to join any 
proceedings for the insolvency of the Issuer prior to the date which is 
eighteen (18) months and one (1) day after the earlier of (i) the Final 
Maturity Date (or, as the case may be, with respect to Soft Bullet Notes, the 
extended Final Maturity Date) of the last Series issued by the Issuer under 
the Programme, or (ii) the date of payment of any sums outstanding and 
owing under the latest outstanding covered bond issued thereunder. 
Governing Law: 
The Notes will be governed by, and construed in accordance with, French 
law. 
Clearing Systems: 
Euroclear France as central depositary in relation to Dematerialised Notes 
and, in relation to Materialised Notes, Clearstream and Euroclear or any 
other clearing system that may be agreed between the Issuer, the Fiscal 
Agent and the relevant Dealer(s). 
Initial 
Delivery 
of 
Dematerialised Notes: 
 
At least one (1) Paris business day before the issue date of each Tranche of 
Dematerialised Notes, the lettre comptable or the application form, as the 
case may be, relating to such Tranche shall be deposited with Euroclear 
France as central depositary.

--- Page 11 ---
11 
 
Initial 
Delivery 
of 
Materialised Notes: 
 
On or before the issue date for each Tranche of Materialised Notes, the 
Temporary Global Certificate issued in respect of such Tranche shall be 
deposited with a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream or with 
any other clearing system or may be delivered outside any clearing system 
provided that the method of such delivery has been agreed in advance by the 
Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and the relevant Dealer(s). 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a discount or premium to 
their nominal amount, as specified in the relevant Final Terms. The price 
and amount of the Notes to be issued under the Programme will be 
determined by the Issuer and the relevant Dealers at the time of issue in 
accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
Non-exempt offer: 
Notes may be offered to the public pursuant to a non-exempt offer in France, 
in any member state of the European Economic Area ("EEA"), to the extent 
the Autorité des marchés financiers (the "AMF") has provided a certificate 
of approval attesting that the Base Prospectus (and, if applicable, any 
supplement related thereto) has been drawn up in accordance with the 
Prospectus Regulation, if the relevant Final Terms provide it and in 
accordance with applicable laws and regulations. 
Approval, 
listing 
and 
Admission to Trading: 
 
Application has been made with the AMF for approval of this Base 
Prospectus, in its capacity as competent authority in France. 
The AMF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of 
completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus 
Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of 
either the Issuer or the quality of the Notes that are the subject of this Base 
Prospectus and investors should make their own assessment as to the 
suitability of investing in the Notes. 
Application may be made to Euronext Paris for the Notes issued under the 
Programme for the period of twelve (12) months from the date of this Base 
Prospectus to be admitted to trading on Euronext Paris and/or to the 
competent authority of any other member state of the EEA for Notes issued 
under the Programme to be listed and/or admitted to trading on a Regulated 
Market (as defined below) in such member state of the EEA. Euronext Paris 
is a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU of the 
European Parliament and of the Council dated 15 May 2014 on markets in 
financial instruments, as amended ("MiFID II"), appearing on the list of 
regulated markets issued by the European Commission (a "Regulated 
Market"). Notes which are not listed and/or admitted to trading on a 
Regulated Market may also be listed and/or admitted to trading on another 
stock exchange or may not be listed or admitted to trading at all. The relevant 
final terms (the "Final Terms") in respect of the issue of any Notes will 
specify whether or not such Notes will be listed and/or admitted to trading 
and, if so, the relevant stock exchange where the Notes will be listed and/or 
admitted to trading. 
This Base Prospectus shall be valid for the admission to trading of Notes on 
a Regulated Market and/or the offering of Notes to the public pursuant to a 
non-exempt offer in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation until 
19 July 2023, provided that it is completed by any supplement, pursuant to 
Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, following the occurrence of a 
significant new factor, a material mistake or a material inaccuracy relating 
to the information included (or incorporated by reference) in this Base 
Prospectus which may affect the assessment of an investment in the Notes. 
The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a 
significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not 
apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
Use of Proceeds: 
The net proceeds of the issue of the Notes will be used for financing secured 
loans, exposures, securities and other assets eligible to sociétés de crédit

--- Page 12 ---
12 
 
foncier, as referred to in Article L.513-2.I-1° of the French Monetary and 
Financial Code. In particular, the net proceeds of the issue of Notes will be 
used to fund advances that the Issuer (as lender) will make available to My 
Money Bank (as borrower) under the Facility Agreement. Such net proceeds 
could also be used to fund purchases by the Issuer of Eligible Assets (as 
defined in section entitled "Description of the Issuer – Business overview") 
such as assets to be granted as collateral with the Banque de France in 
accordance with the rules of the Eurosystem. 
Rating: 
Notes issued under the Programme are expected on issue to be rated AAA 
by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P"). S&P is established in the 
European Union, registered under Regulation (EC) no. 1060/2009 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council dated 16 September 2009 on credit 
rating agencies, as amended (the "CRA Regulation") and included in the 
list published on the European Securities and Markets Authority's website 
(https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk) 
in 
accordance with the CRA Regulation. 
The credit rating of the Notes will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be 
subject to suspension, change, or withdrawal by the assigning rating agency 
at any time without notice. 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer and sale of Notes and the distribution of 
offering materials in various jurisdictions (see section entitled "Subscription 
and Sale"). 
The Issuer is Category 1 for the purposes of Regulation S under the United 
States Securities Act of 1933, as amended ("Regulation S"). 
Materialised Notes will be issued in compliance with U.S. Treas. Reg. 
§1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) and any successor regulation issued under the Hiring 
Incentives to Restore Employment Act of 2010 (the "Hire Act") (the 
"TEFRA D Rules") unless (i) the relevant Final Terms state that such 
Materialised Notes are issued in compliance with U.S. Treas. Reg. §1.163-
5(c)(2)(i)(C) and any successor regulation issued under the Hire Act (the 
"TEFRA C Rules") or (ii) such Materialised Notes are issued other than in 
compliance with the TEFRA D Rules or the TEFRA C Rules but in 
circumstances in which the Notes will not constitute "registration required 
obligations" under the United States Tax Equity and Fiscal Responsibility 
Act of 1982 ("TEFRA"), which circumstances will be referred to in the 
relevant Final Terms as a transaction to which TEFRA is not applicable. 
TEFRA rules are not applicable to Dematerialised Notes which are in bearer 
form for U.S. tax purposes. 
General Information: 
This Base Prospectus, any supplement thereto that may be published from 
time to time and, so long as Notes are admitted to trading on any Regulated 
Market and/or offered to the public pursuant to a non-exempt offer in any 
member state of the EEA in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, but 
not less than ten years as from the Issue Date of such Notes, the Final Terms 
relating to such Notes will be published on the websites of My Money Bank 
(www.mymoneybank.com/en/organization/investor-reports) and of the 
AMF (www.amf-france.org). In addition, if the Notes are listed and/or 
admitted to trading on a Regulated Market of the EEA other than Euronext 
Paris, the relevant Final Terms will provide whether this Base Prospectus 
and the relevant Final Terms will be published on the websites of (i) the 
relevant Regulated Market and/or (ii) the relevant competent authority.  
So long as any of the Notes are outstanding, copies of this Base Prospectus 
and various other documents will also be available for inspection and 
obtainable upon request and free of charge, during usual business hours on 
any weekday, at the registered office of the Issuer (Tour Europlaza - 20, 
avenue André Prothin - 92063 Paris La Défense Cedex - France).

--- Page 13 ---
13 
 
RISK FACTORS 
The Issuer believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes issued 
under the Programme. 
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent to investing in Notes 
issued under the Programme. All of these factors are contingencies which may or may not occur. In each category 
below the Issuer sets out the most material risks in first, in its assessment, taking into account the expected 
magnitude of their negative impact and the probability of their occurrence. 
Prospective investors should be aware that the risks described below are not the only risks the Issuer faces. 
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus 
(including all documents incorporated by reference herein) and make their own opinion as to potential risks 
factors prior to making any investment decision. Investors should in particular conduct their own analysis and 
evaluation of the risks relating to the Issuer, its financial condition and the Notes. 
The Issuer considers that the Notes shall only be subscribed for or purchased by investors which are (or are 
advised by) financial institutions or other professional investors who have sufficient knowledge and experience to 
appropriately evaluate the risks associated with the Notes. 
The following risk factors identified by the Issuer have been ranked, in each section, with the highest likelihood of 
occurrence and with the highest negative impact coming first. The likelihood of the occurrence is graded on a 
four-level scale ("very unlikely", "unlikely", "likely" and "very likely") while the magnitude of the negative impact 
is graded on a three-level scale ("low", "moderate" and "significant"). 
Words and expressions defined elsewhere in this Base Prospectus shall have the same meanings when used below. 
 
I. 
RISKS RELATED TO THE ISSUER AND THE PROGRAMME 
1. 
The Issuer has sole liability under the Notes and has limited resources 
The Issuer is the only entity with the obligation to pay principal and interest in respect of the Notes. The Notes 
will not be obligations or responsibilities of any other entity, including (but not limited to) My Money Bank (in 
any capacity but in particular in its capacity as Borrower, Cash Collateral Provider, Collateral Provider, Manager 
or Issuer Calculation Agent), the Permanent Dealer, the Representative, the Arranger, the Fiscal Agent, the Paying 
Agent, the Calculation Agent or any company in the Group (as defined in section entitled "Description of the

--- Page 14 ---
14 
 
Issuer – Incorporation, duration and registered office"), or the shareholders or directors or agents of any company 
in the Group. 
The Issuer's ability to meet its obligations under the Notes will firstly and mainly depend on the ability of the 
Borrower to meet its payment obligations towards the Issuer under the Facility Agreement. 
Upon the occurrence of a default of the Borrower under the Facility Agreement, including if such non-payment is 
due to any resolution procedure on My Money Bank or the Group, and enforcement of the collateral security 
granted by the Collateral Provider pursuant to the Collateral Security Agreement (as defined in section entitled 
"Description of the Issuer – Business overview") (the "Collateral Security"), the Issuer's ability to meet its 
obligations under the Notes will thereafter depend on the proceeds from the Collateral Security Assets transferred 
in full ownership by way of security (remis en pleine propriété à titre de garantie) by the Collateral Provider 
(meaning the amount of principal and interest paid by the relevant debtors under the Collateral Security Assets or 
the price or value of such Collateral Security Assets upon the sale or refinancing thereof by the Issuer), and/or, as 
applicable, the amounts received under any hedging agreement entered into by the Issuer and/or as applicable, the 
amount of any Cash Collateral (as defined in section entitled "Description of the Issuer – Business overview") 
provided by the Cash Collateral Provider under the Collateral Security Agreement and/or, as applicable, the 
available amount credited on the Collection Loss Reserve Account (as defined below in section entitled "Risk 
factors – Commingling risks") and/or, as applicable, the available amount credited on the Issuer's general account 
(including the amount of the Issuer share capital and proceeds from the Subordinated Loan Agreement), and/or, 
as applicable, the revenue proceeds generated by Permitted Investments and/or, as applicable, payments proceeds 
under Substitution Assets. As of 31 December 2021, the Collateral Security Assets amount to 2,527 million euros 
(backing 2,100 million euros of Notes). 
If such amounts are not sufficient for the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Notes, the Issuer will not have 
any further source of funds available other than any recourse the Issuer has against the Borrower in respect of the 
remaining unpaid amounts under the Facility Agreement, which would only be an unsecured claim.  
Should the double recourse against the Borrower under the Facility Agreement and against the Collateral Security 
Assets under the Collateral Security Agreement prove to be insufficient to support payments under the Notes until 
their maturity, this may have a significant negative impact on the Issuer's ability to perform its payment obligations 
under the Notes and the Noteholders will have no other external remedies than to request such payments from the 
Issuer. In particular, they will have no direct recourse against the Collateral Security Assets and the Borrower. As 
a consequence, the situation of the Noteholders may be adversely and materially affected and they could lose all 
or a substantial part of all their investments in the Notes. 
In view of the above, it is the Issuer's assessment that the likelihood of such risk happening is very unlikely and 
that the impact of such risk could be significant. 
2. Credit risks related to My Money Bank 
Neither the Issuer nor any other party to the Programme Documents guarantees or warrants the full and timely 
payment by My Money Bank (acting as Borrower) of any sums of principal or interest payable under the Facility 
Agreement before the occurrence of a default of the Borrower under the Facility Agreement. As of 31 December 
2021, the advances granted by the Issuer to the benefit of the Borrower under the Facility Agreement amount to 
2,100 million euros. 
Should the Borrower be subject to any applicable insolvency proceedings (including the procedures of safeguard, 
moratorium, suspension of payments, liquidation or similar insolvency proceedings) or any resolution procedure, 
this would impair the ability of the Issuer to claim against the Borrower to obtain timely payment of amounts of 
principal and interest due and payable under the Facility Agreement and as a consequence, this may have a 
significant negative impact on the Issuer's ability to perform its payment obligations under the Notes. 
However in such event of insolvency proceedings of the Borrower, the Issuer would be entitled to accelerate the 
payment of such amounts and then immediately enforce the Collateral Security, the Cash Collateral and/or the 
cash collateral credited on the Collection Loss Reserve Account (including upon and following the commencement 
of insolvency proceedings against the Collateral Provider, the Cash Collateral Provider and/or the Borrower). 
In light of the above, it is the Issuer's assessment that the likelihood of this risk happening is very unlikely and that 
the impact of such risk could be significant.

--- Page 15 ---
15 
 
3. The Issuer is exposed to performance and credit risk on other parties to the Programme Documents 
The Issuer has entered into a number of agreements with My Money Bank and other third parties, who have agreed 
to perform services for the Issuer. In particular: 
- 
counterparties in charge of administrating the Issuer's bank accounts (opening and maintenance of the 
bank accounts, administrative allocation of payments to or from such bank accounts); 
- 
the management of the Issuer has been outsourced to My Money Bank. In this respect, My Money Bank 
shall (i) fulfil regulatory obligations of permanent supervision, periodic supervision and compliance 
supervision on behalf of the Issuer and (ii) shall provide the Issuer with certain services required by the 
operations of the Issuer, in particular for financial and legal purposes;  
- 
My Money Bank has been appointed as Issuer calculation agent (the "Issuer Calculation Agent") to 
provide calculations services as provided for in the Collateral Security Agreement and/or pursuant to the 
laws and regulations applicable to sociétés de crédit foncier;  
- 
My Money Bank, acting as Collateral Provider, has been appointed to administer and service the 
Collateral Security Assets; and 
- 
as applicable, counterparties in hedging operations with which the Issuer may enter into (if any) ISDA 
(International Swaps and Derivatives Association Inc.) or FBF (Fédération bancaire française) master 
agreements that meet rating agency standards for sociétés de crédit foncier. 
Therefore, the Issuer is dependent towards My Money Bank and such other third parties regarding the 
administration of the Issuer's bank accounts, its management, the calculations to be made with regards to the 
Programme, the management of the Collateral Security Assets and its hedging.  
Potential investors should also be aware that the technical administration of the Issuer has been subcontracted to 
My Money Bank which also manages the security of the Group's information systems. 
The agreements which may be entered into between the Issuer and the above counterparties would, in any case 
and where required, comply with the specific legal requirements applicable to sociétés de crédit foncier and with 
the applicable rating agency public methodologies and criteria which are commensurate to the then current rating 
of the Notes and which provide for mitigants or for substitution and/or constitution of cash collateral upon certain 
triggers (most notably, triggers based upon long or short term ratings of the relevant counterparties or 
counterparties' group). In particular, certain of those agreements contain provisions leading to the substitution of 
one or more parties to these agreements (in particular in case of a rating downgrade of the relevant entity) but a 
substitute entity may not be found. In addition, in case of substitution, the transfer to a substitute entity outside the 
Group may result in delays, increased costs and/or losses in collection of sums due to the Issuer under its assets 
and could create operational and administrative difficulties for the Issuer. 
Any delay or inability to implement those mitigants (including to appoint a substitute entity) may affect the ability 
of the Issuer to make payments under the Notes up to the required amount and/or on the relevant due date. In 
addition, if those mitigants prove to be insufficient, failure of any such party to make a payment or a transfer as 
expected and when due may materially affect the ability of the Issuer to make principal and interest payments in 
respect of the Notes. As a consequence, the situation of the Noteholders may be adversely and materially affected 
and they could lose all or a substantial part of all their investments in the Notes. 
Regarding My Money Bank, it is the Issuer's assessment that the likelihood of such risk happening is very unlikely 
due to the Group's high solvency and strong liquidity profile. The Group presents a regulatory total capital ratio 
of 19.9% as of end 2021 (well above minimum requirement) and a regulatory liquidity coverage ratio of 442% 
at that date (well above regulatory minimum requirement). However, in light of the above, it is the Issuer's 
assessment that the impact of such risk could be significant. 
II. 
RISKS RELATED TO THE COLLATERAL SECURITY 
1. My Money Bank's dependence on partners, certain services and business providers  
My Money Bank relies on partners, certain services and business providers. In particular, My Money Bank's 
refinancing mortgage business in France is largely intermediated through specialised brokers. With respect to the 
refinancing mortgage activities, the top five brokers intermediated about 37% of new originations in 2021. These 
relationships have been established with leading players in these markets for over 15 years, with strong barriers to 
entry. Should a disruption to these relationships occur or should any third-party intermediary defaults, My Money

--- Page 16 ---
16 
 
Bank might not be able to maintain its market share in the refinancing mortgage market in France. This may 
adversely affect the Borrower's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Facility Agreement. 
In light of the above, it is the Issuer's assessment that the likelihood of such risk happening is unlikely and that the 
impact of such risk could be significant. 
2. Risks related to the Covid-19 pandemic 
Over the last two years, the Coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) pandemic situation has become an important 
source of uncertainty and as a consequence, economic activity across the euro area had declined and suffered a 
considerable contraction. The pandemic is still an ongoing concern and the economic and social recovery highly 
depends on vaccination campaigns led by governments. As further exposed above, the Issuer is dependent towards 
My Money Bank regarding, among others, the management of the Issuer, the management of the Collateral 
Security Assets and the calculations to be made with regards to the Programme. Consequently, the impact of the 
COVID-19 on My Money Bank's results and financial position could affect the Issuer.  
Disruptions on the economic environment arising from the pandemic could affect the origination of eligible loans, 
the French real estate market and the credit quality of mortgage portfolios in France and in Europe. Despite the 
important measures taken by governments and central banks, it is likely that a certain number of corporate 
companies and retail borrowers might experience difficulties causing a rise of the unemployment rate leading to a 
significant increase in arrears on mortgage loans. It remains unclear how the situation will evolve through 2022 
and the coming years as the Group continues to monitor the situation closely. For My Money Bank, a degraded 
macroeconomic environment driven by the pandemic could lead to an increase of cost of risk impacting 
profitability, a reduction of the amount of loans eligible to the cover pool and a deterioration of the Issuer's asset 
cover ratio. My Money Bank has adopted and maintained a very prudent and conservative provisioning approach 
since the beginning of the pandemic to protect the Group in a persisting uncertain environment with a €12m 
forward-looking provisions kept on balance sheet at year-end 2021. 
Moreover, in the objective of supporting its customers in this context, My Money Bank had granted more than 
10,000 payment holidays during the lockdown periods, upon request and on a case-by-case basis to performing 
customers only, only if justified by COVID-19 circumstances.  
The pandemic has had a limited impact on My Money Group's activities in the first half of 2022, with originations 
above pre-Covid levels. The bank remains however prudent in the face of a possible rebound of the pandemic in 
the second half of 2022 and beyond. 
The Borrower keeps at any time a sufficient buffer of eligible assets on its balance sheet which could be transferred 
to the Issuer under the Collateral Security Agreement if needed. It is therefore the Issuer's assessment that the 
likelihood of such risk happening is unlikely and that the impact of such risk could be significant. 
3. The Group faces risks related to a future acquisition 
The Group announced on 18 June 2021 the signature of a memorandum of understanding relating to the potential 
acquisition (the "Acquisition") of the assets constituting the retail banking business of HSBC Continental Europe 
(the "Seller") in France, including network retail branches, customer loans and deposits balances, certain other 
assets and liabilities and the "Crédit Commercial de France" brand (together, the "Assets"), as further specified on 
pages 6 and 9 of the 2021 Financial Statements which are incorporated by reference herein. 
The intention of the Group to purchase the Assets is based on assessments that are inherently uncertain and, inter 
alia, subject to a number of estimates and assumptions regarding profitability, growth and business valuations of 
such Assets which are in turn based on a limited set of information, generally obtained through customary due 
diligence. All such evaluations, estimates and assumptions may prove to be incorrect or incomplete or may differ 
significantly from actual circumstances and developments.  
In order to carry out the Acquisition, there are a number of steps that the Group must take, such as negotiating with 
the Seller and obtaining the relevant consents from third parties, including competent authorities, as well as a 
number of conditions precedent that both parties have to fulfil in the view of the closing of the Acquisition. As a 
consequence, the Group may not be able to achieve the Acquisition or to carry it out in a timely manner or on a 
cost-effective basis. Due to its significant size, the Acquisition will span over an extended period in which the 
Group may be exposed to the occurrence of unexpected events or problems that may threaten the closing process 
of the Acquisition or the interest of the Group to complete it. 
The realisation of any of these risks, alone or in combination, could have a material adverse effect on the Group's 
business, financial condition and results of operations, which could, in turn, adversely affect the ability of the

--- Page 17 ---
17 
 
Borrower to fulfil its payment obligations under the Facility Agreement, the ability of the Issuer to fulfil its 
obligations under the Notes or the market price of the Notes. 
It is the Issuer's assessment that the likelihood of such risk happening is unlikely and that the impact of such risk 
could be significant. 
4. Liquidity Risk 
The maturity and amortisation profile of the assets transferred as Collateral Security will not match the repayment 
profile and maturities of the Notes. Therefore, upon the occurrence of a default of My Money Bank (acting as 
Borrower) under the Facility Agreement and the enforcement of the Collateral Security, such mismatch will 
potentially result in a liquidity need at the level of the Issuer.  
Pursuant to Articles L.513-8 and R.513-7 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, the Issuer must, at all time, 
cover its treasury needs over a period of 180 days.  
In addition, pursuant to Article 12 of Regulation no. 99-10, the Issuer must ensure that the average life of the 
eligible assets held by it, up to the minimum necessary to comply the requirement to maintain a ratio of at least 
one hundred and five per cent (105%) between its eligible assets and the total amount of its liabilities benefiting 
from the Privilège in accordance with Articles L.513-12 and R.513-8 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, 
does not exceed more than eighteen (18) months the average life of its liabilities benefiting from the Privilège (for 
further description, see section entitled "Main features of the legislation and regulations relating to sociétés de 
crédit foncier"). As of 31 December 2021, the Issuer had no treasury shortfall over the 180-days period, with a 
minimum of 55.88 million euros during that period. The average life of the eligible assets held by the Issuer was 
67.7 months, 27.5 months below the average life of its liabilities benefiting from the Privilège. Finally, as of 
31 December 2021, the asset cover ratio was equal to 117.76%. 
As a credit institution, the Issuer is also subject to a liquidity coverage ratio in accordance with the provisions of 
Directive 2013/36 / EU (CRDIV) and Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 (Capital Requirements Regulation). This ratio 
is declared monthly to the banking supervisory authority. To meet this ratio, credit institutions shall hold sufficient 
risk-free and highly liquid assets on the markets to meet payments of net outflows for a 30 days period. The 
minimum regulatory requirement for this ratio is at 100%. As of 31 December 2021, as the Issuer had no cash 
outflow planned over the next 30-days period, the liquidity coverage ratio was perfectly met, as it was throughout 
the 2021 year. 
In addition to the regulatory liquidity constraints described above, the Programme includes strong liquidity support 
mechanisms. 
In particular, the programme contains a soft bullet mechanism pursuant to which if, following the occurrence of 
an Extension Trigger Event (as defined below), the Issuer is not able to repay the relevant Notes on their Final 
Maturity Date, then payment of the unpaid amount shall be automatically deferred and shall become due and 
payable up to twelve (12) months later on an extended Final Maturity Date. 
In addition, as part of the liquidity support mechanisms included in the Programme and in order to anticipate and 
address the above-mentioned liquidity risk and in order to comply with the liquidity ratio of Articles L.513-8 and 
R.513-7 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, the Issuer will also benefit from an undertaking from the 
Borrower to fund certain amounts as cash collateral (gage-espèces) on the credit of the Issuer's cash collateral 
account (the "Cash Collateral Account") so as to secure as they become due and payable the payments of all and 
any amounts owed by the Borrower under the Facility Agreement. The Borrower, as Issuer Calculation Agent, 
continuously test compliance or non-compliance with the amount required for compliance with the liquidity ratio 
provided for under Articles L.513-8 and R.513-7 of the French Monetary and Financial Code. Upon non-
compliance with the amount required for compliance with such ratio, the Borrower shall fund the Cash Collateral 
Account up to an amount as being the amount of cash to be funded so as to ensure that the total amount of cash on 
the Cash Collateral Account (increased by the Permitted Investments and Substitution Assets made out of such 
funded cash) is equal, on each day, to the amount of the Issuer's treasury needs within the next following one 
hundred and eightieth (180th) (excluded) days after such day (as calculated in accordance with Article L.513-8 and 
R.513-7 of the French Monetary and Financial Code). As of 31 December 2021, the amount required for 
compliance with the liquidity ratio provided for under Articles L.513-8 and R.513-7 of the French Monetary and 
Financial Code was complied with. As a result, the Borrower was not required to fund the Cash Collateral Account. 
In any case, when the Issuer is not able to cover its liquidity needs with any of the tools and instruments described 
above, the Issuer would be allowed to subscribe for its own Notes, within the limit of 10% of the total outstanding 
amount (encours total) of the resources benefiting from the Privilège as at the date of their subscription, for the 
sole purpose of pledging them (affecter en garantie) as collateral security in order to secure the credit transactions

--- Page 18 ---
18 
 
(opérations de crédit) of the Banque de France in accordance with the provisions of Article L.513-26 of the French 
Monetary and Financial Code. 
In spite of the above, if the Issuer is not able to cover its liquidity needs, this may have a negative impact on the 
Issuer's ability to meet its obligations under the Notes in a timely manner and in particular, its ability to make 
payments under the Notes may be negatively affected. 
In light of the above, it is the Issuer's assessment that the likelihood of the liquidity risk happening is very unlikely 
and that the impact of such risk could be significant. 
5. Risks related to maintenance of the value of Collateral Security prior to or following 
enforcement thereof 
If the collateral value of the Loan Receivables transferred in full ownership by way of security (remis en pleine 
propriété à titre de garantie) as Collateral Security in favour of the Issuer pursuant to the Collateral Security 
Agreement has not been maintained in accordance with the provisions of the Collateral Security Agreement, the 
value of the relevant Collateral Security Assets (before and after the occurrence of a default of My Money Bank 
(acting as Borrower) under the Facility Agreement) or the price or value of such Loan Receivables upon the sale 
or refinancing thereof by the Issuer may be affected. As of 31 December 2021, the collateral value of the Loan 
Receivables amounted to 2,527 million euros. 
The value of any property securing the relevant Loan Receivables may decrease as a result of any number of 
factors, including the national or international economic climate, regional economic or housing conditions, 
changes in tax laws, mortgage interest rates, inflation, the availability of financing, yields on alternative 
investments, increasing utility costs and other day-to-day expenses, political developments, government policies 
and conditions of enforcement of mortgages and privileges. In addition, as the properties securing all Loan 
Receivables are located in France, the Issuer is particularly subject to geographic concentration (the collateral 
value of the Loan Receivables would significantly be adversely affected in the event of a general downturn in the 
value of property in France, thus affecting the activity, financial position, cash and results of the Issuer). 
Under the Collateral Security Agreement, My Money Bank is required to ensure that at any time the value of the 
Collateral Security (as calculated by My Money Bank as Issuer Calculation Agent) covers at least, taking into 
account also applicable minimum overcollaterisation requirements, the aggregate amounts of advances made 
available by the Issuer to the Borrower under the Facility Agreement (including, in particularly, any amount of 
interest and any other amounts due and payable on such date by the Borrower under the Facility Agreement). 
Should My Money Bank fail to maintain the value of the Collateral Security at the above-mentioned level, the 
recourse of the Issuer against the Collateral Security Assets may be insufficient to support payments under the 
Notes until their maturity, which may have a moderate negative impact on the Issuer's ability to perform its 
payment obligations under the Notes. 
This risk is nonetheless mitigated by the fact that the real estate assets financed under the Collateral Security Assets 
are mostly located in liquid and urban areas (62% of the portfolio relates to real estate assets located in cities with 
more than 50,000 inhabitants). In addition, the conservative average Loan To Value (LTV) of the portfolio (about 
50%) and the current legal framework for sociétés de crédit foncier providing for a 80% LTV on the cover assets 
currently in the cover pool (Article R.513-1 of the French Monetary and Financial Code) protect the investors 
against a significant volatility of the French real estate market.  
However, it is the Issuer's assessment that the likelihood of such risk happening is very unlikely. 
6. Impact of the hardening period on the Collateral Security 
Article L.211-40 of the French Monetary and Financial Code states that the provisions of book VI of the French 
Commercial Code (pertaining to insolvency proceedings as a matter of French law) shall not impede ("ne font pas 
obstacle") the application of Article L.211-36 et seq. of the French Monetary and Financial Code, save in case of 
fraud. This provision should lead to the conclusion that the rules pertaining to the nullity of acts concluded during 
the hardening period (période suspecte) (as provided for in Articles L.632-1 and L.632-2 of the French Commercial 
Code) will not apply in respect of guarantees governed by Article L.211-38-I of the French Monetary and Financial 
Code. 
The hardening period (période suspecte) is a period of time the duration of which is determined by the bankruptcy 
judge upon the judgement recognising that the cessation of payments (cessation des paiements) of the insolvent 
company has occurred. The hardening period commences on the date of such judgement and extends for up to 
eighteen (18) months previous to the date of such judgement.

--- Page 19 ---
19 
 
Given the provisions of the EU Collateral Directive, it is reasonable to consider that Article L.211-40 of the French 
Monetary and Financial Code will exclude application of Article L.632-1-6° of the French Commercial Code, 
which provides for an automatic nullity of security interest granted during the hardening period to secure past 
obligations of a debtor and, therefore, that the Collateral Security, which is governed by Articles L.211-38-I et seq. 
of the French Monetary and Financial Code would not be void on the basis of said Article L.632-1-6° of the French 
Commercial Code. 
However, it cannot be excluded that Article L.211-40 of the French Monetary and Financial Code does not intend 
to overrule Article L.632-2 of the French Commercial Code. Should Article L.632-2 of the French Commercial 
Code be deemed applicable, nullity of the Collateral Security could be sought, if the Issuer was aware, at the time 
where the Collateral Security was granted (or the subject of an addition or substitution), that My Money Bank was 
unable to pay its debts with its available funds (en état de cessation des paiements). However, in this case, the 
Issuer may argue that Article L.513-18 of the French Monetary and Financial Code provides that the provisions of 
Article L.632-2 of the French Commercial Code are not applicable to contracts entered into by or with sociétés de 
crédit foncier, or to legal transactions entered into by sociétés de crédit foncier or on their behalf, where such 
contracts or such transactions are directly related to the transactions referred to in Article L.513-2 of the French 
Monetary and Financial Code. 
Should the Collateral Security be declared void, which the Issuer considers to be very unlikely, the Issuer would 
have no recourse against the Collateral Security Assets, this may have a significant negative impact on the Issuer's 
ability to perform its payment obligations under the Notes. 
7. Credit Risk on collateral assets 
None of the parties to the Programme Documents guarantees or warrants full and timely payment by the debtors 
under the Loan Receivables of any sums payable under such Loan Receivables. If, following enforcement of the 
Collateral Security, the Issuer does not receive the full amount due from the debtors on the Loan Receivables 
transferred as Collateral Security, this may affect the ability of the Issuer to make payments under the Notes.  
The Issuer may therefore be exposed to the occurrence of credit risk in relation to the debtors under the Loan 
Receivables. 
In such case, the Issuer will be entitled (i) with respect to any Loan Receivable guaranteed by a credit institution, 
a financing company or an insurance company which complies with Article L.513-3.I.2 of the French Monetary 
and Financial Code, to seek recourse against the relevant guarantor or (ii) with respect to any Loan Receivable 
secured by a first-ranking mortgage or any security interest over a real estate property providing the same level of 
protection as a first ranking mortgage, to enforce such mortgage, proceed with the sale of the mortgaged assets 
and use proceeds of such sale to pay any amount due under the relevant Loan Receivables. 
The ability of a debtor under the Loan Receivables to make timely payment of amounts due under such Loan 
Receivables will mainly depend on its assets and its liabilities as well as his ability to generate sufficient income 
to make payments under the relevant Loan Receivables. Its ability to generate income may be adversely affected 
by a large number of factors, some of which (i) relate specifically to the debtor himself (including but not limited 
to his age and health, employment situation, family situation, creditworthiness or expropriation) or (ii) are more 
general in nature (such as changes in governmental regulations, fiscal policy, etc.). 
The Group's business is focused on providing credit products, principally to individuals and to small businesses 
(around 75% and 25% respectively, of the Group's credit portfolio as of year-end 2021) and is exposed to credit 
risk as a result. The bulk of the Group's credit exposure consists of granular credit portfolios with a historically 
moderate and stable cost of risk resulting from conservative underwriting criteria (i.e. cost of risk expenses of 2 
million euros in 2021 against a 6.6 billion euros credit portfolio), 13 million euros reduction of forward-looking 
provisions, reflecting overall improvement of macroeconomic environment. The Group remains prudent with a 12 
million euros forward-looking provision on balance sheet at year-end 2021, given persisting uncertain environment 
resulting in 3bps cost of risk in 2021. A deterioration of the debtors under the Loan Receivables could also lead to 
an increase in cost of risk expenses which would significantly reduce the Borrower's profitability and adversely 
affect the Borrower's ability to fulfil its payment obligations under the Facility Agreement. 
Furthermore, the debtors under the Loan Receivables may benefit from the applicable favorable legal and statutory 
provisions of the consumer laws and regulations, pursuant to which any individual may, under certain 
circumstances and subject to certain conditions, request and obtain from the competent court a grace period, a 
reduction of the amount of all and any of its indebtedness and any interest relating thereto and, as the case may be, 
(pursuant to (i) law no. 98-657 dated 29 July 1998, as amended, and (ii) law no. 2003-710 dated 1st August 2003) 
a full or partial extinguishment of its indebtedness against a credit institution.

--- Page 20 ---
20 
 
In light of the above, it is the Issuer's assessment that the likelihood of such risk happening is likely and that the 
impact of such risk could be low. 
8. Prepayment and renegotiation of interest rates under the Loan Receivables may affect the yield 
of the Collateral Security Assets 
The rate of prepayment of Loan Receivables is influenced by a wide variety of economic, social and other factors, 
including prevailing market interest rates, changes in tax laws, local, and regional economic conditions, as well as 
changes in the debtor's behaviour (including but not limited to home-owner mobility). In addition, debtors under 
the Loan Receivables may renegotiate periodically the interest rate prevailing on their loan and such renegotiation 
may be accepted by the lender. 
While such occurrences may happen at any time and are difficult to quantify beforehand, the likeliness of such 
prepayments and renegotiations is higher when prevailing market interest rates are low. 
A high level of prepayment and renegotiation of interest rate will reduce the yield of the Collateral Security Assets 
and therefore, may affect the ability of the Issuer to have sufficient funds to make payments under Notes after the 
occurrence of a default of the Borrower under the Facility Agreement. 
The Issuer selects the Collateral Security Assets taking into account the risk induced by high prepayment rates. 
The impact of prepayment rates is monitored through projections made on the cover pool using various level of 
prepayment rates (from conservative to less conservative). 
In addition, on 31 December 2021, the yield under the Collateral Security Assets was equal to 2.57%. 
In light of the above, it is the Issuer's assessment that the likelihood of such risk happening is likely and that the 
impact of such risk could be low. 
9. No prior notification to debtors under the loan receivables (the "Loan Receivables") transferred 
as Collateral Security 
The Collateral Security Agreement will provide that the relevant Loan Receivables will be transferred in full 
ownership by way of security (remis en pleine propriété à titre de garantie) as Collateral Security pursuant to the 
provisions of Article L.211-38 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, without notification to the underlying 
debtors under such Loan Receivables. Such debtors will only be notified if and when the Collateral Security is 
enforced following the occurrence of a default of My Money Bank (acting as Borrower) under the Facility 
Agreement. Notification to such debtors will only be made when, upon such default of the Borrower, the Collateral 
Security has been enforced. As long as no such notification has been given, any payment made by any debtor 
under the relevant Loan Receivables to the Borrower will be considered valid even though title to such Loan 
Receivables has been validly transferred in full ownership by way of security (remis en pleine propriété à titre de 
garantie) to the Issuer. In addition, as long as no such notification has been given, any debtor under the relevant 
Loan Receivables may be entitled, under certain conditions, to set-off the relevant Loan Receivables against a 
claim they may have vis-à-vis the Borrower. After such notification has been given, a debtor under a Loan 
Receivables would still be entitled to invoke statutory set-off against the Issuer if prior to the notification of the 
transfer the conditions for statutory set-off were satisfied. 
Notification to the debtors under the relevant Loan Receivables may not be made at the times required and the 
Issuer may not obtain effective direct payment from the debtors under the relevant Loan Receivables in a sufficient 
timely manner, which may moderately affect payments under the Notes. In such circumstances, a shortfall in 
distributions of interest or repayment of principal to the holders of the Notes may result. 
Until notification to the debtors has been made and provided that, at such time, an insolvency proceedings has 
been opened against the Borrower, a statutory stay of execution under mandatory rules of French insolvency law 
will prevent the Issuer from taking recourse against the Borrower for repayment of collections received by the 
Borrower under the relevant Loan Receivables, which are commingled with the Borrower's other funds. 
This commingling risk is mitigated by the funding of a certain amount on a specific account of the Issuer upon the 
occurrence of a rating downgrade event affecting the Borrower (for further description, see section entitled "Risk 
Factors – Risks related to the Collateral Security – Commingling risk").  
10. Commingling risk 
The Collateral Provider has been appointed by the Issuer to carry out the administration and servicing of the assets 
transferred as Collateral Security. Until notification to the debtors has been made and provided that, at such time, 
an insolvency proceedings has been opened against the Borrower, a statutory stay of execution under mandatory 
rules of French insolvency law will prevent the Issuer from taking recourse against the Borrower for repayment of 
collections received by the Borrower under the relevant Loan Receivables, which are commingled with the

--- Page 21 ---
21 
 
Borrower's other funds. 
To address such commingling risk, the Issuer benefits from an undertaking from My Money Bank to create cash 
collateral (gages espèces) by transferring cash amounts to the credit of the Issuer's collection loss reserve account 
(the "Collection Loss Reserve Account"), subject to, and in accordance with, the relevant provisions of the 
Collateral Security Agreement and the provisions of article L.211-38 et seq. of the French Monetary and Financial 
Code. The positive balance from time to time outstanding on the Collection Loss Reserve Account shall at all 
times be kept and vested with the Issuer, form part of the Issuer 's assets and be retained as continuing security for 
the satisfaction in full of the Borrower's liabilities under the Facility Agreement. As of 31 December 2021, the 
balance of the Collection Loss Reserve Account amounted to 35 million euros. 
Upon the downgrading of the short-term senior unsecured, unsubordinated and unguaranteed debt obligations of 
My Money Bank below A-2 by S&P (a "Collection Loss Trigger Event"), within ten (10) Business Days from 
the occurrence of such Collection Loss Trigger Event, the Borrower shall be required (i) to transfer to the credit 
of the Collection Loss Reserve Account, an amount in cash that commensurates the relevant commingling risk, 
based on the contemplated collections to be received by the Collateral Provider under the Collateral Security Assets 
and the sums due by the Issuer under the Notes during the two (2) following calendar months. As the short-term 
senior unsecured, unsubordinated and unguaranteed debt obligations of My Money Bank have been rated below A-
2 by S&P since the inception of the Programme, the Collection Loss Reserve Account has always been funded. 
On 31 December 2021, the balance of the Collection Loss Reserve Account amounted to 35 million euros. 
The commingling risk is further addressed by taking it into account in the calculation of the Contractual Cover 
Ratio an additional potential commingling amount (the "Potential Commingling Amount").  
Upon the occurrence of any Collection Loss Trigger Event, the Borrower may, instead of having the Issuer 
Calculation Agent to deduct the full amount of the Potential Commingling Amount in the Contractual Cover Ratio 
(as defined in section entitled "Description of the Issuer – Business overview") ), elect to transfer to the credit of 
the Issuer's collection loss reserve account on or before the relevant monthly calculation date, an additional amount 
in cash. 
In light of the regulatory constraints and the mechanisms implemented into the programme, it is the Issuer's 
assessment that the likelihood of the commingling risk happening is very unlikely and that the impact of such risk 
could be moderate. 
11. Interest and currency risks  
Each advance granted by the Issuer to the benefit of My Money Bank (acting as Borrower) under the Facility 
Agreement shall be made available in the same currency as the Notes funding such advance and the interest to be 
paid by the Borrower under each advance shall be the financing cost of the Issuer under the Notes funding such 
advance increased by a margin. 
As a consequence, as long as a default of the Borrower under the Facility Agreement has not occurred, the Issuer 
is not exposed to any currency and interest risk regarding the advances and the Notes. As of 31 December 2021, 
the advances granted by the Issuer to the benefit of the Borrower under the Facility Agreement amount to 
2,100 million euros and for avoidance of doubts all assets and liabilities are exclusively denominated in euros. 
Upon the occurrence of a default of the Borrower under the Facility Agreement and the enforcement of the 
Collateral Security, a significant part of the Issuer's available funds will arise from the Collateral Security Assets. 
The assets being part of the Collateral Security may not bear interest at the same conditions as the Notes and may 
not be denominated in the same currency as the Notes and, as a result, the Issuer may be exposed to interest and/or 
currency risk regarding the advances and the Notes. 
In order to mitigate or hedge such potential interest rate or currency risks, the Issuer may use different mechanisms: 
- 
with respect to interest rates mismatch, hedging mechanisms may include, without limitation, 
overcollateralisation, cash reserve, additional selection rules for the Collateral Security Assets or any 
other mechanism(s) which will comply with the specific legal requirements applicable to sociétés de 
crédit foncier and with the applicable rating agency public methodologies and criteria which are 
commensurate to the then current rating of the Notes; 
- 
currency risks and any remaining interest rates risks may be hedged by the Issuer by entering into Hedging 
Agreements. 
According to Article 12 of the 99-10 Regulation and Articles 85 and 86 of the Arrêté dated 3 November 2014 with

--- Page 22 ---
22 
 
respect to the internal control of the banking sector companies, payment services and investment services 
providers, subject to the supervision of the French Banking Authority, the Issuer has implemented a system for 
measuring overall interest rate risks under the conditions set forth in Article 134 to Article 139 of the Arrêté of 3 
November 2014 (for further description, see section entitled "Main features of the legislation and regulations 
relating to sociétés de crédit foncier - Hedging"). As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer has not entered 
into any Hedging Agreements and has not implemented any other specific hedging mechanism, except the 
selection of the Collateral Security Assets in a way which is congruent with the interest risk exposures of the 
Issuer. 
In light of the above, it is the Issuer's assessment that the likelihood of the interest and currency risk happening is 
unlikely and that the impact of such risk could be low. 
III. 
RISKS RELATED TO THE NOTES AND THE MARKET 
A. 
Risks related to the Notes 
1. 
French insolvency laws 
The Issuer having its registered office in France, French insolvency laws apply to the Issuer. 
Pursuant to Ordonnance No. 2021-1193 of 15 September 2021, which transposes Directive (EU) 2019/1023 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 20 June 2019, in the context of the opening in France of a safeguard 
(procédure de sauvegarde), an accelerated safeguard procedure (procédure de sauvegarde accélérée) or a judicial 
reorganisation procedure (procédure de redressement judiciaire) with respect to the Issuer, the affected parties 
(parties affectées) (i.e., creditors, including the holders of Notes) are grouped into distinct classes in order to adopt 
a restructuring plan. The administrator (administrateur judiciaire) splits, on the basis of verifiable objective 
criteria, the affected parties between classes comprising claims or interests with rights that reflect a sufficient 
commonality of interest, following certain conditions. As a minimum, the secured and unsecured receivables must 
be treated in distinct classes in order to adopt a restructuring plan. 
The decision of each class is taken by a two-third (2/3rd) majority of the voting rights of the participating members, 
no quorum being required. 
If the restructuring plan is not approved by all classes of affected parties, it can still be ratified by the court at the 
request of the Issuer or the receiver with the Issuer's consent and be imposed on dissenting classes through a cross-
class cram down, under certain conditions. 
As a specialised credit institution (établissement de crédit spécialisé), the Issuer is also subject to the provisions 
of Article L.613-24 et seq. of the French Monetary and Financial Code, which include, inter alia, specific rules 
concerning the opening of insolvency proceedings against credit institutions (établissements de crédit) or financing 
companies (sociétés de financement), a specific involvement of the French Banking Authority in the event of 
bankruptcy of a credit institution or financing company, an overriding concept of suspension of payment (cessation 
des paiements) and other specific rules of liquidation. 
However, the Issuer, as société de crédit foncier, benefits from a regime which derogates in many ways from the 
French legal provisions relating to insolvency proceedings, including: 
(i) 
in accordance with Article L.513-18 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, the provisions of Article 
L.632-2 of the French Commercial Code, allowing an administrative receiver to render certain transactions 
entered into during the hardening period (période suspecte) null and void, are not applicable to contracts 
executed by sociétés de crédit foncier, or to legal transactions in favour of sociétés de crédit foncier, provided 
that those contracts or transactions are, without fraud, made in accordance with their exclusive legal purpose 
(as defined by Article L.513-2 of the French Monetary and Financial Code); 
(ii) in accordance with Article L.513-20 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, precludes the extension of 
insolvency proceedings in respect of the société de crédit foncier parent company to the société de crédit 
foncier; 
(iii) in accordance with Article L.513-21 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, in case of the opening of 
any safeguard proceedings (procédure de sauvegarde), judicial reorganisation proceedings (procédure de 
redressement judiciaire) or judicial liquidation proceedings (procédure de liquidation judiciaire) against the 
credit institution which is acting as manager and servicer of the assets and liabilities of the Issuer (such as 
the Cash Manager), the recovery, management and servicing contract pursuant to which the Issuer has 
delegated to such credit institution the management or recovery of its assets may be immediately terminated 
by the Issuer notwithstanding any legal provisions to the contrary; and

--- Page 23 ---
23 
 
(iv) pursuant to Article L.513-11 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, notwithstanding any legal 
provisions to the contrary and in particular the provisions of book VI (Livre VI) of the French Commercial 
Code relating to the difficulties of companies (difficultés des entreprises): 
(a) the amounts resulting from loans or assimilated receivables, exposures, securities and deposits (dépôts) 
referred to in Articles L.513-3 to L.513-7 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, including any 
mortgage, charge, lien, or other guarantee or indemnity relating thereto, and the forward financial 
instruments used for hedging as referred to in Article L.513-10 of the French Monetary and Financial 
Code (in each case, after any applicable set-off), together with the receivables in respect of deposits 
made by a société de crédit foncier with credit institutions (établissements de crédit), are allocated by 
way of priority to the payment of any sums due in relation to the obligations foncières, to other resources 
benefiting from the Privilège, as mentioned in paragraph 2 of the I of Article L.513-2 of the French 
Monetary and Financial Code; 
(b) when a société de crédit foncier (such as the Issuer) is subject to safeguard proceedings (procédure de 
sauvegarde), judicial reorganisation proceedings (procédure de redressement judiciaire), judicial 
liquidation proceedings (procédure de liquidation judiciaire) or resolution proceedings (procédure de 
résolution) opened pursuant to article L.613-49 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, the 
amounts regularly originated from the operations referred to in the second paragraph of I of Article 
L.513-2 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (i.e. resources benefiting from the Privilège) are 
paid to their respective creditors, on their respective contractual due date and by way of priority to all 
other receivables, whether or not preferred or secured, including interests resulting from agreements 
whatever their duration is;  
(c) no creditor of a société de crédit foncier (such as the Issuer) may avail itself of any right over the assets 
and rights of such société de crédit foncier, either in principal or interest, until all creditors benefiting 
from the Privilège defined in Article L.513-11 of the French Monetary and Financial Code have been 
fully paid off; and 
(d) the safeguard proceedings (procédure de sauvegarde), judicial reorganisation proceedings (procédure 
de redressement judiciaire), judicial liquidation proceedings (procédure de liquidation judiciaire) or 
resolution proceedings (procédure de résolution) opened pursuant to Article L.613-49 of the French 
Monetary and Financial Code against a société de crédit foncier such as the Issuer will not result in the 
acceleration of payment of Notes and other debts benefiting from the Privilège. In addition, the same 
proceedings will not result by themselves in the alteration, set-off, suspension or termination of forward 
financial instruments entered into by the Issuer. 
In the case of insolvency proceedings in respect of the Issuer, the ability of holders of Notes to enforce their rights 
under the Notes may be limited. In addition, the value of the Notes would be adversely affected. 
2. 
Withholding Taxes - No gross-up obligation 
Pursuant to Conditions 6(f) and 8 (Taxation), if French law should require that any payments in respect of any 
Notes be subject to withholding or deduction in respect of any taxes or duties whatsoever, the Issuer will not pay 
any additional amounts in respect of any such withholding or deduction.  
In addition, such Notes may not be redeemed early.  
Therefore, the corresponding risk shall be borne by the Noteholders or, if applicable, the Receiptholders and the 
Couponholders. Such risk could materially and adversely affect the yield of the Notes and could result in the 
Noteholders losing all or a substantial part of all their investments in the Notes.  
3. 
Risks related to the Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive 
Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union of 15 May 2014 
establishing an EU-wide framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms, as 
amended and implemented in France (the "Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive" or "BRRD"), provides the 
French Banking Authority (Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution) ("ACPR") with a credible set of tools 
to intervene sufficiently early and quickly in an unsound or failing credit institution so as to ensure the continuity 
of the institution's critical financial and economic functions, while minimizing the impact of its failure on the 
economy and financial system (including taxpayers' exposure to losses).  
Such tools include write-down/conversion powers (i) to ensure that capital instruments (including subordinated 
debt instruments) and eligible liabilities (including senior debt instruments such as the Notes if junior instruments 
prove insufficient to absorb all losses) absorb losses of the issuing institution under resolution in accordance with 
a set order of priority and (ii) with respect to institutions or groups which viability would otherwise be at threat or 
who require extraordinary financial support (the "BRRD Tool").

--- Page 24 ---
24 
 
With respect to the obligations foncières and other privileged notes, relevant claims for the purposes of the BRRD 
Tool would include the claims of the holders in respect of any Notes issued under the Programme, only if and to 
the extent that the notes liability exceeded the value of the cover pool collateral against which it is secured. In such 
case and to such extent, the write-down or conversion requirements could result in the full (i.e., to zero) or partial 
write-down or conversion into ordinary shares or other instruments of ownership of the Notes, or the variation of 
the terms of Notes (for example, the maturity and/or interest payable may be altered and/or a temporary suspension 
of payments may be ordered).  
The application of any resolution measure and the use of any BRRD Tool, or any suggestion of such application 
or use with respect to the Borrower and its group, could materially adversely affect the rights of the Noteholders, 
the price or value of an investment in the Notes and/or the ability of the Issuer to satisfy its obligations under the 
Notes. As a result, investors could lose all or a substantial part of all their investments in the Notes.  
However, it is to be noted that, pursuant to Articles L.513-12 and R.513-8 of the French Monetary and Financial 
Code, the Issuer shall maintain at all time a minimum legal cover ratio of at least one hundred and five per cent 
(105%) between its eligible assets (including liquid assets or short term exposures to credit institutions) and the 
total amount of its liabilities benefiting from the Privilège. My Money Bank and the Issuer have entered into 
agreements in order to ensure, by transferring to the Issuer additional Eligible Assets or otherwise, that the Issuer 
will, at all times, maintain a coverage ratio between its Eligible Assets and its Notes equal to or greater than one 
hundred and five per cent (105%) (see section entitled "Description of the Issuer"). On 31 December 2021, the 
asset cover ratio was equal to 117.76%. 
B. 
Risks related to the market 
The market value of the Notes will be affected by the creditworthiness of the Issuer and/or the rating of the Notes 
and a number of additional factors, including but not limited to, the volatility of market interest and yield rates and 
the time remaining to the maturity date. The value of the Notes depends on a number of interrelated factors, 
including economic, financial and political events in France or elsewhere, including factors affecting capital 
markets generally and the stock exchanges on which the Notes are traded. The price at which a Noteholder will be 
able to sell the Notes prior to maturity may be at a discount, which could be substantial, from the issue price or the 
purchase price paid by such purchaser.  
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market does develop, 
it may not be liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that will provide 
them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market. This is particularly 
the case for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are designed for specific 
investment objectives or strategies or have been structured to meet the investment requirements of limited 
categories of investors. These types of Notes generally would have a more limited secondary market and more 
price volatility than conventional debt securities. Illiquidity may have an adverse effect on the market value of 
Notes. Although applications have been made for the Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to trading 
on Euronext Paris, such application may not be accepted, that any particular Tranche of Notes will be so admitted 
or that an active trading market will develop. 
In addition, the prevailing and widely reported global credit market conditions (which continue at the date of this 
Base Prospectus) cause a general lack of liquidity in the secondary market for instruments similar to the Notes. 
Such lack of liquidity may result in investors suffering losses on the Notes in secondary resales even if there is no 
decline in the credit strength of the Issuer or the performance of the Collateral Security Assets. The Issuer cannot 
predict when these circumstances will change and if and when they do whether there will be a more liquid market 
for the Notes and instruments similar to the Notes at that time. 
Furthermore, the secondary market for securities is currently experiencing significantly reduced liquidity, which 
could limit investors' ability to resell Notes and materially and adversely affect the market value of the Notes. 
As a result, investors could lose a substantial part or all of their investments in the Notes. 
IV. 
RISKS RELATED TO THE STRUCTURE OF A PARTICULAR ISSUE OF NOTES  
A wide range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may have features which 
present particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of the most common of such features: 
A. 
Risks related to the interest payable in respect of the Notes 
1. 
Fixed Rate Notes 
Condition 5(b) allows for the issuance of Notes that pay a fixed rate of interest to Noteholders. Investment in Notes 
which bear interest at a fixed rate (a "Fixed Rate") involves the risk that inflation or subsequent changes in market

--- Page 25 ---
25 
 
interest rates may materially and adversely affect the value, the liquidity and the yield of the relevant Fixed Rate 
Notes.  
While the nominal interest rate of a Fixed Rate Note is determined during the term of such Note or within a given 
period of time, the market interest rate (the "Market Interest Rate") typically varies on a daily basis. As the 
Market Interest Rate changes, the price of the Note varies in the opposite direction. If the Market Interest Rate 
increases, the price of the Note typically decreases, until the yield of the Note equals approximately the Market 
Interest Rate. If the Market Interest Rate decreases, the price of a Fixed Rate Note typically increases, until the 
yield of the notes equals approximately the Market Interest Rate.  
Movements of the Market Interest Rate can adversely affect the price of the Notes and can lead to losses for 
Noteholders if they sell Notes during the period in which the Market Interest Rate exceeds the Fixed Rate of the 
Notes. 
2. 
Floating Rate Notes 
Condition 5(c) allows for the issuance of Notes that pay a floating rate of interest to Noteholders.  
A key difference between Fixed Rate Notes and Floating Rate Notes is that interest income on Floating Rate Notes 
cannot be anticipated. Due to varying interest income, investors are not able to determine a definite yield of 
Floating Rate Notes at the time they purchase them, so that their return on investment cannot be compared with 
that of investments having fixed interest periods.  
If the Terms and Conditions of Floating Rate Notes provide for frequent interest payment dates, investors are 
exposed to the reinvestment risk if market interest rates decline. That is, investors may reinvest the interest income 
paid to them only at the relevant lower interest rates then prevailing. It is difficult to anticipate future market 
volatility in interest rates, but any such volatility may have a negative effect on the yield of Floating Rate Notes 
and give rise to reinvestment risk. As a result, investors could lose a substantial part or all of their investments in 
the Notes. 
3. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes, Fixed/Fixed Rate Notes and Floating/Floating Rate Notes 
Condition 5(d) allows for the issuance of Notes that pay a fixed/floating rate, fixed/fixed rate and floating/floating 
rate of interest to Noteholders. Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that will automatically, or that 
the Issuer may elect to, convert from a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate, or from a Floating Rate to a Fixed rate. 
Fixed/Fixed Rate Notes and Floating/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that the Issuer may elect to 
convert from a fixed rate to a different fixed rate or from a floating rate to a different floating rate. The conversion 
(whether automatic or optional) may materially and adversely affect the secondary market and the market value 
of such Notes since it may lead to a lower overall cost of borrowing. If a Fixed Rate is converted to a Floating 
Rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads on 
comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new Floating Rate at any time 
may be lower than the rates on other Notes. If a Floating Rate is converted to a Fixed Rate, the Fixed Rate may be 
lower than then prevailing rates on its Notes. As a result, investors could lose a substantial part of all their 
investments in the Notes. 
4. 
Reform and regulation of Benchmarks 
Pursuant to Condition 5(c) and if so specified in the relevant Final Terms for a Series of Floating Rate Notes, the 
Rate of Interest on such Floating Rate Notes will be determined by reference to interest rates and indices which 
are deemed to be Benchmarks (such as EURIBOR, €STR or EUR CMS).  
Such Benchmarks have been the subject of recent international, national and other regulatory guidance and 
proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective while others are still to be implemented. These 
reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform differently from the past or disappear entirely, to be subject to 
revised calculation methods, or have other consequences that cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could 
have a material adverse effect on any Floating Rate Note to or referencing any such Benchmarks. 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the Council dated 8 June 2016 on indices used as 
benchmarks in financial instruments and financial contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds 
(the "Benchmark Regulation") was published in the European official journal on 29 June 2016 with the majority 
of its provisions applying from 1 January 2018. The Benchmark Regulation (i) requires administrators to be 
authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or 
endorsed) and to comply with extensive requirements in relation to the administration of Benchmarks (or, if non 
EU based, to be subject to equivalent requirements) and (ii) prevents certain uses by EU supervised entities of 
Benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if non EU based, deemed equivalent or 
recognised or endorsed). In the United Kingdom, the Benchmark Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic law 
by virtue of European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 provides for equivalent sets of rules.

--- Page 26 ---
26 
 
The Benchmark Regulation could have a material impact on any Floating Rate Notes traded on a trading venue or 
via a "systematic internaliser" linked to a Benchmark index. Notably, the methodology or other terms of the 
Benchmark could be changed in order to comply with the terms of the Benchmark Regulation, and such changes 
could (amongst other things) have the effect of reducing or increasing the rate or level or affecting the volatility of 
the published rate or level of the Benchmark. It could potentially lead to the Notes being de-listed, adjusted or 
redeemed early or otherwise impacted depending on the particular Benchmark and the applicable terms of the 
Notes or have other material and adverse effects or unforeseen consequences. 
More broadly, any of the international, national or regulatory reforms, or any enhanced regulatory scrutiny of 
Benchmarks, or any further uncertainty in relation to the timing and manner of implementation of such changes, 
could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a benchmark and 
complying with any such regulations or requirements. Such factors may have the effect on certain Benchmarks 
(such as EURIBOR, €STR or EUR CMS) of (i) discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or 
contribute to the relevant Benchmark, (ii) triggering changes in the rules or the methodologies used in the relevant 
Benchmark or (iii) leading to the disappearance of the relevant Benchmark.  
Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of international, national or other 
proposals for reform or other initiatives or investigations, could have a significant adverse effect on the market 
value of and return on any Notes linked to or referencing a Benchmark. 
If a benchmark were discontinued or otherwise unavailable, the rate of interest on Floating Rate Notes which are 
linked to or which reference such benchmark will be determined for the relevant period by the fall-back provisions 
applicable to such Floating Rate Notes (it being specified that in case of discontinuation of the Relevant Rate or 
occurrence of an Administrator/Benchmark Event, a specific fall-back shall apply - please refer to the risk factor 
entitled "The discontinuance of the Relevant Rate or occurrence of an Administrator/Benchmark Event could have 
a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Floating Rate Notes linked to or referencing such 
Benchmarks" below). However, such fall-back provisions may be deviated from if deemed unsuitable by the 
Commission or the relevant national authority, as further explained below. 
The Benchmarks Regulation was notably amended by Regulation (EU) 2021/168 of the European Parliament and 
of the Council of 10 February 2021 which introduces a harmonised approach to deal with the cessation or wind-
down of certain Benchmarks (such as EURIBOR) by conferring the power to designate a statutory replacement 
for said Benchmarks on the Commission or the relevant national authority, such replacement being limited to 
contracts and financial instruments (such as certain Notes issued under the Programme) which contain no fallback 
provision or no suitable fallback provisions before the date of cessation of the Benchmark concerned. For instance, 
if pursuant to a fallback provision included in the Condition 5(c)(iii) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes a 
Benchmark is replaced by a Benchmark which no longer reflects or which significantly diverges from the 
underlying market or the economic reality that the Benchmark in cessation is intended to measure, a statutory 
replacement of such Benchmark may be designated. This replacement could have a negative impact on the value 
or liquidity of, and return on, certain Notes issued under the Programme linked to or referencing such Benchmark 
and may not operate as intended at the relevant time or may perform differently from the discontinued or otherwise 
unavailable Benchmark. 
In addition, Regulation (EU) 2021/168 is subject to further development through delegated regulations, the 
transitional provisions applicable to third-country Benchmarks are extended until the end of 2023 and the 
Commission is empowered to further extend this period until the end of 2025, if necessary. There are therefore 
still details to be clarified in relation to the potential impact of these legislative developments. Such developments 
may create uncertainty regarding any future legislative or regulatory requirements arising from the implementation 
of delegated regulations. 
5. 
The discontinuance of the Relevant Rate or occurrence of an Administrator/Benchmark 
Event could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Floating Rate 
Notes linked to or referencing such Benchmarks 
Where FBF Determination, ISDA Determination or Screen Rate Determination are specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest in respect of any Floating Rate Notes is to be determined 
and the relevant rate has been discontinued or an Administrator/Benchmark Event (applicable only in case of 
Screen Rate Determination as further described in Condition 5(c)(iii)(D), it being specified that this Condition 
shall not apply to €STR) has occurred, the Rate of Interest on the affected Floating Rate Notes will be changed in 
ways that may be adverse to holders of such Floating Rate Notes, without any requirement that the consent of such 
holders be obtained. 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of 
Interest is to be determined, pursuant to the Terms and Conditions of any applicable Floating Rate Notes, fallback 
arrangements include the possibility that the Rate of Interest could be set by reference to a Successor Rate or an

--- Page 27 ---
27 
 
Alternative Rate (both as defined in Condition 5(c)(iii)(D)), and may include concomitant changes to the Terms 
and Conditions of the relevant affected Floating Rate Notes necessary to make the Replacement Relevant Rate (as 
defined in Condition 5(c)(iii)(D)) as comparable as possible to the Original Reference Rate, all as determined by 
the Relevant Rate Determination Agent. Such Replacement Relevant Rate and any such other changes will (in the 
absence of manifest error) be final and binding on the Noteholders, the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, the Fiscal 
Agent and any other person and each Noteholder shall be deemed to have accepted the Replacement Relevant Rate 
and such related changes and adjustments which will thenceforth apply to the relevant Floating Rate Notes. 
Given the uncertainty concerning the availability of Successor Rates or Alternative Rates, the involvement of a 
Relevant Rate Determination Agent and potential for further regulatory developments, the relevant fallback 
provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time and the Replacement Relevant Rate may perform 
differently from the discontinued Benchmark. In addition, pursuant to Regulation (EU) 2021/168 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 10 February 2021, they may be deviated from if deemed unsuitable by the 
Commission or the relevant national authority.  
If the Relevant Rate Determination Agent is unable to determine an appropriate Replacement Relevant Rate for 
any Relevant Rate on or prior to the next following Interest Determination Date(as defined in Condition 5(a)), then 
the provisions for the determination of the Rate of Interest on the affected Floating Rate Notes will not be changed. 
In such cases, the Terms and Conditions of the Notes provide that the Rate of Interest on such Notes shall be the 
Rate of Interest determined on the previous Interest Determination Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent 
(i.e. which may result in the effective application of a fixed rate). In such circumstances and a rising interest rate 
environment, holders of Notes will, consequently, not benefit from any increase in rates. The trading value of such 
Notes could therefore be adversely affected. 
Moreover, any of the above matters or any other significant change to the setting or existence of any relevant rate 
could affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Floating Rate Notes or could have a material 
adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and the amount payable under, the Floating Rate Notes. Investors 
should note that the Relevant Rate Determination Agent will have discretion to adjust the relevant Successor 
Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) in the circumstances described above. Any such adjustment could have 
unexpected commercial consequences and, due to the particular circumstances of each Noteholders, any such 
adjustment may not be favourable to each Noteholder. 
6. 
Risks related to Notes which are linked to €STR 
Under Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(d), the applicable Final Terms for a Series of Floating Rate Notes may identify that 
the Rate of Interest for such Notes will be determined by reference to the interest rate representing the wholesale 
Euro unsecured overnight borrowing costs of banks located in the Euro area ("€STR").  
The market continues to develop in relation to €STR as a reference rate in the capital markets and its adoption as 
an alternative to EONIA. 
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of €STR that differs significantly from that set 
out in the relevant Terms and Conditions and used in relation to Floating Rate Notes that reference a €STR rate 
issued under this Base Prospectus. 
The nascent development of €STR as an interest reference rate for the Eurobond markets, as well as continued 
development of €STR- based rates for such markets and the market infrastructure for adopting such rates, could 
result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility or could otherwise affect the market price of the Floating Rate 
Notes. 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes that reference a €STR rate is only capable of being determined at the end of the 
relevant Interest Period and shortly prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. It may be difficult for investors in 
Floating Rate Notes that reference a €STR rate to reliably estimate the amount of interest that will be payable on 
such Floating Rate Notes. 
In addition, the manner of adoption or application of €STR reference rates in the Eurobond markets may differ 
materially compared with the application and adoption of €STR in other markets, such as the derivative and loan 
markets. 
B. 
Risks related to the redemption of the Notes 
1. 
Notes subject to optional redemption by the Issuer 
Condition 6(c) allows for the issuance of Notes that are subject to an optional redemption by the Issuer. Such an 
optional redemption feature is likely to limit their market value. During any period when the Issuer may elect to 
redeem Notes, the market value of such Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price at which they

--- Page 28 ---
28 
 
can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period.  
The redeemed face amount of the Notes may be lower than the purchase price for the Notes paid by the 
Noteholders. As a consequence, part of the capital invested by the Noteholder may be lost, so that the Noteholder 
in such case would not receive the total amount of the capital invested.  
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the 
Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective 
interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly 
lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that time. 
In addition, the exercise of a redemption option by the Issuer only for certain Notes may affect the liquidity for the 
other Notes of the same Series for which the option has not been exercised. On the basis of the number of Notes 
of the same Series for which the redemption option provided in the relevant Final Terms was exercised, the 
securities market for which such redemption right was not exercised could become illiquid. 
2. 
Notes with soft bullet maturity may be redeemed after their initial maturity date 
Condition 6(a) allows for the issuance of Notes with soft bullet maturity (the "Soft Bullet Notes"). Within the 
conditions of Article L.513-30 and Article R.513-8-1 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, the Final 
Maturity Date of such Soft Bullet Notes may be extended upon the occurrence of an Extension Trigger Event at 
the latest to the Extended Final Maturity Date, twelve (12) months after the Final Maturity Date. The payment of 
the Final Redemption Amount may be automatically deferred and shall become due and payable at the latest on 
the Extended Final Maturity Date if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, provided that all or part of the Final 
Redemption Amount unpaid on the Final Maturity Date may be paid by the Issuer on any Interest Payment Date 
occurring thereafter up to and including the relevant Extended Final Maturity Date. Interest will continue to accrue 
on any unpaid amount during such extended period at the relevant applicable Rate of Interest and will be payable 
on each Interest Payment Date and on the Extended Final Maturity Date, all as specified in the relevant Final Terms 
and in accordance with the applicable Conditions.  
The extension of the maturity of the Notes from the Maturity Date to, at the latest, the Extended Maturity Date 
will not result in any right of the Noteholders to accelerate payments or take action against the Issuer and will 
result in a delay of payments of principal on the relevant Notes. As a result, investors may not be repaid in full at 
the Final Maturity Date but at the Extended Final Maturity Date and the liquidity and market value of the Notes 
between the Final Maturity Date and the Extended Final Maturity Date might be significantly affected. 
In addition, the situation of the Issuer may change between the Final Maturity Date and the Extended Final 
Maturity Date and the provisions relating to interest payable after the Final Maturity Date of any Soft Bullet Notes 
may differ from that those relating to interest payable before such Final Maturity Date. 
C. 
Risks related to the rating of the Notes 
Notes issued under the Programme are expected to be rated AAA by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P"). 
The credit rating of the Notes will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
The ratings to be assigned to the Notes by S&P take into account the Privilège, the Loan Receivables, the related 
security, the properties, the structure of the Notes, the financial situation of the Borrower and other relevant 
structural features of the transaction and the laws and regulations applicable to sociétés de crédit foncier, and 
reflect only the views of S&P. The credit rating to be assigned by S&P reflect the likelihood of full and timely 
payment of interest due on the relevant Series on each relevant payment date and full payment of principal to the 
holders of the Notes of the relevant Series on the relevant Final Maturity Date (or the relevant Extended Final 
Maturity Date, as the case may be). 
Any absence or untimely delivery of a rating affirmation as well as any decline of the credit rating of any 
outstanding Notes may adversely affect the value of such outstanding Notes and/or the ability of the Noteholders 
to sell such outstanding Notes, increase the Issuer's cost of borrowing and adversely affect the Issuer's ability to 
issue new Notes. As of 31 December 2021, the amount of the outstanding Notes issued by the Issuer was equal to 
2,100 million euros. 
Credit rating agencies, other than S&P, could seek to rate the Notes without being requested to do so by the Issuer 
and if such unsolicited ratings are lower than the comparable rating assigned to the Notes by S&P, those unsolicited 
ratings could have an adverse effect on the liquidity, the value and/or the marketability of the Notes. For the 
avoidance of doubt and unless the context otherwise requires, any references to "ratings" or "rating" in this Base 
Prospectus are to ratings assigned by S&P only. 
Any credit ratings assigned to the Notes may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, 
additional factors discussed in this section, and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes and the ability 
of the Issuer to make payments under the Notes (including but not limited to market conditions and funding related

--- Page 29 ---
29 
 
and operational risks inherent to the business of the Issuer).

--- Page 30 ---
30 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO NON-EXEMPT OFFERS 
Certain tranches of Notes with a specified denomination of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other 
currency at the date of the issue of such tranches of Notes) may be offered in circumstances where there is no 
exemption from the requirement to publish a prospectus under Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation (a "Non-
exempt Offer") under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council dated 
14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on 
a regulated market, as amended (the "Prospectus Regulation") in each state from amongst member states of the 
European Union for which the Issuer has given its consent referred to in the relevant Final Terms (a "Non-Exempt 
Offer Jurisdiction"). 
The consent to the use of the Prospectus (as defined below) relates to the Offer Periods (if any and as defined 
below) beginning within twelve (12) months from the date of the approval of this Base Prospectus by the AMF. 
In the context of a Non-exempt Offer, the Issuer may, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, consent to the 
use of the Base Prospectus, together with any supplement with respect thereto that may be published from time to 
time and the relevant Final Terms (together, the "Prospectus") in connection with a Non-exempt Offer of any 
Notes during the offer period specified in the relevant Final Terms (the "Offer Period") and in the Non-Exempt 
Offer Jurisdiction(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms by:  
(i) 
any financial intermediary authorised to make such offers pursuant to Directive 2014/65/EU of the 
European Parliament and of the Council dated 15 May 2014 on markets in financial instruments, as 
amended, as specified and subject to conditions set out in the relevant Final Terms; or  
(ii) 
if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, any financial intermediary which satisfies the following 
conditions: (a) acts in accordance with all applicable laws, rules, regulations and recommendations of any 
applicable regulatory bodies (the "Rules"), from time to time including, without limitation and in each case, 
Rules relating to both the appropriateness or suitability of any investment in the Notes by any person and 
disclosure to any potential investor; (b) complies with the restrictions set out under section entitled 
"Subscription and Sale" which would apply as if it were a Dealer; (c) complies with the target market and 
distribution channels identified under the "MiFID II product governance" legend set out in the applicable 
Final Terms; (d) ensures that any fee (and any commissions or benefits of any kind) received or paid by 
that financial intermediary in relation to the offer or sale of the Notes is fully and clearly disclosed to 
investors or potential investors; (e) holds all licences, consents, approvals and permits required in 
connection with solicitation of interest in, or offers or sales of, the Notes under the Rules; (f) retains investor 
identification records for at least the minimum period required under applicable Rules, and shall, if so 
requested, make such records available to the relevant Dealer(s) and the Issuer or directly to the appropriate 
authorities with jurisdiction over the Issuer and/or the relevant Dealer(s) in order to enable the Issuer and/or 
the relevant Dealer(s) to comply with the Rules relating to anti-money laundering, prevention of corruption 
and "know your client" rules applying to the Issuer and/or the relevant Dealer(s); (g) does not, directly or 
indirectly, cause the Issuer or the relevant Dealer(s) to breach any Rule or any requirement to obtain or 
make any filing, authorisation or consent in any jurisdiction; and (h) satisfies any further conditions 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
(in each case an "Authorised Offeror"). For the avoidance of doubt, none of the Dealers or the Issuer shall have 
any obligation to ensure that an Authorised Offeror complies with applicable laws and regulations and shall 
therefore have no liability in this respect.  
The Issuer accepts responsibility, in the Non-Exempt Offer Jurisdiction(s) specified in the Final Terms, for the 
content of the Prospectus in relation to any person (an "Investor") in such Non-Exempt Offer Jurisdiction(s) to 
whom an offer of any Notes is made by any Authorised Offeror and where the offer is made during the period for 
which that consent is given and in compliance with all other conditions attached to the giving of the consent. 
However, neither the Issuer nor any Dealer has any responsibility for any of the actions of any Authorised Offeror, 
including compliance by an Authorised Offeror with applicable conduct of business rules or other local regulatory 
requirements or other securities law requirements in relation to such offer.  
The consent referred to above relates to Offer Periods (if any) occurring in the periods beginning and ending on 
the dates specified for such purpose in the relevant Final Terms relating to such Non-exempt Offers and provided 
that the relevant Final Terms have been duly published and specify that Non-exempt Offers may be made to the 
public in Non-Exempt Offer Jurisdictions, all in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation. 
In the event the Final Terms designate financial intermediary(ies) to whom the Issuer has given its consent to use 
the Prospectus during an Offer Period, the Issuer may also give consent to additional Authorised Offerors after the 
date of the relevant Final Terms and, if it does so, it will publish any new information in relation to such Authorised 
Offerors who are unknown at the time of the approval of this Base Prospectus or the filing of the relevant Final

--- Page 31 ---
31 
 
Terms on the websites of My Money Bank (www.mymoneybank.com/en/organization/investor-reports) and of the 
AMF (www.amf-france.org). 
If the Final Terms specify that any financial intermediary may use the Prospectus during the Offer Period, 
any such Authorised Offeror is required, for the duration of the Offer Period, to publish on its website a 
statement confirming that it is using the Prospectus for the relevant Non-exempt Offer with the consent of 
the Issuer and in accordance with the conditions attached thereto.  
Other than as set out above, neither the Issuer nor any of the Dealers has authorised the making of any Non-exempt 
Offer by any person in any circumstances and such person is not permitted to use the Prospectus in connection 
with its offer of any Notes. Any such offers are not made on behalf of the Issuer or by any of the Dealers or 
Authorised Offerors and none of the Issuer or any of the Dealers or Authorised Offerors has any responsibility or 
liability for the actions of any person making such offers.  
An Investor intending to acquire or acquiring any Notes from an Authorised Offeror will do so, and offers 
and sales of the Notes to an Investor by an Authorised Offeror will be made, in accordance with any terms 
and other arrangements in place between such Authorised Offeror and such Investor including as to the 
price, allotment, settlement/delivery arrangements and any costs or taxes to be invoiced to the Investor (the 
"Terms and Conditions of the Non-exempt Offer"). The Issuer will not be a party to any such arrangements 
with Investors (other than Dealers) in connection with the offer or sale of the Notes and, accordingly, the 
Base Prospectus and any Final Terms will not contain such information. The Terms and Conditions of the 
Non-exempt Offer shall be provided to Investors by that Authorised Offeror at the time of the Non-exempt 
Offer. Neither the Issuer nor any of the Dealers or other Authorised Offerors has any responsibility or 
liability for such information or the consequences of its use by the relevant Investors.

--- Page 32 ---
32 
 
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
If at any time between the date on which this Base Prospectus has been approved and 19 July 2023, a significant 
new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to the information included in this base prospectus 
(the "Base Prospectus") which may affect the assessment of the Notes arises or is noted, the Issuer shall prepare 
and make available a supplement to this Base Prospectus (each a "Supplement") as required by the provisions of 
Article 23 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council dated 14 June 2017 on 
the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated 
market, as amended (the "Prospectus Regulation") or a restated Base Prospectus.  
Where the relevant Final Terms relate to an offer of Notes to the public, investors who have already agreed to 
purchase or subscribe Notes before the publication of the supplement to the Base Prospectus benefit from a 
withdrawal right within a time limit of three (3) working days after the publication of such supplement pursuant 
to Article 23.2 (bis) of the Prospectus Regulation or, as from 1 January 2023, two (2) working days after the 
publication of such supplement pursuant to Article 23.2 of the Prospectus Regulation provided that the new factor, 
material mistake or material inaccuracy referred to in Article 23.1 of the Prospectus Regulation arose or was noted 
before the final closing of the offer or the delivery of the Notes, whichever occurs first. That period may be 
extended by the Issuer or, if any, the relevant Authorised Offeror(s). The date on which the withdrawal period ends 
will be stated in the relevant supplement to the Base Prospectus. On 19 July 2023, this Base Prospectus, as 
supplemented (as the case may be), will expire and the obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event 
of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies will no longer apply. 
Any supplement to the Base Prospectus shall be (a) published on the websites of (i) the AMF (www.amf-
france.org) and (ii) My Money Bank (www.mymoneybank.com/en/organization/investor-reports) and (b) 
available for inspection and obtainable, upon request and free of charge, during usual business hours, on any 
weekday at the registered office of the Issuer (Tour Europlaza - 20, avenue André Prothin - 92063 Paris La Défense 
Cedex - France).

--- Page 33 ---
33 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
This Base Prospectus shall be read and construed in conjunction with the following documents which have been 
previously or simultaneously filed with the Autorité des marchés financiers (the "AMF") and which are 
incorporated in, and shall be deemed to form part of, this Base Prospectus:  
(a) 
the French language audited financial statements of the Issuer for the fiscal year ended 31 December 2021 
and the statutory auditors' report with respect thereto (the "2021 Financial Statements", 
https://www.mymoneybank.com/sites/corporate/files/medias/document/2022-05/MMB%20SCF%20-
%20Rapport%20Financier%20Annuel%2031%2012%202021.pdf); 
(b) 
the French language audited financial statements of the Issuer for the fiscal year ended 31 December 2020 
and the statutory auditors' report with respect thereto (the "2020 Financial Statements", 
https://www.mymoneybank.com/sites/corporate/files/medias/document/2021-04/MMB-SCF%20-
%20Rapport-Financier-Annuel%2031-12-2020.pdf); 
and for the purpose only of further issues of Notes to be assimilated (assimilées) and form a single series with 
Notes already issued under the previous Conditions: 
(c) 
the section entitled "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" set out on pages 78 to 102 of the base prospectus 
of the Issuer dated 12 September 2018 (which received visa no. 18-425 from the AMF) (the "2018 
Conditions", 
https://www.mymoneybank.com/sites/corporate/files/2018-09/Base%20Prospectus.pdf); 
and 
(d) 
the section entitled "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" set out on pages 79 to 103 of the base prospectus 
of the Issuer dated 24 April 2019 (which received visa no. 19-170 from the AMF) (the "2019 Conditions", 
https://www.mymoneybank.com/sites/corporate/files/2019-04/Base%20Prospectus%20-
%2020190424.PDF); 
(e) 
the section entitled "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" set out on pages 33 to 62 of the base prospectus 
of the Issuer dated 20 July 2020 (which received approval no. 20-364 from the AMF) (the "2020 
Conditions", 
https://www.mymoneybank.com/sites/corporate/files/2020-08/MMB%20SCF%20-
%20Base%20Prospectus%20-%2020200720.pdf); and 
(f) 
the section entitled "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" set out on pages 35 to 64 of the base prospectus 
of the Issuer dated 16 July 2021 (which received approval no. 21-328 from the AMF) (the "2020 
Conditions", 
https://www.mymoneybank.com/sites/corporate/files/medias/document/2021-
07/MMB%20SCF%20-%20Base%20Prospectus%20-%202021%20-%20EN.pdf, and together with the 
2018 Conditions, the 2019 Conditions and the 2020 Conditions, the "EMTN Previous Conditions"). 
All documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus may be obtained, without charge upon request, 
during usual business hours on any weekday, at the registered office of the Issuer (Tour Europlaza - 20, avenue 
André Prothin - 92063 Paris La Défense Cedex - France) so long as any of the Notes are outstanding. Such 
documents 
will 
be 
published 
on 
the 
website 
of 
My 
Money 
Bank 
(www.mymoneybank.com/en/organization/investor-reports). 
The information incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus shall be read in connection with the cross-
reference lists below. For the avoidance of doubt, the sections of the documents listed above which are not included 
in the cross-reference lists below are not incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus and are either not 
relevant for investors or are covered elsewhere in the Base Prospectus. 
The first cross-reference list below cross-references the information incorporated by reference in the Base 
Prospectus with the main heading required under Annex 6 of the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2019/980 supplementing the Prospectus Regulation, as amended.

--- Page 34 ---
34 
 
Cross reference list relating to the 2020 Financial Statements and the 2021 Financial Statements 
of the Issuer for the fiscal years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2021 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY 
REFERENCE 
(Annex 6 of the Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2019/980 dated 14 March 2019) 
REFERENCE 
11. 
FINANCIAL 
INFORMATION
CONCERNING THE ISSUER'S ASSETS
AND 
LIABILITIES, 
FINANCIAL
POSITION AND PROFITS AND LOSSES 
Information of the 2020 
Financial Statements 
incorporated by reference 
Information of the 2021 
Financial Statements 
incorporated by reference 
7.2 Information on any known trends, 
uncertainties, demands, commitments or 
events that are reasonably likely to have a 
material effect on the issuer's prospects for 
at least the current financial year 
- 
Pages 6 and 9 
11.1 Historical financial information 
11.1.5 
- 
Balance sheet 
Page 20 
Pages 24 to 25 
- 
Income statement 
Page 21 
Page 26 
- 
Cash flow statement 
Page 33 
Page 48 
- 
Accounting policies and 
explanatory notes 
Pages 23 to 35 
Pages 28 to 50 
11.3 Auditing of historical annual financial 
information 
 
 
- 
Auditors' report 
Pages 42 to 48 
Pages 62 to 69 
 
 
Cross reference list relating to the EMTN Previous Conditions 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY 
REFERENCE 
REFERENCE 
2018 Conditions 
Pages 78 to 102 of the base prospectus of the Issuer 
dated 12 September 2018 
2019 Conditions 
Pages 79 to 103 of the base prospectus of the Issuer 
dated 24 April 2019 
2020 Conditions 
Pages 33 to 62 of the base prospectus of the Issuer 
dated 20 July 2020 
2021 Conditions 
Pages 35 to 64 of the base prospectus of the Issuer 
dated 16 July 2021

--- Page 35 ---
35 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions that, as completed in accordance with the provisions of the 
relevant Final Terms (as defined below, and together with the terms and conditions below, the "Terms and 
Conditions"), shall be applicable to the Notes. 
References below to "Conditions" are, unless the context requires otherwise, to the numbered paragraphs below. 
In the case of Dematerialised Notes (as defined below), the text of the Terms and Conditions will not be endorsed 
on physical documents of title but will be constituted by the following text as completed by the relevant Final 
Terms. In the case of Materialised Notes (as defined below), either (i) the full text of these Conditions together 
with the relevant provisions of the Final Terms (and subject to simplification by the deletion of non-applicable 
provisions) or (ii) these Conditions as so completed shall be endorsed on Definitive Materialised Notes.  
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Conditions will have the meanings given to them in the relevant 
Final Terms.  
In this section, "Notes" refers only to Notes of one (1) Series and not to all Notes that may be issued under the 
Programme. 
The obligations foncières (the "Notes") will be issued by MMB SCF (the "Issuer") under the terms and conditions 
of the Notes, as completed by the relevant final terms (the "Final Terms") of such Tranche (as defined in 
Condition 1), as determined by the Issuer and the relevant dealer(s) appointed from time to time in respect of one 
(1) or more Tranches (each a "Dealer") at the time of the issue. 
The Notes will be issued with the benefit of an agency agreement dated the date hereof, as amended or 
supplemented from time to time (the "Agency Agreement") entered into between the Issuer, BNP Paribas 
Securities Services (as fiscal agent, paying agent and calculation agent). The fiscal agent, the paying agents and 
the calculation agent(s) for the time being (if any) are referred to below respectively as the "Fiscal Agent", the 
"Paying Agents" (which expression shall include the Fiscal Agent) and the "Calculation Agent(s)". The holders 
of the interest coupons relating to interest bearing Materialised Notes (the "Coupons") and, where applicable in 
the case of such Notes, talons for further Coupons (the "Talons") and the holders of the receipts for the payment 
of instalments of principal relating to Materialised Notes of which the principal is redeemable in instalments (the 
"Receipts") are respectively referred to below as the "Couponholders" and the "Receiptholders". 
1. 
Form, Denomination, Title and Method of Issue 
(a) 
Form 
The Notes are obligations foncières within the meaning of Article L.513-2 of the French Monetary and Financial 
Code. 
Notes may be issued either in dematerialised form ("Dematerialised Notes") or in materialised form 
("Materialised Notes"), as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(i) 
Title to Dematerialised Notes will be evidenced in accordance with Articles L.211-3 et seq. and R.211-1 et 
seq. of the French Code monétaire et financier (the "French Monetary and Financial Code") by book 
entries (inscriptions en compte). No physical document of title (including certificats représentatifs pursuant 
to Article R.211-7 of the French Monetary and Financial Code) will be delivered in respect of the 
Dematerialised Notes. 
Dematerialised Notes are issued, at the option of the Issuer, in either bearer form (au porteur), which will 
be inscribed in the books of Euroclear France (acting as central depositary) which shall credit the accounts 
of the Account Holders, or in registered form (au nominatif) and, in such latter case, at the option of the 
relevant holder in either administered registered form (nominatif administré) inscribed in the books of an 
Account Holder designated by the relevant holder of Notes or in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) 
inscribed in an account maintained by the Issuer or a registration agent (designated in the relevant Final 
Terms) acting on behalf of the Issuer (the "Registration Agent"). 
For the purpose of these Conditions, "Account Holder" means any authorised intermediary institution 
entitled to hold accounts, directly or indirectly, with Euroclear France, and includes Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
("Euroclear") and the depositary bank for Clearstream Banking, S.A. ("Clearstream"). 
(ii) 
Materialised Notes are issued in bearer form (au porteur) only. Materialised Notes in definitive form 
("Definitive Materialised Notes") are serially numbered and are issued with Coupons (and, where 
appropriate, a Talon) attached. Instalment Notes are issued with one (1) or more Receipts attached.

--- Page 36 ---
36 
 
In accordance with Articles L.211-3 et seq. and R.211-1 et seq. of the French Monetary and Financial Code, 
securities (such as Notes constituting obligations under French law) in materialised form and governed by 
French law must be issued outside the French territory. 
Materialised Notes and Dematerialised Notes may also be cleared through one (1) or more clearing 
system(s) other than or in addition to Euroclear France, Euroclear and/or Clearstream Luxembourg, as may 
be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
The Notes may be "Fixed Rate Notes", "Floating Rate Notes", "Fixed/Floating Rate Notes", 
"Fixed/Fixed Rate Notes", "Floating/Floating Rate Notes" or a combination of any of the foregoing, 
depending on the Interest Basis and the redemption method specified in this Base Prospectus as completed 
by the relevant Final Terms. 
(b) 
Denomination 
Notes shall be issued in the specified denomination(s) set out in the relevant Final Terms (the "Specified 
Denomination(s)"). 
Notes having a maturity of less than one (1) year will constitute deposits for the purposes of prohibition on 
accepting deposits contained in section 19 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the 
FSMA) unless they have a denomination of at least £100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency at the date 
of the issue of such Notes). 
Dematerialised Notes shall be issued in one (1) Specified Denomination only. 
(c) 
Title 
(i) 
Title to Dematerialised Notes in bearer form (au porteur) and in administered registered form (au nominatif 
administré) shall pass upon, and transfer of such Notes may only be effected through, registration of the 
transfer in the accounts of the Account Holders. Title to Dematerialised Notes in fully registered form (au 
nominatif pur) shall pass upon, and transfer of such Notes may only be effected through, registration of the 
transfer in the accounts maintained by the Issuer or by the Registration Agent. 
(ii) 
Title to Definitive Materialised Notes, including, where appropriate, Receipt(s), Coupons and/or a Talon 
attached, shall pass by delivery. 
(iii) 
Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the holder of any Note, 
Coupon, Receipt or Talon shall be deemed to be and may be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes, 
whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, or an interest in it, any writing on it 
or its theft or loss and no person shall be liable for so treating such holder. 
(d) 
Method of Issue 
The Notes will be issued on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. The Notes will be issued in series (each a 
"Series") having one (1) or more issue dates. The Notes of each Series will be interchangeable with all other Notes 
of that Series. Each Series of Notes may be issued in tranches (each a "Tranche") on the same or different issue 
date(s) and on terms identical to the terms of other Tranches of the same Series, save in respect of the issue date, 
issue price, first payment of interest and aggregate nominal amount of the Tranche (as the case may be).  
2. 
Conversions and Exchanges of Notes 
(a) 
Dematerialised Notes  
(i) 
Dematerialised Notes issued in bearer form (au porteur) may not be converted for Dematerialised Notes in 
registered form (au nominatif), whether in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) or in administered 
registered form (au nominatif administré). 
(ii) 
Dematerialised Notes issued in registered form (au nominatif) may not be converted for Dematerialised 
Notes in bearer form (au porteur). 
(iii) 
Dematerialised Notes issued in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) may, at the option of the holder of 
such Notes, be converted into Notes in administered registered form (au nominatif administré), and vice 
versa. The exercise of any such option by such Noteholder shall be made in accordance with Article R.211-
4 of the French Monetary and Financial Code. Any such conversion shall be effected at the cost of such 
Noteholder. 
For the purpose of these Conditions, "Noteholder" or, as the case may be, "holder of any Notes" means:

--- Page 37 ---
37 
 
(i) 
in the case of Dematerialised Notes, the individual or entity whose name appears in the account of 
the relevant Account Holder, the Issuer or the Registration Agent (as the case may be) as being 
entitled to such Notes;  
(ii) 
in the case of Definitive Materialised Notes, the bearer of any Definitive Materialised Notes and the 
Coupons, Talons or Receipts relating to it; and  
(iii) 
in the case of Materialised Notes in respect of which a Temporary Global Certificate has been issued 
and is outstanding, each person (other than a clearing institution) who appears as the holder of such 
Notes or of a particular nominal amount of interests in such Notes, in accordance with the applicable 
laws and regulations and with the applicable rules and procedure of any relevant clearing institution 
including, without limitation, Euroclear France, Euroclear or Clearstream, as appropriate. 
(b) 
Materialised Notes 
Materialised Notes of one (1) Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Materialised Notes of another 
Specified Denomination. 
3. 
Status 
The Notes, and where applicable, any related Coupons and Receipts constitute direct, unconditional, 
unsubordinated and, pursuant to the provisions of Condition 4, privileged obligations of the Issuer and rank and 
will rank pari passu without any preference among themselves and equally and rateably with all other present or 
future notes (including the Notes of all other Series) and other resources raised by the Issuer benefiting from the 
statutory priority right of payment (privilège) created by Article L.513-11 of the French Monetary and Financial 
Code and described in Condition 4. 
4. 
Privilège 
(a) 
The principal and interest of the Notes, and where applicable, any related Coupons and Receipts benefit 
from the statutory priority right of payment (privilège) created by Article L.513-11 of the French Monetary 
and Financial Code (the "Privilège"). 
(b) 
Accordingly, notwithstanding any legal provisions to the contrary (including book VI (Livre VI) of the 
French Code de commerce (the "French Commercial Code") relating to the difficulties of companies 
(difficultés des entreprises)), pursuant to Article L.513-11 of the French Monetary and Financial Code:  
(i) 
all amounts payable to the Issuer in respect of loans or assimilated receivables, exposures, securities 
and deposits (dépôts) referred to in Articles L.513-3 to L.513-7 of the French Monetary and 
Financial Code and forward financial instruments referred to in Article L.513-10 of the French 
Monetary and Financial Code including any mortgage, charge, lien or other guarantee or indemnity 
relating thereto, and the forward financial instruments used for hedging as referred to in 
Article L.513-10 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (in each case after any applicable set-
off), together with the receivables in respect of deposits made by the Issuer with credit institutions 
(établissements de crédit), are allocated by way of priority to the payment of any sums due in respect 
of the Notes, together with any other resources raised by the Issuer and benefiting from the Privilège; 
it should be noted that not only Notes benefit from the Privilège; other resources (such as loans) and 
forward financial instruments (i.e. derivative transactions) for hedging Notes, such other resources 
and eligible assets of the Issuer, as well as the sums, if any, due under the contract provided for in 
Article L.513-15 of the French Monetary and Financial Code may also benefit from the Privilège;  
(ii) 
in the event of safeguard proceedings (procédure de sauvegarde), judicial reorganisation 
proceedings (procédure de redressement judiciaire) or judicial liquidation proceedings (procédure 
de liquidation judiciaire) or resolution proceedings (procédure de résolution) pursuant to Article 
L.613-49 of the French Monetary and Financial Code opened against the Issuer, all amounts due 
regularly under the Notes, together with any other resources benefiting from the Privilège, are paid 
on their contractual due date, and by way of priority to all other debts, whether or not preferred, 
including interest resulting from agreements whatever their duration; and 
(iii) 
until all Noteholders and, together with other creditors benefiting from the Privilège, have been fully 
paid, no other creditor of the Issuer may avail itself of any right over the assets and rights of the 
Issuer either in principal or interest. 
(c) 
The safeguard proceedings (procédure de sauvegarde), judicial reorganisation proceedings (procédure de 
redressement judiciaire), judicial liquidation proceedings (procédure de liquidation judiciaire) or 
resolution proceedings (procédure de résolution) pursuant to Article L.613-49 of the French Monetary and 
Financial Code opened against the Issuer will not result in the acceleration of payment of the Notes. In

--- Page 38 ---
38 
 
addition, the same proceedings will not result by themselves in the alteration, set-off, suspension or 
termination of forward financial instruments entered into by the Issuer. 
5. 
Interest and other Calculations 
(a) 
Definitions 
In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall have the meanings set 
out below. Certain defined terms contained in the 2013 FBF Master Agreement relating to transactions on forward 
financial instruments as supplemented by the Technical Schedules, as published by the Fédération Bancaire 
Française (FBF), and as amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the first (1st) Tranche of the Notes of the 
relevant Series (the "FBF Definitions"), in the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc. (ISDA) and as amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the first (1st) Tranche of 
the Notes of the relevant Series (the "2006 ISDA Definitions") and in the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives 
Definitions including each Matrix (and any successor Matrix thereto, as defined in the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate 
Derivatives Definitions), as published by ISDA and as amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the first (1st) 
Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series (the "2021 ISDA Definitions"), have either been used or reproduced 
in this Condition 5. 
"Benchmark" means the reference rate set out in the relevant Final Terms, which shall be either the Euro Interbank 
Offered Rate ("EURIBOR"), €STR (as defined in Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(d)), the mid-market annual swap rate for 
a euro denominated interest swap transaction ("EUR CMS") or any other reference rate. 
"Business Day" means, in the case of: 
(i) 
Euro, a day on which the Trans European Automated Real Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer 
payment system (known as TARGET2) (the "TARGET System") or any successor thereto is operating (a 
"TARGET Business Day"), and/or 
(ii) 
a Specified Currency other than Euro, a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which commercial 
banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the principal financial centre for that currency, 
and/or 
(iii) 
a Specified Currency and/or one (1) or more additional business centre(s) is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms (the "Business Centre(s)"), a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which commercial banks 
and foreign exchange markets settle payments in such currency in the Business Centre(s) or, if no currency 
is indicated, generally in each of the Business Centres so specified. 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Note for any period of 
time (from and including the first (1st) day of such period to but excluding the last) (whether or not constituting an 
Interest Period, the "Calculation Period"): 
(i) 
if "Actual/365-FBF" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the fraction whose numerator is the actual 
number of days elapsed during the Calculation Period and whose denominator is 365. If part of that 
Calculation Period falls in a leap year, "Actual/365-FBF" shall mean the sum of (A) the fraction whose 
numerator is the actual number of days elapsed during the non-leap year and whose denominator is three 
hundred and sixty-five (365) and (B) the fraction whose numerator is the actual number of days elapsed 
during the leap year and whose denominator is three hundred and sixty-six (366); 
(ii) 
if "Actual/365", "Actual/Actual", "Actual/Actual-ISDA", "Act/Act" or "Act/Act-ISDA" is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by three hundred and 
sixty-five (365) (or, if any portion of that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual 
number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by three hundred and 
sixty-six (366) and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-
leap year divided by three hundred and sixty-five (365); 
(iii) 
if "Actual/Actual-FBF" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the fraction whose numerator is the actual 
number of days elapsed during such period and whose denominator is three hundred and sixty-five (365) 
(or three hundred and sixty-six (366) if 29 February falls within the Calculation Period). If the Calculation 
Period is of a duration of more than one (1) year, the basis shall be calculated as follows:  
(x) 
the number of complete years shall be counted back from the last day of the Calculation Period;  
(y) 
this number shall be increased by the fraction for the relevant period calculated as set out in the first 
paragraph of this definition; 
(iv) 
if "Actual/Actual-ICMA" or "Act/Act-ICMA" is specified in the relevant Final Terms:

--- Page 39 ---
39 
 
(A) 
if the Accrual Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which it falls, the 
number of days in the Accrual Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year; 
and 
(B) 
if the Accrual Period is longer than one (1) Determination Period, the sum of: 
(x) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination Period in which it 
begins divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination Period and 
(2) the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year; and 
(y) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next Determination Period divided 
by the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination Period and (2) the number of 
Determination Periods normally ending in any year, 
in each case, where: 
"Accrual Period" means the relevant period for which interest is to be calculated; 
"Determination Period" means the period from and including a Determination Date in any year to 
but excluding the next Determination Date, and  
"Determination Date" means any date specified in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is so 
specified, any Interest Payment Date; 
(v) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)", "Act/365 (Fixed)", "A/365 (Fixed)" or "A/365 F" is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by three hundred and sixty-five (365); 
(vi) 
if "Actual/360", "Act/360" or "A/360" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Calculation Period divided by three hundred and sixty (360); 
(vii) 
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:  
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 x (Y2 -Y1)] + [30 x (M2 -M1)]+ (D2 -D1) 
 
360 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first (1st) day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first (1st) day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first (1st) calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 
30; 
(viii) if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:  
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 x (Y2 -Y1)] + [30 x (M2 -M1)]+ (D2 -D1) 
 
360 
Where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first (1st) day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first (1st) day of the Calculation Period 
falls;

--- Page 40 ---
40 
 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first (1st) calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is 
the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Final Maturity Date (or the 
Extended Final Maturity Date, as the case may be) or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will 
be 30 
"Effective Date" means, with respect to any Floating Rate to be determined on an Interest Determination Date, 
the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is so specified, the first (1st) day of the Interest 
Accrual Period to which such Interest Determination Date relates. 
"Euro Zone" means the region comprised of member states of the European Union that have adopted the single 
currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended from time to time. 
"Interest Accrual Period" means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and 
ending on (but excluding) the first (1st) Interest Period Date and each successive period beginning on (and 
including) an Interest Period Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest Period Date. 
"Interest Amount" means the amount of interest payable, and in the case of Fixed Rate Notes, means the Fixed 
Coupon Amount or Broken Amount as specified in the relevant Final Terms, as the case may be. 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the Issue Date (as defined in the relevant Final Terms) or such other date 
as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Interest Determination Date" means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest Accrual Period, the date 
specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is so specified, (i) the day falling two (2) TARGET 
Business Days prior to the first (1st) day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is Euro or (ii) 
the first (1st) day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is Sterling or (iii) the day falling two 
(2) Business Days in the city specified in the Final Terms for the Specified Currency prior to the first (1st) day of 
such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is neither Sterling nor Euro. 
"Interest Payment Date" means the date(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Interest Period" means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and ending on 
(but excluding) the first (1st) Interest Payment Date and each successive period beginning on (and including) an 
Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest Payment Date. 
"Interest Period Date" means each Interest Payment Date unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"ISDA Definitions" means, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, either the 2006 ISDA Definitions or the 2021 
ISDA Definitions. 
"Margin" means for an Interest Accrual Period with respect to any Floating Rate Note, the percentage or base 
points for the applicable Interest Accrual Period, as indicated in the relevant Final Terms, it being specified that 
such margin may have a positive value, a negative value or equal zero. 
"outstanding" means, in relation to Notes of any Series, all the Notes issued other than (a) those that have been 
redeemed in accordance with these Conditions, (b) those in respect of which the date for redemption has occurred 
and the redemption moneys (including all interest accrued on such Notes to the date for such redemption and any 
interest payable after such date) have been duly paid as provided in Condition 7, (c) those which have become 
void or in respect of which claims have become prescribed, (d) those which have been purchased and cancelled as 
provided in these Conditions, (e) in the case of Definitive Materialised Notes (i) those mutilated or defaced 
Definitive Materialised Notes that have been surrendered in exchange for replacement Definitive Materialised 
Notes, (ii) (for the purpose only of determining how many such Definitive Materialised Notes are outstanding and 
without prejudice to their status for any other purpose) those Definitive Materialised Notes alleged to have been 
lost, stolen or destroyed and in respect of which replacement Definitive Materialised Notes have been issued and 
(iii) any Temporary Global Certificate to the extent that it shall have been exchanged for one (1) or more Definitive 
Materialised Notes, pursuant to its provisions. 
"Page" means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular information service (including, but 
not limited to, Reuters) as may be specified for the purpose of providing a Relevant Rate, or such other page, 
section, caption, column or other part as may replace it on that information service or on such other information 
service, in each case as may be nominated by the person or organisation providing or sponsoring the information 
appearing there for the purpose of displaying rates or prices comparable to that Relevant Rate.

--- Page 41 ---
41 
 
"Primary Source" means, with respect to any Floating Rate to be determined in accordance with a Screen Rate 
Determination on an Interest Determination Date, the primary source specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Rate of Interest" means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of the Notes and that is either 
specified or calculated in accordance with the provisions of these Terms and Conditions, as completed by the 
relevant Final Terms. 
"Reference Banks" means the institutions specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none, four (4) major 
banks selected by the Calculation Agent in the interbank market (or, if appropriate, money or swap market) that is 
most closely connected with the Benchmark (which, if EURIBOR, €STR or EUR CMS is the relevant Benchmark, 
shall be the Euro-zone). 
"Relevant Date" means, in respect of any Note or Coupon, the date on which payment in respect of it first (1st) 
became due or (if any amount of the money payable is improperly withheld or refused) the date on which payment 
in full of the amount outstanding is made or (in the case of Materialised Notes if earlier) the date seven (7) days 
after that on which notice is duly given to the holders of such Materialised Notes that, upon further presentation 
of the Materialised Note or Coupon being made in accordance with the Conditions, such payment will be made, 
provided that payment is in fact made upon such presentation. 
"Relevant Financial Centre" means, with respect to any Benchmark to be determined in accordance with a Screen 
Rate Determination on an Interest Determination Date, the financial centre as may be specified as such in the 
relevant Final Terms or, if none is so specified, the financial centre with which the relevant Benchmark is most 
closely connected (which, in the case of EURIBOR, €STR or EUR CMS, shall be the Euro-zone) or, if none is so 
connected, Paris. 
"Relevant Rate" means the Benchmark for a Representative Amount of the Specified Currency for a period (if 
applicable or appropriate to the Benchmark) equal to the Specified Duration commencing on the Effective Date. 
"Relevant Time" means, with respect to any Interest Determination Date, the local time in the Relevant Financial 
Centre specified in the relevant Final Terms or, if no time is specified, the local time in the Relevant Financial 
Centre at which it is customary to determine bid and offered rates in respect of deposits in the Specified Currency 
in the interbank market in the Relevant Financial Centre and for this purpose "local time" means, with respect to 
Europe and the Euro-zone as a Relevant Financial Centre, 11:00 a.m. (Brussels time). 
"Representative Amount" means, with respect to any Floating Rate to be determined in accordance with a Screen 
Rate Determination on an Interest Determination Date, the amount specified as such in the relevant Final Terms 
or, if none is specified, an amount that is representative for a single transaction in the relevant market at the time. 
"Specified Currency" means the currency specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is specified, 
the currency in which the Notes are denominated. 
"Specified Duration" means, with respect to any Floating Rate to be determined in accordance with a Screen Rate 
Determination on an Interest Determination Date, the duration specified in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is 
specified, a period of time equal to the relevant Interest Accrual Period, ignoring any adjustment pursuant to 
Condition 5(c)(ii). 
(b) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from the Interest Commencement Date at 
the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear 
on each Interest Payment Date. 
If a fixed amount of interest ("Fixed Coupon Amount") or a broken amount of interest ("Broken Amount") is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, the amount of interest payable on each Interest Payment Date will amount 
to the Fixed Coupon Amount or, if applicable, the Broken Amount so specified and in the case of the Broken 
Amount will be payable on the particular Interest Payment Date(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(c) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates: Each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount 
from the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to 
the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. Such 
Interest Payment Date(s) is/are either shown in the relevant Final Terms as Specified Interest 
Payment Dates or, if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are shown in the relevant Final Terms, 
Interest Payment Date shall mean each date which falls the number of months or any other period 
shown in the relevant Final Terms as the Interest Period after the preceding Interest Payment Date 
or, in the case of the first (1st) Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date, subject 
to adjustment in accordance with the applicable Business Day Convention.

--- Page 42 ---
42 
 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention: If any date referred to in these Conditions that is specified to be subject 
to adjustment in accordance with a Business Day Convention would otherwise fall on a day that is 
not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is (A) the "Floating Rate 
Business Day Convention", such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day 
unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (x) such date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and (y) each subsequent such date shall 
be the last Business Day of the month in which such date would have fallen had it not been subject 
to adjustment, (B) the "Following Business Day Convention", such date shall be postponed to the 
next day that is a Business Day, (C) the "Modified Following Business Day Convention", such 
date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the 
next calendar month, in which event such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding 
Business Day or (D) the "Preceding Business Day Convention", such date shall be brought forward 
to the immediately preceding Business Day. Notwithstanding the foregoing, where the relevant Final 
Terms specify that the relevant Business Day Convention is to be applied on an "unadjusted" basis, 
the Interest Amount payable on any date shall not be affected by the application of that Business 
Day Convention. 
(iii) 
Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes: The Rate of Interest in respect of the Floating Rate Notes 
for each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined in accordance with the provisions below relating 
to either ISDA Determination, FBF Determination or Screen Rate Determination, depending upon 
which is specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(A) 
FBF Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where FBF Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period 
shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the relevant FBF Rate plus or 
minus (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any, as indicated in the 
relevant Final Terms). For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), "FBF Rate" for an Interest 
Accrual Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the 
Calculation Agent under a Transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the 
FBF Definitions and under which:  
(a) 
the Floating Rate is as specified in the relevant Final Terms; and  
(b) 
the relevant Floating Rate Determination Date (Date de Determination du Taux 
Variable) is the first (1st) day of that Interest Accrual Period unless otherwise specified 
in the relevant Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), "Floating Rate" (Taux Variable), "Calculation 
Agent" (Agent), "Floating Rate Determination Date" (Date de Determination du Taux 
Variable) and "Transaction" (Transaction) have the meanings given to those terms in the 
FBF Definitions, provided that EURIBOR means the rate calculated for deposits in euro 
which appears on Reuters page EURIBOR01, as more fully described in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
In the relevant Final Terms, when the paragraph "Floating Rate (Taux Variable)" specifies 
that the rate is determined by linear interpolation, in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, 
the Rate of Interest for such Interest Accrual Period shall be calculated by the Calculation 
Agent by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two (2) rates based on the relevant 
Floating Rate, one of which shall be determined as if the maturity were the period of time for 
which rates are available of next shorter length before the length of the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period, and the other of which shall be determined as if the maturity were the period 
of time for which rates are available of next longer length after the length of the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period. 
Where FBF Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined, unless a higher Minimum Rate of Interest is specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be deemed to be zero.  
(B) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes  
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period 
shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the relevant ISDA Rate plus 
or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any, as indicated in the

--- Page 43 ---
43 
 
relevant Final Terms). For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (B), "ISDA Rate" for an 
Interest Accrual Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by 
the Calculation Agent under a Swap Transaction under the terms of an agreement 
incorporating (i) if "2006 ISDA Definitions" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
2006 ISDA Definitions or (ii) if "2021 ISDA Definitions" is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, the 2021 ISDA Definitions and under which: 
(a) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(b) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(c) 
the relevant Reset Date is the first (1st) day of that Interest Accrual Period unless 
otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (B), "Floating Rate", "Calculation Agent", 
"Floating Rate Option", "Designated Maturity", "Reset Date" and "Swap Transaction" 
have the meanings given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
In the relevant Final Terms, when the paragraph "Floating Rate Option" specifies that the 
rate is determined by linear interpolation, in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the Rate 
of Interest for such Interest Accrual Period shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent by 
straight line linear interpolation by reference to two (2) rates based on the relevant Floating 
Rate Option, one of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period 
of time for which rates are available of next shorter length before the length of the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period, and the other of which shall be determined as if the maturity were 
the period of time for which rates are available of next longer length after the length of the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period. 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined, unless a higher Minimum Rate of Interest is specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be deemed to be zero.  
(C) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual 
Period shall, subject as provided below or to Condition 5(c)(iii)(D) below, be determined by 
the Calculation Agent at or about the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date in 
respect of such Interest Accrual Period in accordance with the following: 
(a) 
if the Primary Source for Floating Rate is a Page, subject as provided below, the Rate 
of Interest shall be: 
(1) 
the Relevant Rate (where such Relevant Rate on such Page is a composite 
quotation or is customarily supplied by one (1) entity); or  
(2) 
the arithmetic mean of the Relevant Rates of the persons whose Relevant Rates 
appear on that Page, 
in each case appearing on such Page at the Relevant Time on the Interest 
Determination Date specified in the relevant Final Terms, plus or minus (as indicated 
in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any, as indicated in the relevant Final 
Terms); and 
(b) 
if the Primary Source for the Floating Rate is Reference Banks or if sub-paragraph 
(a)(1) applies and no Relevant Rate appears on the Page at the Relevant Time on the 
Interest Determination Date or if sub-paragraph (a)(2) applies and fewer than two (2) 
Relevant Rates appear on the Page at the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination 
Date, subject as provided below, the Rate of Interest shall be the arithmetic mean of 
the Relevant Rates that each of the Reference Banks is quoting to leading banks in the 
Relevant Financial Centre at the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent, plus or minus the Margin, if any (as indicated 
in the relevant Final Terms), and 
(c) 
if paragraph (b) above applies and the Calculation Agent determines that fewer than 
two (2) Reference Banks are so quoting Relevant Rates, subject as provided below, 
the Rate of Interest shall be the arithmetic mean of the rates per annum (expressed as 
a percentage) that the Calculation Agent determines to be the rates (being the nearest

--- Page 44 ---
44 
 
equivalent to the Benchmark) in respect of a Representative Amount of the Specified 
Currency that at least two (2) out of five (5) leading banks selected by the Calculation 
Agent in the principal financial centre of the country of the Specified Currency or, if 
the Specified Currency is Euro, in the Euro-zone as selected by the Calculation Agent 
(the "Principal Financial Centre") are quoting at or about the Relevant Time on the 
date on which such banks would customarily quote such rates for a period 
commencing on the Effective Date for a period equivalent to the Specified Duration 
(y) to leading banks carrying on business in Europe, or (if the Calculation Agent 
determines that fewer than two (2) of such banks are so quoting to leading banks in 
Europe) (z) to leading banks carrying on business in the Principal Financial Centre; 
except that, if fewer than two (2) of such banks are so quoting to leading banks in the 
Principal Financial Centre, the Rate of Interest shall be the Rate of Interest determined 
on the previous Interest Determination Date (after readjustment for any difference 
between any Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest 
applicable to the preceding Interest Accrual Period and to the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period). 
In the relevant Final Terms, if the paragraph "Benchmark" specifies that the rate is 
determined by linear interpolation, in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the Rate 
of Interest for such Interest Accrual Period shall be calculated by the Calculation 
Agent by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two (2) rates based on the 
relevant Floating Rate, one of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity 
were the period of time for which rates are available of next shorter length before the 
length of the relevant Interest Accrual Period, and the other of which shall be 
determined as if the maturity were the period of time for which rates are available of 
next longer length after the length of the relevant Interest Accrual Period. 
(d) 
Notwithstanding the provisions of sub-paragraphs (a) to (c) above, if the Primary 
Source for Floating Rate is a Page and the Benchmark is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being €STR, the Rate of Interest plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable 
Final Terms) the Margin (if any) shall, subject as provided below, be the rate of return 
of a daily compound interest investment (with the daily euro short-term rate as the 
reference rate for the calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the Calculation 
Agent on the relevant Interest Determination Date, as follows, and the resulting 
percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest five ten-thousandth of a 
percentage point, with 0.00005 being rounded upwards: 
[∏(1 + €𝑆𝑇𝑅𝑖−𝑝× 𝑛𝑖
360
) −1
𝑑𝑜
𝑖=1
] × 360
𝑑 
Where: 
"d" is the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
"do" is for any Interest Accrual Period, the number of TARGET Business Days in the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
"ECB €STR Guideline" means the Guideline (EU) 2019/1265 of the European 
Central Bank dated 10 July 2019 on the euro short-term rate (€STR) (ECB/2019/19), 
as amended from time to time; 
"€STR" means, in respect of any TARGET Business Day, the interest rate 
representing the wholesale Euro unsecured overnight borrowing costs of banks 
located in the Euro area provided by the European Central Bank as administrator of 
such rate (or any successor administrator) and published on the Website of the 
European Central Bank at or before 9:00 a.m. (Frankfurt time) (or, in case a revised 
euro short-term rate is published as provided in Article 4 subsection 3 of the ECB 
€STR Guideline at or before 11:00 a.m. (Frankfurt time), such revised interest rate) 
on the TARGET Business Day immediately following such TARGET Business Day; 
"€STRi" means, in respect of any TARGET Business Day falling in the relevant 
Observation Period, the €STR for the TARGET Business Day falling "p" TARGET 
Business Days prior to the relevant TARGET Business Day "i";

--- Page 45 ---
45 
 
"€STR Observation Look-Back Period" is as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from 1 to do, each representing the relevant TARGET 
Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the first TARGET Business 
Day in the relevant Interest Accrual Period to, but excluding the Interest Payment 
Date corresponding to such Interest Accrual Period;"ni " is, for any TARGET 
Business Day "i", the number of calendar days from, and including, the relevant 
TARGET Business Day "i" up to, but excluding, the immediately following TARGET 
Business Day in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
"p" is, in relation to any Interest Accrual Period, the number of TARGET Business 
Days included in the €STR Observation Look-Back Period;  
"Observation Period " means in respect of any Interest Accrual Period, the period 
from and including the date falling "p" TARGET Business Days prior to the first day 
of the relevant Interest Accrual Period (and the first Interest Accrual Period shall begin 
on and include the Interest Commencement Date) and ending on, but excluding, the 
date falling "p" TARGET Business Day prior to the Interest Payment Date of such 
Interest Accrual Period (or the date falling "p" TARGET Business Day prior to such 
earlier date, if any, on which the Notes become due and payable); and 
"Website of the European Central Bank " means the website of the European 
Central Bank currently at https://www.ecb.europa.eu/home/html/index.en.html or any 
successor source officially designated by the European Central Bank. 
If the €STR is not published, as specified above, on any particular TARGET Business 
Day and no €STR Index Cessation Event (as defined below) has occurred, the €STR 
for such TARGET Business Day shall be the rate equal to €STR in respect of the last 
TARGET Business Day for which such rate was published on the Website of the 
European Central Bank. 
If the €STR is not published, as specified above, on any particular TARGET Business 
Day and both an €STR Index Cessation Event and an €STR Index Cessation Effective 
Date (as defined below) have occurred, the rate of €STR for each TARGET Business 
Day in the relevant Observation Period (as defined below) on or after such €STR 
Index Cessation Effective Date will be determined as if references to €STR were 
references to the ECB Recommended Rate (as defined below). 
If no ECB Recommended Rate has been recommended before the end of the first 
TARGET Business Day following the date on which the €STR Index Cessation Event 
occurs, then the rate of €STR for each TARGET Business Day in the relevant 
Observation Period on or after the €STR Index Cessation Effective Date will be 
determined as if references to €STR were references to the Modified EDFR (as 
defined below). 
If an ECB Recommended Rate has been recommended and both an ECB 
Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event (as defined below) and an ECB 
Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date (as defined below) subsequently 
occur, then the rate of €STR for each TARGET Business Day in the relevant 
Observation Period occurring on or after that ECB Recommended Rate Index 
Cessation Effective Date will be determined as if references to €STR were references 
to the Modified EDFR. 
Any substitution of the €STR, as specified above, will remain effective for the 
remaining term to maturity of the Notes. 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the 
provisions of this sub-paragraph (e) by the Calculation Agent, (i) the Rate of Interest 
shall be that determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though 
substituting, where a different Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate 
of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period from that which 
applied to the last preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or Maximum Rate of 
Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Accrual Period 
in place of the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest 
relating to that last preceding Interest Accrual Period) or (ii) if there is no such

--- Page 46 ---
46 
 
preceding Interest Determination Date, the Rate of Interest shall be determined as if 
the rate of €STR for each TARGET Business Day in the €STR Observation Period on 
or after such €STR Index Cessation Effective Date were references to the latest 
published €STR or, if ECB Recommended Rate is published on a later date than the 
latest published €STR, the ECB Recommended Rate or, if EDFR is published on a 
later date than the latest published ECB Recommended Rate, the Modified EDFR (but 
applying the Margin and any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest 
applicable to the first Interest Accrual Period). 
"ECB Recommended Rate means a rate (inclusive of any spreads or adjustments) 
recommended as the replacement for €STR by the European Central Bank (or any 
successor administrator of €STR) and/or by a committee officially endorsed or 
convened by the European Central Bank (or any successor administrator of €STR) for 
the purpose of recommending a replacement for €STR (which rate may be produced 
by the European Central Bank or another administrator), as determined by the 
Calculation Agent and notified by the Calculation Agent to the Issuer; 
"ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event means the occurrence of one or 
more of the following events, as determined by the Calculation Agent and notified by 
the Calculation Agent to the Issuer: 
(1) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate announcing that it has ceased or 
will cease to provide the ECB Recommended Rate permanently or indefinitely, 
provided that, at the time of the statement or the publication, there is no 
successor administrator that will continue to provide the ECB Recommended 
Rate; or 
(2) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor 
for the administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate, the central bank for the 
currency of the ECB Recommended Rate, an insolvency official with 
jurisdiction over the administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate, a 
resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator of the ECB 
Recommended Rate or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution 
authority over the administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate, which states 
that the administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate has ceased or will cease 
to provide the ECB Recommended Rate permanently or indefinitely, provided 
that, at the time of the statement or publication, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide the ECB Recommended Rate; 
"ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date" means, in respect of 
an ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event, the first date on which the ECB 
Recommended Rate is no longer provided, as determined by the Calculation Agent 
and notified by the Calculation Agent to the Issuer; 
"EDFR" means the Eurosystem Deposit Facility Rate, the rate on the deposit facility, 
which banks may use to make overnight deposits with the Eurosystem (comprising 
the European Central Bank and the national central banks of those countries that have 
adopted the Euro) as published on the Website of the European Central Bank; 
"EDFR Spread" means: 
(1) 
if no ECB Recommended Rate is recommended before the end of the first 
TARGET Business Day following the date on which the €STR Index Cessation 
Event occurs, the arithmetic mean of the daily difference between the €STR 
and the EDFR for each of the thirty (30) TARGET Business Days immediately 
preceding the date on which the €STR Index Cessation Event occurred; or 
(2) 
if an ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event occurs, the arithmetic 
mean of the daily difference between the ECB Recommended Rate and the 
EDFR for each of the thirty (30) TARGET Business Days immediately 
preceding the date on which the ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation 
Event occurred;

--- Page 47 ---
47 
 
"€STR Index Cessation Event" means the occurrence of one or more of the 
following events, as determined by the Calculation Agent and notified by the 
Calculation Agent to the Issuer: 
(1) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
European Central Bank (or any successor administrator of €STR) announcing 
that it has ceased or will cease to provide €STR permanently or indefinitely, 
provided that, at the time of the statement or the publication, there is no 
successor administrator that will continue to provide €STR; or 
(2) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor 
for the administrator of €STR, the central bank for the currency of €STR, an 
insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator of €STR, a 
resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator of €STR or a court 
or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the 
administrator of €STR, which states that the administrator of €STR has ceased 
or will cease to provide €STR permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the 
time of the statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that 
will continue to provide €STR; 
"€STR Index Cessation Effective Date" means, in respect of an €STR Index 
Cessation Event, the first date on which €STR is no longer provided by the European 
Central Bank (or any successor administrator of €STR), as determined by the 
Calculation Agent and notified by the Calculation Agent to the Issuer; and 
"Modified EDFR" means a reference rate equal to the EDFR plus the EDFR Spread. 
(e) 
Notwithstanding the provisions of sub-paragraphs (a) to (d) above, if the Primary 
Source for Floating Rate is a Page and the Benchmark is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being EUR CMS, the Rate of Interest shall, subject as provided below or (if 
applicable) to Condition 5(c)(iii)(D) below, be the offered quotation (expressed as a 
percentage per annum) for EUR CMS for a period of the Designated Maturity as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms and appearing on the relevant Page, being 
Reuters "ISDAFIX2" under the heading "EURIBOR BASIS-EUR" as at the Relevant 
Time, being 11:00 a.m. (Frankfurt time), plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant 
Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
If no Relevant Rate appears on the relevant Page at the Relevant Time on the Interest 
Determination Date, the Rate of Interest shall be the arithmetic mean (rounded if 
necessary to the five significant figures with halves being rounded up) of the 
quotations of the Reference Banks for a period of the relevant Designated Maturity 
(in each case the relevant mid-market annual swap rate commencing two (2) 
TARGET Business Days following the relevant Interest Determination Date). The 
highest and lowest (or, in the event of equality, one of the highest and/or lowest) 
quotations so determined shall be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the 
purpose of determining the Relevant Rate. 
If, for any reason, the Benchmark is no longer published or if fewer than two (2) 
quotations are provided to the Calculation Agent in accordance with the above 
paragraph, the Relevant Rate will be determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole 
discretion, acting in good faith and in a commercial and reasonable manner. 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, unless a higher Minimum 
Rate of Interest is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Minimum Rate of Interest 
shall be deemed to be zero. 
(D) 
Events affecting the determination of the Benchmark 
For the purpose of Screen Rate Determination, the provisions of this paragraph (D) shall 
apply notwithstanding the provisions mentioned in sub-paragraphs (a) to (f) above. 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner 
in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, if an Administrator/Benchmark Event 
occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate (other than €STR) at any time, when the 
Terms and Conditions of Floating Rate Notes provide for any remaining rate of interest (or 
any component part thereof) to be determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate,

--- Page 48 ---
48 
 
then the following provisions shall apply and prevail over the other fallback provisions set 
out in Condition 5(c)(iii)(C). For the avoidance of doubt, the following provisions shall not 
apply and shall not prevail over the fallback provisions relating to €STR provided in 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(d). 
If at any time prior to or on any Interest Determination Date, the Issuer in consultation with 
the Calculation Agent determines, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner, that the Relevant Rate has been discontinued or that an Administrator/Benchmark 
Event has occurred: 
(a) 
the Issuer will as soon as reasonably practicable (and in any event prior to the next 
following Interest Determination Date (up until which time paragraph (2) above will 
continue to apply)) appoint an agent (the "Relevant Rate Determination Agent") 
that shall determine, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner 
whether, for the purposes of determining the Relevant Rate on each following Interest 
Determination Date, a Successor Rate or failing which, an Alternative Rate is 
available. If the Relevant Rate Determination Agent determines that there is an 
industry-accepted Alternative Rate or Successor Rate, the Relevant Rate 
Determination Agent will use such Alternative Rate or Successor Rate to determine 
the Relevant Rate (such rate, the "Replacement Relevant Rate"). The Relevant Rate 
Determination Agent may be (i) a leading bank or a broker-dealer in the Principal 
Financial Centre of the Specified Currency (which may include one of the Dealers 
involved in the issue of the Floating Rate Notes), (ii) an independent financial adviser, 
(iii) an affiliate of the Issuer and/or (iv) the Calculation Agent; 
(b) 
if the Relevant Rate Determination Agent has determined a Replacement Relevant 
Rate in accordance with the foregoing, the Relevant Rate Determination Agent will 
also determine concomitant changes (if any) to the Business Day Convention, the 
definition of Business Day, the Interest Determination Date, the Day Count Fraction, 
the Adjustment Spread and any method for obtaining the Replacement Relevant Rate, 
and such other changes or adjustments necessary to make such Replacement Relevant 
Rate as comparable as possible to the Relevant Rate, in each case in a manner that is 
consistent with industry-accepted practices for such Replacement Relevant Rate and 
such guidance promulgated by associations involved in the establishment of market 
standards and/or protocols in the international financial and/or debt capital markets as 
the Relevant Rate Determination Agent may consider relevant for such Replacement 
Relevant Rate;  
(c) 
references to the "Relevant Rate" in these Conditions will thenceforth be deemed to 
be references to the Replacement Relevant Rate, including any concomitant changes 
and adjustments determined in accordance with paragraph (2) above. The 
determination of the Replacement Relevant Rate and such concomitant changes and 
adjustments by the Relevant Rate Determination Agent will (in the absence of 
manifest error) be final and binding on the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, the Fiscal 
Agent, the Noteholders and any other person and each Noteholder shall be deemed to 
have accepted the Replacement Relevant Rate and such related changes and 
adjustments pursuant to this paragraph (f); and 
(d) 
as soon as reasonably practicable, the Relevant Rate Determination Agent will notify 
the Issuer of the foregoing and the Issuer will give notice to the Noteholders (in 
accordance with Condition 14 (Notices)) and the Fiscal Agent specifying the 
Replacement Relevant Rate, as well as the concomitant changes and adjustments 
determined in accordance with paragraph (2) above. 
If the Relevant Rate Determination Agent has determined that the Relevant Rate has 
been discontinued and/or an Administrator/Benchmark Event has occurred, and for 
any reason a Replacement Relevant Rate has not been or cannot be determined on or 
prior to the next following Interest Determination Date, then no Replacement 
Relevant Rate will be adopted, and in such case, the Rate of Interest shall be the Rate 
of Interest determined on the previous Interest Determination Date (after readjustment 
for any difference between any Margin, Rate Multiplier or Maximum Rate of Interest 
or Minimum Rate of Interest applicable to the preceding Interest Accrual Period and 
to the relevant Interest Accrual Period).  
Where:

--- Page 49 ---
49 
 
"Adjustment Spread" means either a spread (which may be positive or negative), or 
the formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the 
Relevant Rate Determination Agent determines and which is required to be applied to 
the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) to reduce or eliminate, 
to the fullest extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic 
prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to Noteholders, Receiptholders and 
Couponholders as a result of the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula 
or methodology which: 
(a) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended or formally provided 
as an option for parties to adopt in relation to the replacement of the Original 
Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(b) 
if no recommendation required under the sub-paragraph (a) above has been 
made or in the case of an Alternative Rate, the Relevant Rate Determination 
Agent determines and which is recognised or acknowledged as being a 
customary market usage in the international debt capital market for 
transactions or, if not, the industry standard for over-the-counter derivative 
transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has 
been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate, as the case may 
be; or  
(c) 
if no such recommendation or option has been made (or made available), or 
the Relevant Rate Determination Agent determines there is no such spread, 
formula or methodology in customary market usage, the Relevant Rate 
Determination Agent, acting in good faith, determines to be appropriate. 
"Administrator/Benchmark Event" means, in relation to any Floating Rate Notes 
and a Benchmark, the occurrence of a Benchmark Modification or Cessation Event, a 
Non-Approval Event, a Rejection Event or a Suspension/Withdrawal Event. 
"Alternative Rate" means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Relevant 
Rate Determination Agent determines in accordance with this Condition 5(c)(iii)(D) 
and which is customary market usage in the international debt capital markets for the 
purposes of determining rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for 
a commensurate interest period and in the same Specified Currency as the Floating 
Rate Notes. 
"Benchmark Modification or Cessation Event" means, in respect of any Floating 
Rate Notes and a Benchmark: 
(a) 
any material changes in such Benchmark; 
(b) 
the permanent or indefinite cancellation or cessation in the provision of such 
Benchmark; 
(c) 
a relevant regulator or other official sector entity prohibits the use of such 
Benchmark. 
"Benchmark Regulation" means the EU Benchmark Regulation (Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011) (as amended from time to time). 
"Non-Approval Event" means, in respect of the Benchmark: 
(a) 
any authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence or 
approval in respect of the Benchmark or the administrator or sponsor of the 
Benchmark has not been or will not be obtained; 
(b) 
the Benchmark or the administrator or sponsor of the Benchmark has not been 
or will not be included in an official register; or 
(c) 
the Benchmark or the administrator or sponsor of the Benchmark does not or 
will not fulfil any legal or regulatory requirement applicable to the Floating 
Rate Notes, the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or the Benchmark, 
in each case, as required under any applicable law or regulation for any of the Issuer, 
the Calculation Agent or any other entity to perform its obligations in respect of the 
Floating Rate Notes. For the avoidance of doubt, a Non-Approval Event shall not

--- Page 50 ---
50 
 
occur if, notwithstanding that the Benchmark or the administrator or sponsor of the 
Benchmark is not or will not be included in an official register because its 
authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence or approval is 
suspended, at the time of such suspension the continued provision and use of the 
Benchmark is nevertheless permitted in respect of the Floating Rate Notes under 
applicable law or regulation during the period of such suspension. 
"Original Reference Rate" means the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
originally specified for the purpose of determining the relevant Rate of Interest (or 
any relevant component part(s) thereof) on the Floating Rate Notes. 
"Rejection Event" means, in respect of the Benchmark, the relevant competent 
authority or other relevant official body rejects or refuses or will reject or refuse any 
application for authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence, 
approval or inclusion in any official register which, in each case, is required in relation 
to the Floating Rate Notes, the Benchmark or the administrator or sponsor of the 
Benchmark under any applicable law or regulation for any of the Issuer, the 
Calculation Agent or any other entity to perform its obligations in respect of the 
Floating Rate Notes. 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable): 
(a) 
the central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority or any other similar 
institution (as applicable) for the currency to which the benchmark or screen 
rate (as applicable) relates; or 
(b) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or 
constituted at the request of (i) the central bank, reserve bank, monetary 
authority or any other similar institution (as applicable) for the currency to 
which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, (ii) a group of the 
aforementioned institutions or (iii) the Financial Stability Board or any part 
thereof. 
"Successor Rate" means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate 
which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. If, following an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event, more than one successor or replacement rates are 
recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body, the Relevant Rate Determination 
Agent will determine, among those successor or replacement rates, that one which is 
the most appropriate, taking into consideration, without limitation, the particular 
features of the relevant Notes and the nature of the Issuer. 
"Suspension/Withdrawal Event" means, in respect of the Benchmark: 
(x) 
the relevant competent authority or other relevant official body suspends or 
withdraws or will suspend or withdraw any authorisation, registration, 
recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision or approval in relation to the 
Benchmark or the administrator or sponsor of the Benchmark which is required 
under any applicable law or regulation for any of the Issuer, the Calculation 
Agent or any other entity to perform its obligations in respect of the Floating 
Rate Notes; or 
(y) 
the Benchmark or the administrator or sponsor of the Benchmark is or will be 
removed from any official register where inclusion in such register is or will 
be required under any applicable law in order for any of the Issuer, the 
Calculation Agent or any other entity to perform its obligations in respect of 
the Floating Rate Notes. 
For the avoidance of doubt, a Suspension/Withdrawal Event shall not occur if such 
authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision or 
approval is or will be suspended or where inclusion in any official register is or will 
be withdrawn if, at the time of such suspension or withdrawal, the continued provision 
and use of the Benchmark is permitted in respect of the Floating Rate Notes under 
applicable law or regulation during the period of such suspension or withdrawal.

--- Page 51 ---
51 
 
(d) 
Interest on Fixed/Floating Rate Notes, Fixed/Fixed Rate Notes and Floating/Floating Rate Notes  
Where Change of Interest Basis is specified to be Applicable in the relevant Final Terms each Fixed/Floating Rate 
Notes, Fixed/Fixed Rate Notes or Floating/Floating Rate Notes (as applicable) shall bear interest on its outstanding 
nominal amount at a rate that: 
(i) 
at the Issuer's option, the Issuer may elect to convert (the "Issuer Change of Interest Basis") on the date 
specified in the relevant Final Terms (the "Switch Date"): 
- 
from Fixed Rate (as defined in Condition 5(b) and specified in the relevant Final Terms) to 
Floating Rate (as defined in Condition 5(c) and specified in the relevant Final Terms) or from 
Floating Rate to Fixed Rate with respect to Fixed/Floating Rate Notes; 
- 
from Fixed Rate to a different Fixed Rate with respect to Fixed/Fixed Rate Notes; and 
- 
from Floating Rate to a different Floating Rate with respect to Floating/Floating Rate Notes.  
it being specified that any Issuer Change of Interest Basis shall be notified by the Issuer to the relevant 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 within the period specified in the relevant Final Terms; or  
(ii) 
automatically changes from Fixed Rate to Floating Rate or from Floating Rate to Fixed Rate, from Fixed 
Rate to a different Fixed Rate or from Floating Rate to a different Floating Rate on the Switch Date (the 
"Automatic Change of Interest Basis"), 
provided that, in any of the cases (i) or (ii) above, if the Switch Date does not fall on an Interest Payment Date, the 
Change of Interest Basis will apply either from (i) the Interest Period including the Switch Date or (ii) the Interest 
Period following the Switch Date, as specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
(e) 
Accrual of Interest 
Interest shall cease to accrue on each Note on the due date for redemption unless (i) in the case of Dematerialised 
Notes, on such due date or (ii) in the case of Materialised Notes, upon due presentation, payment is improperly 
withheld or refused, in which event interest shall continue to accrue (as well after as before judgement) at the Rate 
of Interest in the manner provided in this Condition 5 to the Relevant Date. 
(f) 
Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest, Minimum Rate of Interest, Maximum Instalment Amounts, 
Minimum Instalment Amounts, Maximum Redemption Amounts, Minimum Redemption Amounts 
and Rounding: 
(i) 
If any Margin is specified in the relevant Final Terms (either (y) generally, or (z) in relation to one (1) or 
more Interest Accrual Periods), an adjustment shall be made to all Rates of Interest, in the case of (y), or 
the Rates of Interest for the specified Interest Accrual Periods, in the case of (z), calculated in accordance 
with Condition 5(c) above by adding (if a positive number) or subtracting (if a negative number) the 
absolute value of such Margin, subject always to the next paragraph. 
(ii) 
If any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest, Maximum Instalment Amount or Minimum 
Instalment Amount or Maximum Redemption Amount or Minimum Redemption Amount is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, then any Rate of Interest, Instalment Amount or Redemption Amount shall be 
subject to such maximum or minimum, as the case may be. For the avoidance of doubt, the Minimum Rate 
of Interest of the Notes shall not be, in any case, lower than zero. 
(iii) 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions, (w) if FBF Determination is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, all percentages resulting from such calculations shall be rounded, if 
necessary, to the nearest ten-thousandth of a percentage point (with halves being rounded up), (x) otherwise, 
all percentages resulting from such calculations shall be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest fifth decimal 
(with halves being rounded up), (y) all figures shall be rounded to seven (7) decimals (with halves being 
rounded up) and (z) all currency amounts that fall due and payable shall be rounded to the nearest unit of 
such currency (with halves being rounded up), save in the case of Yen, which shall be rounded down to the 
nearest Yen. For the purpose of this Condition "unit" means the lowest amount of such currency that is 
available as legal tender in the country of such currency. 
(g) 
Calculations 
The amount of interest payable in respect of any Note for any period shall be calculated by multiplying the product 
of the Rate of Interest and the outstanding nominal amount of such Note by the Day Count Fraction, unless an 
Interest Amount is specified in respect of such period, in which case the amount of interest payable in respect of 
such Note for such period shall equal such Interest Amount. Where any Interest Period comprises two (2) or more

--- Page 52 ---
52 
 
Interest Accrual Periods, the amount of interest payable in respect of such Interest Period shall be the sum of the 
amounts of interest payable in respect of each of those Interest Accrual Periods. 
(h) 
Determination and publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, Final Redemption Amounts, 
Early Redemption Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts and Instalment Amounts 
The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as practicable on such date as the Calculation Agent may be required to 
calculate any rate or amount, obtain any quotation or make any determination or calculation, determine such rate 
and calculate the Interest Amounts in respect of each Specified Denomination of the Notes for the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period, calculate the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption 
Amount or Instalment Amount, obtain such quotation or make such determination or calculation, as the case may 
be, and cause the Rate of Interest and the Interest Amounts for each Interest Period and the relevant Interest 
Payment Date and, if required to be calculated, the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount, 
Optional Redemption Amount or any Instalment Amount to be notified to the Fiscal Agent, the Issuer, each of the 
Paying Agents, the holders of Notes, any other Calculation Agent appointed in respect of the Notes that is to make 
a further calculation upon receipt of such information and, if the Notes are admitted to trading on a Regulated 
Market and the rules of such Regulated Market so require, such Regulated Market as soon as possible after their 
determination but in no event later than (i) the commencement of the relevant Interest Period, if determined prior 
to such time, in the case of notification to such Regulated Market of a Rate of Interest and Interest Amount, or (ii) 
in all other cases, the fourth (4th) Business Day after such determination. Where any Interest Payment Date or 
Interest Period Date is subject to adjustment pursuant to Condition 5(c)(ii), the Interest Amounts and the Interest 
Payment Date so published may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way 
of adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. The determination 
of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the making of each determination or calculation by the 
Calculation Agent(s) shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding upon all parties. 
For the purpose of these Conditions, "Regulated Market" means a regulated market located in a member state of 
the European Economic Area ("EEA") within the meaning of Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament 
and of the Council dated 15 May 2014 on markets in financial instruments, as amended, and appearing on the list 
of regulated markets of the European Securities and Markets Authority. 
(i) 
Calculation Agent and Reference Banks 
The Issuer shall procure that there shall at all times be four (4) Reference Banks (or such other number as may be 
required) with offices in the Relevant Financial Centre and one (1) or more Calculation Agents if provision is 
made for them in the relevant Final Terms and for so long as any Note is outstanding. If any Reference Bank 
(acting through its relevant office) is unable or unwilling to continue to act as a Reference Bank, then the Issuer 
shall appoint another Reference Bank with an office in the Relevant Financial Centre to act as such in its place. 
Where more than one (1) Calculation Agent is appointed in respect of the Notes, references in these Conditions to 
the Calculation Agent shall be construed as each Calculation Agent performing its respective duties under the 
Conditions. If the Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling to act as such or if the Calculation Agent fails duly to 
establish the Rate of Interest for an Interest Period or Interest Accrual Period or to calculate any Interest Amount, 
Instalment Amount, Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount, as 
the case may be, or to comply with any other requirement, the Issuer shall appoint a leading bank or investment 
banking firm engaged in the interbank market (or, if appropriate, money, swap or over-the-counter index options 
market) that is most closely connected with the calculation or determination to be made by the Calculation Agent 
to act as such in its place. The Calculation Agent may not resign its duties without a successor having been 
appointed as aforesaid. So long as the Notes are admitted to trading on a Regulated Market and the rules of, or 
applicable to, that Regulated Market so require, notice of any change of Calculation Agent shall be given in 
accordance with Condition 14. 
6. 
Redemption, Purchase and Options 
(a) 
Final Redemption 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as provided below, each Note shall be finally redeemed 
on the final maturity date (the "Final Maturity Date") (or the Extended Final Maturity Date, as the case may be) 
specified in the relevant Final Terms at its final redemption amount (the "Final Redemption Amount") (which is 
at least one hundred per cent. (100%) of its nominal amount) or, in the case of a Note falling within Condition 6(b) 
below, its final Instalment Amount. 
Notes may have hard bullet maturities (not allowing the Final Maturity Date of the relevant Series to be extended) 
or soft bullet maturities (allowing the Final Maturity Date of the relevant Series to be extended), as specified in 
the Final Terms of the relevant Series. With respect to Series of Notes having a soft bullet maturity, an extended

--- Page 53 ---
53 
 
Final Maturity Date (the "Extended Final Maturity Date") shall be specified as applying in relation to such Series 
in the applicable Final Terms.  
If, following the occurrence of an Extension Trigger Event, the Final Redemption Amount of such Series is not 
paid by the Issuer on the Final Maturity Date, then payment of the unpaid amount shall be automatically deferred 
and shall become due and payable twelve (12) months later on the Extended Final Maturity Date. However, any 
amount representing the Final Redemption Amount due and remaining unpaid on the Final Maturity Date may be 
paid by the Issuer on any Interest Payment Date occurring thereafter up to (and including) the relevant Extended 
Final Maturity Date. Interest will continue to accrue on any unpaid amount during such extended period at the 
Rate of Interest specified in the relevant Final Terms and be payable on each Interest Payment Date and on the 
Extended Final Maturity Date all as specified in the relevant Final Terms and in accordance with the Conditions. 
For the purpose of this Condition 6(a) and in accordance with Articles L.513-30 and R.513-8-1 of the French 
Monetary and Financial Code, an "Extension Trigger Event" exclusively means one of the following cases (or 
all of them): 
- 
in the event of non-payment of the principal on the maturity date initially set by the Issuer, a credit 
institution benefiting from loans granted by the Issuer and guaranteed by the remittance, the transfer or the 
pledge of receivables pursuant to Articles L.211-38 to L.211-40 or Articles L.313-23 to L.313-35 of the 
French Monetary and Financial Code, whether or not these receivables are of a professional nature, or a 
credit institution issuing promissory notes (billets à ordre) subscribed by the Issuer in accordance with the 
provisions of Articles L.313-43 to L.313-48 of the French Monetary and Financial Code; and/or 
- 
(i) the Issuer, (ii) a credit institution benefiting from loans granted by the Issuer and guaranteed by the 
remittance, the transfer or the pledge of receivables pursuant to Articles L.211-38 to L.211-40 or Articles 
L.313-23 to L.313-35 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, whether or not these receivables are of 
a professional nature or (iii) a credit institution issuing promissory notes (billets à ordre) subscribed by the 
Issuer in accordance with the provisions of Articles L.313-43 to L.313-48 of the French Monetary and 
Financial Code, being the subject of safeguard proceedings (procédure de sauvegarde), judicial 
reorganisation proceedings (procédure de redressement judiciaire), judicial liquidation proceedings 
(procédure de liquidation judiciaire) or resolution proceedings (procédure de résolution) opened pursuant 
to Article L.613-49 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, 
it being specified that any Extension Trigger Event shall be notified by the Issuer to the Fiscal Agent and the 
relevant Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 within the period specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(b) 
Redemption by Instalments 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as provided in this Condition 6, each Note that provides 
for Instalment Dates and Instalment Amounts shall be partially redeemed on each Instalment Date at the related 
Instalment Amount specified in the relevant Final Terms. The outstanding nominal amount of each such Note shall 
be reduced by the Instalment Amount (or, if such Instalment Amount is calculated by reference to a proportion of 
the nominal amount of such Note, such proportion) for all purposes with effect from the related Instalment Date, 
unless payment of the Instalment Amount is improperly withheld or refused (i) in the case of Dematerialised Note, 
on the due date for such payment or (ii) in the case of Materialised Note, on presentation of the related Receipt, in 
which case, such amount shall remain outstanding until the Relevant Date relating to such Instalment Amount. 
(c) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer, exercise of Issuer's Options and Partial Redemption 
If a Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, subject to compliance by the Issuer with 
all relevant laws, regulations and directives and on giving not less than fifteen (15) nor more than thirty (30) days' 
prior irrevocable notice in accordance with Condition 14 to the holders of Notes (or such other notice period as 
may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) redeem, or exercise any other option in relation to all or, if so 
provided, some, of the Notes on any Optional Redemption Date (as defined in the Final Terms) or Option Exercise 
Date (as defined in the Final Terms), as the case may be. Any such redemption of Notes shall be at their Optional 
Redemption Amount together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption, if any. Any such redemption 
must relate to Notes of a nominal amount at least equal to the Minimum Redemption Amount to be redeemed as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms and no greater than the Maximum Redemption Amount to be redeemed as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed, or the Issuer's Option shall be exercised, 
on the date specified in such notice in accordance with this Condition. 
In the case of a partial redemption or a partial exercise of an Issuer's Option in respect of Materialised Notes, the 
notice to holders of such Materialised Notes shall also contain the numbers of the Definitive Materialised Notes 
to be redeemed or in respect of which such option has been exercised, which shall have been drawn in such place

--- Page 54 ---
54 
 
and in such manner as may be fair and reasonable in the circumstances, taking account of prevailing market 
practices, subject to compliance with any applicable laws and Regulated Market requirements. 
In the case of a partial redemption or a partial exercise of an Issuer's Option in respect of Dematerialised Notes, 
the redemption shall be effected by reducing the nominal amount of all such Dematerialised Notes in a Series in 
proportion to the aggregate nominal amount redeemed. 
So long as the Notes are listed and/or admitted to trading on a Regulated Market and the rules of, or applicable to, 
such Regulated Market so require, the Issuer shall, each time there has been a partial redemption of the Notes, 
cause to be published in accordance with Articles 221-3 and 221-4 of the General Regulations (Règlement Général) 
of the Autorité des marchés financiers (the "AMF") and on the website of any other competent authority and/or 
Regulated Market where the Notes are listed and/or admitted to trading, a notice specifying the aggregate nominal 
amount of Notes outstanding and, in the case of Materialised Notes a list of any Materialised Notes, drawn for 
redemption but not surrendered. 
(d) 
Redemption at the option of Noteholders and exercise of Noteholders' Options 
If a Put Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer shall, at the option of the Noteholder, upon the 
Noteholder giving not less than fifteen (15) nor more than thirty (30) days' notice to the Issuer (or such other notice 
period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) redeem such Note on the Optional Redemption Date(s) at 
its Optional Redemption Amount together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption. 
To exercise such option (which must be exercised on any Option Exercise Date specified in the relevant Final 
Terms) the Noteholder must deposit with a Paying Agent at its specified office a duly completed option exercise 
notice (the "Exercise Notice") in the form obtained during normal business hours from any Paying Agent or the 
Registration Agent, as the case may be, within the notice period specified in the relevant Final Terms. In the case 
of Materialised Notes, the Exercise Notice shall have attached to it the relevant Notes (together with all unmatured 
Coupons and Receipts and unexchanged Talons). In the case of Dematerialised Notes, the Noteholder shall 
transfer, or cause to be transferred, the Dematerialised Notes to be redeemed to the account of the Paying Agent 
with a specified office in Paris, as specified in the Exercise Notice. No option so exercised and, where applicable, 
no Note so deposited or transferred, may be withdrawn without the prior consent of the Issuer. 
(e) 
Early Redemption 
A. The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Note, upon redemption of such Note pursuant 
to Condition 6(g) shall be the Final Redemption Amount together with interest accrued to the date 
fixed for redemption. 
B. The Optional Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Note, upon redemption of such Note 
pursuant to Condition 6(c) or 6(d) will be determined by the Calculation Agent on the following basis: 
Optional Redemption Amount" = Y × Specified Denomination 
Where: 
"Y" means the ratio expressed as a percentage specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(f) 
No Redemption for Taxation Reasons 
If French law should require that payments of principal, interest or other revenues in respect of any present or 
future Note be subject to withholding or deduction in respect of any present or future taxes or duties whatsoever, 
such Notes may not be redeemed early. 
(g) 
Redemption due to illegality 
If, by reason of any change in French law, or any change in the official application or interpretation of such law, 
becoming effective after the Issue Date, it would become unlawful for the Issuer to perform or comply with one 
(1) or more of its obligations under the Notes, the Issuer will, subject to having given not more than forty-five (45) 
nor less than thirty (30) days' notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), in accordance with 
Condition 14, redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes at their Early Redemption Amount together with any 
interest accrued to the date set for redemption (including, where applicable, any arrears of interest). 
(h) 
Subscriptions and purchases 
The Issuer shall have the right at all times to subscribe and purchase Notes (provided that, in the case of 
Materialised Notes, all unmatured Coupons and Receipts and unexchanged Talons relating thereto are attached 
thereto or surrendered therewith) in the open market or otherwise (including by tender offer) at any price, subject 
to any applicable laws and regulations and in particular to Article L.513-26 of the French Monetary and Financial 
Code. All Notes so subscribed or purchased by the Issuer may be held and resold in accordance with and within

--- Page 55 ---
55 
 
the limits set out by Articles L.213-0-1 and D.213-0-1 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, as amended 
from time to time. 
(i) 
Cancellation 
All Notes which have been subscribed or purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer may at its sole option be held or 
cancelled in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.  
Notes will be cancelled, in the case of Dematerialised Notes, by transfer to an account in accordance with the rules 
and procedures of Euroclear France and, in the case of Materialised Notes, by surrendering the relevant Temporary 
Global Certificate or the Definitive Materialised Notes in question, together with all unmatured Coupons and 
Receipts and all unexchanged Talons, if applicable, to the Fiscal Agent and, in each case, if so transferred or 
surrendered, shall, together with all Notes redeemed by the Issuer, be cancelled forthwith (together with, in the 
case of Dematerialised Notes, all rights relating to payment of interest and other amounts relating to such 
Dematerialised Notes and, in the case of Definitive Materialised Notes, all unmatured Coupons and Receipts and 
unexchanged Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith). Any Note so cancelled or, where applicable, 
transferred or surrendered for cancellation may not be reissued or resold and the obligations of the Issuer in respect 
of any such Notes shall be discharged. 
7. 
Payments and Talons 
(a) 
Dematerialised Notes  
Payments of principal and interest in respect of Dematerialised Notes shall (i) in the case of Dematerialised Notes 
in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur) or administered registered form (au nominatif administré), be made by 
transfer to the account denominated in the relevant currency of the relevant Account Holders for the benefit of the 
holders of Notes and, (ii) in the case of Dematerialised Notes in fully registered form (au nominatif pur), to an 
account denominated in the relevant currency with a Bank (as defined below) designated by the relevant holder of 
Notes. All payments validly made to such Account Holders or Bank will be an effective discharge of the Issuer in 
respect of such payments. 
(b) 
Definitive Materialised Notes 
(i) 
Method of payment 
Subject as provided below, payments in a Specified Currency will be made by credit or transfer to an 
account denominated in the relevant Specified Currency, or to which the Specified Currency may be 
credited or transferred (which, in the case of a payment in Yen to a non-resident of Japan, shall be a non-
resident account) maintained by the payee with, or, at the option of the payee, by a cheque in such Specified 
Currency drawn on, a bank in the principal financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency 
(which, if the Specified Currency is Euro, shall be any country in the Euro-zone). 
(ii) 
Presentation and surrender of Definitive Materialised Notes, Coupons and Receipts 
Payments of principal in respect of Definitive Materialised Notes will (subject as provided below) be made 
in the manner provided in paragraph (i) above only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of 
partial payment of any sum due, annotation) of such Notes, and payments of interest in respect of Definitive 
Materialised Notes will (subject as provided below) be made as aforesaid only against presentation and 
surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, annotation) of Coupons, in each case at the 
specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States (which expression, as used herein, means 
the United States of America (including the States and the District of Columbia, its territories, its 
possessions and other areas subject to its jurisdiction)). 
Payments of instalments of principal (if any) in respect of Definitive Materialised Notes, other than the 
final instalment, will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner provided in paragraph (i) above 
only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, annotation) of the 
relevant Receipt in accordance with the preceding paragraph. Payment of the final instalment will be made 
in the manner provided in paragraph (i) above only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of 
part payment of any sum due, annotation) of the relevant Note in accordance with the preceding paragraph. 
Each Receipt must be presented for payment of the relevant instalment together with the Definitive 
Materialised Note to which it appertains. Receipts presented without the Definitive Materialised Note to 
which they appertain do not constitute valid obligations of the Issuer. 
Upon the date upon which any Definitive Materialised Note becomes due and payable, unmatured Receipts 
(if any) relating thereto (whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment will be made in respect 
thereof.

--- Page 56 ---
56 
 
Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form should be presented for payment together with all unmatured Coupons 
appertaining thereto (which expression shall for this purpose include Coupons falling to be issued on 
exchange of matured Talons), failing which the amount of any missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case 
of payment not being made in full, the same proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon 
as the sum so paid bears to the sum due) will be deducted from the sum due for payment. Each amount of 
principal so deducted will be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of the relative missing 
Coupon at any time before the expiry of ten (10) years after the Relevant Date in respect of such principal 
(whether or not such Coupon would otherwise have become void under Condition 9) or, if later, five (5) 
years from the date on which such Coupon would otherwise have become due, but in no event thereafter. 
Upon any Fixed Rate Note in definitive form becoming due and repayable prior to its Final Maturity Date 
(or Extended Final Maturity Date, as the case may be), all unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto 
will become void and no further Coupons will be issued in respect thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note in definitive form becomes due and repayable, unmatured 
Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment 
or, as the case may be, exchange for further Coupons shall be made in respect thereof. 
If the due date for redemption of any Definitive Materialised Note is not an Interest Payment Date, interest 
(if any) accrued in respect of such Note from (and including) the preceding Interest Payment Date or, as 
the case may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be payable only against presentation and surrender 
(if appropriate) of the relevant Definitive Materialised Note. 
(c) 
Payments in the United States 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Materialised Notes are denominated in U.S. dollars, payments in respect 
thereof may be made at the specified office of any Paying Agent in New York City in the same manner as aforesaid 
if (i) the Issuer shall have appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States of America 
with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment of the amounts on the 
Notes in the manner provided above when due, (ii) payment in full of such amounts at all such offices is illegal or 
effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions on payment or receipt of such amounts and 
(iii) such payment is then permitted by United States law, without involving, in the opinion of the Issuer, any 
adverse tax consequence to the Issuer. 
(d) 
Payments subject to Fiscal Laws 
All payments are subject in all cases to any applicable fiscal or other laws, regulations and directives in any 
jurisdiction (whether by operation of law or agreement of the Issuer or its Agents) and the Issuer will not be liable 
for any taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by such laws, regulations, directives or agreements. 
No commission or expenses shall be charged to the holders of Notes, Receiptholders or Couponholders in respect 
of such payments. 
(e) 
Appointment of Agents 
The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents and the Calculation Agent initially appointed by the Issuer and their 
respective specified offices are listed at the end of the Base Prospectus relating to the Programme of the Notes of 
the Issuer. The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents and the Registration Agent act solely as agents of the Issuer and 
the Calculation Agent(s) act(s) as independent experts(s) and, in each case such, do not assume any obligation or 
relationship of agency for any Noteholder or Couponholder. The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or 
terminate the appointment of the Fiscal Agent, any other Paying Agent, Registration Agent or Calculation Agent 
and to appoint other Fiscal Agent, Paying Agent(s), Registration Agent(s) or Calculation Agent(s) or additional 
Paying Agent(s), Registration Agent(s) or Calculation Agent(s), provided that the Issuer shall at all times maintain 
(i) a Fiscal Agent, (ii) one (1) or more Calculation Agent(s) where the Conditions so require and provision is made 
for them in the relevant Final Terms, (iii) a Paying Agent having a specified office in at least one (1) major 
European city (including, so long as the Notes are admitted to trading on a Regulated Market of the EEA and so 
long as the rules thereof so require, such city where the Notes are listed and/or admitted to trading), (iv) in the case 
of Dematerialised Notes in fully registered form, a Registration Agent and (v) such other agents as may be required 
by the rules of any other Regulated Market on which the Notes may be listed and/or admitted to trading. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent in New York City in respect of any Materialised 
Notes denominated in U.S. dollars in the circumstances described in paragraph (c) above. 
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office shall promptly be given to the holders of Notes 
in accordance with Condition 14.

--- Page 57 ---
57 
 
(f) 
Talons 
On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a Coupon sheet issued in respect of any 
Materialised Note, the Talon forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified office of the 
Fiscal Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet (and if necessary another Talon for a further Coupon sheet) 
(but excluding any Coupons that may have become void pursuant to Condition 9). 
(g) 
Business Days for Payment 
If any date for payment in respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon is not a business day, the Noteholder (i) shall 
not be entitled to payment until the next following Business Day, or (ii) shall not be entitled to payment until the 
next following Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event such date 
shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day, or (iii) shall be entitled to payment on the 
immediately preceding Business Day (the "Adjusted Payment Date"), as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
In case of Adjusted Payment Date, the Noteholder shall not be entitled to any interest or other sum in respect of 
such postponed or prepared payment. In this paragraph, "Business Day" means a day (other than a Saturday or a 
Sunday) (A) (i) in the case of Dematerialised Notes, on which Euroclear France is open for business or (ii) in the 
case of Materialised Notes, on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for business in the relevant 
place of presentation, (B) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for general business in the city 
of the Paying Agent's specified office, (C) in such jurisdictions as shall be specified as "Financial Centre(s)" in 
the relevant Final Terms and (D) (i) in the case of a payment in a currency other than Euro, where payment is to 
be made by transfer to an account maintained with a bank in the relevant currency, on which foreign exchange 
transactions may be carried on in the relevant currency in the principal financial centre of the country of such 
currency or (ii) in the case of a payment in Euro, which is a TARGET Business Day. 
(h) 
Bank 
For the purpose of this Condition 7, "Bank" means a bank in the principal financial centre of the relevant currency 
or, in the case of Euro, in a city in which banks have access to the TARGET System or any successor thereto. 
8. 
Taxation 
(a) 
Withholding tax 
All payments of principal, interest and other revenues by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the Notes shall be 
made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental 
charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or within France or any authority 
therein or thereof having power to tax, unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. 
(b) 
No Additional Amounts 
If any law would require that payments of principal, interest or other revenues in respect of any present or future 
Note or any present or future Receipt or Coupon relating thereto, be subject to withholding or deduction in respect 
of any present or future taxes or duties whatsoever, the Issuer will not be required to pay any additional amounts 
in respect of any such withholding or deduction. 
9. 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of any amount due under the Notes, Coupons and Receipts (which 
for this purpose shall not include Talons) shall be prescribed and become void unless made within ten (10) years 
(in the case of principal) or five (5) years (in the case of interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date in respect of 
them. 
10. 
Representation of Noteholders  
Subject to the provisions of Condition 10(i) below with respect to Notes issued with a denomination of less than 
€100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency at the date of the issue of such Notes), the Noteholders will, in 
respect of all Tranches of the relevant Series, be grouped automatically for the defence of their common interests 
in a masse (the "Masse"), which will be governed by the provisions of Article L.228-46 et seq. of the French 
Commercial Code as amended or supplemented by this Condition 10.  
The Masse alone, to the exclusion of all individual Noteholders, shall exercise the common rights, actions and 
benefits which may accrue with respect to the Notes, without prejudice to the rights that Noteholders may exercise 
individually in accordance with, and subject to, the provisions of the terms and conditions of the Notes. 
(a) 
Legal Personality 
The Masse will be a separate legal entity and will act in part through a representative (the "Representative") and

--- Page 58 ---
58 
 
in part through collective decisions of the Noteholders (the "Collective Decisions"). 
(b) 
Representative  
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Representative appointed in respect of all Tranches of 
all Series of Notes (including all subsequent Tranches in such Series) will be: 
SELARL MCM AVOCAT 
Represented by Me Antoine LACHENAUD 
10, rue de Sèze  
75009 Paris 
Tel : +33 1 53 43 36 00 
Fax : +33 1 53 43 36 01 
The alternate Representative will be: 
Maître Philippe MAISONNEUVE 
Avocat 
10, rue de Sèze  
75009 Paris 
Tel: +33 1 53 43 36 00 
Fax: +33 1 53 43 36 01 
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer shall pay to the Representative an amount of 
five hundred euros (€500) per year and per Series of Notes so long as any of the Notes of such Series is outstanding. 
No additional remuneration is payable in relation to any subsequent Tranche of any given Series. 
In the event of liquidation, resignation, dissolution or revocation of appointment of the Representative, such 
Representative will be replaced by its alternate. In the event of death, liquidation, resignation or revocation of 
appointment of the alternate Representative, another Representative may be appointed. 
(c) 
Powers of the Representative 
The Representative shall (in the absence of any Collective Decision to the contrary and except as provided by 
paragraph 1 of Article L.513-24 under the French Monetary and Financial Code) have the power to take all acts 
of management necessary in order to defend the common interests of the Noteholders, with the capacity to delegate 
its powers. 
All legal proceedings against the Noteholders or initiated by them, must be brought by or against the 
Representative, except that, should safeguard proceedings (procédure de sauvegarde), judicial reorganisation 
(redressement judiciaire) or judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) be commenced against the Issuer, the 
specific controller (contrôleur spécifique) would file the evidence of debt of all creditors (including the holders of 
the Notes) of the Issuer benefiting from the Privilège pursuant to Article L.513-24 of the French Monetary and 
Financial Code. 
(d) 
Collective Decisions  
Collective Decisions are adopted either (i) in a general meeting (the "General Meeting"), (ii) by unanimous 
consent of the Noteholders following a written consultation (the "Written Unanimous Decision") or (iii) by the 
consent of one or more Noteholders holding together at least 80 per cent. of the principal amount of the Notes 
outstanding, following a written consultation (the "Written Majority Decision"). 
In accordance with Article R.228-71 of the French Commercial Code, the rights of each Noteholder to participate 
in Collective Decisions will be evidenced by the entries in the books of the relevant Account Holder or the Issuer 
or the Registration Agent (as the case may be) of the name of such Noteholder as of 0:00 Paris time, on the second 
(2nd) business day in Paris preceding the date set for the Collective Decision. 
The Issuer shall hold a register of the Collective Decisions and shall make it available, upon request, to any 
subsequent holder of any of the Notes of such Series. 
(i) 
General Meetings 
General Meetings may deliberate validly on first convocation only if the Noteholders present or 
represented hold at least one-fifth (1/5) of the principal amount of the Notes then outstanding. On 
second convocation, no quorum shall be required. The decisions of the General Meeting shall be taken 
by a two-third (2/3) majority of votes held by the Noteholders attending such General Meeting or 
represented thereat.

--- Page 59 ---
59 
 
Notice of the date, time, place and agenda of any General Meeting will be published in accordance 
with Condition 10(h) not less than fifteen (15) calendar days prior to the date of the General Meeting 
on first convocation and not less than five (5) calendar days prior to the date of the General Meeting 
on second convocation. 
Each Noteholder has the right to participate in a General Meeting in person, by proxy or by 
correspondence.  
Each Noteholder or representative thereof will have the right to consult or make a copy of the text of 
the resolutions which will be proposed and of the reports, if any, which will be presented at the General 
Meeting, all of which will be available for inspection by the relevant Noteholders at the registered 
office of the Issuer and at any other place specified in the notice of the General Meeting, during the 
fifteen (15) calendar day period preceding the holding of the General Meeting on first convocation, or 
during the five (5) calendar day period preceding the holding of the General Meeting on second 
convocation. 
(ii) Written Decisions 
At the initiative of the Issuer, Collective Decisions may also be taken by Written Unanimous 
Decisions or Written Majority Decisions. Any such decision shall, for all purposes, have the same 
effect as a resolution passed at a General Meeting of such Noteholders. Such Written Unanimous 
Decision or, as the case may be, such Written Majority Decision, may be contained in one document, 
or in several documents in like form each signed by or on behalf of one or more of such Noteholders. 
(a) Written Unanimous Decision 
Written Unanimous Decisions shall be signed by or on behalf of all the Noteholders without having 
to comply with formalities and time limits referred to in Condition 10(d)(i). Approval of a Written 
Unanimous Decision may also be given by way of electronic communication allowing the 
identification of Noteholders in accordance with Article L.228-46-1 of the French Commercial Code 
("Electronic Consent").  
(b) Written Majority Decision  
Notices seeking the approval of a Written Majority Decision will be published as provided under 
Condition 10(h) no less than 15 calendar days prior to the date fixed for the passing of such Written 
Majority Decision (the "Written Majority Decision Date"). Notices seeking the approval of a 
Written Majority Decision will contain the conditions of form and time limits to be complied with by 
the Noteholders who wish to express their approval or rejection of such proposed Written Majority 
Decision. Noteholders expressing their approval or rejection before the Written Majority Decision 
Date will undertake not to dispose of their Notes until after the Written Majority Decision Date. 
Written Majority Decisions shall be signed by one or more Noteholders holding together at least 75 
per cent. of the principal amount of the Notes outstanding without having to comply with formalities 
and time limits referred to in Condition 10(d)(i). Approval of a Written Majority Decision may also 
be given by Electronic Consent.  
(iii) Exclusion of certain provisions of the French Commercial Code 
The provisions of Article L.228-65 I. 1° of the French Commercial Code and the related provisions 
of the French Commercial Code shall not apply to the Notes.  
(e) 
Expenses  
The Issuer shall pay all expenses relating to the operations of the Masse, including all expenses relating to the 
calling and holding of Collective Decisions and, more generally, all administrative expenses resolved upon by 
Collective Decisions, it being expressly stipulated that no expenses may be imputed against interest payable under 
the Notes. 
(f) 
Single Masse  
The holders of Notes of the same Tranche, and the holders of Notes of any other Tranche which have been 
assimilated with the Notes of such first mentioned Tranche in accordance with Condition 13, shall, for the defence 
of their respective common interests, be grouped in a single Masse. 
(g) 
Sole Noteholder 
If and for so long as the Notes of any Series are held by a sole Noteholder and unless a Representative has been 
appointed in relation to such Series, such Noteholder shall exercise all powers, rights and obligations entrusted to

--- Page 60 ---
60 
 
the Representative and to the Noteholders acting through Collective Decisions by the provisions of the French 
Commercial Code. 
From the date of appointment of the Representative in relation to any Series, if and for so long as the Notes of 
such Series are held by a sole Noteholder, such Noteholder shall exercise all powers, rights and obligations 
entrusted to the Noteholders acting through Collective Decisions by the provisions of the French Commercial 
Code. 
The Issuer shall hold a register of the decisions taken by the sole Noteholder in this capacity and shall make it 
available, upon request, to any subsequent holder of any of the Notes of such Series. 
(h) 
Notices to Noteholders 
Any notice to be given to Noteholders in accordance with this Condition 10 shall be given in accordance with 
Condition 14. 
(i) 
Full Masse  
For Notes issued with a denomination of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency at the date of 
the issue of such Notes), Condition 10 shall apply to the Notes subject to the following modifications: 
(i) 
Condition 10(d)(iii) shall not apply to the Notes; and  
(ii) 
except if the Final Terms specify "Issue outside France" as applicable, Condition 10(e) shall be deleted 
and replaced by the following: 
"(e) Expenses 
The Issuer shall pay all expenses relating to the operations of the Masse, including all expenses relating 
to the calling and holding of Collective Decisions and, more generally, all administrative expenses 
resolved upon by Collective Decisions." 
11. 
Replacement of Definitive Materialised Notes, Coupons, Talons and Receipts 
If, in the case of any Materialised Notes, a Definitive Materialised Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon is lost, stolen, 
mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced, subject to applicable laws, regulations and Regulated Market 
regulations, at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent or such other Paying Agent as may from time to time be 
designated by the Issuer for this purpose and notice of whose designation is given to Noteholders, in each case on 
payment by the claimant of the fees and costs incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence, 
security and indemnity (which may provide, inter alia, that if the allegedly lost, stolen or destroyed Definitive 
Materialised Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon is subsequently presented for payment or, as the case may be, for 
exchange for further Coupons, there shall be paid to the Issuer on demand the amount payable by the Issuer in 
respect of such Definitive Materialised Notes, Receipts, Coupons or further Coupons) and otherwise as the Issuer 
may require. Mutilated or defaced Materialised Notes, Coupons, Talons or Receipts must be surrendered before 
replacements will be issued. 
12. 
Limited recourse, Non-petition 
(a) 
Limited recourse 
By subscribing or acquiring any Note, each Noteholder will be automatically deemed to have: 
(i) 
expressly and irrevocably waived any contractual claim or action (action en responsabilité contractuelle) 
it may have against the Issuer or against any of its assets and any action for payment of any sum which is 
not expressed as being payable to it by the Issuer under the Notes and these Conditions; 
(ii) 
expressly and irrevocably agreed not to seek recourse under any obligation, covenant or agreement of the 
Issuer under the Notes and these Conditions against any shareholder, member of the board of directors 
(conseil d'administration), chief executive officer (directeur général), vice chief executive officer 
(directeur général délégué) or agent of the Issuer, by the enforcement of any assessment or by any 
proceedings, by virtue of any statute or otherwise; it being expressly agreed and understood that any 
obligation of the Issuer under the Notes and these Conditions is a corporate obligation of the Issuer, and 
that no personal liability shall attach to or be incurred by the shareholders, members of the board of directors 
(conseil d'administration), chief executive officers (directeurs généraux), vice chief executive officers 
(directeurs généraux délégués) or agents of the Issuer, as such, or any of them under or by reason of any of 
the obligations, covenants or agreements of the Issuer contained in the Notes and these Conditions or 
implied therefrom and, to waive any and all personal liability of every such shareholder, member of the 
board of directors (conseil d'administration), chief executive officer (directeur général), vice chief

--- Page 61 ---
61 
 
executive officer (directeur général délégué) or agent of the Issuer for breaches by the Issuer of any of its 
obligations, covenants or agreements under the Notes and these Conditions; 
(iii) 
without prejudice to Condition 12(c), expressly and irrevocably waived any claim it may have (a) against 
the Issuer or against any of its assets for sums in excess of the amount of the assets of the Issuer which are 
available for making payment on such date subject to the rights of any creditor benefiting from the Privilège 
and (b) against any asset of the Issuer which are subject to the Privilège. 
(b) 
Non-petition 
By subscribing to any Note, each Noteholder will be automatically deemed to have expressly agreed that prior to 
the date which is eighteen (18) months and one (1) day after the latter of (i) the Final Maturity Date (or the Extended 
Final Maturity Date, as the case may be) of the last series of Notes issued by the Issuer under the Programme, or 
(ii) the date of payment of any sums outstanding and owing under the latest outstanding Note: 
(i) 
it will not take any corporate action or other steps or legal proceedings for the winding-up, dissolution, 
organisation, for the appointment of a receiver, administrator, administrative receiver, trustee, liquidator, 
examiner, sequestrator or similar officer, or the opening of receivership proceedings or insolvency or 
bankruptcy proceedings (sauvegarde, redressement or liquidation judiciaires) or any other similar 
proceedings in any relevant jurisdiction, for the Issuer or for any or all of the Issuer's revenues and assets; 
and 
(ii) 
it will not have any right to take steps for the purpose of obtaining payment of any amounts payable to it 
under the Notes and these Conditions by the Issuer and shall not until such time take any step to recover 
any debts whatsoever owing to it by the Issuer otherwise than in accordance with, and subject to, these 
Conditions. 
(c) 
Privilège 
Conditions 12(a) and 12(b)(ii) shall not prejudice the rights of the holders of Notes with respect to the payment of 
any claim benefiting from the Privilège. 
13. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders, Receiptholders or Couponholders create 
and issue further Notes to be assimilated (assimilées for the purpose of French law) with the Notes provided such 
Notes and the further Notes carry rights identical in all respects (or identical in all respects save as to the principal 
amount thereof and the first (1st) payment of interest specified in the relevant Final Terms) and that the terms of 
such Notes provide for such assimilation, and references in these Conditions to "Notes" shall be construed 
accordingly. 
14. 
Notices 
(a) 
Notices to the holders of Dematerialised Notes in registered form (au nominatif) shall be valid if either, 
(i) they are mailed to them at their respective addresses, in which case they will be deemed to have been 
given on the fourth (4th) weekday (being a day other than a Saturday or a Sunday) after the mailing, or (ii) 
at the option of the Issuer, they are published (A) so long as such Notes are admitted to trading on Euronext 
Paris, in a leading daily financial newspaper of general circulation in France (which is expected to be Les 
Echos) or (B) in a leading daily financial newspaper of general circulation in Europe or (C) in accordance 
with Articles 221-3 and 221-4 of the General Regulations (Règlement Général) of the AMF and so long as 
such Notes are listed and/or admitted to trading on any Regulated Market, in a leading daily financial 
newspaper with general circulation in the city/ies where the Regulated Market(s) on which such Notes are 
listed and/or admitted to trading, if the rules applicable to such Regulated Market(s) so require. 
(b) 
Notices to the holders of Materialised Notes and Dematerialised Notes in bearer form (au porteur) shall be 
valid if, at the option of the Issuer, they are published (i) so long as such Notes are admitted to trading on 
Euronext Paris, in a leading daily financial newspaper of general circulation in France (which is expected 
to be Les Echos), or (ii) in a daily leading financial newspaper of general circulation in Europe or (iii) in 
accordance with Articles 221-3 and 221-4 of the General Regulations (Règlement Général) of the AMF 
and so long as such Notes are listed and/or admitted to trading on any Regulated Market, in a leading daily 
financial newspaper with general circulation in the city/ies where the Regulated Market(s), on which such 
Notes are listed and/or admitted to trading is located, if the rules applicable to such Regulated Market(s) so 
require.

--- Page 62 ---
62 
 
(c) 
If any such publication is not practicable, notice shall be validly given if published in another leading daily 
English language financial newspaper with general circulation in Europe. Any such notice shall be deemed 
to have been given on the date of such publication or, if published more than once or on different dates, on 
the date of the first publication as provided above. Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes to have 
notice of the contents of any notice given to the holders of Materialised Notes in accordance with this 
Condition. 
(d) 
Notices required to be given to the holders of Dematerialised Notes (whether in registered or in bearer 
form) pursuant to these Conditions may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear France, 
Euroclear, Clearstream and any other clearing system through which the Notes are for the time being cleared 
in substitution for the mailing and publication as required by Conditions 14(a), (b), (c), above; except that 
so long as such Notes are listed and/or admitted to trading on any Regulated Market(s) and the rules 
applicable to such Regulated Market(s) so require, notices shall also be published in a leading daily financial 
newspaper with general circulation in the city/ies where the Regulated Market(s) on which such Notes are 
listed and/or admitted to trading are/is situated. 
15. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing Law 
The Notes, Coupons, Talons and Receipts are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, French law. 
(b) 
Jurisdiction 
Any claim against the Issuer in connection with any Notes, Coupons, Talons or Receipts may be brought before 
the competent courts of the Issuer's head office.

--- Page 63 ---
63 
 
TEMPORARY GLOBAL CERTIFICATES IN RESPECT OF MATERIALISED NOTES 
Temporary Global Certificates 
A temporary global certificate without interest coupons (a "Temporary Global Certificate") will initially be 
issued in connection with each Tranche of Materialised Notes, which will be delivered on or prior to the issue date 
of the Tranche with a common depositary (the "Common Depositary") for Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") 
and for Clearstream Banking, S.A. ("Clearstream"). Upon the delivery of such Temporary Global Certificate with 
a Common Depositary, Euroclear and Clearstream will credit each subscriber with a nominal amount of Notes 
equal to the nominal amount thereof for which it has subscribed and paid. 
The Common Depositary may also credit with a nominal amount of Notes the accounts of subscribers (if indicated 
in the relevant Final Terms) in other clearing systems through direct or indirect accounts with Euroclear and 
Clearstream held by such other clearing systems. Conversely, a nominal amount of Notes that is initially deposited 
with any other clearing system may similarly be credited to the accounts of subscribers with Euroclear, 
Clearstream, or other clearing systems.  
Exchange 
Each Temporary Global Certificate issued in respect of Materialised Notes will be exchangeable, free of charge to 
the holder, on or after its Exchange Date (as defined below): 
(i) 
if the relevant Final Terms indicates that such Temporary Global Certificate is issued in compliance with 
the U.S. Treas. Reg. §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) and any successor regulation issued under the Hiring Incentives 
to Restore Employment Act of 2010 (the "Hire Act") (the "TEFRA C Rules") or in a transaction to which 
"registration required obligations" under the United States Tax Equity and Fiscal Responsibility Act of 
1982, is not applicable, in whole, but not in part, for Definitive Materialised Notes; and  
(ii) 
otherwise, in whole but not in part, upon certification if required under U.S. Treasury Regulation section 
1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D)(3) and any successor regulation issued under the Hire Act as to non-U.S. beneficial 
ownership for Definitive Materialised Notes. 
Delivery of Definitive Materialised Notes 
On or after its Exchange Date, the holder of a Temporary Global Certificate may surrender such Temporary Global 
Certificate to, or to the order of, the Fiscal Agent. In exchange for any Temporary Global Certificate, the Issuer 
will deliver, or procure the delivery of, an equal aggregate nominal amount of duly executed and authenticated 
Definitive Materialised Notes. In this Base Prospectus, "Definitive Materialised Notes" means, in relation to any 
Temporary Global Certificate, the Definitive Materialised Notes for which such Temporary Global Certificate may 
be exchanged (if appropriate, having attached to it all Coupons and Receipts in respect of interest or Instalment 
Amounts that have not already been paid on the Temporary Global Certificate and a Talon). Definitive Materialised 
Notes will be security printed in accordance with any applicable legal and stock exchange requirement. 
Exchange Date 
"Exchange Date" means, in relation to a Temporary Global Certificate in respect of any Materialised Notes, the 
day falling after the expiry of forty (40) days after its issue date, provided that in the event any further Materialised 
Notes which are to be assimilated (assimilées for the purpose of French law) with such first (1st) mentioned 
Materialised Notes are issued prior to such day pursuant to Condition 13, the Exchange Date may, at the option of 
the Issuer, be postponed to the day falling after the expiry of forty (40) days after the issue date of such further 
Materialised Notes. 
In the case of Materialised Notes with an initial maturity of more than three hundred and sixty-five (365) days 
(and that are not relying on the TEFRA C Rules), the Temporary Global Certificate shall bear the following legend: 
ANY UNITED STATES PERSON (AS DEFINED IN THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF THE UNITED 
STATES) WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED 
STATES FEDERAL INCOME TAX LAWS INCLUDING THE LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 
165(j) AND 1287 (a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED.

--- Page 64 ---
64 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the net proceeds of the issue of the Notes will be used for 
financing secured loans, exposures, securities and other assets eligible to sociétés de crédit foncier, as referred to 
in Article L.513-2.I-1° of the French Monetary and Financial Code. 
In particular, the net proceeds of the issue of Notes will be used to fund advances that the Issuer (as lender) will 
make available to My Money Bank (as borrower) under the Facility Agreement (see section entitled "Description 
of the Issuer – Business overview"). Such net proceeds could also be used to fund purchases by the Issuer of 
Eligible Assets (as defined in section entitled "Description of the Issuer – Business overview") such as assets to be 
granted as collateral with the Banque de France in accordance with the rules of the Eurosystem.

--- Page 65 ---
65 
 
MAIN FEATURES OF THE LEGISLATION AND REGULATIONS RELATING TO SOCIÉTÉS DE 
CRÉDIT FONCIER 
Please note that the paragraphs below relating to the laws and regulations applicable to sociétés de crédit foncier 
are based on French laws and regulations in force as at the date of this Base Prospectus and should be read in 
conjunction with, as the case may be, any relevant instruction from the Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de 
résolution (the "French Banking Authority") or ministerial order published or as amended from time to time in 
respect of sociétés de crédit foncier. 
Entities entitled to issue obligations foncières 
Sociétés de crédit foncier are specialised credit institutions (établissements de crédit spécialisés) authorised to act 
as société de crédit foncier by the French Banking Authority. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the legal and regulatory regime applicable to sociétés de crédit foncier 
results from the following provisions: 
- 
Articles L.513-2 to L.513-27 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (as amended from time to time); 
- 
Articles R.513-1 to R.513-18 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (as amended from time to time); 
- 
regulation (règlement) no.99-10 dated 9 July 1999 relating to sociétés de crédit foncier and sociétés de 
financement de l'habitat, issued by the Banking and Financial Regulatory Committee (the (Comité de la 
Règlementation Bancaire et Financière) (as amended from time to time) (the "99-10 Regulation"); and 
- 
the various directives (instructions) relating or applicable to sociétés de crédit foncier issued by the 
French Banking Authority (as amended from time to time). 
Pursuant to Article L.513-2 I of the French Monetary and Financial Code, the exclusive legal purpose of sociétés 
de crédit foncier is to grant or acquire either secured loans, exposures to public entities or other eligible securities 
and, in order to finance these assets, issue obligations foncières (or incur other forms of borrowings) which benefit 
from the Privilège (as defined in the paragraph below entitled "Privilège relating to the Notes and certain other 
obligations of the Issuer"). In order to finance these activities, Article L.513-2 II of the French Monetary and 
Financial Code also allows sociétés de crédit foncier to issue ordinary notes or raise funds which do not benefit 
from this Privilège. 
The recent amendments to the above-mentioned legal and regulatory regime applicable to sociétés de crédit 
foncier, which entered into force on 8 July 2022, have been made by: 
- 
Decree-law (ordonnance) No.2021-858 dated 30 June 2021 transposing Directive (EU) 2019/2162 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 27 November 2019 on the issuance of covered bonds and the 
public supervision of covered bonds (the "Covered Bond Directive");  
- 
Decree (décret) No.2021-898 dated 6 July 2021 transposing the Covered Bond Directive; 
- 
Decree (décret) No.2022-766 dated 2 May 2022 completing the transposition of the Covered Bond 
Directive; 
- 
Ministerial decree (arrêté) dated 7 July 2021 amending regulation (règlement) No.99-10 dated 9 July 
1999 relating to the sociétés de crédit foncier and sociétés de financement de l'habitat; 
- 
Instruction No.2022-I-03 of the French Banking Authority on the coverage ratio of sociétés de crédit 
foncier and sociétés de financement de l'habitat and the regulatory statements mentioned in article 10 of 
regulation (règlement) No.99-10 dated 9 July 1999 relating to the sociétés de crédit foncier and sociétés 
de financement de l'habitat; 
- 
Instruction No.2022-I-04 of the French Banking Authority on the publication by sociétés de crédit foncier 
and sociétés de financement de l'habitat of information related to the quality of the assets financed and 
respectively, their outstanding obligations foncières and obligations de financement de l'habitat; and 
- 
Instruction No.2022-I-05 of the French Banking Authority on the information to be provided to the French 
Banking Authority by the sociétés de crédit foncier and sociétés de financement de l'habitat in the context 
of the granting of the "European Covered Bond" and "European Covered Bond (Premium)" labels. 
This new regime also aims to take into account the amendments of Article 129 of Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of 
the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 (the "CRR II Regulation") as amended by Regulation

--- Page 66 ---
66 
 
(EU) 2019/2160 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 November 2019 (the "Covered Bond 
Regulation"). 
The entry into force of the above-mentioned amendments to the legal and regulatory regime does not alter the 
qualification of covered bonds for bonds issued prior to 8 July 2022 and which already could qualify as such at 
such date, nor the prudential preferential treatments associated to this qualification. 
Eligible assets  
In accordance with the French current legal framework applicable to sociétés de crédit foncier, the eligible assets 
of sociétés de crédit foncier comprise, inter alia: 
(i) 
secured loans which, in accordance with Article L.513-3 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, 
include (i) loans which are secured by a first-ranking mortgage or other real estate security interests that 
are at least equivalent to such first-ranking mortgage, or (ii) loans whose purpose is to finance real estates 
and that are guaranteed by a credit institution, financing company (société de financement) or an insurance 
company which does not belong to the same group as the relevant société de crédit foncier, according to 
Article L.233-16 of the French Commercial Code. The financed or securing property must be located in 
France or in any other member state of the European Union ("EU") or European Economic Area ("EEA") 
or in a state benefiting from the highest level of credit quality (meilleur échelon de qualité de crédit) 
assigned by an external rating agency recognised by the French Banking Authority as provided in Article 
L.511-44 of the French Monetary and Financial Code. Article R.513-1 of the French Monetary and 
Financial Code provides that a secured loan may only be refinanced by a société de crédit foncier within 
the limits of the lesser of its outstanding amount and a percentage of the value of the financed or securing 
property (sixty per cent (60%), eighty per cent (80%) with respect to housing acquisition and/or 
construction loans granted to natural persons, or one hundred per cent (100%) with respect to loans 
benefiting from certain French State guarantees); 
(ii) 
exposures to, or fully guaranteed by, public sector entities which comply with the provisions of Article 
L.513-4 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, such as, without limitation, (i) central authorities, 
central banks, public institutions (établissements publics), local authorities or their groupings (collectivités 
territoriales ou leurs groupements) of a member state of the EU only, (ii) central authorities or central 
banks of states that (x) are not members of the EU, but (y) benefit from the highest level of credit quality 
(meilleur échelon de qualité de crédit) established by an external rating agency recognised by the French 
Banking Authority as provided in Article L.511-44 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, (iii) the 
international organisations mentioned in Article 118 of the Regulation (EU) 575/2013 of 26 June 2013, 
multilateral development banks mentioned in Article 117 of the same Regulation, and other international 
organisations and multilateral development banks, each benefiting from the highest level of credit quality 
established by an external rating agency recognised by the French Banking Authority in accordance with 
Article L.511-44 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, (iv) public institutions and local authorities 
or their groupings located in a state that is neither a member state of the EU nor party to the EEA if financial 
exposure to such entities are subject, for the determination of capital adequacy, to the same requirements 
as those used for receivables granted to central authorities, central banks or credit institutions, or fully 
guaranteed by such entities, and benefiting from the highest level of credit quality established by an external 
rating agency recognised by the French Banking Authority and (v) (x) central administrations and central 
banks located in states that are not member states of the EU, (y) public institutions and local authorities and 
their groupings mentioned in (ii), (iii) and (iv) above, each benefiting from the second-highest level of 
credit quality established by an external rating agency recognised by the French Banking Authority, 
provided that such exposures mentioned in the present paragraph (ii)(v) are limited to 20% of the total 
outstanding nominal amount of the obligations foncières and other sources of financing benefiting from the 
Privilège; 
(iii) 
pursuant to Article L.513-6 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, exposures secured by the 
remittance, transfer or pledge over receivables (be they trade receivables or not) granted by the société de 
crédit foncier with the benefit from Articles L.211-38 to L.211-40 or Articles L.313-23 to L.313-35 of the 
French Monetary and Financial Code are assimilated to exposures referred to in Article L.513-3 of the 
French Monetary and Financial Code, subject to these receivables complying with the conditions set out by 
article L.513-4 of the French Monetary and Financial Code; 
(iv) 
promissory notes (billets à ordre) governed by Article L.313-42 et seq. of the French Monetary and 
Financial Code, provided that, pursuant to Article L.513-6 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, the 
receivables refinanced by such promissory notes satisfy the conditions set out in Article L.513-3 of the 
French Monetary and Financial Code; and/or

--- Page 67 ---
67 
 
(v) 
loans secured by the remittance, the assignment or the pledge of receivables pursuant to and in accordance 
with the provisions of Articles L.211-36 to L.211-40 or Articles L.313-23 to L.313-35 of the French 
Monetary and Financial Code, regardless of the nature of such receivables, professional or otherwise, 
provided that, pursuant to Article L.513-6 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, they satisfy the 
conditions set out in Article L.513-3 of the French Monetary and Financial Code. 
Pursuant to Articles L.513-7 and R.513-6 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, sociétés de crédit foncier 
might make investments in securities, exposures or deposits which are sufficiently secure and liquid, whose debtors 
are credit institutions (établissements de crédit), investment firms (entreprises d'investissement) or asset 
management companies (sociétés de gestion de portefeuille) with the highest credit quality level (meilleur échelon 
de qualité de crédit) or second credit quality level (deuxième échelon de qualité de crédit) assigned by an external 
rating agency recognised by the French Banking Authority pursuant to Article L.511-44 of the French Monetary 
and Financial Code; the exposures on credit institutions (établissements de crédit) with highest credit quality level 
(meilleur échelon de qualité de crédit) shall not exceed fifteen per cent. (15%) of the total amount of the liabilities 
of the société de crédit foncier which benefit from the Privilège and the exposures on credit institutions 
(établissements de crédit) with second credit quality level (deuxième échelon de qualité de crédit) shall not exceed 
ten per cent. (10%) of such total amount of liabilities. 
If any debt has a maturity of less than one hundred (100) days, the rating can be the third highest level of credit 
quality (troisième meilleur échelon de crédit) for purposes of consideration as replacement assets. 
Pursuant to Article L.513-9 of the French Monetary and Financial Code and Article 13 of the 99-10 Regulation, 
sociétés de crédit foncier must send every quarter to the French Banking Authority information relating to the 
quality of its eligible assets and the outstanding amount of obligations foncières. This report is published within 
forty-five (45) calendar days of the general meeting approving the financial statements of the last ended year. In 
addition, according to Article L.513-9 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, sociétés de crédit foncier must 
also publish on their website every quarter a report containing information relating to the issuance of obligations 
foncières and other resources benefiting from the Privilège, as mentioned in paragraph 2 of the I of Article L.513-
2 of the French Monetary and Financial Code in order to enable investors to assess the profile of the loans, 
securities, deposits and exposures to be financed and the risks associated thereto (on 31 December 2021, the asset 
cover ratio certified by the specific controller (contrôleur spécifique) was equal to 117.76%). 
In addition, pursuant to Article L.513-9 of the French Monetary and Financial Code and Article 5 of the 99-10 
Regulation, 
the 
Issuer 
will 
publish 
on 
the 
website 
of 
My 
Money 
Bank 
(www.mymoneybank.com/en/organization/investor-reports) a report (which must be attached to its annual report) 
on the valuation and the methods for the periodic review of real estate assets values financed by loans which are 
eligible assets of a société de crédit foncier or used as collateral on such loans, along with a due diligence record 
(piste d'audit). 
Pursuant to Article R.513-18 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, sociétés de crédit foncier must keep 
records of all loans made available by it or acquired by it. This record must specify the type and value of the 
security and guarantees attached to such loans and the type and amount of the liabilities benefiting from the 
Privilège. 
Cover ratio 
Pursuant to Articles L.513-12 and R.513-8 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, sociétés de crédit foncier 
must, at all times, maintain a ratio of at least one hundred and five per cent (105%) between its eligible assets 
(including claims for payment owed in relation to forward financial instruments benefiting from the Privilège) and 
the total amount of its liabilities benefiting from the Privilège, as calculated pursuant to Articles 6 to 11 of the 99-
10 Regulation. 
Pursuant to Article 8 of the 99-10 Regulation, the ratio's denominator mentioned in Article R.513-8 of the French 
Monetary and Financial Code is comprised of obligations foncières and other resources benefiting from the 
Privilège. 
Pursuant to Article 9 of the 99-10 Regulation, the ratio's numerator mentioned in Article R.513-8 of the French 
Monetary and Financial Code is made up of all assets, loans and exposures eligible in accordance with the laws 
and regulations applicable to sociétés de crédit foncier (see section entitled "Eligible assets") (including claims for 
payment owed in relation to forward financial instruments benefiting from the Privilège) weighted as follows: 
- 
in the case of exposures to public entities (expositions sur des personnes publiques), they are accounted 
for at their accounting value (one hundred per cent (100%) weighting); 
- 
in the case of secured home loans, they are weighted as follows:

--- Page 68 ---
68 
 
o 
as regards home loans secured by a first ranking mortgage, according to Article R.513-1 of the French 
Monetary and Financial Code, the lesser of (i) its outstanding amount and (ii) the product of the value 
of the financed or securing property and a financing portion (quotité de financement) of (x) sixty per 
cent (60%) with respect to commercial property (bien immobilier commercial), (y) eighty per cent 
(80%) with respect to housing acquisition and/or construction loans granted to natural persons (bien 
immobilier résidentiel), it being specified that the value of such properties that are still to be built 
shall be their price of future completion (prix de vente en l'état futur d'achèvement), or (z) one 
hundred per cent (100%) with respect to loans benefiting from certain French State guarantees); 
o 
the home loans secured by a guarantee (cautionnement) issued by a guarantor (société de caution) 
which does not fall within the scope of consolidation, as defined in Article L.233-16 of the French 
Commercial Code, of the société de crédit foncier are given a weighting percentage depending on 
their rating as follows: 
- 
one hundred per cent (100%) for the guarantor (société de caution) benefiting from at least the 
second level of credit assessment (deuxième meilleur échelon de qualité de crédit) given by an 
external rating agency recognised by the French Banking Authority; and 
- 
zero per cent (0%) otherwise; 
o 
the residential mortgage backed securities subscribed by a société de crédit foncier are given a 
weighting percentage depending on (x) whether or not the entity assigning the assets underlying the 
residential mortgage backed securities belongs to the same consolidation scope as the société de 
crédit foncier, (y) the date on which the residential mortgage backed securities were subscribed by 
the société de crédit foncier and (z) the level of the rating of such residential mortgage backed 
securities; such weighting percentage depending on the date of subscription of the residential 
mortgage backed securities by the société de crédit foncier. 
The assets enabling to meet the cover requirements shall include any security received in relation to positions on 
forward financial instruments. 
If the exposures to assets over companies falling within the same scope of consolidation as the société de crédit 
foncier (as defined in Article L.233-16 of the French Commercial Code) or over related companies within the 
meaning of EC Directive 83/349/CEE relating to consolidated accounts, are over twenty five per cent (25%) of 
the resources which do not benefit from the Privilège, is deducted from the ratio's numerator mentioned in Article 
R.513-8 of the French Monetary and Financial Code a sum corresponding to the difference between (i) such 
exposures on such companies, and (ii) a sum corresponding to the percentage of twenty five per cent (25%) of the 
resources which do not benefit from the Privilège and other assets received as collateral, pledge or full transfer of 
ownership in accordance with Articles L.211-36 to L.211-40, L.313-23 to L.313-25 and L.342 to L.313-49 of the 
French Monetary and Financial Code. 
In the case the assets of the société de crédit foncier is composed of receivables guaranteed by collateral assets in 
accordance with Articles L.211-36 to L.211-40, L.313-23 to L.313-35, and L.313-42 to L.313-49 of the French 
Monetary and Financial Code and if these assets are not liquid assets and short term exposures on credit institutions 
(actifs liquides et expositions à court terme sur des établissements de crédit), the cover ratio is assessed by 
considering the assets transferred as collateral security (and not the receivables of the société de crédit foncier). 
This rule will apply to Eligible Assets (as defined and further described in section entitled "Description of the 
Issuer") transferred in full ownership by way of security (remises en pleine propriété à titre de garantie), as set 
forth in Article L.211-38 et seq. of the French Monetary and Financial Code, pursuant to the Collateral Security 
Agreement (as defined and further described in section entitled "Description of the Issuer"). 
Pursuant to Article 10 of the 99-10 Regulation, the cover ratio of sociétés de crédit foncier is published quarterly 
(on 31 March, 30 June, 30 September and 31 December) on the website of My Money Bank 
(www.mymoneybank.com/en/organization/investor-reports). In addition, the Issuer intends to publish every 
quarter on the website of My Money Bank (www.mymoneybank.com/en/organization/investor-reports) 
information relating to the Collateral Security Assets (including its latest cover ratio in accordance with applicable 
laws and regulations and, as the case may be, the ECBC's "Covered Bonds Label" harmonized template) (on 
31 December 2021, the asset cover ratio was equal to 117.76%). 
In addition, My Money Bank and the Issuer have entered into agreements in order to ensure, by transferring to the 
Issuer additional Eligible Assets or otherwise, that the Issuer will, at all times, maintain an overcollateralisation 
ratio between its Eligible Assets and its Notes equal to or greater than one hundred and five per cent (105%) (see 
section entitled "Description of the Issuer"). 
Specific controller

--- Page 69 ---
69 
 
Pursuant to Article L.513-23 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, in each société de crédit foncier, a 
specific controller (contrôleur spécifique) and a substitute specific controller (contrôleur spécifique suppléant) are 
in charge of ensuring the compliance of the société de crédit foncier with the legal framework described above. 
The specific controller and the substitute specific controller are selected from the official list of auditors and 
appointed by the officers of the société de crédit foncier with the approval of the French Banking Authority. 
Pursuant to Articles L.513-23 and R.513-16 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, the tasks of the 
specific controller are: 
(a) 
to ensure that the société de crédit foncier complies with Articles L.513-2 to L.513-12 of the French 
Monetary and Financial Code; 
(b) 
to certify that the cover ratio of Article L.513-12 of the French Monetary and Financial Code is satisfied 
in connection with (i) the société de crédit foncier's quarterly programme of issues benefiting from the 
Privilège and (ii) any issue of resources benefiting from the Privilège and whose amount is greater than or 
equal to five hundred million euros (€500,000,000); 
(c) 
to ensure that the exposures to public entities granted or refinanced by the société de crédit foncier comply 
with the purpose of Article L.513-2 of the French Monetary and Financial Code and with the requirements 
set out in Articles L.513-3 to L.513-7 of the French Monetary and Financial Code; 
(d) 
to review, pursuant to Article 12 of the 99-10 Regulation and on a yearly basis, the level of rate and 
maturity matching between the assets and the liabilities. In case the specific controller believes that the 
level of rate and maturity matching would create excessive risks for the creditors benefiting from the 
Privilège, the specific controller informs the officers of the relevant société de crédit foncier and the French 
Banking Authority; and 
(e) 
in relation to obligations foncières for which the Issuer requests the use, or benefits from, the "European 
Covered Bond (Premium)" label, to verify that the provisions of Article 129 of Regulation (EU) No. 
575/2013 (Capital Requirements Regulation) of 26 June 2013, as amended, are complied with. 
Pursuant to Article L.513-23 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, the specific controller attends all 
shareholders' meetings and, on his request, may be heard by the board of directors of the société de crédit foncier 
and is entitled to receive all the documents and information necessary to the fulfillment of its mission and to 
perform, under certain conditions, any audit and control in the premises of the société de crédit foncier. The 
specific controller prepares annual reports on the accomplishment of his missions to the management of the 
société de crédit foncier, a copy of which is delivered to the French Banking Authority. 
Liquidity Coverage 
Pursuant to Articles L.513-8 and R.513-7 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, the Issuer must, at all time, 
cover its treasury needs over a period of one hundred and eighty (180) calendar days, taking into account the 
forecasted inflows of principal and interest on its assets and net flows related to derivative financial instruments 
referred to in Article L.513-10 of the French Monetary and Financial Code). The treasury needs are covered by 
eligible assets within the meaning of Article L.513-10 of the French Monetary and Financial Code. 
In the case the assets of the société de crédit foncier are composed of receivables secured by collateral assets in 
accordance with Articles L.211-36 to L.211-40, L.313-23 to L.313-35, and L.313-42 to L.313-49 of the French 
Monetary and Financial Code and if these assets are not substitution assets (valeurs de remplacement), the liquidity 
needs are assessed by considering the estimated cash inflows of the assets transferred as collateral security (and 
not the estimated cash flow of the receivables of the société de crédit foncier, secured by such collateral assets). 
This rule will apply to Eligible Assets (as defined in section entitled "Description of the Issuer") transferred in full 
ownership by way of security (remises en pleine propriété à titre de garantie), as set forth in Article L.211-38 et 
seq. of the French Monetary and Financial Code, pursuant to the Collateral Security Agreement (as defined and 
further described in section entitled "Description of the Issuer"). 
In addition, pursuant to Article 12 of Regulation no. 99-10, the Issuer must ensure that the average life of the 
eligible assets held by it, up to the minimum required to comply with the cover ratio referred to in Article R.513-
8 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, does not exceed by more than eighteen (18) months the average life 
of its liabilities benefitting from the Privilège. 
In addition, pursuant to the terms of the relevant provisions of the Collateral Security Agreement (as defined and 
further described in section entitled "Description of the Issuer"), in order to enable the Issuer to meet its obligation 
under the regulatory liquidity ratio, My Money Bank will fund as Cash Collateral (as defined and further described 
in section entitled "Description of the Issuer") into the Cash Collateral Account (as defined and further described 
in section entitled "Description of the Issuer") an amount necessary for the Issuer to comply with such regulatory 
liquidity ratio.

--- Page 70 ---
70 
 
In accordance with, and pursuant to, the provisions of Article L.513-26 of the French Monetary and Financial 
Code, a société de crédit foncier may also, by derogation to the provisions of Articles 1349 of the French Code 
civil and L.228-44 and L.228-74 of the French Commercial Code, subscribe for its own obligations foncières, for 
the sole purpose of pledging them as collateral security (affecter en garantie) in order to secure the credit 
transactions (opérations de crédit) of the Banque de France in accordance with the terms and conditions 
determined by the Banque de France for its monetary and intraday credit policy, if the société de crédit foncier is 
not able to cover its cash needs with the other means available to it, provided that: 
- 
the total amount of the obligations foncières subscribed by the Issuer does not exceed ten per cent (10%) 
of the total outstanding amount (encours total) of the resources benefiting from the Privilège as at the 
date of their subscription; 
- 
such obligations foncières are disentitled of their rights under Articles L.228-46 to L.228-89 of the French 
Commercial Code as long as the société de crédit foncier holds them; 
- 
such obligations foncières are pledged for the benefit of the Banque de France within an eight (8) day 
period starting from the date on which they are paid and delivered; and 
- 
they cannot be subscribed by third parties. 
In any case, the obligations foncières subscribed by the société de crédit foncier in accordance with, and pursuant 
to, the provisions of Article L.513-26 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, shall be cancelled within an 
eight (8) day period starting from the date on which they cease to be pledged for the benefit of the Banque de 
France. 
Hedging 
Pursuant to Article L.513-10 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, a société de crédit foncier may enter 
into forward financial instruments (instruments financiers à terme) as defined in Article L.211-1 of the French 
Monetary and Financial Code, to hedge transactions for management (opérations de gestion) of the loans and 
exposures as referred to in Articles L.513-3 to L.513-7 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, obligations 
foncières and other resources benefiting from the Privilège. 
Any amounts payable pursuant to these forward financial instruments, after the applicable set-off as the case may 
be, benefit from the Privilège, unless such forward financial instruments were not concluded by the société de 
crédit foncier to hedge items of its assets and/or privileged liabilities or the global risk on its assets, liabilities and 
off-balance sheet items. 
According to Article 12 of the 99-10 Regulation and Articles 85 and 86 of the Arrêté dated 3 November 2014 with 
respect to the internal control of the banking sector companies, payment services and investment services providers 
subject to the supervision of the French Banking Authority, the société de crédit foncier shall implement a system 
for measuring overall interest rate risks under the conditions set forth in Article 134 to Article 139 of the Arrêté of 
3 November 2014. 
Privilège relating to the Notes and certain other obligations of the Issuer 
The obligations foncières issued by sociétés de crédit foncier, together with the other resources raised, the issuance 
or subscription agreement of which mentions the Privilège, and the liabilities resulting from derivative transactions 
relating to the hedging of assets, obligations foncières and other privileged debts in accordance with the second 
paragraph of Article L.513-10 of the French Monetary and Financial Code benefit from the Privilège. 
Pursuant to Article L.513-11 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, notwithstanding any legal provisions to 
the contrary and in particular the provisions of book VI (Livre VI) of the French Commercial Code relating to the 
difficulties of companies (difficultés des entreprises): 
- 
the amounts resulting from loans or assimilated receivables, exposures, titles, securities and deposits 
(dépôts) referred to in Articles L.513-3 to L.513-7 of French Monetary and Financial Code, including any 
mortgage, charge, lien or other guarantee or indemnity relating thereto, and the forward financial 
instruments used for hedging as referred to in Article L.513-10 of the French Monetary and Financial 
Code (in each case, after any applicable set-off), together with the claims in respect of deposits made by 
a société de crédit foncier with credit institutions, are allocated by way of priority to the payment of any 
sums due in relation to the obligations foncières, other resources benefiting from the Privilège, as 
mentioned in Article L.513-2 I 2°of the French Monetary and Financial Code, to derivatives transactions 
used for hedging, under the conditions of Article L.513-10 of the French Monetary and Financial Code 
and to ancillary expenses relating to transactions referred to in Article L.513-11 of the French Monetary 
and Financial Code;

--- Page 71 ---
71 
 
- 
when a société de crédit foncier (such as the Issuer) is subject to safeguard proceedings (procédure de 
sauvegarde), judicial reorganization proceedings (procédure de redressement judiciaire), judicial 
liquidation proceedings (procédure de liquidation judiciaire) or resolution proceedings (procédure de 
resolution) opened pursuant to Article L.613-49 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, the amounts 
regularly originated from the operations referred to in the second paragraph of I of Article L.513-2 of the 
French Monetary and Financial Code (i.e. resources benefiting from the Privilège) are paid to their 
respective creditors, on their respective contractual due date and by way of priority to all other 
receivables, whether or not preferred or secured, including interests resulting from agreements whatever 
their duration is. No other creditor of a société de crédit foncier (such as the Issuer) may avail itself of 
any right over the assets and rights of such société, either in principal or interest, until creditors benefiting 
from the Privilège defined in Article L.513-11 of the French Monetary and Financial Code have been 
fully paid off; and 
- 
the safeguard proceedings (procédure de sauvegarde), judicial reorganisation proceedings (procédure de 
redressement judiciaire), judicial liquidation proceedings (procédure de liquidation) or resolution 
proceedings (procédure de résolution) opened pursuant to Article L.613-49 of the French Monetary and 
Financial Code against a société de crédit foncier (such as the Issuer) will not result in the acceleration of 
payment of obligations foncières and other debts benefiting from the Privilège. In addition, the same 
proceedings will not result by themselves in the alteration, set-off, suspension or termination of forward 
financial instruments entered into by the Issuer. 
Non-privileged debts 
Pursuant to Article L.513-2 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, sociétés de crédit foncier may also issue 
ordinary bonds or raise funds which do not benefit from such Privilège. 
The Issuer may also refinance its assets in accordance with specific means of refinancing set forth by article L.513-
2 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, such as transfers of receivables in accordance with article L.313-23 
to L.313-35 of the French Monetary and Financial Code or temporary transfers of its securities as provided for in 
Articles L.211-22 to L.211-34 of the French Monetary and Financial Code or having recourse to funding secured 
by a pledge of a securities account as defined in Article L.211-20 of the French Monetary and Financial Code. In 
such case, the receivables and securities so refinanced are not taken into account for the purpose of determining 
the cover ratio of the resources benefiting from the Privilège. 
Insolvency remoteness  
Pursuant to Article L.513-18 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, the regime of sociétés de crédit foncier 
derogates in many ways from the French legal provisions relating to insolvency proceedings (see section entitled 
"Privilège relating to the Notes and certain other obligations of the Issuer"). 
Pursuant to Article L.513-18 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, the provisions of Article L.632-2 of the 
French Commercial Code, allowing an administrative receiver to render certain transactions entered into during 
the hardening period (période suspecte) null and void are not applicable to contracts executed by a société de crédit 
foncier, or to transactions entered into by a société de crédit foncier, provided that those contracts and transactions 
are made in accordance with their exclusive legal purpose as defined by Article L.513-2 of the French Monetary 
and Financial Code and exclusive of any fraud. 
Article L.513-20 of the French Monetary and Financial Code precludes the extension of insolvency proceedings 
in respect of the société de crédit foncier parent company to the société de crédit foncier. 
Pursuant to Article L.513-21 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, in case of the opening of any safeguard 
proceedings (procédure de sauvegarde), judicial reorganisation (redressement judiciaire) or judicial liquidation 
(liquidation judiciaire) against the credit institution which is acting as manager and servicer of the assets and 
liabilities of the société de crédit foncier, the recovery, management and servicing contract pursuant to which the 
société de crédit foncier has delegated to such credit institution the management or recovery of its assets may be 
immediately terminated by the société de crédit foncier notwithstanding any legal provisions to the contrary. 
Please note that, as a specialised credit institution (établissement de crédit spécialisé), the Issuer is subject to the 
Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive (see section entitled "Risk factors" above). 
Extendable maturity structure 
The possibility for sociétés de crédit foncier to issue obligations foncières with extendable maturity structures has 
been more explicitly affirmed by a decree-law (ordonnance) No.2021-858 dated 30 June 2021, a decree (décret) 
No. 2021-898 dated 6 July 2021 and a decree (décret) No. 2022-766 dated 2 May 2022. 
As from 8 July 2022, in accordance with Article L. 513-30 and Article R. 513-8-1 of the French Monetary and 
Financial Code, a société de crédit foncier may issue obligations foncières with extendable maturity structures,

--- Page 72 ---
72 
 
provided that (i) the final maturity date of such obligations foncières may be determined at any time and (ii) these 
cases of extension of the maturity date are specified in relevant maturity extension trigger(s), which may be one 
of the following cases (or all of them): 
- 
in the event of non-payment of the principal on the maturity date initially set by the Issuer, a credit 
institution benefiting from loans granted by the Issuer and guaranteed by the remittance, the transfer or 
the pledge of receivables pursuant to Articles L.211-38 to L.211-40 or Articles L.313-23 to L.313-35 of 
the French Monetary and Financial Code, whether or not these receivables are of a professional nature, 
or a credit institution issuing promissory notes (billets à ordre) subscribed by the Issuer in accordance 
with the provisions of Articles L.313-43 to L.313-48 of the French Monetary and Financial Code;  
- 
(x) the Issuer, (y) a credit institution benefiting from loans granted by the Issuer and guaranteed by the 
remittance, the transfer or the pledge of receivables pursuant to Articles L.211-38 to L.211-40 or Articles 
L.313-23 to L.313-35 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, whether or not these receivables are 
of a professional nature or (z) a credit institution issuing promissory notes (billets à ordre) subscribed by 
the Issuer in accordance with the provisions of Articles L.313-43 to L.313-48 of the French Monetary 
and Financial Code, being the subject of safeguard proceedings (procédure de sauvegarde), judicial 
reorganisation proceedings (procédure de redressement judiciaire), judicial liquidation proceedings 
(procédure de liquidation judiciaire) or resolution proceedings (procédure de résolution) opened 
pursuant to Article L.613-49 of the French Monetary and Financial Code. 
In the event of insolvency or resolution of the credit institution issuing the obligations foncières or in the case of 
a default of payment mentioned in the first bullet point above, extensions of maturity shall not affect the ranking 
of investors in the obligations foncières or reverse the order of the initial maturity schedule of the obligations 
foncières. 
Labelling 
Save for obligations foncières which are assimilated to and under the same legal regime as obligations foncières 
issued before 8 July 2022, pursuant to Article L. 513-26-1 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, a société 
de crédit foncier may use: 
(i) 
the label "European Covered Bond" for the issuance of obligations foncières or other resources benefiting 
from the Privilège, provided that it complies with Articles L.513-2 to L.513-26 and R.513-1 to R.513-18 
of the French Monetary and Financial Code; and 
(ii) 
the label "European Covered Bond (Premium)" for the issuance of obligations foncières or other resources 
benefiting from the Privilège, provided that it complies with Articles L.513-2 to L.513-26 and R.513-1 to 
R.513-18 of the French Monetary and Financial Code and the provisions of Article 129 of Regulation (EU) 
No.575/2013 dated 26 June 2013 (as amended). 
A société de crédit foncier may apply to one of the above-mentioned labels and then, provided it is eligible, decide 
whether or not to comply with. 
The French Banking Authority is responsible for the granting and supervision of both "European Covered Bond" 
and "European Covered Bond (Premium)" labels. In particular, the French Banking Authority publishes the lists 
of obligations foncières that are entitled to use the labels "European Covered Bond" and "European Covered Bond 
(Premium)". 
With regard to the "European Covered Bond (Premium)" label, in accordance with Article L. 513-23 of the French 
Monetary and Financial Code, the specific controller (contrôleur spécifique) verifies that the provisions of Article 
129 of Regulation (EU) no. 575/2013 dated 26 June 2013 (as amended) are complied with.

--- Page 73 ---
73 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
Incorporation, duration and registered office  
The Issuer 
The Issuer was incorporated on 12 June 2018, as a French limited liability company with a board of directors 
(société anonyme à conseil d'administration). Its term of existence is ninety-nine (99) years from the date of its 
incorporation. From the date of its incorporation and until the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer had no 
business activity. The Issuer is registered with the French Registre du commerce et des sociétés of Nanterre under 
number 840 318 950. 
The Issuer is governed by: 
(i) 
the French Commercial Code, and in particular the provisions of Article L.210-1 et seq. of the French 
Commercial Code applicable to commercial companies; and 
(ii) 
the French Monetary and Financial Code, and in particular, Article L.513-2 et seq. of the French Monetary 
and Financial Code applicable to sociétés de crédit foncier. 
(for further description, see section entitled "Main features of the legislation and regulations relating to sociétés 
de crédit foncier"). 
As from 20 August 2018, the Issuer is a société de crédit foncier duly licensed as a French specialised credit 
institution (établissement de crédit spécialisé) by the French Banking Authority (Autorité de contrôle prudentiel 
et de résolution) ("ACPR") and the European Central Bank. 
The Issuer's registered office and principal place of business is located at Tour Europlaza - 20, avenue André 
Prothin - 92063 Paris La Défense Cedex - France. The telephone number of the Issuer's registered office is: +33 1 
58 13 30 25. 
The Issuer is a subsidiary of My Money Bank and a member of the Promontoria MMB group (the "Group"). 
My Money Bank (the Borrower) and the Group 
(i) 
General 
My Money Bank is a société anonyme whose registered office is located at Tour Europlaza, 20, avenue 
André-Prothin, 92063 Paris-la-Défense Cedex (France), registered with the Trade and Companies Registry 
of Nanterre (France) under number 784 393 340, licensed as a credit institution (établissement de crédit) 
by the ACPR and the European Central Bank. 
My Money Bank was incorporated in 1942 under the name SA Crédit Mobilier Industriel-SOVAC. After 
its acquisition by General Electric in 1995, it changed its name to GE Sovac, then to GE Capital Bank, and 
finally to GE Money Bank in September 2004. On December 31st 2004, GE Money Bank absorbed Royal 
St Georges Banque after the acquisition of this company by GE Money Bank at the beginning of the same 
year. 
In March 2017, Promontoria MMB SAS, an affiliated party of Capital Management ("Cerberus"), acquired 
100% of the shares of GE Money Bank, which changed its name to My Money Bank. Promontoria MMB 
SAS is a French financial holding company under the supervision of the ACPR. Cerberus, founded in 1992, 
is one of the world's leading private investment firms. Cerberus manages more than $60 billion for a diverse 
set of public and private investors. From its headquarters in New York City and offices in the U.S., Europe 
and Asia, Cerberus invests in multiple sectors, through a variety of investment strategies, in countries 
around the world. 
My Money Bank is governed, inter alia, by the French Commercial Code (Code de Commerce) and by the 
French Monetary and Financial Code.

--- Page 74 ---
74 
 
(ii) 
Organization chart of the Group as of April 2022 
 
(iii) 
Corporate purpose of My Money Bank (Article 2 of the by-laws) 
The purpose of My Money Bank is to: 
- 
perform all banking operations under the conditions defined by the laws and regulations applicable 
to banks; 
- 
perform operations connected to its banking activity, in particular, such as: 
o 
provision of advice and assistance for real estate management, 
o 
provision of advice and assistance for financial management and financial engineering, 
o 
financial instrument investment services as covered in the second paragraph of L.211-1 of the 
French Monetary and Financial Code, 
o 
leasing of movable and immovable assets, 
o 
all insurances broking and, in particular, insurance relating to all forms of credit. 
- 
and, in general, any financial, commercial, movable-asset, or immovable-asset operations that are 
useful or accessory to the execution of its purpose, the totality of which, directly or indirectly, may 
be on its own behalf or on behalf of third parties, alone or with third parties, within the limits set by 
the laws and regulations applicable to banks; and 
- 
the acquisition, the disposal, the management of any equity interest or participation in any company; 
any purchase of immovable and movable property and, more generally, any financial transaction. 
(iv) 
Business Overview 
My Money Group is an independent French banking group, focused on consumer finance (including debt 
consolidation, auto financing, consumer lending and deposits) as well as specialised lending to commercial 
clients (commercial real estate, auto & equipment financing). My Money Group operates in mainland 
France and in French Overseas Territories. It has its head-office in Paris, an operational centre of excellence 
in Nantes and franchises in French Guyana, Martinique, Guadeloupe (Somafi-Soguafi and Banque des 
Caraïbes) and La Reunion (Sorefi). 
(v) 
Group's key financial data 
The Group is regulated and supervised by the ACPR. On 31 December 2021, the Group had: 
- 
consolidated assets of €7.8 billion (compared to €7.4 billion at 31 December 2020); 
- 
consolidated loans and receivables due from customers of €6.6 billion (compared to €6.1 billion at 
31 December 2020);

--- Page 75 ---
75 
 
- 
consolidated items due to customers (i.e. deposits) of €4.0 billion (compared to €3.8 billion at 31 
December 2020); and 
- 
and own funds of €935 million (compared to €832 million at 31 December 2020). 
On 31 December 2021, the Group's Consolidated Income Statement included following items: 
- 
net Banking Income of €191 million (compared to €189 million at 31 December 2020); 
- 
earnings before tax of €(1) million (compared to €60 million at 31 December 2020); and 
- 
consolidated Net Income of €(32) million (compared to €61 million at 31 December 2020). 
(vi) 
Group's key regulatory ratios 
On 31 December 2021, the Group's key regulatory ratios were as follows: 
- 
CET1 ratio (IFRS9 Transitional): 15.6%; 
- 
Total Capital ratio (IFRS9 Transitional: 19.9%; 
- 
Net Stable Funding Ratio (NFSR): 123.0%; and 
- 
Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR): 442%. 
Share capital  
Share Capital 
The Issuer's authorised and issued share capital is ten million euros (€10,000,000) consisting of one million 
(1,000,000) ordinary shares with a par value of ten euros (€10) each.  
As of 31 December 2021, 99.99 per cent. of the Issuer's share capital is directly held by My Money Bank and the 
remainder is owned by Promontoria MMB, parent company of My Money Bank. This holding percentage has not 
changed at the date of the Base Prospectus. 
There is no authorised and unissued share capital. There are no securities which grant rights to shares in the capital 
of the Issuer. All shares have equal voting rights. 
Before the first issue under the Programme, the Issuer has also benefited from a €10,000,000 subordinated loan 
granted by My Money Bank. 
Issuer's exclusive purpose 
In accordance with Article L.513-2 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, which defines the exclusive 
purpose of the sociétés de crédit foncier and with Article 2 of the by-laws (statuts) of the Issuer, the Issuer's 
exclusive purpose consists in carrying out the activities and operations defined below, both in France and abroad: 
- 
credit operations and similar operations in accordance with laws and regulations applicable to sociétés de 
crédit foncier; 
- 
financing operations by means of issuance of obligations foncières or any other resources in accordance with 
the laws and regulations applicable to sociétés de crédit foncier; and  
- 
any ancillary activities expressly authorised by laws and regulations applicable to sociétés de crédit foncier. 
Notwithstanding the generality of the Issuer's corporate purpose, MMB SCF is focusing its activities on: 
(i) 
granting loans which qualify as secured loans (assimilés à des prêts garantis) within the meaning of Article 
L.513-3 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, pursuant to Article L.513-6 of the French Monetary 
and Financial Code; and 
(ii) 
in order to finance such loans, issuing obligations foncières which benefit from the privilège defined in 
Article L.513-11 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, and raising other resources which benefit 
from this privilège.

--- Page 76 ---
76 
 
Business overview  
The setting-up of the Issuer takes place as part of My Money Bank refinancing strategy and is intended to inter 
alia provide My Money Bank with an additional refinancing channel, diversify its investor base and lower the 
overall cost of funding for My Money Bank. 
Structure Diagram 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Advances and Eligible Assets to be transferred as collateral security 
Without prejudice to the generality of its corporate purpose, the assets of the Issuer will mainly comprise advances 
to be made available by the Issuer to My Money Bank under a facility agreement (the "Facility Agreement").  
All advances made available by the Issuer to My Money Bank pursuant to the Facility Agreement will be secured 
by transfers in full ownership by way of security (remises en pleine propriété à titre de garantie) of Eligible Assets 
(as further described below) in accordance with Article L.211-38 et seq. of the French Monetary and Financial 
Code, so that each such advance qualifies as a secured loan (un prêt garanti) within the meaning of Article L.513-
6 of the French Monetary and Financial Code. 
Terms and conditions of such transfers are provided for in a collateral security agreement entered into between 
My Money Bank as collateral provider (the "Collateral Provider") and the Issuer as beneficiary (the "Collateral 
Security Agreement"). 
For the purposes of the Collateral Security Agreement, an "Eligible Asset" to be transferred as collateral security 
shall be any receivable arising from a loan financing, refinancing or secured by a real estate property, within the 
meaning and conditions of the laws and regulations applicable to sociétés de crédit foncier, and which complies 
with any and all the eligibility criteria specified in the Collateral Security Agreement. 
Interest and 
principal 
payment under 
the Notes 
Notes 
proceeds 
Interest and 
principal 
payment 
Advances under 
the Facility 
Agreement 
Transfer of 
Collateral 
Security under the 
Collateral Security 
Agreement 
MMB SCF 
(Issuer) 
My Money Bank 
(Borrower) 
 
Noteholders

--- Page 77 ---
77 
 
In the first instance, Eligible Assets will be receivables arising from loans which are secured by a first ranking 
mortgage ("First-Ranking Mortgage") or any security interest over real estate property providing the same level 
of protection as a First-Ranking Mortgage and, in particular loans which have been originated or acquired by My 
Money Bank in connection with its refinancing loan activity (activité de regroupement de crédits) in France. 
A refinancing mortgage loan is a new loan taken out by a borrower to pay off and refinance one or more existing 
loans, hence aiming at achieving a lower monthly instalment and lower debt ratio. Under the refinancing mortgage 
loan product, borrowers are able to regroup several loans with different Annual Percentage Rate (APR) and tenures 
into a single mortgage loan secured on a residential property. The new secured refinancing mortgage loan may 
include (i) the refinancing of an existing mortgage financing, (ii) the refinancing of existing consumer credits, 
bank overdrafts or other indebtedness (including personal debts) and/or (iii) treasury loans mainly for home 
improvement. In any case, the new refinancing mortgage loan is secured by a first-ranking mortgage or by other 
real estate security interest that are equivalent to a first-ranking mortgage. My Money Bank has a longstanding 
and significant presence on the market since the purchase in 2004 by GE Money Bank of Royal Saint Georges, 
forerunner since 1993 on the French refinancing market. MMB's franchise therefore controls strong commercial 
positions, with recurring and significant origination volumes over the years.  
In the future, Eligible Assets may include other types of financings complying with the provisions of Article L.513-
3 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, in particular home loans guaranteed by a credit institution, a 
financing company or an insurance company (crédits cautionnés). 
Underwriting key principles currently applied to refinancing mortgages originated by My Money Bank 
Underwriting rules are defined and written by My Money Bank's Risk Department. They reflect a rigorous process 
supported by extensive documentation and systematic controls.  
Underwriting is realized manually on an individualized basis by My Money Bank's analysts. They take into 
account both financial and behavioral factors.  
Customer credit profile is assessed primarily on customer's past banking behavior and considering borrower's 
number of loans to be consolidated and debt to income before Refinancing Mortgage Loans. The assessment 
focuses on other items such as disposable income, borrower age, funded amount, loan purpose, loan to value, 
collateral localisation and whether the person is listed on the national risk database.  
Moreover, the analysis is completed by a full set of documentation. My Money Bank does not allow self-certified 
mortgage loan applications. The document verification policy is strengthened by cross-checking an extensive set 
of documentation. 
Once the file is completed and an underwriting approval is taken, it is then sent to the Operational Department for 
further controls and validation of the last requirements to proceed to the disbursement. 
All existing customer loans are repaid by My Money Bank to banks through notaries and periodical payments are 
set by way of direct debit. 
Two levels of permanent controls are performed after disbursement. They concern a sample of files booked within 
the previous month. 
The underwriting quality is monitored on a regular basis. The results are shared with the local Management and 
any risk is reported to the Risk Committee. 
Contractual Cover Ratio 
Without prejudice to compliance with cover test provided by laws and regulations applicable to sociétés de crédit 
foncier (see section entitled "Main features of the legislation and regulations relating to sociétés de crédit 
foncier"), My Money Bank, as collateral provider, shall monitor the collateral security so as to at all times it 
complies with a contractual cover ratio. 
Compliance with the contractual cover ratio requires that the contractual cover ratio shall be at least equal to 
one (1) at each Contractual Cover Test Date. Such ratio ("Contractual Cover Ratio" or "CCR") shall be 
calculated as follows: 
CCR = Adjusted Aggregate Asset Amount (AAAA)/Aggregate Note Outstanding Principal Amount  
whereby: 
"Contractual Cover Test Calculation Period" means, in relation to any Contractual Cover Test Date, each period 
ending on the immediately preceding Cut-Off Date, and starting on, and including, the Cut-Off Date preceding 
such Cut-Off Date.

--- Page 78 ---
78 
 
"Contractual Cover Test Date" means (i) the twelfth (12th) Business Day of any calendar month or any other 
date agreed from time to time between the Collateral Provider and the Issuer and (ii) each issuance date of a Series 
or a Tranche of Notes. 
"Cut-Off Date" means the last calendar day of any calendar month. 
"Aggregate Note Outstanding Principal Amount" means, at any Contractual Cover Test Date, the aggregate 
amount of principal (in euro or Euro Equivalent with respect to Notes denominated in a Specified Currency) 
outstanding at such date under all Notes. 
"Euro Equivalent" means the euro equivalent amount of the relevant amount denominated in the Specified 
Currency, it being specified that, if any advance under the Facility Agreement is denominated in a Specified 
Currency and the Lender and the Borrower have agreed in advance the foreign exchange rate that will be 
applicable, either (i) in the relevant Hedging Agreement(s) entered into by the Lender, if any, or (ii) the final terms 
for the related advance, as applicable, then the amount of Eligible Assets that will be required to be transferred by 
the Borrower in accordance with the relevant terms of the Collateral Security Agreement and which shall secure 
the "euro equivalent" amount of such advance, shall be calculated using the above mentioned pre-agreed foreign 
exchange rate. 
"Specified Currency" means currency specified as such in the relevant final terms of an advance under the Facility 
Agreement or, if none is specified, the currency in which such advance is denominated. 
"Adjusted Aggregate Asset Amount (AAAA)" means, at any Contractual Cover Test Date:  
(AAAA) = A + B + C + D + E - W 
whereby: 
"A" means the lower of "A1" and "A2". 
"A1" is equal to the sum of all Adjusted Loan Outstanding Principal Amounts of all Loan Receivables transferred 
as Collateral Security and excluding the Loan Receivables which have become Ineligible Loan Receivables during 
the applicable Contractual Cover Test Calculation Period (the "Relevant Loans"), as such Adjusted Loan 
Outstanding Principal Amounts will be calculated on the relevant Contractual Cover Test Date, whereby:  
"Adjusted Loan Outstanding Principal Amount" means, with respect to each Relevant Loan, the lower of: 
(i) 
the Loan Outstanding Principal Amount of such Relevant Loan minus the Applicable Deemed Reductions; 
and 
(ii) 
the Indexed Valuation relating to such Relevant Loan multiplied by its LTV Cut-Off Percentage, minus the 
Applicable Deemed Reductions; 
"Applicable Deemed Reductions" means the aggregate sum of the financial losses incurred by the Collateral 
Provider with respect to the Relevant Loans to the extent that such financial losses have been incurred as a direct 
result of a material breach of the Servicing Procedures by the Collateral Provider during the applicable Contractual 
Cover Test Calculation Period. 
"Servicing Procedures" means the customary servicing procedures to be applied by the Collateral Provider for 
the performance of the servicing of the Collateral Security Assets, in accordance with, and subject to, the 
provisions of the Collateral Security Agreement, using the degree of skill, care and attention as for the servicing 
of its assets for its own account, without interfering with the material rights of the Issuer (or, as applicable, the 
Borrower) under the Collateral Security Agreement. 
"Ineligible Loan Receivable" means any Loan Receivable transferred as Collateral Security under the Collateral 
Security Agreement which has ceased to comply with one (1) or several of the eligibility criteria specified in the 
Collateral Security Agreement. 
"Loan Outstanding Principal Amount" means, with respect to each Relevant Loan, the amount of principal 
outstanding at the relevant Contractual Cover Test Date under such Relevant Loan. 
"LTV Cut-Off Percentage" means: 
(i) 
sixty per cent. (60%) for each Relevant Loan if it is secured by a First-Ranking Mortgage and if the securing 
property is a commercial property (bien immobilier commercial); 
(ii) 
eighty per cent. (80%) for each other Relevant Loan secured by a First-Ranking Mortgage other than a 
Relevant Loan referred to in paragraph (i) above and for each other Relevant Loan which is guaranteed by 
a credit institution (établissement de crédit), a financing company (société de financement) or an insurance 
company (entreprise d'assurance) which is not in the scope of consolidation (as defined in Article L.233-

--- Page 79 ---
79 
 
16 of the French Commercial Code) of MMB SCF, provided that the financed or securing property (as the 
case may be) is for natural persons housing (bien immobilier résidentiel); and 
(iii) 
a percentage which will be determined in accordance with the relevant laws and regulations applicable to 
sociétés de crédit foncier for each Relevant Loan not mentioned under (i) and (ii) above. 
"Index" means the index of increases of house prices issued by PERVAL in relation to residential properties in 
France. 
"Indexed Valuation" means, at any date in relation to any Relevant Loan secured over any Property, the Original 
Market Value of that Property increased or decreased as appropriate by the increase or decrease in the Index since 
the date of the Original Market Value. 
"Original Market Value" in relation to any Property means the market value given to that Property by the most 
recent valuation addressed to the Collateral Provider. 
"A2" is equal to the sum of all unadjusted Loan Outstanding Principal Amounts of all Relevant Loans minus the 
Applicable Deemed Reductions (as defined above) multiplied by the Asset Percentage, whereby: 
"Asset Percentage" means the lowest of (i) the Legal Asset Percentage and (ii) such percentage as most recently 
determined by the Issuer Calculation Agent (acting on behalf of the Issuer) and notified to the Issuer and the 
Collateral Provider that is necessary to ensure the Notes maintain the then current rating assigned to them by S&P 
Global Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P"), or any other percentage agreed by the Issuer and the Collateral Provider, 
subject to prior written notice to S&P and provided that such change in the percentage does not constitute a Rating 
Adverse Event. 
"Rating Adverse Event" means any specified action, determination or appointment, for so long as any Notes are 
rated by S&P, which would result in a downgrading, or withdrawal, of the ratings then assigned to the Notes. 
"Legal Asset Percentage" means the ratio of one divided by hundred and five per cent (105%). 
"B" is equal to the aggregate amount of cash standing to the credit of the Cash Collateral Account and of the 
Issuer's general account, as reported by the Issuer Calculation Agent in the relevant Collateral Asset Report. 
"C" is equal to the aggregate value outstanding under all Substitution Assets (the "Aggregate Substitution Asset 
Amount (ASAA)") held by the Lender provided that, the amount of the Aggregate Substitution Asset Amount 
(ASAA) (whatever such amount is at any Contractual Cover Test Date) shall in any event account only for up to 
fifteen per cent. (15%) of the Adjusted Aggregate Asset Amount (AAAA) for the purposes hereof. The Aggregate 
Substitution Asset Amount (ASAA) shall be reported by the Collateral Provider in the relevant Collateral Asset 
Report. Substitution Assets will be valued on the last Business Day of the calendar month immediately preceding 
each Contractual Cover Test Date and be taken into account for their mark-to-market value at a discount based on 
a methodology determined in accordance with the relevant methodologies of S&P. 
"Collateral Asset Report" means a report to the Issuer on the Collateral Security Assets, substantially in the form 
set forth in the Collateral Security Agreement; 
"D" is equal to the aggregate value outstanding under all Permitted Investments. Permitted Investments will be 
valued on the last Business Day of the calendar month immediately preceding each Contractual Cover Test Date 
and be taken into account for their mark-to-market value at a discount based on a methodology determined in 
accordance with the relevant methodologies of S&P. 
"E" is equal to the sums to receive from forward financial instruments benefitting from the privilège in accordance 
with Article L.513-11 of the French Monetary and Financial Code. 
"W" is equal to the Potential Commingling Amount. 
"Potential Commingling Amount" means (i) zero (0) so long as no Collection Loss Trigger Event has occurred 
and is continuing, or (ii) in any other case, the difference between a) the amount determined by the Issuer 
Calculation Agent (acting on behalf of the Issuer) on a quarterly basis in accordance with the relevant 
methodologies of S&P (such amount to be initially sized at the aggregate amount of collections received by the 
Collateral Provider under the Collateral Security Assets during the last two and half (2.5) calendar months 
immediately preceding such calculation date) and b) the additional collection loss amount posted as cash collateral 
by the Borrower, as described below (the "Additional Collection Loss Amount"). 
Upon the occurrence of any downgrading of the short-term senior unsecured, unsubordinated and unguaranteed 
debt obligations of My Money Bank, below A-2 by S&P, the Borrower may, instead of having the Issuer 
Calculation Agent to deduct the full amount of the Potential Commingling Amount in the Contractual Cover Ratio, 
elect to transfer to the credit of the Collection Loss Reserve Account on or before the relevant monthly calculation 
date, an additional amount in cash being the Additional Collection Loss Amount. The Additional Collection Loss

--- Page 80 ---
80 
 
Amount shall be equal to, or lower than, the amount determined by the Issuer Calculation Agent (acting on behalf 
of the Issuer) on a quarterly basis in accordance with the relevant methodologies of S&P (such determined amount 
being initially the aggregate amount of collections received by the Collateral Provider under the Collateral Security 
Assets during the last two and half (2.5) calendar months immediately preceding the relevant monthly calculation 
date). 
Funding of the advances 
Advances made by the Issuer will be financed by debt benefiting from the privilège described in section entitled 
"Main features of the legislation and regulations relating to sociétés de crédit foncier", which includes Notes or 
other resources, expressly providing for in the relevant agreement that they benefit from this privilège. 
On 31 December 2021, the Issuer's subordinated debt ("dettes subordonnées") amounted to €10,000,000 and the 
nominal amount of all outstanding Notes issued by the Issuer amounted to €2,100,000,000. Such Notes are 
scheduled to mature no later than March 2039. 
The Notes are expected to be rated AAA by S&P and to be admitted to trading on Euronext Paris. By offering to 
the market such AAA rated Notes, which are a reflection, among other factors, of the intrinsic quality of the assets 
of the Issuer, the Issuer aims to increase and diversify My Money Bank's investors base. 
Other assets 
In particular, in order to comply with the regulatory cover and liquidity ratios described in section entitled "Main 
features of the legislation and regulations relating to sociétés de crédit foncier", the Issuer may also purchase 
other eligible assets (the "Substitution Assets") which comply with its by-laws (statuts) and the provisions of 
Article L.513-2 to L.513-7 of the French Monetary and Financial Code. In accordance with L.513-2 II of the 
French Monetary and Financial Code, such purchase may be financed by any authorised resources which shall not 
benefit from the privilège defined in Article L.513-11 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (in particular 
amounts standing to the credit of the Cash Collateral Account). 
Cash Collateral 
Pursuant to the terms of the relevant provisions of the Collateral Security Agreement, in order to enable the Issuer 
to meet its obligation under the regulatory liquidity ratio, My Money Bank will fund as cash collateral into an 
account (the "Cash Collateral Account") an amount necessary for the Issuer to invest in eligible assets the 
maturity of which will enable the Issuer to comply with such regulatory liquidity ratio (the "Cash Collateral"). 
Each Cash Collateral will take the form of cash deposits made available to the Issuer by My Money Bank and 
granted by way of security (gage-espèces). All cash credited to the Cash Collateral Account as described above 
shall secure the payments, as they become due and payable, of all and any amounts owed by My Money Bank 
under the Facility Agreement. 
Hedging strategy 
Each advance granted by the Issuer to My Money Bank under the Facility Agreement will be made available in 
the same currency as the Notes funding such advance, and the interest to be paid by My Money Bank under each 
advance shall be the financing costs of the Issuer under the Notes funding such advance, increased by a margin. 
As a consequence, as long as certain events of default (each an "Event of Default") under the Facility Agreement 
have not occurred, the Issuer will not be exposed to currency or interest risk regarding My Money Bank's 
outstanding indebtedness under the Facility Agreement and the Notes.  
However, the Eligible Assets which are transferred as collateral security may not bear interest under the same 
terms and conditions as the Notes and may not be denominated in the same currency as the Notes. Upon the 
occurrence of an Event of Default and the enforcement of the collateral security, Eligible Assets will be transferred 
to the Issuer. 
In order to hedge the potential mismatch of the interest rates applicable to the Notes and to the Eligible Assets 
transferred to the Issuer and the potential mismatch of currencies, the Issuer may use different mechanisms: 
(i) 
with respect to interest rates mismatch, hedging mechanisms may include, without limitation, any hedging 
mechanism(s) such as without limitation, overcollateralisation, cash reserve, additional selection rules for 
the Eligible Assets to be transferred as collateral security or any other mechanism(s) which will comply 
with the specific legal requirements applicable to sociétés de crédit foncier and with the applicable rating 
agency public methodologies and criteria which are commensurate to the then current rating of the Notes; 
(ii) 
currency risks and any remaining interest rates risks may be hedged by the Issuer by entering into hedging 
agreements.

--- Page 81 ---
81 
 
Trends 
MMB SCF, as issuer of obligations foncières, operates on the covered bonds market since 2018. Laws and 
regulations applicable to financial institutions which have an impact on the Issuer have significantly evolved since 
2008 and the beginning of the financial crisis. 
More generally, French and European regulators and legislators may, at any time, implement new or different 
measures that could have a significant impact on the financial system in general or the Issuer in particular. 
In particular, on 27 November 2019, Directive (EU) 2019/2162 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
dated 27 November 2019 (the "Covered Bond Directive") and Regulation (EU) 2019/2160 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council dated 27 November 2019 (the "Covered Bond Regulation") were adopted.  
The Covered Bond Directive and Covered Bond Regulation aim for the establishment of a framework to enable a 
more harmonised covered bond market in the EU. The Covered Bond Directive covers in particular requirements 
for issuing covered bonds, requirements for marketing covered bonds as "European Covered Bonds", structural 
features of covered bonds (asset composition, derivatives, liquidity, etc.) and regulatory supervision. The Covered 
Bond Regulation mainly amends Article 129 of Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 (Capital Requirements Regulation) 
and adds requirements on minimum overcollateralisation and substitution assets. A minimum 5% 
overcollateralisation is required, based on a nominal calculation method. Member states are allowed to reduce this 
level to a minimum of 2% under certain conditions. 
The Covered Bond Directive has been implemented under French law by decree-law No. 2021-858 dated 30 June 
2021 (Ordonnance n°2021-858 portant transposition de la directive (UE) 2019/2162), the relating application 
decrees No. 2021-898 dated 6 July 2021 (Décret n° 2021-898 portant transposition de la directive (UE) 
2019/2162) and No. 2022-766 dated 2 May 2022 (Décret n°2022-766 du 2 mai 2022 portant diverses modifications 
du Code monétaire et financier et complétant la transposition de la directive (UE) 2019/2162 du Parlement 
européen et du Conseil du 27 novembre 2019 concernant l'émission d'obligations garanties et la surveillance 
publique des obligations garanties) and the order dated 7 July 2021 (Arrêté du 7 juillet 2021 modifiant le règlement 
n°99-10 du 9 juillet 1999 relatif aux sociétés de crédit foncier et aux sociétés de financement de l'habitat).  
Subsidiaries  
According to Article L.513-2 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, the Issuer, as a société de crédit foncier, 
is not allowed to hold shares in other companies. 
Management of the Issuer  
The Issuer is administrated by a board of directors (conseil d'administration). 
The chairman, the chief executive officer and the vice chief executive officer 
Mr. Eric Shehadeh has been appointed as chairman of the board of directors (président du conseil d'administration) 
of the Issuer. Mr. Fady Wakil, chief executive officer (directeur général) of the Issuer and Mr. Bertrand 
Robequain, vice chief executive officer (directeur général délégué) of the Issuer are responsible for the conduct 
of the Issuer's activities vis-à-vis the French Banking Authority (Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution) 
in accordance with Article L.511-13 of the French Monetary and Financial Code. 
In accordance with French applicable corporate laws, each of the chief executive officer (directeur général) and 
the vice chief executive officer (directeur général délégué) represents the Issuer vis-à-vis third parties. The 
chairman of the board of directors (président du conseil d'administration) ensures the efficient functioning of the 
board of directors (conseil d'administration). 
Board of directors (conseil d'administration) 
Members of the board of directors (conseil d'administration) 
On the date of this Base Prospectus, the board of directors (conseil d'administration) consists of three (3) members.  
Names, business address and functions of the members of the board of directors and principal activities 
performed by them outside the Issuer: 
Names 
Business Adress 
Function for the Issuer 
Principal activities 
performed outside the 
Issuer 
Eric Shehadeh 
Tour Europlaza - 20, 
avenue André Prothin - 
Chairman of the board 
(président du conseil 
d'administration) 
President of Promontoria 
MMB and CEO

--- Page 82 ---
82 
 
92063 Paris La Défense 
Cedex 
(Directeur Général) of 
My Money Bank 
Gilles de Launay de 
Laperrière 
Tour Europlaza - 20, 
avenue André Prothin - 
92063 Paris La Défense 
Cedex 
Director (administrateur) 
Head of Debt 
Consolidation at My 
Money Bank 
Mathieu Becker 
Tour Europlaza - 20, 
avenue André Prothin - 
92063 Paris La Défense 
Cedex 
Director (administrateur) 
General Counsel 
(directeur juridique) de 
My Money Bank 
 
The Issuer identified no potential conflicts of interests between the duties to it by the members of the board of 
directors, the chief executive officer, the vice chief executive officer, their private interests and any other duties. 
Compliance with the corporate governance regulations 
The Issuer complies with the corporate governance regulations applicable to French companies. 
Staff  
The Issuer has no employees. Its technical administration has been subcontracted to its parent, My Money Bank, 
which acts in accordance with the instructions of the Issuer's board of directors pursuant to the Outsourcing and 
Provision of Services Agreement, the Management and Servicing Agreement and any document entered into 
between the Issuer and My Money Bank in relation thereto (see section entitled "Relationship between MMB SCF 
and My Money Bank"). 
Membership of professional organisation  
The Issuer is member of Association Française des Sociétés Financières, 24, avenue de la Grande Armée, 75584 
Paris cedex 17. 
Independent Auditors  
The statutory auditors (commissaires aux comptes) of the Issuer are: 
(i) 
KPMG S.A, Tour EQHO - 2 avenue Gambetta CS60055 - 92066 Paris La Défense cedex; and 
(ii) 
RSM Paris, 26 rue Cambacérès - 75008 Paris. 
Specific controller (Contrôleur spécifique)  
The Issuer has appointed, in accordance with Articles L.513-23 to L.513-24 of the French Monetary and Financial 
Code a specific controller (Contrôleur spécifique), and a substitute specific controller (Contrôleur spécifique 
suppléant), who are selected from the official list of auditors and are appointed by the board of directors of the 
Issuer with the approval of the French Banking Authority.  
The specific controller (Contrôleur spécifique) ensures that the Issuer complies with the French Monetary and 
Financial Code (in particular, verifying the quality and the eligibility of the assets and the cover ratios). He also 
monitors the balance between the Issuer's assets and liabilities in terms of rates and maturity (cash flow adequacy) 
and notifies the board of directors of the Issuer and the French Banking Authority if he considers such balance to 
be unsatisfactory. The specific controller (Contrôleur spécifique) attends all shareholders' meetings and, on his 
request, may be heard by the board of directors (Article L.513-23 of the French Monetary and Financial Code). 
The specific controller (Contrôleur spécifique titulaire) of the Issuer is Cailliau Dedouit et Associés, 19 rue 
Clément Marot, 75008 Paris, France, represented by Mr. Laurent Brun. The substitute specific controller 
(Contrôleur spécifique suppléant) is Mr. Rémi Savournin.

--- Page 83 ---
83 
 
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS 
Amount of outstanding Notes 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, Notes issued by the Issuer, corresponding to item "Dettes représentées par 
un titre" under the caption "Emprunts obligataires" of the 2021 Issuer's Financial Statements, amounted to 
€2,400,000,000.00.

--- Page 84 ---
84 
 
MATERIAL CONTRACTS 
Please refer to section entitled "Relationship between MMB SCF and My Money Bank" below.

--- Page 85 ---
85 
 
RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN MMB SCF AND MY MONEY BANK 
As mentioned and/or further described in sections "Description of the Issuer – Business overview" and "Risk 
factors", the Issuer has entered into several contracts with My Money Bank, its parent company. The main 
contracts entered into between the Issuer and My Money Bank, as amended from time to time, are further described 
below. 
Outsourcing and Services Agreement (convention d'externalisation et de fourniture de services)  
The Issuer having no employees and own resources, it has entered into an outsourcing and services agreement 
(convention d'externalisation et de fourniture de services – the "Outsourcing and Services Agreement") (in 
compliance with the Arrêté du 3 novembre 2014) with My Money Bank, setting out the conditions under which 
My Money Bank shall provide services for the fulfilment of the regulatory obligations of the Issuer in its capacity 
as specialised credit institution subject to the laws and regulations governing sociétés de crédit foncier. 
The outsourced activities include in particular the accounting supervision (including regulatory reporting), the 
legal, tax, corporate and administrative assistance, the risks control, the permanent control (including compliance 
and fight against money laundering) and the periodic control. 
Management and Servicing Agreement (convention de gestion et de recouvrement) 
Under Article L.513-15 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, the administration or recovery of the loans, 
exposures, similar receivables, securities and deposits, bonds or other facilities must be carried out by a credit 
institution bound by contract to the société de crédit foncier. 
For such purpose, the Issuer has entered into a management and servicing agreement (convention de gestion et de 
recouvrement – the "Management and Servicing Agreement") with My Money Bank setting out the conditions 
under which My Money Bank shall provide services in connection with (i) the management and recovery of the 
advances made under the Facility Agreement by the Issuer to My Money Bank and the Eligible Assets transferred 
as collateral security under the Collateral Security Agreement, and (ii) the implementation of the asset-liability 
management policy of the Issuer in compliance with any laws and regulations relating to the sociétés de crédit 
foncier. 
Issuer Accounts and Cash Management Agreement 
The Issuer has entered into an accounts and cash management agreement (the "Issuer Accounts and Cash 
Management Agreement") with BNP Paribas and My Money Bank, which sets forth (i) the terms and conditions 
under which BNP Paribas opens and operates the bank accounts of the Issuer and (ii) the cash management services 
provided by BNP Paribas and My Money Bank to the Issuer. 
Facility Agreement 
The Issuer has entered into a €10,000,000,000 multicurrency term facility agreement (as defined above, the 
"Facility Agreement") with My Money Bank, which sets forth the terms and conditions upon which the proceeds 
of each issuance of Notes will be made available by the Issuer to My Money Bank (acting as borrower). 
Collateral Security Agreement 
The Issuer has entered into a collateral security agreement (as defined above, the "Collateral Security 
Agreement") executed between (i) the Issuer, in its capacity as Lender, and (ii) My Money Bank, as borrower, 
Collateral Provider, collateral security agent and other technical capacities. 
The Collateral Security Agreement sets forth the terms and conditions under which My Money Bank will transfer 
to the Issuer title to eligible assets (as further described in section entitled "Description of the Issuer – Business 
Overview") in full ownership by way of security (remise en pleine propriété à titre de garantie) in accordance with 
Article L.211-38 et seq. of the French Monetary and Financial Code. 
The Collateral Security Agreement also provides for the cash collateral arrangements with My Money Bank, 
according to which My Money Bank shall fund certain amounts as cash collateral (gage-espèces) so as to secure, 
as they become due and payable, the payments of all and any amounts owed by the borrower under the Facility 
Agreement. 
Subordinated Loan Agreement 
Before the first issue under the Programme, the Issuer will enter into a subordinated loan agreement (the 
"Subordinated Loan Agreement") with My Money Bank, which will set forth the terms and conditions under 
which My Money Bank will grant a subordinated loan to the Issuer. Such intra-group loan will not benefit from

--- Page 86 ---
86 
 
the Privilège set out in Article L.513-11 of the French Monetary and Financial Code. 
Hedging Agreements 
The Issuer may enter into certain hedging agreements (the "Hedging Agreements") (and related hedging 
transactions) and/or other contractual arrangements with My Money Bank (or any relevant third party) in order to 
mitigate the potential mismatch of the interest rates applicable to the Notes and to the Collateral Security Assets 
and the potential mismatch of currencies of denomination of the Notes and the Collateral Security Assets. 
Master Definitions and Construction Agreement  
The Issuer has entered into a master definitions and construction agreement (the "Master Definitions and 
Construction Agreement") with My Money Bank, setting out the definitions and construction rules applicable to 
most of the above mentioned agreements.

--- Page 87 ---
87 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 1 
(This form of Final Terms will only apply to the Notes with a denomination of at least €100,000) 
[PRIIPS REGULATION - PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council dated 15 May 2014 on markets in financial 
instruments, as amended ("MiFID II"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97 (EU) of the 
European Parliament and of the Council dated 20 January 2016 on insurance distribution (the "Insurance 
Distribution Directive") where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) 
of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council dated 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities are 
offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, as amended (the "Prospectus Regulation"). 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council dated 26 November 2014 on key information documents for packaged retail and 
insurance-based investment products, as amended (the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs 
Regulation.]1 
[PRIIPS REGULATION - PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (the "UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 
2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the 
"EUWA"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 
2000, as amended (the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement [the Insurance 
Distribution Directive / Directive 2016/97 (EU) of the European Parliament and of the Council dated 
20 January 2016 on insurance distribution], where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part 
of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required Regulation 
(EU) No 1286/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council dated 26 November 2014 on key information 
documents for packaged retail and insurance-based investment products, as amended, as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation.] 2 
[MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPs ONLY TARGET 
MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer['s/s'] product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes taking into account the five categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines 
published by ESMA on 5 February 2018 has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible 
counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament 
and of the Council dated 15 May 2014 on markets in financial instruments, as amended ("MiFID II") / MiFID II]; 
and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. 
Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining 
the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]3 
 
1 Legend to be included if (i) the Notes potentially constitute "packaged" products and no key information document will be prepared or (ii) 
the Issuer wishes to prohibit offers to EEA retail investors for any other reason, in which case the "Prohibition of sales to EEA retail investors" 
in Part A, item 26(i) should also be specified to be "Applicable". 
2 Legend to be included if (i) the Notes potentially constitute "packaged" products and no key information document will be prepared or (ii) 
the Issuer wishes to prohibit offers to UK retail investors for any other reason, in which case the "Prohibition of sales to UK retail investors" 
in Part A, item 26(ii) should also be specified to be "Applicable". 
3 Legend to be included following completion of the target market assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five categories 
referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 2018.

--- Page 88 ---
88 
 
[4UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPs ONLY TARGET 
MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer['s/s'] product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible 
counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook, and professional clients, as 
defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties 
and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]5. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
Final Terms dated [●] 
MMB SCF 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 969500901GY8ZCBR6Y85 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] obligations foncières 
(the "Notes") 
under the €10,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
for the issue of obligations foncières 
Series no.: [•] 
Tranche no.: [•] 
Issue Price: [•] per cent. 
[Name(s) of Dealer(s)] 
 
4 The legend may not be necessary if the managers in relation to the Notes are not subject to UK MiFIR and therefore there are no UK MiFIR 
manufacturers. Depending on the location of the manufacturers, there may be situations where either the MiFID II product governance 
legend or the UK MiFIR product governance legend or where both are included. 
5  ICMA 1 and ICMA 2 approaches envisage that a negative target market will be unlikely. Note that a programme which only envisages 
vanilla issuance is unlikely to require a negative target market placeholder. If a negative target market is deemed necessary, wording along 
the following lines could be included: "The target market assessment indicates that Notes are incompatible with the needs, characteristic and 
objectives of clients which are [fully risk averse/have no risk tolerance or are seeking on-demand full repayment of the amounts invested]."

--- Page 89 ---
89 
 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions (the 
"Conditions") set forth in the base prospectus dated 19 July 2022 which received approval number 22-315 from 
the Autorité des marchés financiers (the "AMF") on 19 July 2022 [, as supplemented by the supplement(s) to the 
base prospectus dated [•] which received approval number [●] from the AMF on [●]] ([together] the "Base 
Prospectus") which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of [the Prospectus Regulation / 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council dated 14 June 2017 on the prospectus 
to be published when securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, as amended 
(the "Prospectus Regulation")]. 
This document constitutes the final terms (the "Final Terms") relating to the Notes for the purposes of Article 8.4 
of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with such Base Prospectus in order to obtain all the 
relevant information. The Base Prospectus [and these Final Terms]6 [is] [are] available for viewing on the websites 
of My Money Bank (www.mymoneybank.com/en/organization/investor-reports) and of the AMF (www.amf-
france.org) and copies may be obtained, upon request and free of charge, during normal business hours at the 
registered office of the Issuer. [In addition7, the Base Prospectus and these Final Terms are available for viewing 
[on / at] [•].]] 
The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued 
under a base prospectus with an earlier date.  
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the conditions which are the [2018 
Conditions/2019 Conditions/2020 Conditions/2021 Conditions] which are incorporated by reference in the base 
prospectus dated 19 July 2022 which received approval number 22-315 from the Autorité des marchés financiers 
(the "AMF") on 19 July 2022 [, as supplemented by the supplement(s) to the base prospectus dated [●] which 
received approval number [●] from the AMF on [●]] ([together,] the "Base Prospectus") which [together] 
constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of [the Prospectus Regulation / Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council dated 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities are 
offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, as amended (the "Prospectus Regulation"). 
This document constitutes the final terms (the "Final Terms") relating to the Notes for the purposes of Article 8.4 
of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus, save in respect of section 
entitled "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" which is replaced by the [2018 Conditions/2019 Conditions/2020 
Conditions/2021 Conditions] in order to obtain all the relevant information. The Base Prospectus [and these Final 
Terms]8 
[is] 
[are] 
available 
for 
viewing 
on 
the 
websites 
of 
My 
Money 
Bank 
(www.mymoneybank.com/en/organization/investor-reports) and of the AMF (www.amf-france.org) and copies 
may be obtained, upon request and free of charge, during normal business hours at the registered office of the 
Issuer. [In addition9, the Base Prospectus and these Final Terms are available for viewing [on/at] [●].] 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not applicable". Note that the numbering should remain 
as set out below, even if "Not applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-paragraphs. Italics denote 
guidance for completing the Final Terms.] 
1. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
(iii) 
Date on which Notes become 
fungible: 
[●] 
[●] 
 
[Not applicable / The Notes will, upon listing, be 
assimilated (assimilées), form a single series and be 
interchangeable 
for 
trading 
purposes 
with 
the 
[[Currency] [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] 
[Title of Notes]] (the "Existing Notes") on [●]] 
 
6 If the Notes are admitted to trading on a Regulated Market. 
7 If the Notes are admitted to trading on a Regulated Market other than Euronext Paris. 
8 If the Notes are admitted to trading on a Regulated Market. 
9 If the Notes are admitted to trading on a Regulated Market other than Euronext Paris.

--- Page 90 ---
90 
 
2. 
Specified Currency: 
[●] 
3. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of Notes: 
 
(i) 
Series: 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[●] (Insert amount or, in the case of a public offer, 
manner in which and date and time in which such 
amount is to be made public) 
 
[●] 
[●] 
4. 
Issue Price: 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount of the 
Tranche [plus an amount corresponding to accrued 
interest at a rate of [●] per cent. of such Aggregate 
Nominal Amount for the period from, and including, the 
Interest Commencement Date to, but excluding, the 
Issue Date (if applicable)] 
5. 
Specified Denominations: 
[●] (one (1) denomination only for Dematerialised 
Notes) 
(The rules and procedures of the Relevant Regulated 
Market(s) and clearing system(s) shall be taken into 
account where choosing a Specified Denomination)10 
6. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[●] 
[[●] (specify) / Issue Date / Not applicable] 
7. 
Final Maturity Date: 
[●]  
(specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to the relevant month 
and year) 
8. 
Extended Final Maturity Date: 
[[●] (if applicable, specify date or (for Floating Rate 
Notes) Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest to the 
relevant month and year) / Not applicable] 
9. 
Interest Basis / Rate of Interest: 
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[[EURIBOR, €STR, EUR CMS or other] +/– [●] per 
cent. Floating Rate] 
[Fixed/Floating Rate] 
[Fixed/Fixed Rate] 
[Floating/Floating Rate] 
(further particulars specified in paragraphs [14/15/16]) 
10. 
Redemption / Payment Basis: 
[Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the Final 
Maturity Date [or the Extended Final Maturity Date, as 
the case may be] at [100 per cent. / [●] per cent.] of the 
Aggregate Nominal Amount] 
[Instalment] 
(further 
particulars 
specified 
in 
paragraphs 
[17/18/19/20/21]) 
 
10 Notes denominated in sterling in respect of which the issue proceeds are to be accepted by the Issuer in the United Kingdom or whose issue 
otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA and having a maturity of less than one (1) year must have a minimum 
denomination of Sterling 100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency at the date of the issue of such Notes).

--- Page 91 ---
91 
 
11. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Applicable 
– 
Fixed/Floating 
Rate/Applicable 
– 
Fixed/Fixed 
Rate/Applicable 
– 
Floating/Floating 
Rate/Not applicable]  
(further particulars specified in paragraph 16) 
12. 
Put / Call Options: 
[Noteholder Put] 
[Issuer Call] 
(further particulars specified in paragraphs [17/18]) 
[Not applicable] 
13. 
Date of corporate authorisations for 
issuance of Notes obtained: 
 
Decision 
of 
the 
Board of 
Directors 
(Conseil 
d'administration) of the Issuer dated [●]  
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14. 
Fixed Rate Notes Provisions: 
[Applicable / Applicable to the Interest Periods 
[preceding/following/preceding and following] the 
Switch Date (If the Switch Date falls on an Interest 
Payment Date) / Applicable to the Interest Periods 
[preceding the Interest Period including / up to the end 
of the Interest Period including / from the Interest 
Period including / following the Interest Period 
including / preceding and following] the Switch Date (If 
the Switch Date does not fall on an Interest Payment 
Date) / Not applicable]  
(if not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(If applicable to Interest Periods preceding and 
following the Switch Date with different Rates of 
Interest consider the following sub-paragraphs only for 
the Interest Periods preceding [and including] the 
Switch Date and replicate the following sub-
paragraphs for the Interest Periods following the 
Switch Date [and including the Interest Period 
Including the Switch Date]) 
(i) Rate(s) of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum [payable [annually / semi-
annually / quarterly / monthly / [●]] in arrear] 
(ii) Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] in each year commencing on [●] and up to and 
including the Final Maturity Date [or the Extended 
Final Maturity Date, as the case may be] 
(also specify the Interest Payment Dates if paragraph 8 
above is applicable) 
(this may need to be amended in the case of long or 
short coupon) 
(iii) Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
[●] per [[●] in] Specified Denomination [subject to the 
Broken Amount(s) referred to in sub-paragraph (iv) 
below]

--- Page 92 ---
92 
 
(iv) Broken Amount(s): 
[Not applicable / [●] (insert particulars of any initial or 
final broken interest amounts which do not correspond 
with the Fixed Coupon Amount(s))]  
(v) Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/ 365-FBF 
Actual/365 / Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual-ISDA / 
Act/Act / Act/Act-ISDA 
Actual/Actual-FBF 
Actual/Actual-ICMA / Act/Act-ICMA 
Actual/365 (Fixed) / Act/365 (Fixed) / A/365 (Fixed) / 
A/365 F 
Actual/360 / Act/360 / A/360 
30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis 
30E/360 / Eurobond Basis] 
(vi) Determination Date(s): 
[Not applicable / [●] in each year] 
(insert regular Interest Payment Dates, ignoring Issue 
Date or Final Maturity Date (or Extended Final 
Maturity Date, as the case may be) in the case of a long 
or short first or last coupon. N.B. only relevant where 
Day Count Fraction is Actual / Actual (ICMA)) 
15. 
Floating Rate Notes Provisions: 
[Applicable / Applicable to the Interest Periods 
[preceding/following/preceding and following] the 
Switch Date (If the Switch Date falls on an Interest 
Payment Date) / Applicable to the Interest Periods 
[preceding the Interest Period including / up to the end 
of the Interest Period including / from the Interest 
Period including / following the Interest Period 
including / preceding and following] the Switch Date (If 
the Switch Date does not fall on an Interest Payment 
Date) / Not applicable]  
(if not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(If applicable to Interest Periods preceding and 
following the Switch Date with different Rates of 
Interest consider the following sub-paragraphs only for 
the Interest Periods preceding [and including] the 
Switch Date and replicate the following sub-
paragraphs for the Interest Periods following the 
Switch Date [and including the Interest Period 
Including the Switch Date]) 
 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[●] 
(ii) 
Specified Interest Payment Dates: 
[●] (subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention set out in sub-paragraph (v) 
below) 
(also specify the Specified Interest Payment Dates if 
paragraph 8 above is applicable) 
(iii) 
First Interest Payment Date: 
[●]

--- Page 93 ---
93 
 
(iv) 
Interest Period Date: 
[[●] / Interest Payment Date] 
(v) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Business Day Convention / Following 
Business Day Convention / Modified Following 
Business Day Convention / Preceding Business Day 
Convention)] 
(insert "unadjusted" if the application of the relevant 
business day convention is not intended to affect the 
Interest Amount) 
(vi) 
Business Centre(s): 
[●] 
(vii) Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is /are to be determined: 
 
[Screen Rate Determination / FBF Determination / 
ISDA Determination] 
(viii) Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate(s) of Interest and / or Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the Calculation 
Agent): 
 
 
 
[[●] / Not applicable] 
(ix) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable / Not applicable] 
• Benchmark: 
[●]  
(specify [EURIBOR, €STR, EUR CMS or other] and 
months 
[e.g. 
EURIBOR 
3 
months])(additional 
information if necessary)  
(if the Rate of Interest is determined by linear 
interpolation in respect of the first and/or last long or 
short interest accrual period, insert the relevant interest 
period(s) and the relevant two rates used for such 
determination) 
• Relevant Time: 
[11:00 a.m. (Frankfurt time) / [●]]  
• Interest Determination Date(s): 
[●] 
• Primary Source: 
[[●] (specify relevant screen page) / ISDAFIX2 / 
Reference Banks] 
• €STR Observation Look-Back 
Period 
[[●] TARGET Business Day (specify) / Not applicable] 
(only relevant where Benchmark is €STR) 
• Reference Banks (if Primary 
Source is "Reference Banks"): 
 
[●] 
• Designated Maturity: 
[●] 
(only relevant where Benchmark is EUR CMS) 
• Relevant Financial Centre:  
[Paris / London / Euro-zone / [●] (specify the financial 
centre most closely connected to the Benchmark)] 
• Representative Amount: 
[●] (specify if screen or Reference Bank quotations are 
to be given in respect of a transaction of a specified 
notional amount)

--- Page 94 ---
94 
 
• Effective Date: 
[●] (specify if quotations are not to be obtained with 
effect from commencement of Interest Accrual Period) 
• Specified Duration: 
[●] (specify period for quotation if not duration of 
Interest Accrual Period) 
(x) 
FBF Determination: 
[Applicable / Not applicable] 
• Floating Rate (Taux Variable): 
[●] 
(specify [EURIBOR, €STR, EUR CMS or other] and 
months [e.g. EURIBOR 3 months])  
(if the Rate of Interest is determined by linear 
interpolation in respect of the first and/or last long or 
short interest accrual period, insert the relevant interest 
period(s) and the relevant two rates used for such 
determination] 
(additional information if necessary) 
• Floating Rate Determination Date 
(Date de détermination du Taux 
Variable): 
 
 
[●] 
(xi) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable / Not applicable] 
• ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions/2021 ISDA Definitions] 
• Floating Rate Option: 
[●] 
(specify [EURIBOR, €STR, EUR CMS or other] and 
months [e.g. EURIBOR 3 months])  
(if the Rate of Interest is determined by linear 
interpolation in respect of the first and/or last long or 
short interest accrual period, insert the relevant interest 
period(s) and the relevant two rates used for such 
determination) 
(additional information if necessary)  
• Designated Maturity: 
[●] 
• Reset Date: 
[●] 
(xii) Margin(s): 
[+/-][●] per cent. per annum 
(xiii) Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[0/ [●] per cent. per annum] 
(xiv) Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[Not applicable / [●] per cent. per annum] 
(xv) Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/365-FBF 
Actual/365 / Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual-ISDA / 
Act/Act / Act/Act-ISDA 
Actual/Actual-FBF 
Actual/Actual-ICMA / Act/Act-ICMA 
Actual/365 (Fixed) / Act/365 (Fixed) / A/365 (Fixed) / 
A/365 F 
Actual/360 / Act/360 / A/360

--- Page 95 ---
95 
 
30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis 
30E/360 / Eurobond Basis] 
16. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes Provisions, 
Fixed/Fixed Rate Notes Provisions or 
Floating/Floating Rate Notes Provisions: 
 
 
[Applicable / Not applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Issuer Change of Interest Basis: 
[Applicable / Not applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Automatic Change of Interest Basis: 
[Applicable / Not applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Rate of Interest applicable to the 
Interest Periods [preceeding the 
Switch Date (excluded) (If the Switch 
Date falls on an Interest Payment 
Date)] / [preceding the Interest 
Period including the Switch Date / 
up to the end of the Interest Period 
including the Switch Date (If the 
Switch Date does not fall on an 
Interest Payment Date)]: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Determined in accordance with [Condition 5(b) as 
further described in paragraph 14 above / Condition 5(c) 
as further described in paragraph 15 above] 
 
(iv) 
Rate of Interest applicable to the 
Interest Periods [following the 
Switch Date (included) (If the Switch 
Date falls on an Interest Payment 
Date)] / [from the Interest Period 
including the Switch Date / 
following the Interest Period 
including the Switch Date (If the 
Switch Date does not fall on an 
Interest Payment Date)]: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Determined in accordance with [Condition 5(b) as 
further described in paragraph 14 above / Condition 5(c) 
as further described in paragraph 15 above] 
 
(v) 
Switch Date: 
[●] 
 
(vi) 
Minimum notice period required for 
notice from the Issuer: 
 
[[●] Business Days prior to the Switch Date / Not 
applicable] (in the case of Automatic Change of Interest 
Basis)

--- Page 96 ---
96 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
17. 
Final Redemption Amount of each Note: 
[[●] per [[●] in] Specified Denomination / Not 
applicable] 
 
(i) Extension Trigger Event: 
(ii) Notice period of any Extension Trigger 
Event: 
As per Condition 6(a) 
 
[●] 
18. 
Redemption by Instalment: 
[Applicable / Not applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Instalment Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Instalment Amount(s) in respect of 
each Note: 
 
(iii) 
Minimum Instalment Amount: 
(iv) 
Maximum Instalment Amount:  
 
[●] 
[[●] / Not applicable] 
[[●] / Not applicable] 
19. 
Call Option: 
[Applicable / Not applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) of 
each Note: 
 
[Optional Redemption Amount = [●] 
Y = [●]] / [Not applicable] 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
(a) Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
 
[[●] per [[●] in] Specified Denomination / Not 
applicable] 
(b) Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
 
[[●] per [[●] in] Specified Denomination / Not 
applicable]  
(iv) 
Option Exercise Date(s): 
[●] 
(v) 
Notice period (if other than as set 
out in the Conditions): 
 
[As per Condition 6(c) / Other (specify)] 
20. 
Put Option: 
[Applicable / Not applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) of 
each Note: 
 
[Optional Redemption Amount = [●] 
Y = [●]] / [Not applicable] 
(iii) 
Option Exercise Date(s): 
[●]

--- Page 97 ---
97 
 
(iv) 
Notice period: 
[●] (specify) 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
21. 
Form of Notes: 
[Dematerialised Notes / Materialised Notes]  
(materialised Notes are only in bearer form) 
(i) 
Form of Dematerialised Notes: 
 
[Not applicable / Bearer form (au porteur) / 
Registered form (au nominatif)] 
(ii) 
Registration Agent: 
[Not applicable / Applicable (if applicable give name 
and address)]  
(note that a Registration Agent must be appointed in 
relation to fully Registered Dematerialised Notes 
only) 
(iii) 
Temporary Global Certificate: 
[Not applicable / Temporary Global Certificate 
exchangeable for Definitive Materialised Notes on the 
exchange date, being forty (40) days after the Issue 
Date subject to postponement as specified in the 
Temporary Global Certificate] 
22. 
Financial Centre(s) or other special 
provisions relating to payment dates for 
the purposes of Condition 7(g): 
 
 
[Not applicable / [●] (note that this paragraph relates 
to the date and place of payment, and not interest 
period end dates, to which sub-paragraph 15 (v) 
relate)] 
23. 
Adjusted Payment Date: 
[The next following Business Day / the next following 
Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next 
calendar month, in which event such date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceeding 
Business Day / the immediately preceeding Business 
Day] 
24. 
Talons for future Coupons or Receipts to 
be attached to Definitive Materialised 
Notes (and dates on which such Talons 
mature): 
 
 
 
[Yes / No / Not applicable (if yes, give details)]  
(only applicable to Materialised Notes) 
25. 
Masse (Condition 10 paragraphs (a) to 
(h)): 
 
 
(i) 
Representative: 
 
[As per Condition 10 / [●] / No Representative has 
been appointed in relation to the Notes as at the Issue 
Date] 
 
(ii) Alternate Representative: 
[As per Condition 10 / Not applicable/[●] (Insert name 
and address of the Alternate Representative)] 
 
(iii) Remuneration of Representative: 
 
 
[As per Condition 10 / The Representative will 
receive a remuneration of [●]]

--- Page 98 ---
98 
 
26. 
(i) Prohibition of sales to EEA retail 
investors11: 
[Applicable/Not applicable]  
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products, "Not applicable" should be specified. If the 
Notes may constitute "packaged" products and no key 
information document will be prepared, "Applicable" 
should be specified.) 
 
(ii) Prohibition of sales to UK retail 
investors12: 
[Applicable/Not applicable]  
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products, "Not applicable" should be specified. If the 
Notes may constitute "packaged" products and no key 
information document will be prepared, "Applicable" 
should be specified.) 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[(Relevant third party information)] has been extracted from [●] (specify source). The Issuer confirms that such 
information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information 
published by [●] (specify source), no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information 
inaccurate or misleading.] 
I accept responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms. 
Signed on behalf of MMB SCF: 
By: 
............................................ 
Duly authorised 
 
11 The expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 
4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended ("MiFID II"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended. 
12 The expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation 
(EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "EUWA"); or (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the "FSMA") and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a 
qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA

--- Page 99 ---
99 
 
PART B - OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
(i) 
Listing(s): 
[[Euronext Paris / [●] (specify other relevant regulated 
market)] with effect from [●] / Not applicable] 
(ii) 
(a) Admission to trading: 
[Application [has been / is expected to be] made by the 
Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to 
trading on [Euronext Paris / [●] (specify other relevant 
regulated market, third country market, SME Growth 
Market or MTF) with effect from [●]] / Not applicable]  
 
(b) Regulated 
Markets 
or 
equivalent 
markets on which, to the knowledge of 
the Issuer, securities of the same class 
of the Notes to be admitted to trading 
are already admitted to trading:  
 
 
 
 
[The Existing Notes are admitted to trading on [●] / Not 
applicable] 
(where documenting a fungible issue, need to indicate 
that original Notes are already admitted to trading.)  
(iii) 
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading:  
 
[[●] / Not applicable] 
2. 
RATING 
 
Ratings: 
[Not applicable / The Notes [have been / are expected 
to be] rated:  
[[●]: S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P")] 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Notes of the type being issued under the 
Programme generally or, where the issue has been 
specifically rated, that rating.) 
[The above rating agency is established in the 
European Union and is registered under Regulation 
(EC) 1060/2009 of the European Parliament and the 
Council of 16 September 2009 on credit rating 
agencies, as amended (the "CRA Regulation"). [The 
above rating agency is included in the list of credit 
rating agencies published by the European Security 
and 
Markets 
Authority 
on 
its 
website 
(https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-
rating-agencies/risk).] [The above rating agency [is 
certified under the CRA Regulation as it forms part 
of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the 
"UK CRA Regulation") / The rating[s] given by the 
above rating agency] [has been/will be] endorsed by 
[●] in accordance with the CRA Regulation as it 
forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom 
by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation")].] 
[The above rating agency is not established in the 
European Union and has not applied for registration 
in accordance with Regulation (EC) 1060/2009 of the 
European Parliament and the Council of 16

--- Page 100 ---
100 
 
September 2009 on credit rating agencies, as 
amended (the "CRA Regulation"), but [is certified 
under the CRA Regulation / the rating[s] given by the 
above rating agency] [has been/will be] endorsed by 
[●] in accordance with the CRA Regulation].  
[As such, the rating[s] issued by the above rating 
agency may be used for regulatory purposes in the 
[European Union/United Kingdom] in accordance 
with the [CRA Regulation/UK CRA Regulation].] 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning 
of the ratings if it has previously been published by 
rating provider.] 
3.  
USE OF AND ESTIMATED NET 
PROCEEDS 
 
 
 
(i) 
Use of net proceeds: 
[See section entitled "Use of Proceeds" of the Base 
Prospectus/Give details] 
(See "Use of Proceeds" wording in Base Prospectus 
– if the reasons for the offer are different from what 
is disclosed in the Base Prospectus, give details 
here.) 
 
 
(ii) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[●] 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use, split 
out and present in order of priority. If proceeds are 
insufficient to fund all proposed uses, state amount 
and sources of other funding.) 
4.  
NOTIFICATION 
[Applicable / Not applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
 
 
The AMF, which is the competent authority in France 
for the purpose of the Prospectus Regulation [has 
been requested to provide / has provided - include 
first 
alternative 
for 
an 
issue 
which 
is 
contemporaneous with the update of the Programme 
and the second alternative for subsequent issues] the 
[include names of competent authorities of host 
member states of the EEA] with [a] certificate[s] of 
approval attesting that the Base Prospectus [and the 
supplement(s) to the Base Prospectus [has / have] 
been drawn up in accordance with the Prospectus 
Regulation. 
5. 
 
SPECIFIC CONTROLLER 
 
The specific controller (contrôleur spécifique) of the 
Issuer has delivered [(i)] a certificate relating to the 
borrowing programme for the current quarter 
certifying that the value of the assets of the Issuer will 
be greater than the value of its liabilities benefiting 
from the Privilège with respect to such quarterly 
borrowing programme [and (ii) a certificate relating 
to the issue of the Notes certifying that the value of 
the assets of the Issuer will be greater than the value 
of its liabilities benefiting from the Privilège after

--- Page 101 ---
101 
 
settlement of this issue and of the issues which have 
been the subject of previous attestations]13 
6.  
OTHER ADVISORS  
[Applicable / Not applicable] 
(If advisors are mentioned in these Final Terms, 
include a declaration which specifies the capacity in 
which the advisors have acted.) 
7. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND 
LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN 
THE ISSUE 
 
 
[Applicable / Not applicable] 
 
 
(Include a description of any interest, including 
conflicting ones, that is material to the issue, 
detailing the persons involved and the nature of the 
interest. May be satisfied by the inclusion of the 
following statement: "Save for any fees paid to the 
[Dealers / [Joint] [Lead] Manager(s)] in connection 
with the issue of the Notes, as discussed in section 
entitled "Subscription and Sale" of the Base 
Prospectus, so far as the Issuer is aware, no person 
involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest 
material to the offer".) 
8. 
[FIXED RATE NOTES ONLY-YIELD 
[Applicable / Not applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Indication of Yield: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis 
of the Issue Price. It is not an indication of future 
yield.] 
9.  
[FLOATING RATE NOTES ONLY – 
BENCHMARK 
 
 
 
 
Benchmarks: 
Amounts payable under the Notes will be calculated 
by reference to [●] which is provided by [●]. As at 
[●], [●] [appear/do not appear] on the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmark 
Regulation 
(Regulation 
(EU) 
2016/1011), 
as 
amended (the "Benchmark Regulation"). [As far as 
the Issuer is aware, [[●] is not required to be 
registered by virtue of Article 2 of the [Benchmark 
Regulation]/[the transitional provisions in Article 51 
of the Benchmark Regulation apply, such that [●] is 
not currently required to obtain authorisation or 
registration.]] 
 
13 
Only applicable if the amount of Notes issued equals or exceeds €500,000,000 or its equivalent in any other currency at the date of the 
issue of such Notes.

--- Page 102 ---
102 
 
10 
[EUROPEAN 
COVERED 
BOND 
(PREMIUM) LABEL 
 
 
The Notes [are intended to benefit]/[benefit]/[do not benefit] from the "European Covered Bond 
(Premium)" label. 
(Specify "do not benefit" if the Notes are assimilated to and under the same legal regime as Notes 
issued under the EMTN Previous Conditions). Otherwise, specify "are intended to benefit" or 
"benefit".] 
11.  
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
 
ISIN Code: 
[●] 
 
Common Code: 
[●] 
 
FISN Code: 
[●] 
 
CFI Code: 
[●] 
 
Depositaries: 
 
 
(i) 
Euroclear France to act as Central 
Depositary: 
 
[Yes / No] 
 
(ii) Common Depositary for Euroclear Bank 
and Clearstream Banking, S.A.: 
 
[Yes / No] 
 
Name(s) and address(es) of any clearing 
system(s) other than Euroclear Bank and 
Clearstream Banking, S.A. and the relevant 
identification number(s): 
 
 
 
[Not applicable / [●]] 
 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against / free of] payment 
 
Names and addresses of additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
 
[Not applicable / [●]] 
 
Name and address of Calculation Agent (if 
any): 
 
[Not applicable / [●]] 
12. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated / Non-syndicated] 
 
(i) 
If syndicated, names of Managers: 
[Not applicable / [●]] 
  
(ii) Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not applicable / [●]] 
 
If non-syndicated, name of Dealer: 
[Not applicable / [●]] 
 
U.S. selling restrictions: 
The Issuer is Category 1 for the purposes of 
Regulation S under the United States Securities Act 
of 1933, as amended. 
[TEFRA C / TEFRA D / TEFRA Not applicable] 
(TEFRA rules are not applicable to Dematerialised 
Notes)

--- Page 103 ---
103 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 2 
(This form of Final Terms will only apply to the Notes with a denomination of less than €100,000) 
 
[PRIIPS REGULATION - PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council dated 15 May 2014 on markets in financial 
instruments, as amended ("MiFID II"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97 (EU) of the 
European Parliament and of the Council dated 20 January 2016 on insurance distribution (the "Insurance 
Distribution Directive") where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) 
of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council dated 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities are 
offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, as amended (the "Prospectus Regulation"). 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs 
Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA 
has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]14 
[PRIIPS REGULATION - PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (the "UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 
2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the 
"EUWA"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 
2000, as amended (the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement [the Insurance 
Distribution Directive / Directive 2016/97 (EU) of the European Parliament and of the Council dated 
20 January 2016 on insurance distribution], where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part 
of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation 
(EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") 
for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared 
and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK 
may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]15 
16[MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPs ONLY TARGET 
MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer['s/s'] product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes taking into account the five categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines 
published by ESMA on 5 February 2018 has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible 
counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament 
and of the Council dated 15 May 2014 on markets in financial instruments, as amended ("MiFID II") / MiFID II]; 
and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. 
Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining 
the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.17 
 
14 Legend to be included if (i) the Notes potentially constitute "packaged" products and no key information document will be prepared or (ii) 
the Issuer wishes to prohibit offers to EEA retail investors for any other reason, in which case the "Prohibition of sales to EEA retail investors" 
in Part A, item 26(i) should also be specified to be "Applicable". 
15  Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if either (a) the Notes potentially constitute "packaged" products and no key information 
document will be prepared or (b) the Issuer wishes to prohibit offers to UK retail investors for any other reason, in which case this selling 
restriction should be included and item 26(ii) of Part A should be specified as being "Applicable". 
16 Legend to be included following completion of the target market assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five categories 
referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 2018. 
17 Legend to be included if the Notes are not intended to be sold to retail clients.

--- Page 104 ---
104 
 
18 [19UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPs ONLY 
TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer['s/s'] product approval process, the 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in item 18 
of the Guidelines published by European Securities and Markets Authority on 5 February 2018 (in accordance 
with the FCA's policy statement entitled "Brexit our approach to EU non-legislative materials"), has led to the 
conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook 
Conduct of Business Sourcebook, and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all 
channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider 
any negative target market]20. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
"distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook is responsible 
for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
OR 
[21MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / RETAIL INVESTORS, PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND 
ECPs TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer['s/s'] product approval process, 
the target market assessment in respect of the Notes taking into account the five categories referred to in item 18 
of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 2018 has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for 
the Notes is eligible counterparties, professional clients and retail clients, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU 
of the European Parliament and of the Council dated 15 May 2014 on markets in financial instruments ("MiFID 
II") / MiFID II]; EITHER 22[and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate[, including 
investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services]23] OR 24[(ii) all channels 
for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following channels 
for distribution of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate - investment advice[,/ and] portfolio management[,/ 
and][ non-advised sales][and pure execution services][, subject to the distributor's suitability and appropriateness 
obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]]. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the 
distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]25.] 
26 27[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / RETAIL INVESTORS, PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS 
AND ECPs TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer['s/s'] product approval 
process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five (5) categories referred 
 
18 The legend may not be necessary if the managers in relation to the Notes are not subject to UK MiFIR and therefore there are no UK MiFIR 
manufacturers. Depending on the location of the manufacturers, there may be situations where either the MiFID II product governance 
legend or the UK MiFIR product governance legend or where both are included. 
19 Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Notes are not intended to be sold to retail clients.  
20 ICMA 1 and ICMA 2 approaches envisage that a negative target market will be unlikely. Note that a programme which only envisages 
vanilla issuance is unlikely to require a negative target market placeholder. If a negative target market is deemed necessary, wording along 
the following lines could be included: "The target market assessment indicates that Notes are incompatible with the needs, characteristic 
and objectives of clients which are [fully risk averse/have no risk tolerance or are seeking on-demand full repayment of the amounts 
invested]." 
21 Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if following the ICMA 2 approach.  
22 Include for bonds that are not ESMA complex. 
23 This list may not be necessary, especially for bonds that are not ESMA complex where all channels of distribution may be appropriate. It 
reflects the list used in the examples in the ESMA Guidelines. 
24 Include for certain ESMA complex bonds. This list may need to be amended, for example, if advised sales are deemed necessary. If there 
are advised sales, a determination of suitability will be necessary. In addition, if the Notes constitute "complex" products, pure execution 
services are not permitted to retail without the need to make the determination of appropriateness required under Article 25(3) of MiFID 
II. 
25 Legend to be included if the Notes are intended to be sold to retail clients. 
26 The legend may not be necessary if the managers in relation to the Notes are not subject to UK MiFIR and therefore there are no UK MiFIR 
manufacturers. Depending on the location of the manufacturers, there may be situations where either the MiFID II product governance 
legend or the UK MiFIR product governance legend or where both are included. 
27  Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if following the ICMA 2 approach.

--- Page 105 ---
105 
 
to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by European Securities and Markets Authority on 5 February 2018 (in 
accordance with the FCA's policy statement entitled "Brexit our approach to EU non-legislative materials"), has 
led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is retail clients, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of 
Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 ("EUWA"), and eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business 
Sourcebook ("COBS") and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of 
UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; EITHER 28[and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes are 
appropriate[, including investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution 
services]29] OR 30[(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate - 
investment advice[,/ and] portfolio management[,/ and][ non-advised sales ][and pure execution services][, subject 
to the distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable]]. [Consider any negative 
target market]31. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should 
take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA 
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting 
or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, 
subject to the distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable]3233.]] 
Final Terms dated [•] 
 
MMB SCF 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 969500901GY8ZCBR6Y85 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] obligations foncières 
(the "Notes") 
under the €10,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
for the issue of obligations foncières 
Series no.: [•] 
Tranche no.: [•] 
Issue Price: [•] per cent. 
[Name(s) of Dealer(s)] 
 
28  Include for bonds that are not ESMA complex (in the UK context, as reflected in COBS). 
29  This list may not be necessary, especially for bonds that are not ESMA complex (in the UK context, as reflected in COBS) where all channels 
of distribution may be appropriate. It reflects the list used in the examples in the ESMA Guidelines. 
30  Include for certain ESMA complex bonds (in the UK context, as reflected in COBS). This list may need to be amended, for example, if 
advised sales are deemed necessary. If there are advised sales, a determination of suitability will be necessary. In addition, if the Notes 
constitute "complex" products, pure execution services are not permitted to retail without the need to make the determination of 
appropriateness. 
31  ICMA 1 and ICMA 2 approaches envisage that a negative target market will be unlikely. Note that a programme which only envisages 
vanilla issuance is unlikely to require a negative target market placeholder. If a negative target market is deemed necessary, wording along 
the following lines could be included: "The target market assessment indicates that Notes are incompatible with the needs, characteristic and 
objectives of clients which are [fully risk averse/have no risk tolerance or are seeking on-demand full repayment of the amounts invested]." 
32  If the Notes constitute "complex" products, pure execution services are not permitted to retail without the need to make the determination 
of appropriateness. If there are advised sales, a determination of suitability will be necessary. 
33  Please note that non-exempt offers in the UK require a FCA approval. Since the Base Prospectus is not currently passported in the UK or 
approved by the FCA, an approval of this document or a drawdown approved by the FCA should be required before any sales to UK retail 
investors.

--- Page 106 ---
106 
 
[The following language applies only where a Non-exempt Offer is contemplated.] 
[Any person making or intending to make an offer of the Notes may only do so: 
(i) in the Non-Exempt Offer Jurisdiction (as mentioned in Part B – paragraph 12), provided that such person 
is an Authorised Offeror (as mentioned in Part B – paragraph 12) and that such offer is made during the 
Offer Period (as mentioned in Part B – paragraph 12) and that any conditions relevant to the use of the 
Base Prospectus are complied with; or  
(ii) 
otherwise in circumstances in which the Issuer or any Dealer does not have to publish a prospectus pursuant 
to article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation (as defined below) or a supplement to a prospectus pursuant to 
article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer. 
Neither the Issuer nor any Dealer has authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of any offer of Notes in any 
other circumstances.]

--- Page 107 ---
107 
 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions (the 
"Conditions") set forth in the base prospectus dated 19 July 2022 which received approval number 22-315 from 
the Autorité des marchés financiers (the "AMF") on 19 July 2022 [, as supplemented by the supplement(s) to the 
base prospectus dated [•] which received approval number [●] from the AMF on [●]] ([together,] the "Base 
Prospectus") which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of [the Prospectus Regulation / 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council dated 14 June 2017 on the prospectus 
to be published when securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, as amended 
(the "Prospectus Regulation").] 
This document constitutes the final terms (the "Final Terms") relating to the Notes for the purposes of Article 8.4 
of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with such Base Prospectus in order to obtain all the 
relevant information. A summary of the issue of the Notes is annexed to these Final Terms. The Base Prospectus 
[and these Final Terms]34 [is] [are] available for viewing on the websites of My Money Bank 
(www.mymoneybank.com/en/organization/investor-reports) and of the AMF (www.amf-france.org) and copies 
may be obtained, upon request and free of charge, during normal business hours at the registered office of the 
Issuer. [In addition35, the Base Prospectus and these Final Terms are available for viewing [on / at] [•].]] 
The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued 
under a base prospectus with an earlier date.  
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the conditions which are the [2018 
Conditions/2019 Conditions/2020 Conditions/2021 Conditions] which are incorporated by reference in the base 
prospectus dated 19 July 2022 which received approval number 22-315 from the Autorité des marchés financiers 
(the "AMF") on 19 July 2022 [, as supplemented by the supplement(s) to the base prospectus dated [●] which 
received approval number [●] from the AMF on [●]] ([together,] the "Base Prospectus") which [together] 
constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of [the Prospectus Regulation / Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council dated 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities are 
offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, as amended (the "Prospectus Regulation"). 
This document constitutes the final terms (the "Final Terms") relating to the Notes for the purposes of Article 8.4 
of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus, save in respect of section 
entitled "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" which is replaced by the [2018 Conditions/2019 Conditions/2020 
Conditions/2021 Conditions] in order to obtain all the relevant information. A summary of the issue of the Notes 
is annexed to these Final Terms. The Base Prospectus [and these Final Terms]36 [is] [are] available for viewing on 
the websites of My Money Bank (www.mymoneybank.com/en/organization/investor-reports) and of the AMF 
(www.amf-france.org) and copies may be obtained, upon request and free of charge, during normal business hours 
at the registered office of the Issuer. [In addition37, the Base Prospectus and these Final Terms are available for 
viewing [on/at] [●].] 
 [Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not applicable". Note that the numbering should remain 
as set out below, even if "Not applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-paragraphs. Italics denote 
guidance for completing the Final Terms.] 
1. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
(iii) 
Date on which Notes become 
fungible: 
[●] 
[●] 
 
[Not applicable / The Notes will, upon listing, be 
assimilated (assimilées), form a single series and be 
interchangeable 
for 
trading 
purposes 
with 
the 
[[Currency] [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] 
[Title of Notes]] (the "Existing Notes") on [●]] 
 
34 If the Notes are admitted to trading on a Regulated Market. 
35 If the Notes are admitted to trading on a Regulated Market other than Euronext Paris. 
36 If the Notes are admitted to trading on a Regulated Market. 
37 If the Notes are admitted to trading on a Regulated Market other than Euronext Paris.

--- Page 108 ---
108 
 
2. 
Specified Currency: 
[●] 
3. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of Notes: 
 
(i) 
Series: 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[●] (Insert amount or, in the case of a public offer, 
manner in which and date and time in which such 
amount is to be made public) 
 
[●] 
[●] 
4. 
Issue Price: 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount of the 
Tranche [plus an amount corresponding to accrued 
interest at a rate of [●] per cent. of such Aggregate 
Nominal Amount for the period from, and including, the 
Interest Commencement Date to, but excluding, the 
Issue Date (if applicable)] 
5. 
Specified Denominations: 
[●] (one (1) denomination only for Dematerialised 
Notes) 
(The rules and procedures of the Relevant Regulated 
Market(s) and clearing system(s) shall be taken into 
account where choosing a Specified Denomination)38 
6. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[●] 
[[●] (specify) / Issue Date / Not applicable] 
7. 
Final Maturity Date: 
[●]  
(specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to the relevant month 
and year) 
8. 
Extended Final Maturity Date: 
[[●] (if applicable, specify date or (for Floating Rate 
Notes) Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest to the 
relevant month and year) / Not applicable] 
9. 
Interest Basis / Rate of Interest: 
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[[EURIBOR, €STR, EUR CMS or other] +/– [●] per 
cent. Floating Rate] 
[Fixed/Floating Rate] 
[Fixed/Fixed Rate] 
[Floating/Floating Rate] 
(further particulars specified in paragraphs [14/15/16]) 
10. 
Redemption / Payment Basis: 
[Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the Final 
Maturity Date [or the Extended Final Maturity Date, as 
the case may be] at [100 per cent. / [●] per cent.] of the 
Aggregate Nominal Amount] 
[Instalment] 
(further 
particulars 
specified 
in 
paragraphs 
[17/18/19/20/21]) 
 
38 Notes denominated in sterling in respect of which the issue proceeds are to be accepted by the Issuer in the United Kingdom or whose issue 
otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA and having a maturity of less than one (1) year must have a minimum 
denomination of Sterling 100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency at the date of the issue of such Notes).

--- Page 109 ---
109 
 
11. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Applicable 
– 
Fixed/Floating 
Rate/Applicable 
– 
Fixed/Fixed 
Rate/Applicable 
– 
Floating/Floating 
Rate/Not applicable]  
(further particulars specified in paragraph 16) 
12. 
Put / Call Options: 
[Noteholder Put] 
[Issuer Call] 
(further particulars specified in paragraphs [17/18]) 
[Not applicable] 
13. 
Date of corporate authorisations for 
issuance of Notes obtained: 
 
Decision 
of 
the 
Board of 
Directors 
(Conseil 
d'administration) of the Issuer dated [●]  
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14. 
Fixed Rate Notes Provisions: 
[Applicable / Applicable to the Interest Periods 
[preceding/following/preceding and following] the 
Switch Date (If the Switch Date falls on an Interest 
Payment Date) / Applicable to the Interest Periods 
[preceding the Interest Period including / up to the end 
of the Interest Period including / from the Interest 
Period including / following the Interest Period 
including / preceding and following] the Switch Date (If 
the Switch Date does not fall on an Interest Payment 
Date) / Not applicable]  
(if not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(If applicable to Interest Periods preceding and 
following the Switch Date with different Rates of 
Interest consider the following sub-paragraphs only for 
the Interest Periods preceding [and including] the 
Switch Date and replicate the following sub-
paragraphs for the Interest Periods following the 
Switch Date [and including the Interest Period 
Including the Switch Date]) 
(i) Rate(s) of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum [payable [annually / semi-
annually / quarterly / monthly / [●]] in arrear] 
(ii) Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] in each year commencing on [●] and up to and 
including the Final Maturity Date [or the Extended 
Final Maturity Date, as the case may be] 
(also specify the Interest Payment Dates if paragraph 8 
above is applicable) 
(this may need to be amended in the case of long or 
short coupon) 
(iii) Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
[●] per [[●] in] Specified Denomination [subject to the 
Broken Amount(s) referred to in sub-paragraph (iv) 
below]

--- Page 110 ---
110 
 
(iv) Broken Amount(s): 
[Not applicable / [●] (insert particulars of any initial or 
final broken interest amounts which do not correspond 
with the Fixed Coupon Amount(s))]  
(v) Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/ 365-FBF 
Actual/365 / Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual-ISDA / 
Act/Act / Act/Act-ISDA 
Actual/Actual-FBF 
Actual/Actual-ICMA / Act/Act-ICMA 
Actual/365 (Fixed) / Act/365 (Fixed) / A/365 (Fixed) / 
A/365 F 
Actual/360 / Act/360 / A/360 
30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis 
30E/360 / Eurobond Basis] 
(vi) Determination Date(s): 
[Not applicable / [●] in each year] 
(insert regular Interest Payment Dates, ignoring Issue 
Date or Final Maturity Date (or Extended Final 
Maturity Date, as the case may be) in the case of a long 
or short first or last coupon. N.B. only relevant where 
Day Count Fraction is Actual / Actual (ICMA)) 
15. 
Floating Rate Notes Provisions: 
[Applicable / Applicable to the Interest Periods 
[preceding/following/preceding and following] the 
Switch Date (If the Switch Date falls on an Interest 
Payment Date) / Applicable to the Interest Periods 
[preceding the Interest Period including / up to the end 
of the Interest Period including / from the Interest 
Period including / following the Interest Period 
including / preceding and following] the Switch Date (If 
the Switch Date does not fall on an Interest Payment 
Date) / Not applicable]  
(if not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(If applicable to Interest Periods preceding and 
following the Switch Date with different Rates of 
Interest consider the following sub-paragraphs only for 
the Interest Periods preceding [and including] the 
Switch Date and replicate the following sub-
paragraphs for the Interest Periods following the 
Switch Date [and including the Interest Period 
Including the Switch Date]) 
(i) Interest Period(s): 
[●] 
(ii) Specified Interest Payment Dates: 
[●] (subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention set out in sub-paragraph (v) 
below) 
(also specify the Specified Interest Payment Dates if 
paragraph 8 above is applicable) 
(iii) First Interest Payment Date: 
[●] 
(iv) Interest Period Date: 
[[●] / Interest Payment Date]

--- Page 111 ---
111 
 
(v) Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Business Day Convention / Following 
Business Day Convention / Modified Following 
Business Day Convention / Preceding Business Day 
Convention)] 
(insert "unadjusted" if the application of the relevant 
business day convention is not intended to affect the 
Interest Amount) 
(vi) Business Centre(s): 
[●] 
(vii) Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is /are to be determined: 
 
[Screen Rate Determination / FBF Determination / 
ISDA Determination] 
(viii) Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate(s) of Interest and / or Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the Calculation 
Agent): 
 
 
 
[[●] / Not applicable] 
(ix) Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable / Not applicable] 
• Benchmark: 
[●]  
(specify [EURIBOR, €STR, EUR CMS or other] and 
months 
[e.g. 
EURIBOR 
3 
months])(additional 
information if necessary)  
(if the Rate of Interest is determined by linear 
interpolation in respect of the first and/or last long or 
short interest accrual period, insert the relevant interest 
period(s) and the relevant two rates used for such 
determination) 
• Relevant Time: 
[11:00 a.m. (Frankfurt time) / [●]]  
• Interest Determination Date(s): 
[●] 
• Primary Source: 
[[●] (specify relevant screen page) / ISDAFIX2 / 
Reference Banks] 
• €STR Observation Look-Back 
Period 
[[●] TARGET Business Day (specify) / Not applicable] 
(only relevant where Benchmark is €STR) 
• Reference Banks (if Primary 
Source is "Reference Banks"): 
 
[●] 
• Designated Maturity: 
[●] 
(only relevant where Benchmark is EUR CMS) 
• Relevant Financial Centre:  
[Paris / London / Euro-zone / [●] (specify the financial 
centre most closely connected to the Benchmark)] 
• Representative Amount: 
[●] (specify if screen or Reference Bank quotations are 
to be given in respect of a transaction of a specified 
notional amount) 
• Effective Date: 
[●] (specify if quotations are not to be obtained with 
effect from commencement of Interest Accrual Period)

--- Page 112 ---
112 
 
• Specified Duration: 
[●] (specify period for quotation if not duration of 
Interest Accrual Period) 
(x) FBF Determination: 
[Applicable / Not applicable] 
• Floating Rate (Taux Variable): 
[●] 
(specify [EURIBOR, €STR, EUR CMS or other] and 
months [e.g. EURIBOR 3 months])  
(if the Rate of Interest is determined by linear 
interpolation in respect of the first and/or last long or 
short interest accrual period, insert the relevant interest 
period(s) and the relevant two rates used for such 
determination] 
(additional information if necessary) 
• Floating Rate Determination Date 
(Date de détermination du Taux 
Variable): 
 
 
[●] 
(xi) ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable / Not applicable] 
• ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions/2021 ISDA Definitions] 
• Floating Rate Option: 
[●] 
(specify [EURIBOR, €STR, EUR CMS or other] and 
months [e.g. EURIBOR 3 months])  
(if the Rate of Interest is determined by linear 
interpolation in respect of the first and/or last long or 
short interest accrual period, insert the relevant interest 
period(s) and the relevant two rates used for such 
determination) 
(additional information if necessary)  
• Designated Maturity: 
[●] 
• Reset Date: 
[●] 
(xii) Margin(s): 
[+/-][●] per cent. per annum 
(xiii) Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[0/ [●] per cent. per annum] 
(xiv) Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[Not applicable / [●] per cent. per annum] 
(xv) Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/365-FBF 
Actual/365 / Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual-ISDA / 
Act/Act / Act/Act-ISDA 
Actual/Actual-FBF 
Actual/Actual-ICMA / Act/Act-ICMA 
Actual/365 (Fixed) / Act/365 (Fixed) / A/365 (Fixed) / 
A/365 F 
Actual/360 / Act/360 / A/360 
30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis 
30E/360 / Eurobond Basis]

--- Page 113 ---
113 
 
16. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes Provisions, 
Fixed/Fixed Rate Notes Provisions or 
Floating/Floating Rate Notes Provisions: 
 
 
[Applicable / Not applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Issuer Change of Interest Basis: 
[Applicable / Not applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Automatic Change of Interest Basis: 
[Applicable / Not applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Rate of Interest applicable to the 
Interest Periods [preceeding the 
Switch Date (excluded) (If the Switch 
Date falls on an Interest Payment 
Date)] / [preceding the Interest 
Period including the Switch Date / 
up to the end of the Interest Period 
including the Switch Date (If the 
Switch Date does not fall on an 
Interest Payment Date)]: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Determined in accordance with [Condition 5(b) as 
further described in paragraph 14 above / Condition 5(c) 
as further described in paragraph 15 above] 
 
(iv) 
Rate of Interest applicable to the 
Interest Periods [following the 
Switch Date (included) (If the Switch 
Date falls on an Interest Payment 
Date)] / [from the Interest Period 
including the Switch Date / 
following the Interest Period 
including the Switch Date (If the 
Switch Date does not fall on an 
Interest Payment Date)]: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Determined in accordance with [Condition 5(b) as 
further described in paragraph 14 above / Condition 5(c) 
as further described in paragraph 15 above] 
 
(v) 
Switch Date: 
[●] 
 
(vi) 
Minimum notice period required for 
notice from the Issuer: 
 
[[●] Business Days prior to the Switch Date / Not 
applicable] (in the case of Automatic Change of Interest 
Basis) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
17. 
Final Redemption Amount of each Note: 
[[●] per [[●] in] Specified Denomination / Not 
applicable] 
 
(i) Extension Trigger Event: 
(ii) Notice period of any Extension Trigger 
Event: 
As per Condition 6(a) 
 
[●] 
18. 
Redemption by Instalment: 
[Applicable / Not applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) Instalment Date(s): 
[●]

--- Page 114 ---
114 
 
 
(ii) Instalment Amount(s) in respect of 
each Note: 
(iii) Minimum Instalment Amount: 
 
(iv) Maximum Instalment Amount:  
[●] 
[[●] / Not applicable] 
[[●] / Not applicable] 
19. 
Call Option: 
[Applicable / Not applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
(ii) Optional Redemption Amount(s) of 
each Note: 
 
[Optional Redemption Amount = [●] 
Y = [●]] / [Not applicable] 
(iii) If redeemable in part: 
 
(a) Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
 
[[●] per [[●] in] Specified Denomination / Not 
applicable] 
(b) Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
 
[[●] per [[●] in] Specified Denomination / Not 
applicable]  
(iv) Option Exercise Date(s): 
[●] 
(v) Notice period (if other than as set out 
in the Conditions): 
 
[As per Condition 6(c) / Other (specify)] 
20. 
Put Option: 
[Applicable / Not applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
(ii) Optional Redemption Amount(s) of 
each Note: 
 
[Optional Redemption Amount = [●] 
Y = [●]] / [Not applicable] 
(iii) Option Exercise Date(s): 
[●] 
(iv) Notice period: 
[●] (specify) 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
21. 
Form of Notes: 
[Dematerialised Notes / Materialised Notes]  
(materialised Notes are only in bearer form) 
(i) Form of Dematerialised Notes: 
 
[Not applicable / Bearer form (au porteur) / 
Registered form (au nominatif)] 
(ii) Registration Agent: 
[Not applicable / Applicable (if applicable give name 
and address)]  
(note that a Registration Agent must be appointed in 
relation to fully Registered Dematerialised Notes

--- Page 115 ---
115 
 
only) 
(iii) Temporary Global Certificate: 
[Not applicable / Temporary Global Certificate 
exchangeable for Definitive Materialised Notes on the 
exchange date, being forty (40) days after the Issue 
Date subject to postponement as specified in the 
Temporary Global Certificate] 
22. 
Financial Centre(s) or other special 
provisions relating to payment dates for 
the purposes of Condition 7(g): 
 
 
[Not applicable / [●] (note that this paragraph relates 
to the date and place of payment, and not interest 
period end dates, to which sub-paragraph 15 (v) 
relate)] 
23. 
Adjusted Payment Date: 
[The next following Business Day / the next following 
Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next 
calendar month, in which event such date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceeding 
Business Day / the immediately preceeding Business 
Day] 
24. 
Talons for future Coupons or Receipts to 
be attached to Definitive Materialised 
Notes (and dates on which such Talons 
mature): 
 
 
 
[Yes / No / Not applicable (if yes, give details)]  
(only applicable to Materialised Notes) 
25. 
Full Masse (Condition 10 paragraphs (a) 
to (i)): 
 
 
(i) 
Representative: 
 
[As per Condition 10 / [●]] 
 
(ii) 
Alternate Representative: 
[As per Condition 10 / Not applicable/[●] (Insert name 
and address of the Alternate Representative)] 
 
(iii) 
Remuneration of Representative: 
 
(iv) 
Issue outside France: 
[As per Condition 10 / The Representative will 
receive a remuneration of [●]] 
[Applicable / Not applicable] 
26. 
(i) Prohibition of sales to EEA 
retail investors39: 
[Applicable/Not applicable]  
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products, "Not applicable" should be specified. If the 
Notes may constitute "packaged" products and no key 
information document will be prepared, "Applicable" 
should be specified.) 
 
(ii) Prohibition of sales to UK retail 
investors40: 
[Applicable/Not applicable]  
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products, "Not applicable" should be specified. If the 
 
39 The expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 
4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended ("MiFID II"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended. 
40 The expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation 
(EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "EUWA"); or (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the "FSMA") and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a 
qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA

--- Page 116 ---
116 
 
Notes may constitute "packaged" products and no key 
information document will be prepared, "Applicable" 
should be specified.) 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[(Relevant third party information)] has been extracted from [●] (specify source). The Issuer confirms that such 
information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information 
published by [●] (specify source), no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information 
inaccurate or misleading.] 
I accept responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms. 
Signed on behalf of MMB SCF: 
By: 
............................................ 
Duly authorised]

--- Page 117 ---
117 
 
PART B - OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
(i) 
Listing(s): 
[[Euronext Paris / [●] (specify other relevant regulated 
market)] with effect from [●] / Not applicable] 
(ii) 
(a) Admission to trading: 
[Application [has been / is expected to be] made by the 
Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to 
trading on [Euronext Paris / [●] (specify other relevant 
regulated market, third country market, SME Growth 
Market or MTF) with effect from [●]] / Not applicable]  
 
(b) Regulated 
Markets 
or 
equivalent 
markets on which, to the knowledge of 
the Issuer, securities of the same class 
of the Notes to be admitted to trading 
are already admitted to trading:  
 
 
 
 
[The Existing Notes are admitted to trading on [●] / Not 
applicable] 
(where documenting a fungible issue, need to indicate 
that original Notes are already admitted to trading.)  
(iii) 
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading:  
 
[[●] / Not applicable] 
2. 
RATING 
 
Ratings: 
[Not applicable / The Notes [have been / are expected to 
be] rated:  
[[●]: S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P")] 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated 
to Notes of the type being issued under the Programme 
generally or, where the issue has been specifically rated, 
that rating.) 
[The above rating agency is established in the European 
Union, registered under Regulation (EC) no. 1060/2009 
of the European Parliament and of the Council dated 
16 September 2009 on credit rating agencies, as amended 
(the "CRA Regulation").[The above rating agency is 
included in the list of credit rating agencies published by 
the European Security and Markets Authority on its 
website (https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-
rating-agencies/risk).] [The above rating agency [is 
certified under the CRA Regulation as it forms part of 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation") / The rating[s] given by the above rating 
agency] [has been/will be] endorsed by [●] in accordance 
with the CRA Regulation as it forms part of domestic law 
of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation")].] 
[The above rating agency is not established in the 
European Union and has not applied for registration in 
accordance with Regulation (EC) 1060/2009 of the 
European Parliament and the Council of 16 September 
2009 on credit rating agencies, as amended (the "CRA 
Regulation"), but [is certified under the CRA Regulation

--- Page 118 ---
118 
 
/ the rating[s] given by the above rating agency] [has 
been/will be] endorsed by [●] in accordance with the 
CRA Regulation]. 
[As such, the rating[s] issued by the above rating agency 
may be used for regulatory purposes in the [European 
Union/United Kingdom] in accordance with the [CRA 
Regulation/UK CRA Regulation].] 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of the 
ratings if it has previously been published by rating 
provider.] 
3.  
REASONS 
FOR 
THE 
OFFER, 
ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS AND 
TOTAL EXPENSES 
 
 
 
 
(i) 
Reasons for the offer and use of 
proceeds: 
[See section entitled "Use of Proceeds" of the Base 
Prospectus/Give details] 
(See "Use of Proceeds" wording in Base Prospectus – if 
the reasons for the offer are different from what is 
disclosed in the Base Prospectus, give details here.) 
 
 
(ii) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[●] 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use, split out 
and present in order of priority. If proceeds are 
insufficient to fund all proposed uses, state amount and 
sources of other funding.) 
 
(iii) 
Estimated total expenses: 
[●] 
(Expenses are required to be broken down into each 
principal intended "use" and presented in order of 
priority of such "uses".) 
4.  
NOTIFICATION 
[Applicable / Not applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraph of 
this paragraph) 
 
 
The AMF, which is the competent authority in France for 
the purpose of the Prospectus Regulation [has been 
requested to provide / has provided - include first 
alternative for an issue which is contemporaneous with 
the update of the Programme and the second alternative 
for subsequent issues] the [include names of competent 
authorities of host member states of the EEA] with [a] 
certificate[s] of approval attesting that the Base 
Prospectus [and the supplement(s) to the Base Prospectus 
[has / have] been drawn up in accordance with the 
Prospectus Regulation. 
5. 
SPECIFIC CONTROLLER 
 
The specific controller (contrôleur spécifique) of the 
Issuer has delivered [(i)] a certificate relating to the 
borrowing programme for the current quarter certifying 
that the value of the assets of the Issuer will be greater 
than the value of its liabilities benefiting from the 
Privilège with respect to such quarterly borrowing 
programme [and (ii) a certificate relating to the issue of 
the Notes certifying that the value of the assets of the 
Issuer will be greater than the value of its liabilities

--- Page 119 ---
119 
 
benefiting from the Privilège after settlement of this issue 
and of the issues which have been the subject of previous 
attestations]41 
6.  
OTHER ADVISORS  
[Applicable / Not applicable] 
(If advisors are mentioned in these Final Terms, include a 
declaration which specifies the capacity in which the 
advisors have acted.) 
7. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND 
LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN 
THE ISSUE 
 
 
[Applicable / Not applicable] 
 
 
(Include a description of any interest, including a conflict 
of interest, that is material to the issue, detailing the 
persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be 
satisfied by the inclusion of the following statement: 
"Save for any fees paid to the [Dealers / [Joint] [Lead] 
Manager(s)] in connection with the issue of the Notes and 
save as disclosed in section entitled "Subscription and 
Sale" of the Base Prospectus, so far as the Issuer is aware, 
no person involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest 
material to the offer". When adding any other description, 
consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute "significant new factors" and 
consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the 
Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus 
Regulation.) 
8. 
[FIXED RATE NOTES ONLY-YIELD 
[Applicable / Not applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
Indication of Yield: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
Yield gap of [●] per cent. in relation to tax free French 
government bonds (obligations assimilables du trésor) 
(OAT)) of an equivalent duration. 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of 
the Issue Price. It is not an indication of future yield.] 
9.  
[FLOATING RATE NOTES ONLY – 
PAST AND FUTURE PERFORMANCE 
OF INTEREST RATE 
 
 
[Applicable/ Not applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraph of 
this paragraph) 
 
Historic interest rates: 
Details on the past and future performance and volatility 
of [EURIBOR/€STR/EUR CMS/(other)] rates can be 
obtained from [Thomson Reuters] 
 
Benchmarks: 
Amounts payable under the Notes will be calculated by 
reference to [●] which is provided by [●]. As at [●], [●] 
[appear/do not appear] on the register of administrators 
and benchmarks established and maintained by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority pursuant to 
Article 36 of the Benchmark Regulation (Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011), as amended (the "Benchmark Regulation"). 
 
41 
Only applicable if the amount of Notes issued equals or exceeds €500,000,000 or its equivalent in any other currency at the date of the 
issue of such Notes.

--- Page 120 ---
120 
 
[As far as the Issuer is aware, [[●] is not required to be 
registered by virtue of Article 2 of the [Benchmark 
Regulation]/[the transitional provisions in Article 51 of 
the Benchmark Regulation apply, such that [●] is not 
currently required to obtain authorisation or registration.]] 
10 
[EUROPEAN 
COVERED 
BOND 
(PREMIUM) LABEL 
 
 
The Notes [are intended to benefit]/[benefit]/[do not benefit] from the "European Covered Bond (Premium)" 
label. 
(Specify "do not benefit" if the Notes are assimilated to and under the same legal regime as Notes issued 
under the EMTN Previous Conditions). Otherwise, specify "are intended to benefit" or "benefit".)] 
11.  
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
 
ISIN Code: 
[●] 
 
Common Code: 
[●] 
 
FISN Code: 
[●] 
 
CFI Code: 
[●] 
 
Depositaries: 
 
 
(i) 
Euroclear France to act as Central 
Depositary: 
 
[Yes / No] 
 
(ii) Common Depositary for Euroclear Bank 
and Clearstream Banking, S.A.: 
 
[Yes / No] 
 
Name(s) and address(es) of any clearing 
system(s) other than Euroclear Bank and 
Clearstream Banking, S.A. and the relevant 
identification number(s): 
 
 
 
[Not applicable / [●]] 
 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against / free of] payment 
 
Names and addresses of additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
 
[Not applicable / [●]] 
 
Name and address of Calculation Agent (if any): 
 
[Not applicable / [●]] 
12. 
DISTRIBUTION AND UNDERWRITTING 
 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated / Non-syndicated] 
 
(i) If syndicated,  
(a) Names 
and 
addresses 
of 
the 
coordinator(s) of the global offer: 
 
 
 
[Not applicable / specify names and addresses]  
(b) Names, addresses and quotas of the 
Managers: 
 
[●] / (give names[, addresses and quotas of the entities 
agreeing to underwrite the issue and of the entities 
agreeing to place the issue without a firm commitment 
or under 'best efforts' arrangements, and where not all 
of the issue is underwritten on a firm commitment basis, 
specify the portion not covered]) 
(c) Date of the Subscription Agreement: 
[●]

--- Page 121 ---
121 
 
(ii) Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not applicable / [●]] 
 
(iii) If non-syndicated, name and address of 
Dealer: 
 
[Not applicable / [●]] 
 
(iv) Indication of the overall amount of the 
underwriting commission and of the 
placing commission: 
[●] of the Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Tranche 
 
(v) U.S. selling restrictions: 
(categories of potential investors to which the 
Notes are offered) 
The Issuer is Category 1 for the purposes of Regulation 
S under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended. 
[TEFRA C / TEFRA D / TEFRA Not applicable] 
(TEFRA rules are not applicable to Dematerialised 
Notes) 
13.  
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE 
OFFER  
 
 
Non-exempt Offer Jurisdiction(s): 
[Not applicable / An offer of the Notes may be made by 
the Dealers [and (specify the name of any financial 
intermediary)] other than pursuant to Article 1(4) of the 
Prospectus Regulation in [(specify state(s) – which 
must be France / Luxembourg/ UK and/or a member 
state of the EEA to which the AMF has provided a 
certificate of approval attesting that the Base 
Prospectus (and, if applicable, any supplement related 
thereto) has been drawn up in accordance with the 
Prospectus Regulation) (the "Non-Exempt Offer 
Jurisdictions") during the period from [●] to [●] (the 
"Offer Period").] 
 
Consent of the Issuer to use the Base 
Prospectus during the Offer Period: 
 
[Not applicable / Applicable with respect to any 
Authorised Offeror specified below] 
 
Authorised Offeror(s) in the Non-Exempt Offer 
Jurisdictions: 
 
[Not applicable / (Name(s) and address(es) of the 
financial intermediary(ies) authorised by the Issuer to 
act as Authorised Offeror)/Any financial intermediary 
which satisfies the conditions set out in the paragraph 
below] 
 
Conditions attached to the consent of the Issuer 
to use the Prospectus: 
 
[Not applicable / (Where the Issuer has given a general 
consent to any financial intermediary to use the 
Prospectus, indicate "See conditions set out in the 
Prospectus" and/or specify any additional conditions to 
or any condition replacing those set out in the 
Prospectus. Where an Authorised Offeror has been 
designated herein, specify any condition that such 
Authorised Offeror has to comply with]] 
 
Expected price at which Notes will be offered 
or method of determining the price and method 
for its disclosure: 
 
 
 
[●] 
 
Description 
of 
the 
application 
process 
(including the time period during which the 
offer will be open and any possible 
amendments): 
 
 
 
[●]

--- Page 122 ---
122 
 
 
Details of the minimum and/or maximum 
amount of the application (whether in number 
of securities or aggregate amount to invest): 
 
 
[●] 
 
Description of the possibility to reduce 
subscriptions and the manner for refunding 
amounts paid in excess by applicants: 
 
 
[●] 
 
Method and time limits for paying up and 
delivery of the Notes: 
 
[●] 
 
Manner in and date on which results of the offer 
are to be made public: 
 
[●] 
 
Procedure for exercise of any right of pre-
emption, negotiability of subscription rights 
and treatment of subscription rights not 
exercised: 
 
 
 
[●] 
 
Whether one or more Tranches are reserved for 
some countries: 
 
[●] 
 
 
Procedure for notifying of the allocated amount 
and indication whether the distribution can 
begin before the notification is made: 
 
 
 
[●] 
 
Amount of any expenses and taxes charged to 
the subscriber or purchaser: 
 
[●] 
(If the Issuer is subject to MiFID II and/or PRIIPs such 
that it is required to disclose information relating to 
costs and charges, also include that information) 
 
Name(s) and address(es), as they are known by 
the Issuer, of the dealers in the various 
countries where the offer takes place: 
 
 
 
[●]

--- Page 123 ---
123 
 
[Insert Issue Specific Summary]

--- Page 124 ---
124 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE  
Subject to the terms and on the conditions contained in a dealer agreement dated 19 July 2022, as amended or 
supplemented from time to time, entered into between the Issuer and the Arranger and Permanent Dealer (the 
"Dealer Agreement"), the Notes will be offered by the Issuer to the Permanent Dealer. However, the Issuer has 
reserved the right to sell Notes directly on its own behalf to Dealers that are not Permanent Dealers. The Notes 
may be resold at prevailing market prices, or at prices related thereto, at the time of such resale, as determined by 
the relevant Dealer(s). The Notes may also be sold by the Issuer through the Dealers, acting as agents of the Issuer. 
The Dealer Agreement also provides for Notes to be issued in syndicated Tranches that are jointly and severally 
underwritten by two (2) or more Dealers. 
The Issuer will pay each relevant Dealer a commission (as applicable) as agreed between them in respect of Notes 
subscribed by it. The Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Arranger for its expenses incurred in connection with the 
Programme and the Dealers for certain of their activities in connection with the Programme. 
The Issuer has agreed to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities in connection with the offer and sale of 
the Notes. The Dealers have agreed to indemnify the Issuer against certain liabilities in connection with the offer 
and sale of the Notes. The Dealer Agreement entitles the Dealers to terminate any agreement that they make to 
subscribe Notes in certain circumstances prior to payment for such Notes being made to the Issuer. 
Selling Restrictions 
General 
These selling restrictions may be modified by the agreement of the Issuer and the Dealers in particular following 
a change in a relevant law, regulation or directive. Any such modification will be set out in (if applicable) the 
subscription agreement entered into in respect of the issue of Notes to which it relates or in a supplement to this 
Base Prospectus. 
Each Dealer has agreed that it will comply, to the best of its knowledge, with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives in each jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or has in its possession or 
distributes this Base Prospectus, any other offering material or any Final Terms and neither the Issuer nor any 
other Dealer shall have responsibility therefore. 
United States of America 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended 
(the "Securities Act"), and subject to certain exceptions, may not be offered or sold within the United States of 
America or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined under the United States Securities Act of 
1933, as amended, "Regulation S"). Terms used in this paragraph have the same meanings given to them by 
Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Materialised Notes having a maturity of more than one (1) year are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may 
not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States of America or its possessions or to a United States person, 
except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings 
given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and regulations thereunder. 
In addition, until forty (40) days after the commencement of the offering of any identifiable Tranche, an offer, sale 
or delivery of Notes within the United States of America by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) 
may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act, if such offer, sale or delivery is made otherwise 
than in accordance with an available exemption from registration under the Securities Act. 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared by the Issuer for use in connection with the offer and sale of the Notes 
outside the United States. The Issuer and the Dealers reserve the right to reject any offer to purchase the Notes, in 
whole or in part, for any reason.  
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to any person in the United States. Distribution of this Base 
Prospectus by any non-U.S. person outside the United States to any U.S. person or to any other person within the 
United States is unauthorised and any disclosure without the prior written consent of the Issuer of any of its 
contents to any such U.S. person or other person within the United States is prohibited.

--- Page 125 ---
125 
 
European Economic Area 
Prohibition of sales to EEA retail investors 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specify the "Prohibition of sales to EEA retail investors" as "Applicable", 
each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise 
make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed 
by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic Area. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: (i) a retail client as 
defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council 
dated 15 May 2014 on markets in financial instruments, as amended MiFID II; (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of Directive 2016/97 (EU) of the European Parliament and of the Council dated 20 January 2016 
on insurance distribution where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point 
(10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 
of the European Parliament and of the Council dated 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when 
securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, as amended (the 
"Prospectus Regulation"); and  
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
Non-exempt offer selling restriction under the Prospectus Regulation 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specify the "Prohibition of sales to EEA retail investors" as "Not 
applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which 
are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the relevant Final Terms, to 
the public in a member state of the European Economic Area (each, a "Relevant State") except that it may make 
an offer of such Notes to the public in that Relevant State:  
(a) 
if the Final Terms in relation to the Notes specify that an offer of those Notes may be made other than 
pursuant to Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation in that Relevant State (a "Non-exempt Offer"), 
following the date of publication of a Base Prospectus in relation to such Notes which has been approved 
by the competent authority in that Relevant State or, where appropriate, approved in another Relevant State 
and notified to the competent authority in that Relevant State, provided that any such prospectus has 
subsequently been completed by the Final Terms contemplating such Non-exempt Offer, in accordance 
with the Prospectus Regulation, in the period beginning and ending on the dates specified in such Base 
Prospectus or Final Terms, as applicable; 
(b) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(c) 
at any time to fewer than one hundred and fifty (150), natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors 
as defined in the Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or 
Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(d) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in paragraphs (b) to (d) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer 
to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation, or supplement a prospectus pursuant to 
Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.  
United Kingdom ("UK") 
(i) 
Prohibition of sales to UK retail investors 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specify the "Prohibition of sales to UK retail investors" as "Applicable", 
each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise 
make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed 
by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in United Kingdom. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following:

--- Page 126 ---
126 
 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the ("EUWA"); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as 
amended (the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement 
Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined 
in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK Prospectus Regulation"); and 
(b) 
the expression "an offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase 
or subscribe for the Notes. 
(ii) 
Public Offer selling restriction under the UK Prospectus Regulation 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specify the "Prohibition of sales to UK retail investors" as "Not 
applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject 
of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the 
public in the United Kingdom except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in the United Kingdom: 
(A) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation;  
(B) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in Article 
2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior consent of the 
relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(C) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA,  
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (A) to (C) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to publish 
a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the UK Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 
23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression "an offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes means 
the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes 
to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
(iii) 
Other regulatory Decisions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that:  
(a) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one (1) year, (i) it is a person whose ordinary 
activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for 
the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than 
to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect 
will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the 
FSMA by the Issuer; 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of Section 
21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which 
Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and  
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything done 
by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
France 
Each of the Dealers and the Issuer has represented and agreed that: 
Non-exempt Offers in France 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell, directly or indirectly, any Notes to the public in France and it 
has not distributed or caused to be distributed and will not distribute or cause to be distributed to the public in

--- Page 127 ---
127 
 
France, the Base Prospectus, the relevant Final Terms or any other offering material relating to the Notes, except 
(a) in the context of an exempt offer in France as described below and (b) in the period beginning and ending on 
the dates specified for such purpose in the Final Terms relating to such Notes and provided that the Final Terms 
have been duly published and specify that such Non-exempt offers in France may be made to the public, all as 
defined in and in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation and any applicable French law and regulation; or 
Exempt Offers in France  
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell, directly or indirectly, any Notes to the public in France and it 
has not distributed or caused to be distributed and will not distribute or cause to be distributed to the public in 
France, the Base Prospectus, the relevant Final Terms or any other offering material relating to the Notes, except 
to qualified investors (investisseurs qualifiés) in the context of an offer exempted from the obligation to publish a 
prospectus, all as defined in, and in accordance with, Article 2(e) of the Prospectus Regulation and Article L. 411-
2 of the French Monetary and Financial Code. 
Belgium 
The Notes are not intended to be sold to Belgian Consumers. Accordingly, each Dealer represents and agrees, and 
each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered 
or sold and will not offer or sell, directly or indirectly, Notes to Belgian Consumers, and has not distributed or 
caused to be distributed and will not distribute or cause to be distributed, the Base Prospectus, the relevant Final 
Terms or any other offering material relating to the Notes to Belgian Consumers.  
For these purposes, a "Belgian Consumer" has the meaning provided by the Belgian Code of Economic Law, as 
amended from time to time (Wetboek van 28 februari 2013 van economisch recht/Code du 28 février 2013 de droit 
économique), being any natural person resident or located in Belgium and any acting for purposes which are 
outside his/her trade, business or profession. 
Italy 
This Base Prospectus has not been, nor will be, published in the Republic of Italy in connection with the offering 
of the Notes and no application has been or will be filed with the Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa 
("CONSOB") to obtain the registration/authorisation for the public offering (offerta al pubblico) of the Notes in 
the Republic of Italy pursuant to Legislative Decree no. 58 of 24 February 1998 as amended (the "Financial 
Services Act") and to CONSOB Regulation no. 11971 of 14 May 1999, as amended (the "Issuers' Regulation"). 
Accordingly, no Notes may be offered, sold or delivered, directly or indirectly, to the public in the Republic of 
Italy nor may, or will, copies of this Base Prospectus, the relevant Final Terms or any other offering material 
relating to the Notes be distributed in the Republic of Italy except: 
(a) 
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined by article 2, paragraph 1, letter e) of the Prospectus 
Regulation, by the Financial Services Act and CONSOB implementing regulations; or  
(b) 
in any other circumstances where an exemption from the rules on offers to the public applies, as provided 
under Article 1, paragraph 4 of the Prospectus Regulation, Article 100 of the Financial Services Act and its 
implementing regulations, including Article 34-ter of the Issuers' Regulation.  
Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed that it has not offered, sold or delivered, and will not offer, 
sell or deliver, and has not distributed and will not distribute and has not made and will not make available in the 
Republic of Italy the Notes, this Base Prospectus, the relevant Final Terms or any other offering material relating 
to the Notes except in the circumstances described under paragraphs (a) and (b) above. 
Each Dealer has also represented and agreed that any offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies 
of this Base Prospectus, the relevant Final Terms or any other offering material relating to the Notes in the Republic 
of Italy under (a) or (b) above must, and will, be performed in accordance with all relevant Italian securities, tax 
and exchange control and other applicable laws and regulations and in particular will be made:  
(i) 
by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities in the Republic 
of Italy in accordance with the Financial Services Act, Legislative Decree no. 385 of 1 September 1993, as 
amended from time to time (the "Banking Act") and CONSOB Regulation no. 20307 of 15 February 2018, 
as amended from time to time; 
(ii) 
in compliance with Article 129 of the Banking Act, as amended, and the implementing guidelines of the 
Bank of Italy, as amended from time to time (pursuant to which the Bank of Italy may request information 
on the Notes in the Republic of Italy); and

--- Page 128 ---
128 
 
(iii) 
in compliance with any other applicable laws and regulations, including any limitation or requirement 
which may be imposed from time to time by CONSOB, the Bank of Italy or any other Italian authority. 
Any investor purchasing the Notes in the offering is solely responsible for ensuring that any offer and resale of the 
Notes it purchased in the offering occurs in compliance with applicable laws and regulations. No person resident 
or located in the Republic of Italy other than the original addressees of this Base Prospectus may rely on this Base 
Prospectus, the Final Terms or any other offering material relating to the Notes.

--- Page 129 ---
129 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
(1) 
This document has been approved as a base prospectus by the Autorité des marchés financiers (the "AMF") 
in its capacity as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council dated 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public 
or admitted to trading on a regulated market, as amended (the "Prospectus Regulation") and has received 
approval number 22-315 on 19 July 2022. The AMF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the 
standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such 
approval should not be considered as an endorsement of either the Issuer or the quality of the Notes that are 
the subject of this Base Prospectus and investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of 
investing in the Notes. 
This Base Prospectus is valid until 19 July 2023, provided that the obligation to supplement this Base 
Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply 
when this Base Prospectus in no longer valid. 
Application will be made in certain circumstances to admit the Notes to trading on Euronext Paris. 
Application may also be made to the competent authority of any other member state of the EEA for Notes 
to be admitted to trading on any other Regulated Market of any member state of the EEA or any other stock 
exchange. 
(2) 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of the Issuer is 969500901GY8ZCBR6Y85. 
(3) 
The Issuer has obtained all necessary corporate and other consents, approvals and authorisations in France 
in connection with the update of the Programme.  
Any issuance of Notes under the Programme, to the extent that such Notes constitute obligations under 
French law, requires the prior authorisation of the board of directors (conseil d'administration) of the Issuer. 
The board of directors (conseil d'administration) of the Issuer may delegate to any person, the power to 
decide on the issue of such Notes within a period of one (1) year.  
For this purpose, on 14 December 2021, the board of directors (conseil d'administration) of the Issuer has 
(i) authorised the issue of obligations foncières under the Programme for maximum nominal amount of 
€2,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) for a period of one year and (ii) delegated to the chief 
executive officer (directeur général) of the Issuer and the vice chief executive officer (directeur général 
délégué) the power to issue such Notes. 
(4) 
Pursuant to Articles L.513-12 and R.513-16, IV of the French Monetary and Financial Code, the contrôleur 
spécifique certifies that the rule providing that the amount of eligible assets of the Issuer is greater than the 
amount of liabilities benefiting from the Privilège is satisfied on the basis of a quarterly borrowing 
programme and for any issue of Notes benefiting from the Privilège in a principal amount equal to or above 
€500,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency at the date of the issue of such Notes). 
(5) 
The price and amount of the Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer and 
the relevant Dealers at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
(6) 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or financial position of the Issuer or the 
Group since 31 December 2021. 
(7) 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer or the Group since 
31 December 2021. 
(8) 
The Issuer is not nor has been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including 
any such proceeding which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware), during the period of 
twelve (12) months immediately preceding the date of the Base Prospectus which may have, or have had 
in the recent past, significant effects on the Issuer's and/or the Group's financial position or profitability. 
(9) 
Save as disclosed in section entitled "Relationship Between MMB SCF and My Money Bank" on pages 85 
to 86 of this Base Prospectus, there are no material contracts that are not entered into the ordinary course 
of the Issuer's business which could result in any member of the Group being under an obligation or 
entitlement that is material to the Issuer's ability to meet its obligation to Noteholders in respect of the Notes 
being issued. 
(10) 
Application may be made for Notes to be accepted for clearance through Euroclear France (66, rue de la 
Victoire, 75009 Paris, France) and/or Euroclear (Boulevard du Roi Albert II, 1210 Bruxelles, Belgique) and 
Clearstream (42, avenue John F. Kennedy, 1855 Luxembourg, Luxembourg). The Common Code, the 
International Securities Identification Number (ISIN), the Financial Instrument Short Name (FISN) Code

--- Page 130 ---
130 
 
and/or the Classification of Financial Instruments (CFI) Code or the identification number for any other 
relevant clearing system for each Series of Notes will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
(11) 
The Issuer's statutory auditors are: 
- 
KPMG S.A. (Tour EQHO - 2 avenue Gambetta - CS60055 - 92066 Paris La Défense cedex - France) 
and 
- 
RSM Paris (26 rue Cambacérès - 75008 Paris - France), 
both entities being registered with the Compagnie Nationale des Commissaires aux Comptes (official 
statutory auditors' representative body) and subject to the authority of the Haut Conseil du Commissariat 
aux Comptes (French High Council of Statutory Auditors). 
(12) 
The Notes issued under the Programme have been assigned a rating of AAA by S&P Global Ratings Europe 
Limited ("S&P") and by their respective successors and/or any other rating agency. The rating (if any) of 
Notes to be issued under the Programme will be specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
S&P is established in the European Union and registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 on credit 
ratings agencies, as amended (the "CRA Regulation"). S&P is included in the list of credit rating agencies 
published 
by 
the 
European 
Securities 
and 
Markets 
Authority 
on 
its 
website 
(https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk) registered in accordance with the 
CRA Regulation as of the date of this Base Prospectus. 
(13) 
Conflicts of interests may arise during the life of the Programme as a result of various factors involving the 
Issuer and certain parties to the Programme Documents. For example, such potential conflicts may arise 
because My Money Bank acts in several capacities under the Programme Documents, it being provided 
that its rights and obligations under the Programme Documents (provider of Collateral Security Assets, 
Borrower, cash collateral provider, servicer of the Collateral Security Assets, administrative servicer and 
Issuer Calculation Agent) are not contractually conflicting and are independent from one another. Also, 
during the course of their business activities, the parties to the Programme Documents and/or any respective 
affiliates may operate, service, acquire or sell properties, or finance loans secured by properties, which are 
in the same markets as the Loan Receivables. In such cases, the interest of any of those parties or their 
affiliates or the interest of other parties for whom they perform servicing functions may differ from, and 
compete with, the interest of the Issuer or of the holders of the Notes. 
The Issuer may appoint a Dealer as Relevant Rate Determination Agent in respect of an issuance of Notes 
under the Programme. In such a case the Relevant Rate Determination Agent is likely to be a member of 
an international financial group that is involved, in the ordinary course of its business, in a wide range of 
banking activities out of which conflicting interests may arise. Whilst such a Relevant Rate Determination 
Agent will, where relevant, have information barriers and procedures in place to manage conflicts of 
interest, it may in its other banking activities from time to time be engaged in transactions involving an 
index or related derivatives which may affect amounts receivable by Noteholders during the term and on 
the maturity of the Notes or the market price, liquidity or value of the Notes and which could be deemed to 
be adverse to the interests of the Noteholders. 
The Notes may be distributed by institutions in charge of collecting subscription orders from investors and 
such institutions may, as the case may be, be related to the Group's entities. Consequently, during the offer 
period, some conflicts of interest may arise between the interests of such distributors and/or My Money 
Bank and those of the Noteholders. 
(14) 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as stabilisation 
manager(s) (the "Stabilisation Manager(s)") (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s) 
in the relevant Final Terms may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market 
price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not 
necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public 
disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, 
but it must end no later than the earlier of thirty (30) calendar days after the issue date of the relevant 
Tranche and sixty (60) calendar days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche. Any 
stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the Stabilisation Manager(s) in accordance with 
all applicable laws and rules.  
(15) 
Amounts payable under the Notes bearing floating rates of interest may be calculated by reference to 
EURIBOR, which is provided by the European Money Markets Institute ("EMMI"), or EUR CMS, which 
is provided by ICE Benchmark Administration Limited ("ICE"). As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the 
EMMI and ICE appear on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority pursuant to Article 36 of Regulation (EU) no. 2016/1011 of the

--- Page 131 ---
131 
 
European Parliament and of the Council dated 8 June 2016, as amended (the "Benchmark Regulation"). 
As far as the Issuer is aware, €STR does not fall within the scope of the Benchmark Regulation by virtue 
of its Article 2, such that the administrators of €STR are not currently required to obtain authorization or 
registration. The relevant Final Terms in respect of an issue of Notes bearing floating rates of interest will 
specify the relevant Benchmark, the relevant Benchmark administrator and whether such administrator 
appears on the above-mentioned register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by 
the European Securities and Markets Authority.  
(16) 
Potential purchasers and sellers of the Notes should be aware that they may be required to pay taxes or 
other documentary charges or duties in accordance with the laws and practices of the jurisdiction where the 
Notes are transferred or other jurisdictions, including the jurisdiction of the investor and the relevant Issuer's 
jurisdiction of incorporation, or in accordance with any applicable double tax treaty, which may have an 
impact on the income received from the Notes. In some jurisdictions, no official statements of the tax 
authorities or court decisions may be available for financial notes such as the Notes. Potential investors are 
advised to ask for their own tax adviser's advice on their individual taxation with respect to the subscription, 
acquisition, disposal, sale and redemption of the Notes. Only these advisors are in a position to duly 
consider the specific situation of the potential investor. 
(17) 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended (the "Securities Act") or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction 
of the United States of America and, subject to certain exceptions, may not be offered or sold within the 
United States of America or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons as defined in Regulation S 
under the Securities Act ("Regulation S"). The Notes may include Materialised Notes in bearer form that 
are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, the Notes may not be offered or sold 
or, in the case of Materialised Notes in bearer form, delivered within the United States of America or, in 
the case of certain Materialised Notes in bearer form, to, or for the account or benefit of, United States 
persons as defined in the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. The Notes are being offered 
and sold outside the United States of America to non-U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation S. 
(18) 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, references to "Euro", 
"euro", "EUR" or "€" are to the lawful currency of the member states of the European Union that have 
adopted the single currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Community, as 
amended, references to "£", "GBP", "pounds sterling" and "Sterling" are to the lawful currency of the United 
Kingdom, references to "$", "USD" and "U.S. Dollar" are to the lawful currency of the United States of 
America, references to "¥", "Yen", "yen" and "JPY" and are to the lawful currency of Japan and references 
to "CHF" and "Swiss Francs" are to the lawful currency of the Helvetic Confederation. 
(19) 
This Base Prospectus, any supplement thereto that may be published from time to time and, so long as 
Notes are admitted to trading on any Regulated Market and/or offered to the public pursuant to a non-
exempt offer in a member state of the EEA in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, the Final Terms 
relating 
to 
such 
Notes 
will 
be 
published 
on 
the 
websites 
of 
My 
Money 
Bank 
(www.mymoneybank.com/en/organization/investor-reports) and of the AMF (www.amf-france.org). 
In addition, should the Notes be listed and/or admitted to trading on a Regulated Market of the EEA other 
than Euronext Paris or, the relevant Final Terms will provide whether this Base Prospectus and the relevant 
Final Terms will be published on the websites of (i) the relevant Regulated Market and/or (ii) the relevant 
competent authority. 
(20) 
So long as any of the Notes are outstanding, copies of the following documents will also be available for 
inspection and obtainable, upon request and free of charge, during usual business hours, on any weekday 
at the registered office of the Issuer (Tour Europlaza - 20, avenue André Prothin - 92063 Paris La Défense 
Cedex - France) and, except for the documents referred to in sub-paragraph (c) below, on the website of 
My Money Bank (www.mymoneybank.com/en/organization/investor-reports):  
(a) 
the up to date by-laws of the Issuer; 
(b) 
the most recently published audited non-consolidated financial statements and (if any) interim 
financial statements of the Issuer; 
(c) 
the Agency Agreement (which notably includes the form of the lettre comptable, the Temporary 
Global Certificates, the Definitive Materialised Notes, the Coupons, the Talons, the Receipts, all 
attached as schedules thereto); 
(d) 
the Final Terms for Notes that are admitted to trading on Euronext Paris or listed and/or admitted to 
trading on any other Regulated Market of the EEA and/or offered to the public pursuant to a non-
exempt offer in a member state of the EEA;

--- Page 132 ---
132 
 
(e) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus together with any supplement thereto that may be published from 
time to time or further Base Prospectus and any document incorporated therein; and 
(f) 
all reports, letters and other documents, historical financial information, valuations and statements 
prepared by any expert at the Issuer's request any part of which is included or referred to in this Base 
Prospectus or in any supplement to the Base Prospectus, including the certificate of the contrôleur 
spécifique in respect of each issue of Notes in a principal amount equal to or above €500,000,000 
(or its equivalent in any other currency at the date of the issue of such Notes). 
(21) 
The 
information 
contained 
on 
the 
website 
of 
My 
Money 
Bank 
(www.mymoneybank.com/en/organization/investor-reports) (and more generally on any website included 
in this Base Prospectus) does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved 
by the AMF, unless that information is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 133 ---
133 
 
PERSON RESPONSIBLE FOR THE INFORMATION GIVEN IN THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
I, to the best of my knowledge, declare that the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and contains no omission likely to affect its import. 
Paris, 19 July 2022 
MMB SCF 
Tour Europlaza 
20, avenue André Prothin 
92063 Paris La Défense Cedex 
France 
Represented by: 
Bertrand Robequain 
Directeur général délégué 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the AMF, in its capacity as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129. The AMF has approved this Base Prospectus after having verified that the information it contains is 
complete, coherent and comprehensible within the meaning of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
This approval is not a favourable opinion on the Issuer and on the quality of the Notes described in this Base Prospectus. 
Investors should make their own assessment of the opportunity to invest in such Notes. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved on 19 July 2022 and is valid until 19 July 2023 and shall, during this period 
and in accordance with the provisions of article 23 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, be completed by a supplement to 
the Base Prospectus in the event of new material facts or substantial errors or inaccuracies. This Base Prospectus 
obtained the following approval number: n° 22-315.

--- Page 134 ---
134 
 
Issuer 
MMB SCF 
Tour Europlaza 
20, avenue André Prothin 
92063 Paris La Défense Cedex 
France 
Arranger and Permanent Dealer 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
Fiscal Agent, Paying Agent and Calculation Agent 
BNP Paribas Securities Services 
9 rue du Débarcadère 
93500 Pantin 
France 
Statutory Auditors of the Issuer 
KPMG S.A. 
Tour EQHO 
2 avenue Gambetta  
CS60055 
92066 Paris La Défense cedex 
France 
 
RSM Paris 
26 rue Cambacérès 
75008 Paris 
France 
Specific Controller of the Issuer 
Cailliau Dedouit et Associés 
19 rue Clément Marot 
75008 Paris 
France 
Legal Adviser to the Arranger and to the Permanent Dealer 
CMS Francis Lefebvre Avocats 
2, rue Ancelle  
92522 Neuilly-sur-Seine Cedex 
France

--- Page 135 ---
135 
 
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS 
€STR ....................................................... 44 
€STR Index Cessation Effective Date .. 47 
€STR Index Cessation Event ................ 47 
€STR Observation Look-Back Period . 45 
€STRi ...................................................... 44 
2018 Conditions ..................................... 33 
2019 Conditions ..................................... 33 
2020 Conditions ..................................... 33 
2020 Financial Statements .................... 33 
2021 Financial Statements .................... 33 
30/360 ...................................................... 39 
30E/360 ................................................... 39 
360/360 .................................................... 39 
99-10 Regulation .................................... 65 
A 78 
A/360 ....................................................... 39 
A/365 (Fixed) .......................................... 39 
A/365 F ................................................... 39 
A1 ............................................................ 78 
A2 ............................................................ 79 
Account Holder ...................................... 35 
ACPR ................................................ 23, 73 
Act/360 .................................................... 39 
Act/365 (Fixed) ....................................... 39 
Act/Act .................................................... 38 
Act/Act-ICMA ....................................... 38 
Act/Act-ISDA ......................................... 38 
Actual/360 .............................................. 39 
Actual/365 .............................................. 38 
Actual/365 (Fixed) ................................. 39 
Actual/365-FBF ...................................... 38 
Actual/Actual ......................................... 38 
Actual/Actual-FBF ................................ 38 
Actual/Actual-ICMA ............................. 38 
Actual/Actual-ISDA .............................. 38 
Additional Collection Loss Amount..... 79 
Adjusted Aggregate Asset Amount 
(AAAA) ............................................... 78 
Adjusted Loan Outstanding Principal 
Amount ............................................... 78 
Adjusted Payment Date ........................ 57 
Adjustment Spread ............................... 49 
Administrator/Benchmark Event ........ 49 
Agency Agreement ................................ 35 
Aggregate Note Outstanding Principal 
Amount ............................................... 78 
Aggregate Substitution Asset Amount 
(ASAA) ............................................... 79 
AMF ......................... 1, 11, 33, 54, 89, 107 
Applicable Deemed Reductions ........... 78 
Arranger .................................................. 2 
Asset Percentage ................................... 79 
Authorised Offeror ............................... 30 
Automatic Change of Interest Basis .... 51 
B 79 
Bank ....................................................... 57 
Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive
 ............................................................ 23 
Banking Act ......................................... 127 
Base Prospectus ................... 1, 32, 89, 107 
Belgian Consumer ............................... 127 
Benchmark ............................................ 38 
Benchmark Modification or Cessation 
Event .................................................. 49 
Benchmark Regulation .. 25, 49, 101, 119, 
131 
Bond Basis ............................................. 39 
Broken Amount ..................................... 41 
BRRD ..................................................... 23 
BRRD Tool ............................................ 23 
Business Centre(s) ................................. 38 
Business Day .......................................... 57 
C 79 
Calculation Agent ................................. 43 
Calculation Agent(s) ............................. 35 
Calculation Period ................................ 38 
Cash Collateral ...................................... 80 
Cash Collateral Account ................ 17, 80 
CCR ........................................................ 77 
Clearstream ................................. 1, 35, 63 
COBS ................................................... 105 
Collateral Asset Report ........................ 79 
Collateral Provider ............................... 76 
Collateral Security ................................ 14 
Collateral Security Agreement ...... 76, 85 
Collection Loss Reserve Account ........ 21 
Collection Loss Trigger Event ............. 21 
Collective Decisions .............................. 58 
Common Depositary ............................. 63 
Conditions ................................ 35, 89, 107 
CONSOB ............................................. 127 
Contractual Cover Ratio ...................... 77

--- Page 136 ---
136 
 
Contractual Cover Test Calculation 
Period .................................................. 77 
Contractual Cover Test Date" .............. 78 
Couponholders ....................................... 35 
Coupons .................................................. 35 
Covered Bond Directive ........................ 65 
Covered Bond Regulation ..................... 66 
Covered Bonds Label ............................ 68 
CRA Regulation ... 1, 12, 99, 100, 117, 130 
CRR II Regulation ................................ 65 
Cut-Off Date .......................................... 78 
D 79 
D1 ...................................................... 39, 40 
D2 ...................................................... 39, 40 
Day Count Fraction ............................... 38 
Dealer ...................................................... 35 
Dealer Agreement ................................ 124 
Dealers ...................................................... 7 
Definitive Materialised Notes ..... 1, 35, 63 
Dematerialised Notes ................... 1, 10, 35 
Designated Maturity ............................. 43 
Determination Date ............................... 39 
Determination Period ............................ 39 
distributor .................................. 5, 87, 104 
do 44 
E 79 
ECB €STR Guideline ............................ 44 
ECB Recommended Rate ..................... 46 
ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation 
Effective Date ...................................... 46 
ECB Recommended Rate Index 
Cessation Event ................................. 46 
EDFR ...................................................... 46 
EDFR Spread ......................................... 46 
EEA ................................. 1, 52, 66, 87, 103 
Effective Date ......................................... 40 
Electronic Consent ................................ 59 
Eligible Asset .......................................... 76 
EMMI ................................................... 130 
EMTN Previous Conditions ................. 33 
EU ........................................................... 66 
EUR CMS ............................................... 38 
EURIBOR .............................................. 38 
Euro Equivalent..................................... 78 
Euro Zone ............................................... 40 
Eurobond Basis ...................................... 39 
Euroclear ...................................... 1, 35, 63 
EUWA ........................ 4, 87, 103, 105, 126 
Event of Default ..................................... 80 
Exchange Date ....................................... 63 
Exercise Notice ....................................... 54 
Existing Notes ................................ 89, 107 
Extended Final Maturity Date ............. 53 
Extension Trigger Event ...................... 53 
Facility Agreement .......................... 76, 85 
FBF Definitions ..................................... 38 
FBF Rate ................................................ 42 
Final Maturity Date .......................... 9, 52 
Final Redemption Amount............... 9, 52 
Final Terms ................... 8, 11, 35, 89, 107 
Financial Centre(s) ............................... 57 
Financial Services Act ........................ 127 
First-Ranking Mortgage ...................... 77 
Fiscal Agent ........................................... 35 
Fixed Coupon Amount ......................... 41 
Fixed Rate .............................................. 24 
Fixed Rate Notes ................................... 36 
Fixed/Fixed Rate Notes ......................... 36 
Floating Rate ......................................... 43 
Floating Rate Business Day Convention
 ............................................................ 42 
Floating Rate Notes ............................... 36 
Floating Rate Option ............................ 43 
Floating/Floating Rate Notes ............... 36 
Following Business Day Convention ... 42 
French Banking Authority .................... 65 
French Commercial Code .................... 37 
French Monetary and Financial Code . 1, 
35 
FSMA ................................. 4, 87, 103, 126 
General Meeting .................................... 58 
Group ..................................................... 73 
Hedging Agreements ............................ 86 
Hire Act ............................................ 12, 63 
i 45 
ICE ....................................................... 130 
Index....................................................... 79 
Indexed Valuation ................................. 79 
Ineligible Loan Receivable ................... 78 
Interest Accrual Period ........................ 40 
Interest Amount .................................... 40 
Interest Commencement Date ............. 40 
Interest Determination Date ................ 40 
Interest Payment Date .......................... 40 
Interest Period ....................................... 40 
Interest Period Date .............................. 40 
Investor .................................................. 30 
ISDA ......................................................... 9 
ISDA Definitions ............................. 38, 40 
ISDA Rate .............................................. 43 
Issuer .................................................. 1, 35

--- Page 137 ---
137 
 
Issuer Accounts and Cash Management 
Agreement .......................................... 85 
Issuer Calculation Agent ...................... 15 
Issuer Change of Interest Basis ............ 51 
Issuers' Regulation .............................. 127 
Legal Asset Percentage ......................... 79 
Loan Outstanding Principal Amount .. 78 
Loan Receivables ................................... 20 
local time ................................................ 41 
LTV Cut-Off Percentage ...................... 78 
M1 ........................................................... 39 
M2 ..................................................... 39, 40 
Management and Servicing Agreement
 ............................................................. 85 
Margin .................................................... 40 
Market Interest Rate ............................. 25 
Masse ................................................ 10, 57 
Master Definitions and Construction 
Agreement .......................................... 86 
Materialised Notes ....................... 1, 10, 35 
Member State ....................................... 125 
MiFID II ................................................... 1 
MiFID II ................................................. 87 
MiFID II ................................................. 98 
MiFID II ............................................... 103 
MiFID II ............................................... 104 
MiFID II ............................................... 115 
MiFID II ............................................... 125 
MiFID II Product Governance ............... 5 
MiFID Product Governance Rules ........ 5 
Modified EDFR ..................................... 47 
Modified Following Business Day 
Convention ......................................... 42 
ni 45 
Non-Approval Event ............................. 49 
Non-exempt Offer .......................... 30, 125 
Non-Exempt Offer Jurisdiction ........... 30 
Non-Exempt Offer Jurisdictions ........ 121 
Noteholder .............................................. 36 
Notes ......................................... 1, 7, 35, 61 
Observation Period ............................... 45 
Offer Period ................................... 30, 121 
Optional Redemption Amount ............. 54 
Original Market Value .......................... 79 
Outsourcing and Services Agreement . 85 
outstanding ............................................. 40 
p 45 
Page ......................................................... 40 
Paying Agents ........................................ 35 
Permanent Dealers .................................. 7 
Potential Commingling Amount .... 21, 79 
Preceding Business Day Convention ... 42 
PRIIPs Regulation ........................ 87, 103 
Primary Source ..................................... 41 
Principal Financial Centre ................... 44 
Privilège .............................................. 7, 37 
Programme .......................................... 1, 7 
Prospectus .............................................. 30 
Prospectus Regulation ... 1, 30, 32, 87, 89, 
103, 107, 125 
Rate of Interest ...................................... 41 
Rating Adverse Event ........................... 79 
Receiptholders ....................................... 35 
Receipts .................................................. 35 
Reference Banks .................................... 41 
Registration Agent ................................ 35 
Regulated Market ....................... 1, 11, 52 
Regulation S .......................... 12, 124, 131 
Rejection Event ..................................... 50 
Relevant Date ........................................ 41 
Relevant Financial Centre ................... 41 
Relevant Rate ........................................ 41 
Relevant Rate Determination Agent ... 48 
Relevant Time ....................................... 41 
Replacement Relevant Rate ................. 48 
Representative ....................................... 57 
Representative Amount ........................ 41 
Reset Date .............................................. 43 
Rules ....................................................... 30 
S&P .................................... 1, 99, 117, 130 
Securities Act ............................... 124, 131 
Series .................................................. 8, 36 
Servicing Procedures ............................ 78 
Soft Bullet Notes ................................ 8, 28 
Specified Currency ......................... 41, 78 
Specified Denomination(s) ................... 36 
Specified Duration ................................ 41 
Stabilisation Manager(s) .................... 130 
Subordinated Loan Agreement ........... 85 
Substitution Assets ................................ 80 
Supplement ............................................ 32 
Suspension/Withdrawal Event ............ 50 
Swap Transaction ................................. 43 
Switch Date ............................................ 51 
Talons ..................................................... 35 
TARGET Business Day ........................ 38 
TARGET System .................................. 38 
TEFRA ................................................... 12 
TEFRA C Rules .............................. 12, 63 
TEFRA D Rules .................................... 12 
Temporary Global Certificate ......... 1, 63 
Terms and Conditions ............................ 35

--- Page 138 ---
138 
 
Tranche .............................................. 8, 36 
UK ............................................... 4, 87, 103 
UK CRA Regulation ...................... 99, 117 
UK MiFIR ...................................... 88, 104 
UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules 5, 
105 
UK PRIIPs Regulation .................. 87, 103 
UK PRIIPS Regulation ........................... 4 
UK Prospectus Regulation .................. 126 
W ............................................................ 79 
Website of the European Central Bank
 ............................................................ 45 
Written Majority Decision ................... 58 
Written Majority Decision Date .......... 59 
Written Unanimous Decision ............... 58 
Y1 ........................................................... 39 
Y2 ........................................................... 39