--- Page 1 ---
1 
 
 
BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
 
MOL Hungarian Oil and Gas Public Limited Company 
(a publicly listed company incorporated under the laws of Hungary)  
 
MOL Group Finance Zrt. 
(a private company limited by shares incorporated under the laws of Hungary) 
 
€2,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed in the case of Notes  
issued by MOL Group Finance Zrt. by 
MOL Hungarian Oil and Gas Public Limited Company  
Under this €2,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the Programme), MOL Hungarian Oil and 
Gas Public Limited Company (MOL, and in its capacity as guarantor of Notes issued by MGF (as defined 
below), the Guarantor) and MOL Group Finance Zrt. (MGF and, together with MOL, the Issuers, and each 
an Issuer) may from time to time issue notes (the Notes) denominated in any currency agreed between the 
relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer (as defined below). 
MOL and its subsidiaries are together referred to as the Group or MOL Group. 
References in this Base Prospectus to the relevant Issuer shall, in relation to any issue or proposed issue of 
Notes, be references to whichever of MOL or MGF is specified as the Issuer of such Notes in the applicable 
final terms document (the Final Terms). 
The payments of all amounts due in respect of the Notes issued by MGF will be unconditionally and 
irrevocably guaranteed by MOL under the terms of the trust deed (the Trust Deed) dated 29 September 2023 
as modified and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time (the Guarantee). If the relevant Issuer of 
a Series of Notes is MOL, references herein to the Guarantor and the Guarantee, and related expressions, are 
not applicable and shall be disregarded in respect of such Series.    
Notes may be issued in bearer or registered form (respectively Bearer Notes and Registered Notes). The 
maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Notes from time to time outstanding under the Programme will 
not exceed €2,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as described in the Programme 
Agreement described herein), subject to increase as described in the Programme Agreement.  
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified under “Overview of the 
Programme” and any additional Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time by the Issuers and 
the Guarantor (each a Dealer and together the Dealers), which appointment may be for a specific issue or on 
an ongoing basis. References in this Base Prospectus to the relevant Dealer shall, in the case of an issue of 
Notes being (or intended to be) subscribed by more than one Dealer, be to all Dealers agreeing to subscribe 
such Notes.

--- Page 2 ---
2 
 
 
An investment in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. For a discussion of these 
risks see “Risk Factors”. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved as a base prospectus by the Central Bank of Ireland, as competent 
authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus Regulation). The Central Bank of Ireland only 
approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency 
imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Approval by the Central Bank of Ireland should not be considered as 
an endorsement of either of the Issuers or the Guarantor (in the case of Notes issued by MGF) or of the quality 
of the Notes. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. 
Such approval relates only to Notes that are to be admitted to trading on the regulated market (the Euronext 
Dublin Regulated Market) of the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin (Euronext Dublin), 
which is a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II), or on another 
regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II.  
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Notes issued under the Programme during the period of 12 
months from the date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to its official list (the Official List) and trading 
on the Euronext Dublin Regulated Market. References in this Base Prospectus to the Notes being listed (and 
all related references) shall mean that, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Notes have 
been admitted to the Official List and trading on the Euronext Dublin Regulated Market. 
This Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for 12 months from 
its date in relation to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European 
Economic Area (the EEA). The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a 
significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base 
Prospectus is no longer valid. 
The requirement to publish a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation only applies to Notes which are to 
be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA and/or offered to the public in the EEA other than in 
circumstances where an exemption is available under Article 1(4) and/or 3(2) of the Prospectus Regulation.  
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue price 
of Notes and certain other information which is applicable to each Tranche (as defined under “Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes”) of Notes will be set out in the applicable Final Terms which will be delivered to the 
Central Bank of Ireland and, where listed, Euronext Dublin.  
Copies of Final Terms in relation to Notes to be listed on Euronext Dublin will also be published on the website 
of the Central Bank of Ireland. The Programme provides that Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as 
the case may be, on such other or further stock exchanges or markets as may be agreed between the relevant 
Issuer, the Guarantor (in the case of Notes issued by MGF) and the relevant Dealer. The Issuers may also issue 
unlisted Notes and/or Notes not admitted to trading on any market.  
The Notes and the Guarantee have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, 
as amended (the Securities Act) or the securities laws of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States 
and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or the benefit of, U.S. persons 
as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act except in certain transactions exempt from, or not subject 
to the registration requirements of the Securities Act.   
MOL has been rated BBB- by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited (Fitch) and BBB- by S&P Global Ratings Europe 
Limited (S&P). Each of Fitch and S&P is established in the EEA and is registered under Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 (as amended) (the CRA Regulation). As such, each of Fitch and S&P is included in the list of 
credit rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) on its website (at 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-CRAs) 
in 
accordance 
with 
the 
CRA 
Regulation. Each of Fitch and S&P is not established in the United Kingdom (the UK) and has not applied for

--- Page 3 ---
3 
 
 
registration under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA) (the UK CRA Regulation). Accordingly the ratings issued by Fitch 
and S&P have been endorsed by Fitch Ratings Ltd and S&P Global Ratings UK Limited, respectively, in 
accordance with the UK CRA Regulation and have not been withdrawn. Each of Fitch Ratings Ltd and S&P 
Global Ratings UK Limited is established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation and are 
each included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the Financial Conduct Authority (the FCA) on 
its website (at https://www.fca.org.uk/markets/credit-rating-agencies/registered-certified-cras).    
Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated by either or both of the rating agencies referred to 
above. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, such rating will be disclosed in the Final Terms and will not 
necessarily be the same as the rating assigned to MOL by the relevant rating agency. A security rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at 
any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Amounts payable on Floating Rate Notes will be calculated by reference to one of the Euro Interbank Offered 
Rate (EURIBOR), the Sterling Overnight Index Average (SONIA) or the Secured Overnight Financing Rate 
(SOFR) as specified in the relevant Final Terms. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, (a) the administrator 
of EURIBOR (the European Money Markets Institute) is included in ESMA’s register of administrators under 
Article 36 of the Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 (the EU Benchmarks Regulation) and the FCA’s register 
of administrators under Article 36 of Regulation (EU) No 2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA (UK Benchmarks Regulation and, together with the EU Benchmarks Regulation, the 
Benchmark Regulations) and (b) the administrators of SONIA (the Bank of England) and SOFR (the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York) are not included in ESMA’s register of administrators under the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation or the FCA’s register of administrators under the UK Benchmarks Regulation. As at the date of 
this Base Propectus, as far as the Issuers are aware, the Bank of England and the Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York do not fall within the scope of the Benchmarks Regulations by virtue of Article 2 of such regulations. 
 
 
Arrangers 
Citigroup 
Erste Group 
SMBC 
UniCredit 
Dealers 
Citigroup 
Erste Group 
SMBC 
UniCredit 
 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 29 September 2023.

--- Page 4 ---
4 
 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus in respect of all Notes issued under the Programme 
for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation. When used in this Base Prospectus, 
Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
Each of the Issuers and the Guarantor accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus and the Final Terms for each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme. To the best of 
the knowledge of the Issuers and the Guarantor the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in 
accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such information. 
Certain information under the heading “Description of the Macroeconomic Situation and the Oil and Gas 
Industry” and “Description of MOL and the Group” has been extracted from third party sources referred 
to therein. Each of the Issuers and the Guarantor confirms that such information has been accurately 
reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by the 
third party sources referred to therein, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are deemed to be 
incorporated in it by reference (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference”). This Base Prospectus shall 
be read and construed on the basis that those documents are incorporated and form part of this Base 
Prospectus. 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see 
“Documents Incorporated by Reference”), the information on the websites to which this Base Prospectus 
refers does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the 
Central Bank of Ireland. 
Neither the Arrangers, the Dealers nor the Trustee (as defined below) have independently verified the 
information contained herein. Accordingly, no representation, warranty or undertaking, express or 
implied, is made and no responsibility or liability is accepted by the Arrangers, the Dealers or the 
Trustee as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained or incorporated in this Base 
Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuers or the Guarantor in connection with the 
Programme. 
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuers, the Guarantor or the Trustee to give any information 
or to make any representation not contained in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other 
information supplied in connection with the Programme or the Notes and, if given or made, such 
information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuers, the 
Guarantor, any of the Arrangers, the Dealers or the Trustee. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or 
any Notes (a) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (b) should be 
considered as a recommendation by the Issuers, the Guarantor, any of the Arrangers, the Dealers or the 
Trustee that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with 
the Programme or any Notes should purchase any Notes. Each investor contemplating purchasing any 
Notes should make its own independent investigation of the financial condition and affairs, and its own 
appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the Issuers and/or the Guarantor. Neither this Base Prospectus nor 
any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or the issue of any Notes constitutes 
an offer or invitation by or on behalf of any Issuer, the Guarantor, any of the Arrangers, the Dealers or 
the Trustee to any person to subscribe for or to purchase any Notes. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes shall in any 
circumstances imply that the information contained in it concerning the Issuers and/or the Guarantor

--- Page 5 ---
5 
 
 
is correct at any time subsequent to its date or that any other information supplied in connection with 
the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing 
the same. The Arrangers, the Dealers and the Trustee expressly do not undertake to review the financial 
condition or affairs of the Issuers or the Guarantor during the life of the Programme or to advise any 
investor in Notes issued under the Programme of any information coming to their attention. 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend 
entitled “Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as 
defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 
2016/97 (as amended, the Insurance Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) 
No 1286/2014 (as amended, the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs 
Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend 
entitled “Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the UK. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the EUWA; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 
2000 (FSMA) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under 
the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MiFID II product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a 
legend entitled “MiFID II product governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, 
selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the MiFID Product Governance Rules), any 
Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the 
Arrangers nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the 
MIFID Product Governance Rules.  
UK MiFIR product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a 
legend entitled “UK MiFIR product governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, 
selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance

--- Page 6 ---
6 
 
 
Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but 
otherwise neither the Arrangers nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for 
the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules. 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on the basis that any Notes with a minimum denomination of less than 
€100,000 (or equivalent in another currency) will (i) only be admitted to trading on an EEA regulated market 
(as defined in MiFID II) or (ii) only be offered to the public in an EEA Member State pursuant to an exemption 
under Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation. 
Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 (2020 Revised Edition) of 
Singapore – In connection with Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 (2020 Revised 
Edition) of Singapore (as modified or amended from time to time, the SFA) and the Securities and Futures 
(Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the CMP Regulations 2018), unless otherwise 
stated in the applicable Final Terms, all Notes issued or to be issued under the Programme shall be prescribed 
capital markets products (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as 
defined in the Monetary Authority of Singapore (the MAS) Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of 
Investment Products and in the MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO THE USE OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS AND 
OFFERS OF NOTES GENERALLY 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Notes in any 
jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction. The 
distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted by law in certain 
jurisdictions. The Issuers, the Guarantor, the Arrangers, the Dealers and the Trustee do not represent that this 
Base Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with 
any applicable registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available 
thereunder, or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular, no 
action has been taken by the Issuers, the Guarantor, the Arrangers, the Dealers or the Trustee which is intended 
to permit a public offering of any Notes or distribution of this Base Prospectus in any jurisdiction where action 
for that purpose is required. Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither 
this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material may be distributed or published in any 
jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and 
regulations. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Notes may come must inform 
themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering 
and sale of Notes. In particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer 
or sale of Notes in the United States, the EEA (including Hungary), the United Kingdom, Japan, Hong Kong 
and Singapore, see “Subscription and Sale”.

--- Page 7 ---
7 
 
 
Presentation of Financial Information 
Non-IFRS measures 
Certain measures are included in this Base Prospectus that are not measures presented in accordance with, or 
defined by, International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS), as adopted by the EU. These include (i) 
EBITDA; (ii) EBITDA adjusted for special items; (iii) Clean CCS EBIT; (iv) Clean CCS EBITDA; (v) Net 
debt/EBITDA; (vi) Gearing ratio; (vii) Gross debt; (viii) capital expenditure; (ix) Organic CAPEX; (x) 
Inorganic CAPEX (xi) Sustain CAPEX; (xii) Transformational CAPEX; (xiii) simplified free cash flow; (xiv) 
profit from operation; (xv) refining margin; (xvi) MOL Group Petrochemicals Margin; (xvii) Fuel Unit 
Margin; (xviii) non-fuel margin; (xix) Total Margin (Consumer Services Segment) and (xx) Working Capital 
(all as defined below). MOL defines and calculates these as follows:  
(i) 
EBITDA: profit from operation plus depreciation, depletion, amortisation and impairment;  
(ii) 
EBITDA adjusted for special items: EBITDA as adjusted for non-recurring special items that are 
single, significant (more than USD 10 million profit and loss effect) non-recurring economic events 
which are not considered as part of the core operation of the segment therefore they do not reflect the 
actual performance of the given period such as asset impairments/write-offs, provisions for 
redundancies and other non-recurring items such as environmental provisions and provisions for legal 
claims;  
(iii) 
Clean CCS-based profit from operation (Clean CCS EBIT): profit from operation adjusted for 
special items further adjusted by (i) excluding (a) inventory holding gains/losses and (b) impairment 
on inventories; (ii) CO2 cost recognition; and (iii) capturing the results of underlying commodity 
derivatives transactions;  
(iv) 
Clean CCS EBITDA: EBITDA adjusted for special items further adjusted by (i) excluding (a) 
inventory holding gains/losses and (b) impairment on inventories; (ii) CO2 cost recognition; and (iii) 
capturing the results of underlying commodity derivatives transactions;  
(v) 
Net debt/EBITDA: net debt (long-term debt plus short-term debt less current debt securities and cash 
and cash equivalents) divided by EBITDA;  
(vi) 
Gearing ratio: Ratio of net debt to net debt plus equity; 
(vii) 
Gross debt: long term debt plus short term debt; 
(viii) 
capital expenditure or CAPEX: Changes in the gross book value of property, plants and equipment 
without disposals (i.e. indicating expenses incurred to acquire, upgrade, and maintain physical and 
intangible assets); 
(ix) 
Organic CAPEX: Capital expenditure related to organic uses (i.e. uses that are not inorganic uses 
such as asset purchases or acquisitions); 
(x) 
Inorganic CAPEX: Capital expenditure related to inorganic uses such as asset purchases or 
acquisitions; 
(xi) 
Sustain CAPEX: “Stay-in-business”-type of capital expenditure, necessary to make sure all of the 
Group’s businesses remain operational;  
(xii) 
Transformational CAPEX: Capital expenditure related to strategic, transformational projects as part 
of the MOL 2030 Strategy (as defined below);  
(xiii) 
Simplified free cash flow: Clean CCS EBITDA less Organic CAPEX;

--- Page 8 ---
8 
 
 
(xiv) 
Profit from operation: Summary line as it is stated in the consolidated statement of profit or loss; 
(xv) 
Refining margin: Margin between the market prices of the Group’s refined petroleum products and 
the prices of crude oil and other feedstock which the Group pays for (an indicator of the overall 
profitability of the Group’s refining operations). It is based on weighted refinery yields, relevant 
international product and crude quotations and includes cost of purchased energy and CO2; 
(xvi) 
MOL Group Petrochemicals Margin: Petrochemical margin is based upon the product yield 
structure of the petrochemical sites of MOL and Slovnaft a.s. (Slovnaft), including the cost of 
purchased energy, CO2 and different feedstock prices. The % weight between the two sites in the 
Group Petrochemical margin is also predefined; 
(xvii) Fuel Unit Margin: Calculated as the difference between retail fuel revenue and cost of goods sold 
value; 
(xviii) Non-fuel margin: Calculated as the difference between non-fuel retail sales and cost of goods sold of 
non-fuel goods; 
(xix) 
Total Margin (Consumer Services Segment): Calculated as the total of non-fuel margin and fuel 
margin; and 
(xx) 
Working Capital: Calculated as inventories plus trade and other receivables less trade and other 
payables less other assets and liabilities, as presented in the statement of cash flows. 
MOL believes that the presentation of these non-IFRS measures enhances an investor’s understanding of the 
Group’s financial performance in the periods presented and provides helpful comparisons of financial 
performance between periods by adjusting for the distorting effect of non-recurring items and volatility of the 
cost of supply of crude oil and other major raw materials. These non-IFRS measures are not presented in 
accordance with IFRS and MOL’s use of them may vary from, and not be comparable with, non-IFRS 
measures used by other companies. These non-IFRS measures should not be considered in isolation or as a 
substitute for financial information as reported under IFRS. EBITDA, EBITDA adjusted for special items, 
Clean CCS EBIT, Clean CCS EBITDA, Net debt/EBITDA, Gearing ratio, gross debt, CAPEX, Organic 
CAPEX, Inorganic CAPEX, Sustain CAPEX, Transformational CAPEX, Simplified free cash flow, profit 
from operation, refining margin, MOL Group Petrochemicals Margin, Fuel Unit Margin, non-fuel margin, 
Total Margin (Consumer Services Segment) and Working Capital should not be considered as an alternative 
to net profit or any other performance measures derived in accordance with IFRS or as an alternative to cash 
flow from operating activities or as a measure of liquidity. 
Currencies 
All references in this document to: 
• 
EUR, euro and € are to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic 
and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended; 
• 
HRK are to Croatian Kuna; 
• 
HUF and Forint are to Hungarian Forint; 
• 
PLN are to Polish zloty; 
• 
U.S. dollars, U.S.$, USD and $ are to the currency of the United States of America; and 
• 
Sterling and £ are to Pounds Sterling.

--- Page 9 ---
9 
 
 
Unless otherwise indicated, the currency exchange rates (FX Rate) set out below are used throughout the Base 
Prospectus for any conversions between the relevant currencies as at the relevant dates.  
As at 30 June 2023:1 
• 
the exchange rate for HUF to EUR was HUF 371.13 to EUR 1; 
• 
the exchange rate for USD to EUR was USD 1.0839 to EUR 1; and 
• 
the exchange rate for HUF to USD was HUF 342.40 to USD 1. 
As at 30 June 2022:1 
• 
the exchange rate for HUF to EUR was HUF 396.75 to EUR 1; 
• 
the exchange rate for HRK to EUR was HRK 7.5285 to EUR 1;  
• 
the exchange rate for USD to EUR was USD 1.0441 to EUR 1; and 
• 
the exchange rate for HUF to USD was HUF 379.99 to USD 1. 
As at 31 December 2022:1 
• 
the exchange rate for HUF to EUR was HUF 400.25 to EUR 1; 
• 
the exchange rate for HRK to EUR was HRK 7.5362 to EUR 1; 
• 
the exchange rate for USD to EUR was USD 1.0654 to EUR 1; and 
• 
the exchange rate for HUF to USD was HUF 375.68 to USD 1. 
As at 31 December 2021:1 
• 
the exchange rate for HUF to EUR was HUF 369.00 to EUR 1; 
• 
the exchange rate for HRK to EUR was HRK 7.5152 to EUR 1;  
• 
the exchange rate for USD to EUR was USD 1.1329 to EUR 1; and 
• 
the exchange rate for HUF to USD was HUF 325.71 to USD 1.  
Certain profit and loss and CAPEX figures set out in tables in the sub-sections entitled “Overview of the 2022 
Results” and “Overview of the first half 2023 results” of the “Description of MOL and the Group” below, have 
been calculated on the basis of the average exchange rate for the relevant period based on the exchange rate 
set out in the exchange rate reports of the Hungarian National Bank, as indicated in those sub-sections. 
The functional and presentation currency of MOL Group, as defined by IAS 21, is HUF. For the translation of 
the financial statements from HUF to USD, the spot exchange rate at the end of the reporting period was used 
for the statement of financial position, while the statement of profit or loss and statement of cash-flow were 
translated using the monthly average exchange rate of the relevant periods. 
 
1  
Source: the exchange rate reports of the Hungarian National Bank for the date indicated, available at: https://www.mnb.hu/en/arfolyam-
lekerdezes

--- Page 10 ---
10 
 
 
SUITABILITY OF INVESTMENT 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor in the Notes must 
determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, each potential 
investor may wish to consider, either on its own or with the help of its financial and other professional advisers, 
whether it: 
(i) 
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits and 
risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(ii) 
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular 
financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its overall 
investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, 
including Notes where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the potential 
investor’s currency; 
(iv) 
understands thoroughly the terms of the Notes and is familiar with the behaviour of financial markets;  
(v) 
is able to evaluate possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its 
investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks; and 
(vi) 
understand the accounting, legal, regulatory and tax implications of purchasing, holding and disposing 
of an interest in the Notes. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments. The investment activities of certain investors 
are subject to investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities. Each potential 
investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent (1) Notes are legal 
investments for it, (2) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing and (3) other restrictions 
apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions should consult their legal advisers or the 
appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital 
or similar rules. 
CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS 
Some statements in this Base Prospectus may be deemed to be forward looking statements. Forward looking 
statements include statements concerning MOL and the Group’s plans, objectives, goals, strategies, future 
operations and performance and the assumptions underlying these forward looking statements. When used in 
this Base Prospectus, the words “anticipates”, “estimates”, “expects”, “believes”, “intends”, “plans”, “aims”, 
“seeks”, “may”, “will”, “should” and any similar expressions generally identify forward looking statements. 
These forward looking statements are contained in the sections entitled “Risk Factors”, “Description of MOL 
and the Group” and other sections of this Base Prospectus. MOL has based these forward looking statements 
on the current view of its management with respect to future events and financial performance. Although MOL 
believes that the expectations, estimates and projections reflected in its forward looking statements are 
reasonable as of the date of this Base Prospectus, if one or more of the risks or uncertainties identified in the 
section entitled “Risk Factors” materialise, or if any of MOL’s underlying assumptions prove to be incomplete 
or inaccurate, the Group’s actual results of operation may vary from those expected, estimated or predicted. 
Any forward looking statements contained in this Base Prospectus speak only as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus. Without prejudice to any requirements under applicable laws and regulations, the Issuers and the 
Guarantor expressly disclaim any obligation or undertaking to disseminate after the date of Base Prospectus

--- Page 11 ---
11 
 
 
any updates or revisions to any forward looking statements contained in it to reflect any change in expectations 
or any change in events, conditions or circumstances on which any such forward looking statement is based. 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the applicable 
Final Terms may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of 
the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However stabilisation may not 
necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public 
disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at 
any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche 
of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation 
action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting 
on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules.

--- Page 12 ---
12 
 
 
CONTENTS  
Page 
Overview of the Programme ............................................................................................................................ 13 
Risk Factors ...................................................................................................................................................... 18 
Documents Incorporated by Reference ............................................................................................................ 46 
Form of the Notes ............................................................................................................................................. 48 
Applicable Final Terms .................................................................................................................................... 53 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes .................................................................................................................. 69 
Use of Proceeds .............................................................................................................................................. 120 
Description of the Macroeconomic Situation and the Oil and Gas Industry .................................................. 121 
Selected Financial Information ....................................................................................................................... 124 
Description of MGF ....................................................................................................................................... 132 
Description of MOL and the Group ............................................................................................................... 135 
Management and Employees .......................................................................................................................... 194 
Taxation .......................................................................................................................................................... 208 
Subscription and Sale ..................................................................................................................................... 211 
General Information ....................................................................................................................................... 217 
Glossary .......................................................................................................................................................... 220

--- Page 13 ---
13 
 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by, 
the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche 
of Notes, the applicable Final Terms. The relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (in the case of Notes issued by 
MGF) and any relevant Dealer may agree that Notes shall be issued in a form other than that contemplated 
in the Terms and Conditions, in which event, and if appropriate, a new Base Prospectus or a supplement to 
the base Prospectus, will be published. 
This Overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980 (the Delegated Regulation). 
Words and expressions defined in “Form of the Notes” and “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” shall have 
the same meanings in this Overview. 
 
Issuers: 
MOL Hungarian Oil and Gas Public Limited Company 
MOL Group Finance Zrt.  
Issuer Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 
MOL Hungarian Oil and Gas Public Limited Company: 
213800R83KX5FQFGXS67 
MOL Group Finance Zrt.: 213800HGEDFC76299Y61 
Guarantor: 
MOL Hungarian Oil and Gas Public Limited Company (in the 
case of Notes issued by MOL Group Finance Zrt.)  
Risk Factors: 
There are certain factors that may affect the relevant Issuer’s 
ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the 
Programme. There are also certain factors that may affect the 
Guarantor’s ability to fulfil its obligations under the Guarantee. In 
addition, there are certain factors which are material for the 
purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes issued 
under the Programme and risks relating to the structure of a 
particular Series of Notes issued under the Programme. All of 
these are set out under “Risk Factors”. 
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Arrangers: 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
 
Erste Group Bank AG 
 
SMBC Bank EU AG 
 
UniCredit Bank AG  
Dealers: 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
 
Erste Group Bank AG 
 
SMBC Bank EU AG 
 
UniCredit Bank AG 
 
and any other Dealers appointed in accordance with the 
Programme Agreement. 
Certain Restrictions: 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of which 
particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting

--- Page 14 ---
14 
 
 
requirements apply will only be issued in circumstances which 
comply with such laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or 
reporting requirements from time to time (see “Subscription and 
Sale”) including the following restrictions applicable at the date 
of this Base Prospectus. 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year will, if the proceeds 
of the issue are accepted in the United Kingdom, constitute 
deposits for the purposes of the prohibition on accepting deposits 
contained in section 19 of the FSMA unless they are issued to a 
limited class of professional investors and have a denomination of 
at least £100,000 or its equivalent, see “Subscription and Sale”. 
Trustee: 
Citicorp Trustee Company Limited  
Principal Paying Agent, Exchange 
Agent and Transfer Agent: 
Citibank N.A., London Branch 
Registrar: 
Citibank Europe plc 
Programme Size: 
Up to €2,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies 
calculated as described in the Programme Agreement) 
outstanding at any time. The Issuers and the Guarantor may 
increase the amount of the Programme in accordance with the 
terms of the Programme Agreement. 
Distribution: 
Notes may be distributed by way of private or public placement 
and in each case on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. 
Currencies: 
Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, notes 
may be denominated in euro, Sterling, U.S. dollars, yen and any 
other currency agreed between the relevant Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer. 
Maturities: 
The Notes will have such maturities as may be agreed between 
the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer, subject to such 
minimum or maximum maturities as may be allowed or required 
from time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent 
body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the relevant Issuer 
or the relevant Specified Currency. 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued on a fully-paid basis and at an issue price 
which is at par or at a discount to, or premium over, par. 
Form of Notes 
The Notes will be issued in either bearer or registered form as 
described in “Form of the Notes”. Registered Notes will not be 
exchangeable for Bearer Notes and vice versa. 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as may be 
agreed between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer and on 
redemption and will be calculated on the basis of such Day Count

--- Page 15 ---
15 
 
 
Fraction as may be agreed between the relevant Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer. 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined on the 
basis of the reference rate set out in the applicable Final Terms.  
 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Interest Period, 
as agreed prior to issue by the relevant Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer, will be payable on such Interest Payment Dates, and will 
be calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction, as may be 
agreed between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed 
between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer for each Series 
of Floating Rate Notes. 
 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a 
minimum interest rate or both. 
Benchmark discontinuation: 
In the case of Floating Rate Notes other than where the Reference 
Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
Compounded Daily SOFR, if the relevant Issuer determines that 
a Benchmark Event has occurred, the relevant benchmark or 
screen rate may be replaced by a Successor Rate or, if there is no 
Successor Rate but the Indepenent Adviser determines there is an 
Alternative Rate, such Alternative Rate. An Adjustment Spread 
may also be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate 
(as the case may be), together with any Benchmark Amendments 
(which in the case of any Alternative Rate, any Adjustment 
Spread unless formally recommended or provided for and any 
Benchmark Amendments shall be determined by the Independent 
Adviser). This is further described in Condition 5.4 (Benchmark 
Discontinuation). 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a discount to their 
nominal amount and will not bear interest. 
Redemption: 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate either that the relevant 
Notes cannot be redeemed prior to their stated maturity (other 
than for taxation reasons or following an Event of Default) or that 
such Notes will be redeemable at the option of the relevant Issuer 
and/or the Noteholders upon giving notice to the Noteholders or 
the relevant Issuer, as the case may be, on a date or dates specified 
prior to such stated maturity and at a price or prices and on such 
other terms as may be agreed between the relevant Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer.   
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year may be subject to 
restrictions on their denomination and distribution, see “Certain 
Restrictions – Notes having a maturity of less than one year” 
above. 
Denomination of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed 
between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer save that the

--- Page 16 ---
16 
 
 
minimum denomination of each Note will be such amount as may 
be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant central 
bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to 
the relevant Specified Currency, see “Certain Restrictions – Notes 
having a maturity of less than one year” above, and save that the 
minimum denomination of each Note will be €100,000 (or, if the 
Notes are denominated in a currency other than euro, the 
equivalent amount in such currency). 
Taxation: 
All payments in respect of the Notes shall be made without 
withholding or deduction for or on account of Taxes imposed or 
levied by or on behalf of any Relevant Jurisdiction unless such 
withholding or deduction of the Taxes is required by law as 
provided in Condition 8 (Taxation). In the event that any such 
deduction is made, the relevant Issuer or, as the case may be, the 
Guarantor will, save in certain limited circumstances provided in 
Condition 8 (Taxation), be required to pay additional amounts to 
cover the amounts so deducted. 
Negative Pledge: 
The terms of the Notes will contain a negative pledge provision 
as further described in Condition 4 (Negative Pledge). 
Status of the Notes: 
The Notes will constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated 
and (subject to the provisions of Condition 4 (Negative Pledge)) 
unsecured obligations of the relavant Issuer and (subject as 
aforesaid) will rank pari passu, without any preference among 
themselves, 
with 
all 
other 
outstanding 
unsecured 
and 
unsubordinated obligations of the relevant Issuer, present and 
future, but in the event of insolvency, only to the extent permitted 
by applicable laws relating to creditors’ rights. 
Guarantee: 
Notes issued by MGF will be unconditionally and irrevocably 
guaranteed by the Guarantor.   
The obligations of the Guarantor under the Guarantee will be 
direct, unconditional and (subject to the provisions of Condition 
4 (Negative Pledge)) unsecured obligations of the Guarantor and 
(subject as aforesaid) will rank equally with all other outstanding 
unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Guarantor, 
present and future, but in the event of insolvency, only to the 
extent permitted by applicable laws relating to creditors’ rights. 
Rating: 
MOL has been rated BBB- by Fitch and BBB- by S&P. Series of 
Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. 
Where a Series of Notes is rated, such rating will be disclosed in 
the applicable Final Terms and will not necessarily be the same 
as the ratings assigned to MOL. A security rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject 
to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the 
assigning rating agency. 
Listing: 
Application has been made for Notes issued under the Programme 
to be listed on the Official List and admitted to trading on the 
Euronext Dublin Regulated Market.

--- Page 17 ---
17 
 
 
 
Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on 
other or further stock exchanges or markets agreed between the 
relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (in the case of Notes issued by 
MGF) and the relevant Dealer in relation to the Series. Notes 
which are neither listed nor admitted to trading on any market may 
also be issued. 
 
The applicable Final Terms will state whether or not the relevant 
Notes are to be listed and/or admitted to trading and, if so, on 
which stock exchanges and/or markets. 
Governing Law: 
The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the Notes will be governed by, and shall be 
construed in accordance with, English law. 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the Notes 
in the United States, the EEA (including Hungary), the United 
Kingdom, Japan, Hong Kong and Singapore and such other 
restrictions as may be required in connection with the offering and 
sale of a particular Tranche of Notes, see “Subscription and Sale”. 
United States Selling Restrictions: 
Regulation S, Category 2. TEFRA C or D/TEFRA not applicable, 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 18 ---
18 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
In purchasing Notes, investors assume the risk that the relevant Issuer and/or the Guarantor may become 
insolvent or otherwise be unable to make all payments due in respect of the Notes or under the Guarantee (as 
applicable). There is a wide range of factors which individually or together could result in the relevant Issuer 
and/or the Guarantor becoming unable to make all payments due. It is not possible to identify all such factors 
or to determine which factors are most likely to occur, as the relevant Issuer and/or the Guarantor may not be 
aware of all relevant factors and certain factors which they currently deem not to be material may become 
material as a result of the occurrence of events outside the relevant Issuer’s and/or the Guarantor’s control. 
The Issuers and the Guarantor have identified in this Base Prospectus a number of factors which could 
materially adversely affect their respective businesses and ability to make payments due.   
In addition, factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes 
issued under the Programme are also described below. 
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus and 
reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. 
RISKS RELATED TO THE GROUP’S BUSINESS IN THE OIL AND GAS INDUSTRY 
Risks related to climate change, including the decline in demand for fossil fuel and policy changes, and the 
increased focus by regulators on greenhouse gas emissions, all of which may have an adverse effect on the 
Group’s revenues or costs 
The Group is exposed to transitional and physical climate related risks in connection with the shift to a low 
carbon economy, which have the potential to impact negatively the financial performance of the Group. In 
connection with this shift there is an increased focus by global, regional and national regulators on climate 
change and greenhouse gas emissions, including CO2 emissions, which may result in additional policy 
measures and regulation designed to address the direct and indirect impacts on climate change of companies 
operating in the oil and gas industry. Such measures could increase or accelerate the need for investment, 
which may lead to increased costs to the Group. 
Transition risks include: market risks (e.g. changing consumer behaviour and decreasing demand for fossil 
fuels affecting refinery output and retail sales); policy and legal risks (e.g. the ban of single use plastics 
affecting the petrochemical sector, obligations on energy efficiency and renewable energy usage, EU 
taxonomy regulations affecting access to and the cost of capital, and carbon tax; (for further details on such 
regulatory changes please see “Risk Factors - Changes to the legal and regulatory framework in which the 
Group operates could negatively impact its business, financial condition and results of operations”)), 
technology and market risks (e.g. increasing electrification of transportation affecting demand for fuels) and 
reputational risks (e.g. inability to attract future workforce). Investor and stakeholder attitudes to 
environmental and climate issues may also change, and this may lead to a reduced interest in the Group’s 
business, more limited access to funding and may result in adverse reputational consequences for the Group. 
Physical climate related risks include both chronic risks (e.g. depleting water resources affecting the facilities 
of the exploration and production or Upstream Segment (as defined in the “Introduction” section of the 
“Description of MOL and the Group” below), drying rivers affecting the facilities of the Downstream Segment 
(as defined in the “Introduction” section of the “Description of MOL and the Group”) and rising sea levels 
affecting the Group’s coastal refinery); and acute risks (e.g. extreme weather events such as heavy rainfall or 
high winds affecting all facilities or fluctuating water level on the Danube hindering barge transport). Such 
increased extreme weather events and changing climatic conditions may impact the Group’s infrastructure, 
compromising its distribution networks, damaging or restricting access to or functionality of its other facilities, 
including information technology (IT) systems, or the operations of one or more of its third-party suppliers. 
Failure to adapt to both transitional and physical climate related risks may result in negative financial impacts

--- Page 19 ---
19 
 
 
to the Group in the form of decreasing revenues, increasing costs and liabilities, physical asset damage, 
disruption to operations, a rise in the cost of financing and constrained access to capital markets.  
In addition, companies operating in the oil and gas industry are facing increasing demands and social and 
environmental pressures to clarify what the implications of energy transition could be for their operations and 
business models, and to explain how they can contribute to reducing greenhouse gas emissions and to 
achieving the goals of the Paris Agreement (the universal, legally binding global climate change agreement, 
adopted at the Paris climate conference in December 2015, setting out a global framework to avoid dangerous 
climate change and to strengthen countries’ ability to deal with the impacts of climate change) and the targets 
set by the EU in its “Fit for 55” package. 
The global transportation sector is the largest energy consuming sector and accounts for approximately one 
third of the world’s total energy distribution. The sector is currently responsible for just over half of oil demand 
in the world. Within this sector, road vehicles dominate oil consumption and represent approximately 80 per 
cent. of the total energy demand. 
As hybrid and purely electric technology gains momentum and internal combustion engines are forced to 
become increasingly fuel efficient by regulation, the Group’s oil product sales are inevitably affected. As at 
the date of this Base Prospectus, middle distillates and gasoline sales make up approximately 75 per cent. of 
total oil product sales, concentrating the Group’s exposure to a large extent to the transition of the 
transportation sector. 
The Group has already announced that it is making preparations for an expected decline in motor fuel 
consumption and has developed an investment plan to diversify away from fuel production as part of its long-
term strategy. As specified in the MOL 2030+ Strategy (as defined below), MOL aims to invest significantly 
in sustainable and low-carbon activities like waste integration and utilisation, advanced biofuel production and 
green hydrogen production, Carbon Capture, Utilization and Storage (CCUS) technologies while also 
gradually diverting fuel away from final consumption in transport to be used as feedstock in its integrated 
petrochemical business. However, a faster-than-expected decline in fuel demand as a result of more aggressive 
environmental policies and regulation supported by a change in customer behaviour could mean that the degree 
and timing of planned diversification by the Group could become insufficient to generate expected earnings. 
While the Group continues to invest toward meeting its sustainability targets, it may, nevertheless, be perceived 
either by regulatory authorities or the public to have not met certain sustainability goals or to have met goals 
that are not considered sufficient to mitigate the perceived impact of its operations. In addition, the significant 
costs associated with such investments may prevent the Group from pursuing other attractive strategic business 
opportunities. Accordingly, the occurrence of any of the foregoing risks could limit the Group’s operational 
flexibility, increase costs and therefore could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s reputation, 
business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
The Group is subject to operational risks including physical asset risks prevalent in the oil and gas industry 
The Group’s business operations, like those of other oil and gas companies, refineries and petrochemical 
companies, may be adversely affected by numerous factors, including fires, explosions, blowouts, reservoir 
damage, loss of well control, discharges of gases and toxic chemicals, the breakdown or failure of equipment 
or processes, performance below expected levels of output or efficiency, labour disputes, natural disasters, 
weather conditions, terrorist attacks, sabotage, interruption or closure, IT failures, breaches of cyber security, 
epidemic diseases and other risks. These can result in personal injuries, loss of life, property and environmental 
damage and delays to, or loss of, production and third-party liabilities. High asset concentration in the 
Downstream Segment is a significant risk and could materially impact on the Group’s operations.  
The Group maintains property damage, business interruption and combined general liability insurance policies 
with market standard terms and conditions. In line with industry practice and insurance market capacity, the 
limits of the Group’s insurance policies cover the majority of potential losses, but there still remains a residual

--- Page 20 ---
20 
 
 
risk of losses that could exceed the policy limit. The limits of the Group’s insurance policies are in line with 
the market practice. 
Insurance coverage is maintained to the insurance limit or the sum insured. Therefore, the risk that remains 
with the Group is for losses up to the amount of the deductible(s) and loss amounts exceeding the policy limits. 
To the extent that the Group incurs losses which are not covered by insurance or are below the relevant excess 
amount, the costs of such losses would generally need to be met by the Group from its own resources, 
consequently increasing the Group’s cost base and negatively impacting the Group’s business, financial 
condition and results of operations which in turn may affect MOL’s and MGF’s ability to fulfil their obligations 
under the Notes.  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Group has the following deductibles: a) in respect of property 
damage losses resulting from a single occurrence, the deductible is USD 20 million in the case of the 
Downstream Segment and pipelines (except for Rijeka Refinery where the deductible is USD 10 million) and 
the deductible is USD 10 million in the case of the Upstream onshore and offshore assets and b) in respect of 
losses arising from third party liabilities, the deductible is EUR 500,000. In respect of business interruption 
coverage, the waiting period is 60 days in the case of Downstream assets and in respect of loss of production 
income coverage, the waiting period is 60 days in the case of the insured Upstream assets (except for certain 
INA North Adriatic platforms where the waiting period is 90 days).  
Each year, the Group determines the appropriate insurance policy limits and sums insured, taking into account 
its risk retention capacity. 
The Group may be subject to significant environmental liabilities 
The Group’s operations, which are often potentially hazardous, are subject to the risk of liabilities arising from 
previous and current environmental pollution and the cost of any associated remedial work. The Group has 
insurance to cover the risk of sudden and accidental environmental pollution. While the Group is of the view 
that this insurance is of sufficient size and that it is in accordance with industry standards, there is a risk that 
the Group could incur environmental liabilities which exceed the amount that it is insured for and, if any such 
excess were to be material, this may have a material adverse effect on the financial position of the Group. 
The Group needs to strike an appropriate balance between the need to access and develop energy resources 
and the need to protect the natural environments in each of its operating geographies. An inability to balance 
this perceived trade-off could damage the image and reputation of the Group with the public and relevant 
governments, and governmental authorities, which could impact upon the Group’s future business prospects. 
The Group undertakes transportation of oil and gas, as well as related products as part of its business activities. 
All modes of transporting, refining and storing hydrocarbons carry inherent risks, with containment failures 
potentially occurring during transportation by road, rail, sea or pipeline, during storing or in the production 
process. The release of hazardous materials could pose serious environmental and social risks given the high 
volumes of materials involved. 
As of 31 December 2022, a provision of HUF 79,487 million has been made for the estimated cost of 
remediation of past environmental damage, primarily soil and groundwater contamination and disposal of 
hazardous wastes, such as acid tar, in Hungary, Croatia, Slovakia and Italy. The Group has established a 
provision of HUF 72,701 million for the estimated cost as at 31 December 2022 for probable and quantifiable 
costs of rectifying past environmental damage. The provision is made on the basis of assessments prepared by 
MOL Group’s internal environmental expert team. In addition, a provision of HUF 6,786 million was recorded 
to cover an expected intervention where the timing, cost and nature of the intervention is still uncertain. 
The amount of these provisions is determined on the basis of existing technology at current prices by 
calculating risk-weighted cash flows for a period of up to 12 years, or 50 years in the case of the Upstream 
Segment, discounted using estimated risk-free real interest rates. The amounts reported as at 31 December

--- Page 21 ---
21 
 
 
2022 also include a contingent liability of HUF 20,219 million recognised upon the acquisition of IES S.p.A. 
(IES). The Group adjusted the environmental contingent liability recognised during the acquisition of INA in 
line with IFRS 3. As a result of this correction, (i) HUF 26,544 million was recognised in retained earnings, 
HUF (32,360) million in non-current provisions and HUF (5,816) million in deferred tax assets as at 1 January 
2021, (ii) HUF 26,981 million was recognised in retained earnings, HUF (34,011) million in non-current 
provisions and HUF (6,202) million in deferred tax assets as at 31 December 2021, and (iii) HUF 827 million 
was recognised in profit for the year ended 31 December 2021. 
Although management believes that these provisions are sufficient to satisfy the relevant obligations of the 
MOL Group to the extent that the related costs are reasonably predictable, future regulatory developments or 
differences between known environmental conditions and actual conditions could cause a revaluation of these 
estimates. There are certain Group sites which may be affected by contamination, but the cost of remedial 
work is not yet quantifiable as at the date of this Base Prospectus. The main areas where such contingent 
liabilities may exist are the assets of INA, the industrial site in Sisak and refinery in Rijeka (Croatia), the 
Croatian retail and logistic network, as well as damage at certain sites of the Upstream Segment. If liabilities 
for environmental damage were to significantly exceed the amount provided for, there could be a material 
adverse effect on the financial condition of the Group which in turn may affect MOL’s and MGF’s ability to 
fulfil their obligations under the Notes. 
Estimates of the Group’s crude oil and natural gas reserves are subject to uncertainties and incorrect 
estimations could negatively impact the Group 
There are a number of uncertainties inherent in estimating quantities of proven reserves, projecting future rates 
of production and the timing of development expenditures, including numerous factors which are beyond the 
producers’ control. Reserve estimates are highly dependent on the accuracy of the assumptions upon which 
they were based, the quality of the information available and the ability to verify such information against 
industry standards. In addition, results of drilling, testing and production subsequent to the date of an estimate 
may require revision of any such estimate. Accordingly, reserve estimates may be materially different from 
the quantities of crude oil and natural gas that are ultimately recovered and, if recovered, the revenue from and 
the costs related thereto could be more or less than the estimated amounts. Such data contains estimates and 
the figures provided should not be considered as exact. 
Any over-estimation of reserves may result in lower than expected or negative returns on investment which in 
turn could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations 
and may affect MOL’s and MGF’s ability to fulfil their obligations under the Notes. 
A higher than expected decline in hydrocarbon production and failure to replace reserves may have a material 
adverse effect on the Group 
The Group has matured fields in its Upstream Segment portfolio in Hungary and Croatia where production has 
been declining. If the rate of decline in production is greater than expected, and/or the production optimisation 
programmes are not as successful as expected, or inorganic steps (such as asset purchases or acquisitions) are 
not successful, the EBITDA of the Group generated by the Upstream Segment could significantly deteriorate. 
This may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations, 
which in turn may affect MOL’s and MGF’s ability to fulfil their obligations under the Notes. 
A sustained disruption in crude oil supply could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business  
The Group purchases pipeline crude oil on the basis of long-term and annual agreements from the resources 
of different Russian producers via the Friendship-II pipeline, which runs between Russia and Hungary through 
Ukraine, as well as seaborne crude oil via the Adria pipeline. Any disruption to these pipelines, including any 
potential crude contamination, could have a material adverse impact on production volumes and the Group’s 
business, financial condition and results of operations.

--- Page 22 ---
22 
 
 
Russian crude supplies to Hungary via the southern branch of the Friendship-II pipeline were suspended for 
short periods in 2022 for various reasons related to the Russia-Ukraine war. The EU has banned transactions 
involving Russian state-owned entities, including Transneft which is the operator of the Friendship-II-pipeline. 
Although such sanctions do not apply to the import or transport of oil via pipeline, as well as gas into Europe 
and currently there is no fixed end date to this exemption, however the scope of these sanctions restrictions 
could potentially change in the future and these business arrangements could create sanctions risk in the future. 
The Group’s refining business is dependent on the physical flow of crude oil through the transportation system 
in Russia and Ukraine. The EU has imposed a partial embargo on Russian crude oil imports as of 5 December 
2022 and on Russian petroleum product imports as of 5 February 2023. A temporary exception is applied for 
imports of crude oil by pipeline into those EU member states that, due to their geographic situation, have a 
particular dependence on Russian supplies and have no viable alternative options. The Group has no control 
over this crude oil supply route or its costs. 
For its own production and supply needs, the Group also uses pipelines which are owned and operated by third 
parties. For example, INA obtains its crude oil from domestic production or from the Adria pipeline. This 
pipeline is owned and operated by Janaf Plc, a company majority owned by the Croatian state. A failure by 
third parties to maintain or sufficiently increase the capacity of their pipelines, breakdowns and leakages, or 
specific court or other legal actions to limit the Group’s access to the system, could require the Group to utilise 
more expensive alternative export or import routes that could result in a decline in profit margins. In addition 
to the risk of war damage in Ukraine, increased repairs and maintenance of pipelines could be required where 
a pipeline passes through areas with a harsh climate, such as Russia. Any sustained disruption in supply, 
uncertainty of availability or deterioration of the physical condition of the pipeline system and changes in 
governmental policy on access to the pipelines could affect the Group’s ability to sell oil from exploration or 
to acquire oil as well as product feedstock at the most economic rates for the Group’s refineries. This could 
have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of operations or financial condition and may 
affect MOL’s and MGF’s ability to fulfil their obligations under the Notes. 
RISKS RELATED TO THE MARKETS IN WHICH THE GROUP OPERATES 
Fluctuations in crude oil and natural gas prices may adversely affect the Group’s business 
The Group is exposed to commodity price risk on both the purchasing side and the sales side. The main 
commodity risks stem from its long positions in crude oil, refining margins and petrochemical margins.  
In line with other international oil and gas companies, all purchases by the Group of crude oil and natural gas, 
and all sales of refined products and petrochemical products are undertaken pursuant to agreements priced in 
or by reference to spot or contract world market prices. Such prices may fluctuate widely in response to changes 
in many factors over which the Group has no control.  
Historically, international crude oil and natural gas prices have fluctuated widely. A material decline in the 
price of crude oil or natural gas for a sustained period would have a material adverse effect on the Group’s 
results of operations and the value of its reserves estimates.  
Macroeconomic, geopolitical and technological uncertainties can affect certain production costs and demand 
for the MOL Group’s products. Government actions may also affect the prices of crude oil and petrochemical 
products, especially if governments promote the sale of lower-carbon electric vehicles or prohibit future sales 
of new diesel or gasoline vehicles. Factors that influence supply and demand include operational issues, natural 
disasters, weather, conflicts such as the Russia-Ukraine war, pandemics, such as COVID-19, political 
instability, economic conditions, including inflation, and actions by major oil and gas producing countries. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, it is not foreseeable whether and in which way international cartels or 
leading oil-producing states will adjust crude oil production levels according to actual market demand and, 
accordingly, influence prices. Furthermore, lower crude oil and natural gas prices may also reduce the amount 
of oil and natural gas that the Group can produce economically or reduce the economic viability of projects

--- Page 23 ---
23 
 
 
planned or in development and may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of 
operations and financial condition. 
Furthermore, rapid material and/or sustained changes in crude oil, gas, CO2 emissions quota, electricity and 
petroleum product prices can impact the validity of the assumptions on which strategic decisions are based 
and, as a result, the ensuing actions derived from those decisions may no longer be appropriate.  
A prolonged period of low prices may necessitate a review for impairment of the Group’s oil and natural gas 
properties. Such a review would reflect management’s view of long-term depressed oil and natural gas prices, 
and any impairment charges incurred as a result could have a significant effect on the Group’s results of 
operations, for the period in which it occurs which in turn may affect MOL’s and MGF’s ability to fulfil their 
obligations under the Notes. 
A decline in refining and petrochemical margins may adversely affect the Group’s business, prospects, 
financial condition or results of operations 
The operating results of the Group’s refining business depend largely on the refining margin (as defined and 
explained in the section entitled “Presentation of Financial Information – Non-IFRS measures” above). The 
cost to acquire feedstock and the prices at which the Group can ultimately sell refined products depends on a 
variety of factors beyond its control. Although an increase or decrease in the price of crude oil generally results 
in a corresponding increase or decrease in the price of the majority of refined products, changes in the prices 
of refined products generally lag behind upward and downward changes in crude oil prices. As a result, a rapid 
and significant increase in the market price for crude oil has an adverse impact on refining margins. A 
prolonged reduction in refining margins could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, results 
of operations or financial condition.  
In addition, the commissioning of more complex and more competitive refineries in the U.S. and the Middle 
East has put Europe in a vulnerable position since additional import volumes of diesel have pushed crack 
spreads (as defined and explained in the "Glossary" below) lower. Should this lower diesel crack environment 
persist, especially given the “anti-diesel” market sentiment and stricter EU regulation, it may negatively impact 
the Group’s profitability. Although gasoline crack spreads have performed better historically compared to 
diesel crack spreads (due to high global demand growth mainly driven by the U.S. and Asia), the Group does 
not expect that this trend will continue in the future due to refinery capacity additions and shrinking export 
markets. Global competition for gasoline outlets could increase, which may negatively affect European crack 
spreads and as a result may have a negative impact on the Group’s business, results of operations or financial 
condition. This in turn may affect MOL’s and MGF’s ability to fulfil their obligations under the Notes. 
RISKS RELATED TO THE GROUP’S ORDINARY COURSE OF OPERATIONS 
Pandemics such as the COVID-19 pandemic may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business 
results of operations or financial condition 
A severe acute respiratory illness caused by a new coronavirus (COVID-19) was first reported in December 
2019 and subsequently spread throughout the world to countries and jurisdictions in which the Group operates. 
COVID-19 caused significant disruptions to economies and businesses around the world and had adverse 
repercussions across regional and global economies and financial markets which adversely affect the 
jurisdictions in which the Group’s operate, including Hungary. 
There can be no assurance that COVID-19 or the outbreak of other communicable diseases around the world 
will not affect the Group’s industry and business in a number of ways, including but not limited to, a decline 
in prices of the Group’s product, a decrease in sales volumes of the Group’s products due to a decline in 
demand, an increase in transportation expenses of the Group, the limiting of the Group’s ability to generate 
cash flow affecting its financial condition, the delay, postponement or cancellation of investment projects, 
impacting the Group’s ability to enter into new strategic transactions or to finalise strategic transactions on

--- Page 24 ---
24 
 
 
previously agreed terms and timetables, the Group being requirement to make operational changes and 
implement measures to ensure the health and safety of its employees and counterparties, which may involve 
increased costs or operational inefficiencies and a deterioration in the Group’s customers’ creditworthiness. 
The overall impact of any pandemic on the Group’s business will depend on a range of factors which it is not 
possible to predict accurately, including the duration, severity, potential recurrence and scope of the pandemic 
and the extensiveness of measures adopted by governments. It is possible that any pandemic will cause a 
prolonged global economic crisis or recession, which could have a negative impact on the Hungarian economy 
in general and the Group’s industry and business in particular. To the extent any pandemic adversely affects 
the Group’s business and financial results, it may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks 
described in this “Risk Factors” section. 
The Group is exposed to cyber risk in the ordinary course of its operations 
The oil and gas industry is a valuable target for cyber-criminals seeking to exploit industrial control systems 
(ICS) environments. The number of attacks against ICS overall is increasing as cyber-criminals with specific 
interest in oil and gas companies remain active and are evolving their behaviours. The Group is exposed to 
cyber risk which means the risk of financial loss, disruption or damage to the reputation of an organisation 
from a failure of its information technology systems. Such risk can be generated by government agencies, 
organised criminal gangs or disgruntled employees who could potentially harm the Group’s industrial network 
and process control network and thereby damage confidentiality, integrity and availability of systems or disrupt 
processes. Such damage could cause reputational damage to the Group and cause disruptions in its operations 
leading to loss. The Group created a cyber security strategy (for the period 2020 to 2030) to address the 
growing cyber threat. Based on the predictions of the Group’s cyber security department, increased targeted 
spear-phishing campaigns and compromised privileges continue to be the major cause of data breaches. The 
top cloud suppliers may suffer breaches, which could compromise sensitive information of major companies 
(such as MOL) stored with them, as there is an ever-increasing number of hacking tools available to cyber-
criminals which are designed to attack critical infrastructure elements.  
In 2022 the Group faced a cyber security threat when a regional phishing campaign was launched by the 
Ukrainian Hacker Group (Anonymous) in relation to the ongoing Russia-Ukraine War. The Group successfully 
avoided any data breaches or disruptions due to a combination of awareness campaigns and specific security 
measures that prevented data theft. The Group has implemented various policies, procedures, and controls to 
protect its information and systems from cyber security incidents or breaches, and to detect, respond to, and 
recover from such incidents or breaches. However, the Group cannot guarantee that its cyber security measures 
will be sufficient or effective to prevent or mitigate all cyber security incidents or breaches especially given 
that Group is exposed to increased cyber security risks due to the Russia-Ukraine war. 
Whilst the Group continuously monitors the external regulatory environment related to data privacy, network 
security and national critical infrastructure elements, there can be no assurances that such policies and 
procedures will be effective in eliminating cyber risk or the potential losses arising therefrom. For further 
information on the Group’s IT cyber security infrastructure please see the section “Information Technology 
(IT)” of the “Description of MOL and the Group” below. 
The inability to attract, train or retain qualified personnel could jeopardise the human capital of the Group 
and have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations 
The Group’s ability to implement its strategy is dependent on the capabilities and performance of its key 
management and technical personnel. Significant loss of critical and key personnel, including as a result of an 
aging workforce or the inability to attract, train or retain appropriately qualified personnel (in particular for 
technical positions where availability of appropriately qualified personnel may be limited, especially blue-
collar site workers) could have a significant material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial 
condition and results of operations which in turn may affect MOL’s and MGF’s ability to fulfil their obligations 
under the Notes.

--- Page 25 ---
25 
 
 
The Group has launched several human capital programmes, including, but not limited to knowledge exchange 
and mentoring programs, as well as dual education opportunities combining work based learning by way of 
apprenticeships or similar and vocational education. However, these programmes may not achieve the desired 
outcomes which can have an adverse effect on the Group’s workforce. 
The Group is exposed to a risk of failure to comply with applicable quality standards 
The Group is subject to risks resulting from potential non-compliance with quality standards, including 
standards on product quality, fuel bio content, health, safety and environmental (HSE) and energy 
management. Supplying customers with on-specification products is critical to maintaining the Group’s 
various required licences to operate. Failure by the Group to meet quality standards could lead to harm to 
people, third-party property and the environment, could adversely affect the MOL Group’s reputation, and 
may result in regulatory action and legal liability. This in turn could have a significant material adverse effect 
on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations which in turn may affect MOL’s and 
MGF’s ability to fulfil their obligations under the Notes. 
RISKS RELATED TO THE LEGAL, REGULATORY AND POLITICAL ENVIRONMENT IN 
WHICH THE GROUP OPERATES 
Risks associated with the development of the Russia-Ukraine war 
Russia began its invasion of Ukraine on 24 February 2022, targeting key military and civilian facilities 
throughout the country. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, it is difficult to predict the overall and full 
extent of the impact of the military conflict between Russia and Ukraine on the Group’s operations. Depending 
on how the military conflict between Russia and Ukraine continues to develop, the impact of this conflict could 
result in a wide range of possible scenarios for the Group, especially in relation to the import and transfer of 
crude oil and natural gas.  
As a result of the invasion, the EU, EU member states, Canada, Japan, the United Kingdom and the United 
States, among others, have announced and implemented sanctions on Russia and Belarus and export-control 
measure packages. The introduction of further sanctions could result in adverse reactions from Russia, such as 
the disruption of the oil and natural gas supplies to the EU and increased oil and gas prices.  
In addition, the Russia-Ukraine conflict has upended energy markets, triggering price volatility and energy 
insecurity across the world. Countries are dynamically reshaping their energy strategies to reflect new 
geopolitical realities and to address the need for affordable energy. Since the second half of 2021, energy prices 
have reached record highs and the conflict has exacerbated the situation with Russia using its energy exports 
as a political tool. The prices of various commodities and products (e.g. aluminium and steel) have also 
increased significantly. Increases in energy and raw material prices and rising financing costs affect the MOL 
Group’s profitability and financing needs. 
Management of the MOL Group is constantly monitoring the impacts on the Group of the changed business 
and economic circumstances. Both escalation and prolongation of the Russia-Ukraine war pose a heightened 
risk of the discontinuation of crude oil and natural gas supply from Russia, which would have a material 
adverse impact on the Group’s operations and financial conditions. 
On 24 May 2022 the Hungarian Government amended the 51st Article of the Fundamental Law of Hungary 
regarding the so-called “state of danger” (in Hungarian “veszélyhelyzet”),  allowing a state of danger to be 
proclaimed not only in the event of a natural or an industrial disaster, but also in the event of an armed conflict, 
a state of war or a humanitarian disaster in a country neighbouring Hungary. In view of this amendment and 
the Russia-Ukraine war, the Hungarian Government declared a state of danger, effective as of 25 May 2022, 
which has since been extended until 25 November 2023. During the state of danger, the Hungarian Government 
governs Hungary by decrees which as a general rule remain in effect for 15 days. After that period, each decree 
may be extended by the Parliament on an individual basis. The state of danger and the Hungarian Government

--- Page 26 ---
26 
 
 
decrees introduced during such time may create legal uncertainty and instability for businesses, as they may 
face sudden changes in regulations without parliamentary oversight or judicial review, which may have an 
impact on the Group’s business operations. 
Changes to the legal and regulatory framework in which the Group operates could negatively impact its 
business, financial condition and results of operations 
The Group is exposed to legal and regulatory risk from directives and regulations applicable to the Group’s 
businesses in the jurisdictions in which it operates, and, in particular, with respect to EU law in the fields of 
energy, environment and climate change in addition to national law as well as national and local legislation 
and regulation.  
Any changes in such laws and regulations which affect Group facilities may involve further investment 
obligations, higher operating costs and decommissioning liabilities. Changes to the regulatory framework in 
which the Group operates could also result in additional unbudgeted capital expenditure and/or incremental 
operating costs, which could impact upon profitability and revenue generation. In particular, climate related 
legislation may have a negative impact on the financial performance of the oil and gas sector (including MOL’s 
operations).  
The activities of the Group’s Upstream Segment are subject to extensive regulation by the host governments 
of EU and non-EU countries, including, but not limited to: 
1. 
petroleum law; 
2. 
energy policies; 
3. 
regulatory systems; and 
4. 
government contracts (e.g. concession agreements, production sharing agreements, risk sharing 
contracts, joint venture agreements, service contracts and hybrid contracts).  
Any unexpected changes in regulatory requirements, licence terms, size and structure of royalties, tariffs, 
export duties, taxation policies, dedicated sales contracts with government dedicated entities at regulated 
prices, other trade barriers and price exchange controls in any countries where the Group has operations could 
limit those operations, make the distribution of products difficult and have a negative effect on the Group’s 
business, financial condition and results of operations which in turn may affect MOL’s and MGF’s ability to 
fulfil their obligations under the Notes.  
Governments may appropriate the Group’s assets 
Due to the nature of the business of the Group and the characteristics of certain jurisdictions in which the 
Group has operations, the Group faces the potential risk of government intervention via nationalisation, 
expropriation or cancellation of contract rights. Moreover, in some jurisdictions in which the Group operates, 
the legal framework relating to the Group’s various business lines may change at any time, including changes 
that could include the nationalisation of individual lines of business. This may have a negative effect on the 
Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations which in turn may affect MOL’s and MGF’s 
ability to fulfil their obligations under the Notes. 
Some of the Group’s operations are in unstable political environments that have less developed legal systems 
and procedural safeguards and that may not be sufficient to protect the Group’s interests. Certain operations 
may also be exposed to the risk of terrorism and security risks 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, some of the Group’s oil and gas assets and supply sources are located 
outside of Europe in countries with developing economies and/or unstable political environments. In particular,

--- Page 27 ---
27 
 
 
the Group has assets in Kazakhstan, the Kurdistan Region of Iraq, Syria, Pakistan, Egypt, Oman, Russia and 
Azerbaijan where the Group’s operations are exposed to economic and political risks, including an uncertain 
legislative framework, political interference in business, nationalisation, civil strife, social instability and acts 
of war or terrorism. In certain countries in which the Group operates, it may be difficult to repatriate investment 
and profits. 
If political instability and acts of terrorism in one or more of the countries in which the Group operates 
continues or heightens, it could have a negative impact on the Group’s business, results of operations and 
financial condition which in turn may affect MOL’s and MGF’s ability to fulfil their obligations under the 
Notes. 
Sales prices of hydrocarbon and refined products are regulated in certain countries, which exposes the Group 
to regulatory and price risks 
In certain countries where the Group operates, sales prices of hydrocarbon and refined products are fully or 
partially regulated, which exposes the Group to regulatory and price risks if the regulated prices are lowered 
below market levels.  
In terms of hydrocarbon products, in Hungary one-third of the Group’s natural gas production is sold under 
regulated terms to a designated wholesale supplier (for universal supply purposes).  
The Hungarian Government introduced a retail fuel price cap on 15 November 2021 and a wholesale price cap 
on 28 February 2022. The regulation was modified several times, the last version of the retail price cap 
narrowed eligibility only to private consumers with a Hungarian license plate. Both price caps were lifted on 
7 December 2022. 
The Government of Croatia decided in October 2021 to limit the prices on fuel products initially for 90 days. 
Since then, the regulation has been modified more than 40 times. Currently a margin cap is valid on main grade 
gasoline and diesel for the entire retail network. In Croatia, the Croatian Government introduced a gas sales 
price cap from Q4 2022 for all domestically produced gas limiting the sales price to 41 EUR/megawatt hour 
(MWh) which was supposed to be in force until Q1 2024 but was discontinued in July 2023.The Serbian 
Government introduced a retail fuel price cap on 12 February 2022 for main grade products which can be 
extended on a monthly basis for a further 30 days. The Bosnian Government introduced a fuel margin cap in 
April 2021 which is still in force. The Slovenian Government introduced price cap regulation in March 2022 
which changed to a margin cap as of 21 June 2022, and was extended until June 2024. The Romanian 
government introduced fuel price compensation from 1 July 2022 allowing fuel companies to grant a fixed 
amount of discounts and then apply for a partial amount of compensation. The regulation was extended and 
adjusted several times and was valid until 31 December 2022. 
These regulations (including the price caps listed above) and any amendment to them could restrict the Group’s 
ability to fully adjust its wholesale and retail prices in accordance with market prices, in which case fluctuations 
in the prices of commodities and currency exchange rates could reduce the Group’s ability to pass on supply 
costs to customers in time to prevent losses. This could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, 
financial condition and results of operations which in turn may affect MOL’s and MGF’s ability to fulfil their 
obligations under the Notes. 
A failure to obtain or maintain licences and permits could prevent the Group from carrying on its activities 
The industry in which the Group operates is regulated and its operations require it to obtain and maintain 
licences and/or permits. 
Each of the Group’s licences could be suspended or terminated by the relevant licensing authorities if the 
Group is deemed to have violated its terms or repeatedly violated the applicable requirements of law or, 
alternatively, not renewed after expiration. Licences are re-tendered before expiry and no assurance can be

--- Page 28 ---
28 
 
 
given that the Group will win the re-tendering process. The termination or modification of, or failure, for any 
reason, to renew these licences in a timely manner could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s 
business, financial condition and results of operations as the Group will not be able to carry on some or all of 
its current activities. 
Non-compliance with regulations concerning anti-corruption and anti-bribery, anti-money laundering and 
counter-terrorism financing, and economic and trade sanctions could expose the MOL Group to legal liability 
and negatively affect its reputation and business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
The MOL Group is subject to compliance risks with respect to applicable laws and regulations concerning 
anti-corruption and anti-bribery, counter-terrorism financing and anti-money laundering and economic and 
trade sanctions. Non-compliance with any such laws and regulations could expose the Group to investigations, 
criminal and/or civil liability, in particular the breach of financing agreements, and substantial fines, the 
occurrence of any of which would have a material adverse effect on the Group’s reputation, business, financial 
condition, results of operations and prospects. Although the MOL Group has implemented policies with 
respect to such matters, there can be no assurance that such policies will be effective or prevent the Group 
from being exposed to violations of such laws and regulations. In particular, U.S., European and other 
international economic or financial sanctions are often broad in scope and have in the past been imposed on 
companies engaging in certain types of transactions with specified countries, companies or individuals. Neither 
the MOL Group nor any of its affiliates is currently the target of any economic or financial sanctions 
administered by the United States, the United Kingdom, the EU, or any other sanctions authority. In the United 
States, the U.S. Department of Treasury’s Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of Treasury 
(OFAC) administers economic and financial sanctions. Certain of OFAC’s regulations restrict the ability of 
U.S. persons to invest in, or otherwise engage in business with, directly or indirectly, certain individuals, 
entities, regions, and countries (together, U.S. Sanctions Targets). As the MOL Group is not a U.S. Sanctions 
Target, OFAC regulations do not prohibit U.S. persons from investing in, or otherwise engaging in business 
with the MOL Group. However, investors investing in the MOL Group may incur the risk of indirect contact 
with U.S. Sanctions Targets to the extent that the MOL Group, directly or indirectly, engages in business with, 
or operations in, U.S. Sanctions Targets. 
The war in Ukraine has led to an unprecedented expansion of sanction programs by the United States, the EU 
and the United Kingdom, among others, against Russia, Belarus, the Crimea Region of Ukraine as well as 
other non-government controlled areas of Ukraine, the so-called Donetsk People’s Republic and the so-called 
Luhansk People’s Republic. These broad-sweeping sanctions included, inter alia, blocking sanctions against 
state-owned and private Russian financial institutions (and their subsequent removal from the Society for 
Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication payment system) and certain Russian businesses in 
addition to blocking sanctions against Russian and Belarusian individuals and of Russia’s foreign currency 
reserves.  
In June 2022, the Council of the EU adopted the sixth package of sanctions against Russia that, amongst other 
restrictions, prohibits the purchase, import or transfer of seaborne crude oil and certain petroleum products 
from Russia to the EU. The restrictions applied from 5 December 2022 for crude oil and from 5 February 2023 
for other refined petroleum products. A temporary exception was and still is applied for imports of crude oil 
by pipeline into those EU member states that, due to their geographic situation, suffer from a specific 
dependence on Russian supplies and have no viable alternative options. Moreover, Croatia specifically benefits 
from temporary derogations concerning the import of vacuum gas oil which is necessary for refining. 
In addition to Russian oil, the Group is exposed to Russia mainly through the upstream company, BaiTex Llc. 
and related receivables. Payments made by BaiTex Llc. to the Group in 2022 are held on a restricted bank 
account as a result of counter-sanctions of Russia, therefore the amount is not available for general use.  
Other companies of the MOL Group who are active in the Russian Federation include MOL-LUB Russ LLC 
and MOL-RUSS LLC. MOL holds a 51 per cent. stake in RMB-RUSS LLC, a joint venture formed in 2021 
with Taneco, a joint stock company which is a subsidiary of the Russian oil and gas firm PJSC Tatneft. The

--- Page 29 ---
29 
 
 
aim of the joint venture was to produce chemically stabilized rubber-modified bitumen, however, due to the 
applicable sanctions, MOL is not involved in the joint venture's operations and plans to divest its stake.  As of 
the date of this Base Prospectus, the sale process is ongoing. These companies (including the joint venture) 
are not subject to any sanctions and the MOL Group has the necessary internal rules and processes to monitor 
and ensure their compliance with the applicable sanctions. 
The overall EBITDA contribution and asset size of MOL Group companies active in the Russian Federation 
is less than 1 per cent. compared to total MOL Group EBITDA and assets. The Russian pipeline crude 
purchases are long term agreements with business partners in respect of which due diligence checks related to 
sanctions were completed by MOL and the related transactions are in compliance with sanctions. 
Should current sanctions be extended, they may preclude the Group from performing parts of its operations in 
Russia or conducting business with Russian entities that the Group is currently able to do business with. The 
Group may even be forced to cease operations in Russia or refrain from transactions with Russian entities or 
to amend existing contractual terms which could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, 
financial condition and results of operations and may affect MOL’s and MGF’s ability to fulfil their obligations 
under the Notes. 
The Group has economic interests in Syria, which is currently a sanctions target under UN, U.S., UK and EU 
sanctions regulations. Activities in Syria were, however, suspended in 2012 as a result of the civil war.  
In 2008, INA signed a service contract for the exploration and development of the Moghan 2 Block (the 
Service Contract) with the National Iranian Oil Company (NIOC) which required INA to carry out 
exploration, appraisal and development of oil and gas resources. The exploration phase of the Service Contract 
expired on 31 May 2012 without INA fulfilling all of its contractual obligations. As of 30 June 2023, 
outstanding financial obligations under the Service Contract amount to USD 42.4 million (out of which USD 
34.8 million is related to principal and USD 7.6 million is related to interest). Due to international sanctions, 
INA has liquidated its branch office in Tehran and has not been able to settle these outstanding financial 
obligations.  
While the Group currently complies with all relevant sanctions regulations, EU and U.S. sanctions are 
constantly in flux and may change rapidly and substantially. Any violations or perceived violations of existing 
or future UN, U.S., EU or UK sanctions could subject the Group to penalties that could have a material adverse 
effect on the Group’s ability to obtain goods and services in the international markets, access the international 
capital or bank debt markets and cause reputational damage. Any of the above implications could have a 
material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations which in turn 
may affect MOL’s and MGF’s ability to fulfil their obligations under the Notes. 
The Group's operations and financial performance may be adversely affected by sanctions imposed on certain 
entities with which the Group has business relationships 
The Group operates in various countries and regions that are subject to sanctions imposed by the United States, 
the European Union, the United Kingdom and other jurisdictions. These sanctions target certain entities and 
individuals, and may restrict or prohibit the Group's ability to engage in transactions with such entities.  
In particular, the Group purchases pipeline crude oil from the resources of different Russian producers via the 
Friendship-II pipeline which in operated by Transneft (see “Risk Factors related to the Group’s business in 
the oil and gas industry - A sustained disruption in crude oil supply could have a material adverse effect on 
the Group’s business”). Although the EU has imposed sanctions on Transneft, such sanctions do not apply to 
the import or transport of oil and gas into Europe. In addition to Russian oil, the Group is exposed to Russia 
mainly through BaiTex Llc. and related receivables. Since 2022 BaiTex Llc. has been required to make all 
payments to the MOL Group to a special blocked bank account as a result of Russian counter-sanctions.

--- Page 30 ---
30 
 
 
The scope, duration and enforcement of such sanctions may change from time to time and may have significant 
implications for the Group's business relationships. The Group monitors the development and implications of 
sanctions and seeks to comply with all applicable laws and regulations in the jurisdictions where it operates. 
However, no assurance can be given that the Group will not be adversely affected by sanctions or by dealings 
with entities who may become subject to sanctions in the future. Any such adverse effects could have a material 
adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects which in turn 
may affect MOL’s and MGF’s ability to fulfil their obligations under the Notes. 
The Group is subject to risks relating to fraud, bribery and corruption 
The Group currently does business in a number of jurisdictions that have been allocated low scores on 
Transparency International’s Corruption Perceptions Index 2022 such as Angola, Russia, Ukraine, Iraq, 
Pakistan and Kazakhstan. Doing business in international developing markets brings inherent risks associated 
with the enforcement of obligations, fraud, bribery and corruption. In addition, the oil and gas industries have 
historically been shown to be vulnerable to corrupt or unethical practices.  
While the Group maintains an anti-fraud framework, comprehensive internal regulations and a whistleblowing 
system (including preventive, detective and corrective capabilities), it may not be possible for the Group to 
detect or prevent every instance of fraud, bribery and corruption in every jurisdiction in which its employees, 
agents, sub-contractors or joint venture partners are located. If any such fraudulent activity is detected, the 
Group may be subject to civil and criminal penalties and to reputational damage. Instances of fraud, bribery 
and corruption, and violations of laws and regulations in the jurisdictions in which the Group operates could 
have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, as a 
result of the Group’s business conduct and specialised anti-fraud framework and other safeguards, there is a 
risk that the Group could be at a commercial disadvantage and may fail to secure contracts within jurisdictions 
that have been allocated a low score on Transparency International’s “Corruption Perceptions Index” to the 
benefit of other companies who may not have or comply with such anti-corruption safeguards. 
Litigation and regulatory proceedings may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial 
condition and results of operations 
The Group is subject to numerous risks relating to legal and regulatory proceedings in which a Group company 
is, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, a party or that could develop in the future. For further details on the 
ongoing litigations please see the section entitled “Description of MOL and the Group –Litigation”. 
Although the Group does not, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, expect litigation or regulatory proceedings 
to which it is a party to have a material adverse effect on its financial condition and results of operations, no 
assurance can be given that the ultimate outcome of such legal proceedings or regulatory proceedings and any 
consequential legal proceedings or regulatory proceedings thereafter will not have a material adverse effect on 
its results of operations or financial condition which in turn may affect MOL’s and MGF’s ability to fulfil their 
obligations under the Notes. 
The waste management concession agreement with the Hungarian state exposes the Group to regulatory, 
political and contractual risks that could adversely affect its operations, financial performance and reputation. 
MOL was announced as a winner of the Hungarian state concession tender covering municipal waste 
management services for a period of 35 years (see “Description of MOL and the Group – Recent Developments 
–Waste management concession”). The concession agreement is subject to the laws and regulations of 
Hungary, which may change in ways that are unfavourable or unpredictable for MOL, or that impose additional 
costs, obligations or liabilities on MOL. The concession agreement also depends on the continued cooperation 
and performance of the Hungarian state and its agencies, which may be influenced by political, economic or 
social factors beyond MOL’s control. Any disputes, delays, breaches, terminations or renegotiations of the 
concession agreement could result in significant losses, penalties, litigation or reputational damage for MOL. 
MOL also has to comply with strict environmental, health and safety, and quality standards that may increase

--- Page 31 ---
31 
 
 
its operational costs, expose it to potential liabilities or claims, or require significant investments in equipment, 
facilities or personnel. 
Extra taxes imposed on the Group may adversely affect the Group’s financial results and operations 
On 24 May 2022, the Hungarian Government announced a special tax on extraordinary profits in the banking 
and other sectors (the Windfall Tax). The Windfall Tax is levied with respect to financial years 2022, 2023 
and 2024 on a temporary basis and has resulted in additional annual taxes for different sectors. The Windfall 
Tax is part of a broader fiscal policy of the Hungarian Government, which may introduce further measures 
that could adversely affect the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations. For further 
details please see the section entitled “Description of MOL and the Group – Recent Developments – Windfall 
Taxes”. 
Ongoing tax, customs, excise and other financial inspections may have a material adverse effect on the 
Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, there are a number of tax, customs, excise and other financial 
inspections, investigations and challenges on-going in relation to various Group entities (including INA and 
its subsidiaries). MOL considers these inspections, investigations and challenges to be in the ordinary course 
of its business. However, at this stage MOL is unable to accurately predict the outcome of these procedures.  
Any violation by MOL of applicable law and regulation could lead to the imposition of substantial fines, 
sanctions or other measures, based on the findings of such tax, customs, excise and other financial inspections, 
investigations and challenges and plaintiffs could seek compensation for any alleged damages that arose as a 
result of any sanctioned conduct. Any of the foregoing could have, individually or in the aggregate, a material 
adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of operations or financial condition and may affect MOL’s and 
MGF’s ability to fulfil their obligations under the Notes. 
RISKS RELATED TO THE GROUP’S STRATEGY 
The Group’s organic growth and transformation strategy involves uncertainties and operating risks, including 
project execution risk 
The Group’s current and future projects, including field development, exploration, the modernisation of 
refinery and particularly petrochemical assets, the logistics network, the construction of power plants and new 
businesses (e.g. waste management) may be delayed or less profitable than expected or unsuccessful for 
numerous reasons, including cost overruns, lower product prices, higher raw material or energy prices, 
equipment shortages, limited availability of contractors and subcontractors, mechanical difficulties and 
financial distress situations. These projects will also often require the use of new and advanced technologies 
which are expensive to develop, purchase and implement and may not function as expected. In addition, the 
implementation may take more time than reasonably expected and severe weather conditions could impede 
the Group’s development and/or exploration operations and plans for its fields and facilities. Delays in delivery 
of the Group’s strategic projects may adversely affect the Group’s expected market position and therefore 
deteriorate the return or recovery of the investment. All of these factors may materially and adversely affect 
the Group’s business, financial condition or results of operations which in turn may affect MOL’s and MGF’s 
ability to fulfil their obligations under the Notes. 
The Group’s expansion strategy and potential restructurings expose the Group to risks  
The Group is an international oil and gas business with a diversified European portfolio as well as several 
investments in oil and gas activities outside Europe. As part of its strategy, the Group may in the future seek 
additional opportunities to further expand its integrated portfolio and to restructure or cease its existing 
operations where it is appropriate. The expansion of the Group’s business and portfolio is integral to the

--- Page 32 ---
32 
 
 
Group’s success. The Group assesses each investment it makes on the basis of extensive financial, operational 
and market analysis, which may include certain assumptions. 
The Group’s ability to continue to grow and to penetrate new markets will depend on a number of factors. 
These include, among others, the availability of internal and external financing, the availability of suitable 
third-party business partners able to share risk and costs as well as existing and future competition. The Group 
might not be able to implement its growth strategy or successfully manage previous acquisitions and further 
its growth and this may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of operations or 
financial condition which in turn may affect MOL’s and MGF’s ability to fulfil their obligations under the 
Notes. In addition, difficulties in integration of newly acquired businesses may also have a negative impact on 
the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
A failure to implement planned efficiency programmes may adversely affect the Group’s business, prospects, 
financial condition or results of operations 
The Group has initiated a number of efficiency programmes. The success of such programmes depends on the 
operational availability of production units (e.g. fewer shutdowns give more room to profit from energy 
efficiency improvement actions). Beyond the targeted effect of internal measures, success is highly dependent 
on business specific external factors such as market trends, volatile crude oil and energy prices, changing 
regional supply and demand and product margins which may severely impact the Downstream Segment’s 
results. A failure to implement these initiatives may have an adverse effect on the Group’s business, prospects, 
financial condition or results of operations which in turn may affect MOL’s and MGF’s ability to fulfil their 
obligations under the Notes. 
The Group faces increasing competition which decreases profitability 
The Group faces increasing competitive pressures in all areas of its business, both from local as well as global 
oil and gas companies. There is growing competition for access to low-cost crude oil and natural gas reserves 
as well as exploration and production licences. 
Automotive fuel is subject to stringent quality requirements and liberalised products within the EU. The 
Group’s market position in Hungary, the Slovak Republic, Croatia, Austria, the Czech Republic, Slovenia, 
Bosnia-Herzegovina, Poland and Romania is subject to competition from other regional refiners and wholesale 
distributors. The Group’s retail competitors include multinational, Western European and regional oil 
companies as well as hypermarkets, many of which have significantly greater financial resources than the 
Group. If these companies are able to increase their market share at the Group’s expense then there could be a 
material adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of operations or financial condition. 
Other oil derivatives (chemical, petrochemical and lubricant products) have wider and thus more competitive 
markets when compared to automotive fuels, as they are easily transportable over greater distances. 
 The Group's petrochemical business faces strong competition from the U.S. and the Middle East, as well as 
from Western European producers who struggle to export to China where newly-built petrochemical units 
have significant cost advantages due to lower feedstock prices, especially in commodity polyolefins or 
economies of scales and/or their domestic market size. 
If the Group is unable to effectively compete in any of the markets in which it operates, this may have a 
material adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of operations or financial condition which in turn may 
affect MOL’s and MGF’s ability to fulfil their obligations under the Notes.

--- Page 33 ---
33 
 
 
Inadequate contingency plans or crisis management may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s 
business 
Contingency plans are required to continue or recover operations following a disruption or incident. Inability 
to restore or replace critical capacity to an agreed level within an agreed timeframe would prolong the impact 
of any disruption. Crisis management plans and capability are essential to deal with emergencies at every level 
and area of the MOL Group’s operations to respond in an appropriate manner to either an external or internal 
crisis. Inadequacies in this regard could severely affect the Group’s business and operations and consequently 
may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of operations and financial condition. This 
in turn may affect MOL’s and MGF’s ability to fulfil their obligations under the Notes. 
RISKS RELATED TO THE GROUP’S FINANCING AND BUSINESS 
The Group may encounter difficulties in financing its capital expenditure plans 
The Group’s businesses require significant capital expenditures, including in refining and petrochemicals, 
exploration and development, production, transportation and gas transmission and retail network expansion 
and to meet its obligations under environmental laws and regulations. The Group intends to finance these 
capital expenditures in line with its operating cashflow. However, significant merger and acquisition 
transactions like the acquisition of the Azeri-Chirag-Gunashli (ACG) field may increase the indebtedness of 
the Group and if expiring debt cannot be fully refinanced in the future, the Group may lose its flexibility in 
relation to financing arrangements, created by its currently strong liquidity position and may need to adjust its 
capital expenditure plans. 
The Group depends on regular access to bank finance and occasional access to the debt capital markets to meet 
a significant portion of its financing requirements. However, the global banking sector and capital markets 
have experienced significant disruptions since the financial crisis in 2008 that have been characterised by 
reductions in liquidity, greater volatility, general widening of spreads and, in some cases, lack of price 
transparency in money and capital markets interest rates. The same happened as a consequence of the COVID-
19 pandemic and is happening as a consequence of the Russia-Ukraine war which has had an impact on the 
Group’s global capital expenditure plans. As a result, many lenders have reduced or ceased providing funding 
to borrowers, both in the short term or even permanently and there has been a general increase in the cost of 
borrowing from private-sector borrowers in such periods. The continuation or worsening of such market 
disruption and potential deterioration of the Group’s credit rating may adversely impact the Group’s ability to 
borrow in the credit or debt capital markets and may increase the cost of funding. If the Group is unable to 
refinance its maturing loan facilities or bonds or is only able to do so at a significantly higher cost, it may have 
to reduce planned capital expenditure, which could materially and adversely affect its business, results of 
operations or financial condition which in turn may affect MOL’s and MGF’s ability to fulfil their obligations 
under the Notes. 
Fluctuations in currency exchange rates could increase the Group’s costs and reduce its margins 
The Group is exposed to foreign exchange risk. The Group buys raw materials predominantly in USD and 
sells products based on formulas which are linked to USD and EUR quoted market prices. Therefore, the 
Group’s EUR and USD based income exceeds its costs in those currencies, while as a result of the currency 
composition of its operational cost structure, the Group’s costs in HUF and other local currencies exceed its 
local currency based income. The Group is also exposed to foreign exchange risk arising from loans 
denominated in foreign currencies. As at 31 December 2022, the currency composition of the Group’s gross 
debt was 70 per cent. in EUR, 1 per cent. in USD and 29 per cent. in other currencies (namely HUF, HRK, 
PLN, CZK and other) compared with the previous year where, as of 31 December 2021, the currency 
composition of the Group’s gross debt was 70 per cent. in EUR, 6 per cent. in USD, and 24 per cent. in other 
currencies (namely HUF, HRK, PLN, CZK and other). Long term FX risk is managed by harmonising the FX 
structure of debt with the FX structure of the Group’s business operations in order to counterbalance the 
business’ FX exposure (i.e. a natural hedge) while considering other factors (e.g. available funding sources,

--- Page 34 ---
34 
 
 
debt pricing conditions, FX volatility). To manage short term FX exposure, the daily liquidity position is 
forecasted based on the net position calculated on Group level and then managed through dealing activity.  
The Group is exposed to trade credit risk 
The Group provides services and products with deferred payment terms to some customers. The upper credit 
limit of the deferred payment terms is supported by the Group’s internal and external evaluation. A severe 
economic and financial crisis, however, may result in sudden deterioration of the customers’ creditworthiness 
and the valuations used as a base for the credit limit becoming outdated rapidly resulting in non-payment by 
such customers and financial losses for the Group which may, in turn, affect the ability of MOL and MGF to 
meet its payment obligations under the Notes.  
The Group is exposed to joint venture (partner) risk 
The Group currently conducts a number of projects through joint ventures with other companies and may in 
the future enter into further joint ventures as a means of conducting its business. The Group cannot fully control 
the operations and the assets of its joint ventures, nor can it make major decisions with respect to its joint 
ventures unless its joint venture partners (or the majority of them in accordance with the specific voting rights) 
agree. Accordingly, although the Group has the ability to influence or veto decisions with respect to some of 
its joint ventures, it is generally not in a position to make unilateral decisions. This may constrain the ability 
of the Group’s joint ventures to take action. Furthermore, one or more of the Group’s joint venture partners 
may unilaterally decide to withdraw from a joint venture, which may result in the Group making a loss or 
being unable to realise the expected gains. 
Furthermore, a joint venture partner’s insolvency, liquidation or a deterioration in such joint venture partner’s 
financial position may result in delays in the project or additional cost or financial commitment for the Group 
which, in turn, may impact the ability of MOL and MGF to meet their obligations under the Notes. 
FACTORS WHICH ARE MATERIAL FOR THE PURPOSE OF ASSESSING THE MARKET RISKS 
ASSOCIATED WITH NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME 
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes 
A range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may have features which 
contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of the most common such features: 
Risks applicable to all Notes 
If the relevant Issuer has the right to redeem any Notes at its option, this may limit the market value of the 
Notes concerned and an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a manner which 
achieves a similar effective return.  
An optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of Notes. During any period when the 
relevant Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially 
above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period. 
The relevant Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate 
on the Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at 
an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do 
so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other 
investments available at that time.

--- Page 35 ---
35 
 
 
If the Notes include a feature to convert the interest basis from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or vice versa, 
this may affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes concerned. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes are Notes which bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a floating 
rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. Such a feature to convert the interest basis, and any conversion of 
the interest basis, may affect the secondary market in, and the market value of, such Notes as the change of 
interest basis may result in a lower interest return for Noteholders. Where the Notes convert from a fixed rate 
to a floating rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than then prevailing 
spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate 
at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. Where the Notes convert from a floating rate to a fixed 
rate, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on those Notes and could affect the market value 
of an investment in the relevant Notes. 
Notes which are issued at a substantial discount or premium may experience price volatility in response to 
changes in market interest rates. 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount (such as Zero Coupon Notes) or premium to 
their principal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for 
more conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of such securities, the 
greater the price volatility as compared to more conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable 
maturities.  
The regulation and reform of “benchmarks” may adversely affect the value of Notes linked to or referencing 
such “benchmarks” 
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be “benchmarks” (including EURIBOR) are the subject of 
national and international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already 
effective whilst others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform 
differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any 
such consequence could have a material adverse effect on any Notes referencing such a benchmark.   
The EU Benchmarks Regulation applies, subject to certain transitional provisions, to the provision of 
benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the EU. Among 
other things, it (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be 
subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain uses by EU 
supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based, 
not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). The UK Benchmarks Regulation, among other things, 
applies to the provision of benchmarks and the use of a benchmark in the UK. Similarly, it prohibits the use in 
the UK by UK supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised by the FCA or 
registered on the FCA register (or, if non-UK based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have a material 
impact on any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark in particular, if the methodology or other terms of 
the benchmark are changed in order to comply with the requirements of the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or 
the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable. Such changes could, among other things, have the effect of 
reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the relevant 
benchmark. 
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of 
benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a 
benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements.  
The euro risk free-rate working group for the euro area has published a set of guiding principles and high level 
recommendations for fallback provisions in, amongst other things, new euro denominated cash products

--- Page 36 ---
36 
 
 
(including bonds) referencing EURIBOR. The guiding principles indicate, amongst other things, that 
continuing to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts (without robust fallback provisions) may increase the 
risk to the euro area financial system. On 11 May 2021, the euro risk-free rate working group published its 
recommendations on EURIBOR fallback trigger events and fallback rates. The long-term availability of 
EURIBOR will depend on various factors, including whether the panel of contributing banks continue to 
provide the requisite information. 
Such factors may have (without limitation) the following effects on certain benchmarks: (i) discouraging 
market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to a benchmark; (ii) triggering changes in the 
rules or methodologies used in the benchmark and/or (iii) leading to the disappearance of the benchmark. Any 
of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of international or national reforms or 
other initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Notes 
linked to, referencing, or otherwise dependent (in whole or in part) upon, a benchmark. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential 
risks imposed by the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, or any 
of the international or national reforms and the possible application of the benchmark replacement provisions 
of Notes in making any investment decision with respect to any Notes referencing a benchmark. 
The occurrence of a Benchmark Event or SOFR Benchmark Transition Event, as applicable, may adversely 
affect the return on and the market value of Floating Rate Notes  
Investors should be aware that in the case of Floating Rate Notes, the conditions of the Notes provide for 
certain fallback arrangements in the event that a published Benchmark, including an inter-bank offered rate 
such as EURIBOR, SONIA or SOFR or other relevant reference rates ceases to exist or be published or another 
Benchmark Event or SOFR Benchmark Transition Event occurs.  
These fallback arrangements include the possibility that the Rate of Interest could be determined by reference 
to a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate or a SOFR Benchmark Replacement, as applicable, and that an 
Adjustment Spread or a SOFR Benchmark Replacement Adjustment, respectively, may be applied to such 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate or SOFR Benchmark Replacement, as the case may be, as a result of the 
replacement of the relevant benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) originally specified with the Successor 
Rate or the Alternative Rate or the SOFR Benchmark Replacement (as the case may be). Certain Benchmark 
Amendments or other amendments, in the case of SOFR, to the conditions of such Notes may also be made 
without the consent or approval of holders of the relevant Floating Rate Notes. In the case of any Alternative 
Rate, any Adjustment Spread unless formally recommended or provided for and any Benchmark Amendments 
shall be determined by the Independent Adviser or in the case of SOFR, the relevant Issuer or the SOFR 
Benchmark Replacement Agent, if any. Any Adjustment Spread or SOFR Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment that is applied may not be effective to reduce or eliminate economic prejudice to investors. The 
use of a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (including with the application of an Adjustment Spread) or SOFR 
Benchmark replacement (including with the application of a SOFR Benchmark Replacement Adjustment) may 
still result in any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark performing differently (which may include 
payment of a lower Rate of Interest) than they would if the relevant benchmark were to continue to apply in 
its current form. 
In certain circumstances the ultimate fallback for the purposes of calculation of the Rate of Interest for a 
particular Interest Period may result in the Rate of Interest for the last preceding Interest Period being used. 
This may result in the effective application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes based on the rate which was 
last observed on the Relevant Screen Page.  
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of and return on any 
such Notes. Moreover, any of the above matters or any other significant change to the setting or existence of 
any relevant reference rate could affect the ability of the relevant Issuer to meet its obligations under the 
Floating Rate Notes or could have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and the amount payable

--- Page 37 ---
37 
 
 
under, the Floating Rate Notes. Investors should consider these matters when making their investment decision 
with respect to the relevant Floating Rate Notes. 
The market continues to develop in relation to SONIA and SOFR as a reference rate 
Where the applicable Final Terms for a series of Floating Rate Notes specifies that the interest rate for such 
Floating Rate Notes will be determined by reference to SONIA or SOFR (SONIA-Linked Notes and SOFR-
Linked Notes, respectively), interest will be determined on the basis of Compounded Daily SONIA or 
Compounded Daily SOFR, respectively (each as defined in the conditions of the Notes). Compounded Daily 
SONIA and Compounded Daily SOFR differ from the now discontinued Sterling and U.S. dollar LIBOR, 
respectively, in a number of material respects, including (without limitation) that Compounded Daily SONIA 
and Compounded Daily SOFR are backwards-looking, compounded, risk-free or secured overnight rates, 
whereas Sterling LIBOR was and U.S. dollar LIBOR is expressed on the basis of a forward-looking term and 
include a credit risk-element based on inter-bank lending. As such, investors should be aware that 
Compounded Daily SOFR may behave materially differently from U.S. dollar LIBOR and Compounded Daily 
SONIA may behave materially differently from how Sterling LIBOR would have behaved, including, without 
limitation, as a result of changes in interest and yield rates in the market, market volatility or global or regional 
economic, financial, political, regulatory, judicial or other events. The use of SONIA and SOFR as reference 
rates for Eurobonds is relatively recent, and subject to change and development, both in terms of the substance 
of the calculation and in the development and adoption of market infrastructure for the issuance and trading of 
debt securities referencing SONIA and/or SOFR. 
Each of the Bank of England and the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (the FRBNY) publish certain 
historical indicative secured overnight financing rates, although such historical indicative data inherently 
involves assumptions, estimates and approximations. Potential investors in SONIA-Linked Notes and SOFR-
Linked Notes should not rely on such historical indicative data or on any historical changes or trends in SONIA 
or SOFR, as the case may be, as an indicator of the future performance of SONIA or SOFR, respectively. For 
example, since the initial publication of SOFR, daily changes in SOFR have, on occasion, been more volatile 
than daily changes in comparable benchmark or market rates (see “SOFR and SONIA may be more volatile 
than other benchmarks or market rates” below). Accordingly, SONIA and SOFR over the term of any SONIA-
Linked Notes or SOFR-Linked Notes, respectively, may bear little or no relation to the historical actual or 
historical indicative data. 
Prospective investors in any Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded Daily SONIA or Compounded 
Daily SOFR should be aware that the market continues to develop in relation to each of SONIA and SOFR as 
a reference rate in the capital markets and its adoption as an alternative to Sterling LIBOR and U.S. dollar 
LIBOR, respectively. For example, in the context of backwards-looking SONIA and SOFR rates, market 
participants and relevant working groups continue, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, to assess the 
differences between compounded rates and weighted average rates and such groups are also exploring forward-
looking ‘term’ SONIA or SOFR reference rates (which seek to measure the market’s forward expectation of 
an average SONIA or SOFR rate over a designated term). The adoption of SONIA or SOFR may also see 
component inputs into swap rates or other composite rates transferring from Sterling LIBOR or U.S. dollar 
LIBOR, respectively, or another reference rate to SONIA or SOFR. 
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of SONIA or SOFR that differs significantly 
from that set out in the conditions in the case of Floating Rate Notes for which Compounded Daily SONIA or 
Compounded Daily SOFR, respectively, is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms. 
Furthermore, the relevant Issuer may in the future issue Floating Rate Notes referencing SONIA or SOFR that 
differ materially in terms of the interest determination provisions when compared with the provisions for such 
determination as set out in Conditions 5.2(b)(ii) and 5.2(b)(iii), respectively. The nascent development of 
Compounded Daily SONIA and Compounded Daily SOFR as an interest reference rate for the Eurobond 
markets, as well as continued development of SONIA and SOFR-based rates for such market and the market 
infrastructure for adopting such rates, could result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility or could otherwise

--- Page 38 ---
38 
 
 
affect the market price of any SONIA or SOFR-referenced Floating Rate Notes issued under the Programme 
from time to time.  
In addition, the manner of adoption or application of SONIA and SOFR reference rates in the Eurobond 
markets may differ materially compared with the application and adoption of SONIA or SOFR in other 
markets, such as the derivatives and loan markets. Investors should carefully consider how any mismatch 
between the adoption of SONIA or SOFR reference rates across these markets may impact any hedging or 
other financial arrangements which they may put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding or 
disposal of Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded Daily SONIA or Compounded Daily SOFR. 
Since SONIA and SOFR are relatively new market reference rates, Floating Rate Notes referencing 
Compounded Daily SONIA or Compounded Daily SOFR may have no established trading market when 
issued, and an established trading market may never develop or may not be very liquid. Market terms for debt 
securities referencing Compounded Daily SONIA or Compounded Daily SOFR, such as the spread over the 
reference rate reflected in the interest rate provisions, may evolve over time, and trading prices of such debt 
securities may be lower than those of later issued debt securities as a result. Further, if Compounded Daily 
SONIA or Compounded Daily SOFR do not prove to be widely used in securities, the trading price of Floating 
Rate Notes referencing Compounded Daily SONIA or Compounded Daily SOFR, respectively, may be lower 
than those of debt securities referencing other reference rates that are more widely used. 
Investors in Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded Daily SONIA or Compounded Daily SOFR may 
not be able to sell such Notes at all or may not be able to sell such Notes at prices that will provide them with 
a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market, and may consequently 
suffer from increased pricing volatility and market risk.  
Investors should carefully consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect to any 
such Floating Rate Notes. 
Any failure of SONIA or SOFR to gain market acceptance could adversely affect SONIA-Linked Notes or 
SOFR-Linked Note 
According to the Alternative Reference Rates Committee, convened by the Board of Governors of the FRBNY, 
SOFR was developed for use in certain U.S. dollar derivatives and other financial contracts as an alternative 
to U.S. dollar LIBOR in part because it is considered a good representation of general funding conditions in 
the overnight U.S. Treasury repurchase agreement market. However, as a rate based on transactions secured 
by U.S. Treasury securities, it does not measure bank-specific credit risk and, as a result, is less likely to 
correlate with the unsecured short-term funding costs of banks. Similar considerations apply in respect of 
SONIA. This may mean that market participants would not consider SOFR or SONIA a suitable replacement 
or successor for all of the purposes for which U.S. dollar or Sterling LIBOR historically has been used 
(including, without limitation, as a representation of the unsecured short-term funding costs of banks), which 
may, in turn, lessen market acceptance of SOFR or SONIA. Any failure of SOFR or SONIA to gain market 
acceptance could adversely affect the return on and value and market price of Floating Rate Notes which 
reference Compounded Daily SOFR or Compounded Daily SONIA and the price at which investors can sell 
such Notes in the secondary market. 
The amount of interest payable with respect to each Interest Period will only be determined near the end of 
the Interest Period for SONIA-Linked Notes and SOFR-Linked Notes 
The Rate of Interest on Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded Daily SONIA and Compounded Daily 
SOFR is only capable of being determined at the end of the relevant SONIA Observation Period (as defined 
in Condition 5.2(b)(ii)) or SOFR Observation Period (as defined in Condition 5.2(b)(iii)) and immediately 
prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. It may be difficult for investors in any such Floating Rate Notes 
to estimate reliably the amount of interest which will be payable on such Floating Rate Notes on each Interest 
Payment Date, and some investors may be unable or unwilling to trade such Floating Rate Notes without

--- Page 39 ---
39 
 
 
changes to their information technology systems, both of which factors could adversely impact the liquidity 
of such Floating Rate Notes. Further, if Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded Daily SONIA or 
Compounded Daily SOFR become due and payable as a result of an Event of Default under Condition 10 
(Events of Default and Enforcement), or are otherwise redeemed early on a date which is not an Interest 
Payment Date, the final rate of interest payable in respect of such Floating Rate Notes shall only be determined 
by reference to a shortened period ending immediately prior to the date on which the Floating Rate Notes 
become due and payable. 
SOFR and SONIA may be more volatile than other benchmarks or market rates 
Since the initial publication of SOFR, daily changes in SOFR have, on occasion, been more volatile than daily 
changes in other benchmark or market rates, such as U.S. dollar LIBOR. Although changes in Compounded 
Daily SOFR generally are not expected to be as volatile as changes in daily levels of SOFR, the return on and 
value and market price of Floating Rate Notes which reference Compounded Daily SOFR may fluctuate more 
than floating rate securities that are linked to less volatile rates. In addition, the volatility of SOFR has reflected 
the underlying volatility of the overnight U.S. Treasury repo market. The FRBNY has at times conducted 
operations in the overnight U.S. Treasury repo market in order to help maintain the federal funds rate within a 
target range. There can be no assurance that the FRBNY will continue to conduct such operations in the future, 
and the duration and extent of any such operations is inherently uncertain. Similar considerations may also 
apply in respect of SONIA. The effect of any such operations, or of the cessation of such operations to the 
extent they are commenced, is uncertain and could be materially adverse to investors in SOFR-Linked Notes 
or SONIA-Linked Notes, as applicable. 
The interest rate on SONIA-Linked Notes and SOFR-Linked Notes will be based on Compounded Daily SONIA 
and Compounded Daily SOFR, respectively, which are relatively new in the marketplace and may be 
determined by reference to the SONIA Compounded Index or the SOFR Index, respectively, a relatively new 
market index 
For each Interest Period, the interest rate on any Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded Daily SONIA 
or Compounded Daily SOFR is based on Compounded Daily SONIA or Compounded Daily SOFR, 
respectively, which is calculated on a daily compounded basis (or, where Index Determination is specified as 
being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, by reference to the relevant index) and not the SONIA or SOFR 
rate published on or in respect of a particular date during such Interest Period or an arithmetic average of 
SONIA or SOFR rates during such Interest Period. Each of the SONIA Compounded Index and the SOFR 
Index measures the cumulative impact of compounding SONIA or SOFR, respectively, on a unit of investment 
over time. The value of the SONIA Compounded Index or the SOFR Index on a particular business day reflects 
the effect of compounding SONIA or SOFR, respectively, on such business day and allows the calculation of 
Compounded Daily SONIA or SOFR averages, as applicable, over custom time periods. For this and other 
reasons, the interest rate on Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded Daily SONIA or Compounded Daily 
SOFR during any Interest Period will not be the same as the interest rate on other SONIA or SOFR-linked 
investments that use an alternative basis to determine the applicable interest rate. Further, if the SONIA or 
SOFR rate in respect of a particular date during an Interest Period is negative, its contribution to the relevant 
compounded rate will be less than one, resulting in a reduction to such compounded rate used to calculate the 
interest payable on any Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded Daily SONIA or Compounded Daily 
SOFR on the interest payment date for such Interest Period. 
Limited market precedent exists for securities that use SONIA or SOFR as the interest rate and the method for 
calculating an interest rate based upon SONIA or SOFR in those precedents varies. In addition, the Bank of 
England and the FRBNY only began publishing the SONIA Compounded Index and the SOFR Index, 
respectively, very recently. Accordingly, the specific formulas for Compounded Daily SONIA and 
Compounded Daily SOFR set out in the conditions of the Notes and the use of the SONIA Compounded Index 
or SOFR Index for the purposes of calculating Compounded Daily SONIA or Compounded Daily SOFR, 
respectively, may not be widely adopted by other market participants, if at all. If the market adopts a different

--- Page 40 ---
40 
 
 
calculation method, this would likely adversely affect the market value of any respective SONIA-Linked Notes 
or SOFR-Linked Notes. 
There can be no assurance that SONIA or SOFR will not be discontinued or fundamentally altered in a manner 
that is materially adverse to the interests of holders of SONIA-Linked Notes or SOFR-Linked Notes, 
respectively 
SONIA and SOFR are published by the Bank of England and the FRBNY as the respective administrators of 
SONIA and SOFR based on data received from sources other than the Issuers and the Guarantor. The Issuers 
and the Guarantor has no control over the determination, calculation or publication of SONIA or SOFR. The 
administrator of SONIA or SOFR may make changes that could change the value of SONIA or SOFR, as the 
case may be, or discontinue SONIA or SOFR, respectively, and has no obligation to consider the interests of 
holders of SONIA-Linked Notes or SOFR-Linked Notes in doing so. Each of the Bank of England or the 
FRBNY (or, in each case, a successor), as the respective administrator of SONIA and SOFR, respectively, 
may make methodological or other changes that could change the value of SONIA or, SOFR, including 
changes related to the method by which SONIA or SOFR is calculated, eligibility criteria applicable to the 
transactions used to calculate SONIA or SOFR, or timing related to the publication of SONIA and SOFR. In 
addition, the respective administrators of SONIA or SOFR may alter, discontinue or suspend calculation or 
dissemination of SONIA or SOFR (in which case a fallback method of determining the interest rate on any 
SONIA-Linked Notes or SOFR-Linked Notes, respectively, will apply, as further described in Conditions 5.4 
and 5.2(b)(iii), respectively. 
There can be no assurance that SONIA or SOFR will not be discontinued or fundamentally altered in a manner 
that is materially adverse to the interests of holders of SONIA-Linked Notes or SOFR-Linked Notes, 
respectively. If the manner in which SONIA or SOFR is calculated is changed, that change may result in a 
reduction of the amount of interest payable on any respective SONIA-Linked Notes or SOFR-Linked Notes, 
which may adversely affect the trading prices of such Notes. If the rate at which interest accrues on any 
SONIA-Linked Notes or SOFR-Linked Notes for any Interest Period declines to zero or becomes negative, no 
interest will be payable on such Notes on the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period. The administrator 
of each of SONIA and SOFR has no obligation to consider the interests of holders of SONIA-Linked Notes or 
SOFR-Linked Notes, respectively, in calculating, adjusting, converting, revising or discontinuing SONIA or 
SOFR, as the case may be. In addition, the administrator of each of SONIA or SOFR may withdraw, modify 
or amend the published SONIA or SOFR rate or other SONIA or SOFR data, respectively, in its sole discretion 
and without notice. 
The SONIA Compounded Index or SOFR Index may be modified or discontinued, which could adversely affect 
the value and market price of any Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded Daily SONIA or Compounded 
Daily SOFR where Index Determination is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms 
The SONIA Compounded Index and the SOFR Index are published by The Bank of England and the FRBNY, 
respectively, based on data received by them from sources other than the Issuers and the Guarantor, and the 
Issuers and the Guarantor have no control over their methods of calculation, publication schedule, rate revision 
practices or the availability of the SONIA Compounded Index or SOFR Index at any time. There can be no 
guarantee, particularly given their relatively recent introduction, that the SONIA Compounded Index or the 
SOFR Index will not be discontinued or fundamentally altered in a manner that is materially adverse to the 
interests of investors in any Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded Daily SONIA or Compounded 
Daily SOFR where Index Determination is applicable. If the manner in which the SONIA Compounded Index 
or the SOFR Index is calculated, including the manner in which SONIA or SOFR, respectively, is calculated, 
is changed, that change may result in a reduction in the amount of interest payable on any Floating Rate Notes 
referencing Compounded Daily SONIA or Compounded Daily SOFR where Index Determination is applicable 
and the trading prices of such Notes. In addition, the Bank of England or the FRBNY may withdraw, modify 
or amend the published SONIA Compounded Index or SOFR Index, respectively, or other SONIA or SOFR 
data in its sole discretion and without notice. The interest rate for any Interest Period will not be adjusted for 
any modifications or amendments to the SONIA Compounded Index or the SOFR Index or other SONIA or

--- Page 41 ---
41 
 
 
SOFR data that the Bank of England or the FRBNY may publish after the interest rate for that Interest Period 
has been determined. 
Risks related to Notes generally 
Set out below is a description of material risks relating to the Notes generally: 
The conditions of the Notes contain provisions which may permit their modification without the consent of all 
investors and confer significant discretions on the Trustee which may be exercised without the consent of the 
Noteholders and without regard to the individual interests of particular Noteholders. 
The conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings (including by way of conference call or 
by use of a videoconference platform) of Noteholders to consider and vote upon matters affecting their interests 
generally, or to pass resolutions in writing or through the use of electronic consents. These provisions permit 
defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant 
meeting or, as the case may be, did not sign the written resolution or give their consent electronically, and 
including those Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. 
The conditions of the Notes also provide that the Trustee may, without the consent of Noteholders and without 
regard to the interests of particular Noteholders, agree to (i) any modification of, or to the waiver or 
authorisation of any breach or proposed breach of, any of the provisions of the Notes or (ii) determine without 
the consent of the Noteholders that any Event of Default or potential Event of Default shall not be treated as 
such or (iii) the substitution of another company as principal debtor under any Notes in place of the Issuer, in 
the circumstances described in Condition 15 (Meetings of Noteholders, Modification, Waiver and 
Substitution). 
A Restructuring Plan implemented pursuant to Part 26A of the Companies Act 2006 may modify or disapply 
certain terms of the Notes or the Guarantee without the consent of the Noteholders. 
Where the relevant Issuer or Guarantor (if applicable) encounters, or is likely to encounter, financial difficulties 
that are affecting, or will or may affect, its ability to carry on business as a going concern, it may propose a 
Restructuring Plan (a Plan) with its creditors under Part 26A of the Companies Act 2006 (introduced by the 
Corporate Insolvency and Governance Act 2020) to eliminate, reduce, prevent or mitigate the effect of any of 
those financial difficulties. Should this happen, creditors whose rights are affected are organised into creditor 
classes and can vote on any such Plan (subject to being excluded from the vote by the English courts for having 
no genuine economic interest in the relevant Issuer or Guarantor (if applicable) and certain exclusions where 
the Plan is proposed within the 12 week period following the end of a moratorium). Providing that one class 
of creditors (who would receive a payment, or have a genuine economic interest in the relevant Issuer or 
Guarantor (if applicable)) has approved the Plan, and in the view of the English courts any dissenting class(es) 
who did not approve the Plan are no worse off under the Plan than they would be in the event of the “relevant 
alternative” (such as, broadly, liquidation or administration), then the English court can sanction the Plan where 
it would be a proper exercise of its discretion. A sanctioned Plan is binding on all creditors and members, 
regardless of whether they approved it. Any such sanctioned Plan in relation to the relevant Issuer or the 
Guarantor (if applicable) may, therefore, adversely affect the rights of Noteholders and the price or value of 
their investment in the Notes, as it may have the effect of modifying or disapplying certain terms of the Notes 
(by, for example, writing down the principal amount of the Notes, modifying the interest payable on the Notes, 
the maturity date or dates on which any payments are due or substituting the relevant Issuer) or modifying or 
disapplying certain terms of the Guarantee or substituting the Guarantor (if applicable). 
The value of the Notes could be adversely affected by a change in English law or administrative practice. 
The conditions of the Notes are based on English law in effect as at the date of this Base Prospectus. No 
assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to English law or

--- Page 42 ---
42 
 
 
administrative practice after the date of this Base Prospectus and any such change could materially and 
adversely impact the value of any Notes affected by it. 
Investors who hold less than the minimum Specified Denomination may be unable to sell their Notes and may 
be adversely affected if definitive Notes are subsequently required to be issued. 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified Denomination 
plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that such Notes may be 
traded in amounts in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination that are not integral multiples of such 
minimum Specified Denomination. In such a case a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an 
amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in their account with the relevant clearing 
system would not be able to sell the remainder of such holding without first purchasing a principal amount of 
Notes at or in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination such that its holding amounts to a Specified 
Denomination. Further, a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less than 
the minimum Specified Denomination in their account with the relevant clearing system at the relevant time 
may not receive a definitive Note in respect of such holding (should definitive Notes be printed or issued) and 
would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes at or in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination 
such that its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination. 
If such Notes in definitive form are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Notes which have a 
denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and 
difficult to trade. 
Holders of Notes held through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg must rely on procedures of those 
clearing systems to effect transfers of Notes, receive payments in respect of Notes and vote at meetings of 
Noteholders  
Notes issued under the Programme will be represented on issue by one or more Global Notes that may be 
deposited with a common depositary or Common Safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
(each as defined under “Form of the Notes”). Except in the circumstances described in each Global Note, 
investors will not be entitled to receive Notes in definitive form. Each of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and their respective direct and indirect participants will maintain records of the beneficial 
interests in each Global Note held through it. While the Notes are represented by a Global Note, investors will 
be able to trade their beneficial interests only through the relevant clearing systems and their respective 
participants. 
While the Notes are represented by Global Notes, the relevant Issuer will discharge its payment obligation 
under the Notes by making payments through the relevant clearing systems. A holder of a beneficial interest 
in a Global Note must rely on the procedures of the relevant clearing system and its participants to receive 
payments under the Notes. The Issuers and the Guarantor have no responsibility or liability for the records 
relating to, or payments made in respect of, beneficial interests in any Global Note. 
Holders of beneficial interests in a Global Note will not have a direct right to vote in respect of the Notes so 
represented. Instead, such holders will be permitted to act only to the extent that they are enabled by the 
relevant clearing system and its participants to appoint appropriate proxies. 
Judgments entered against Hungarian entities in the courts of a state which is not subject to the Brussels 
Regulations, the Lugano Convention or the Hague Convention may not be enforceable in Hungary 
Hungarian courts normally recognise foreign judgments provided that the foreign courts had jurisdiction under 
the rules set out in Act XXVIII of 2017 on private international law. 
However, a judgment entered against a company incorporated in Hungary in the courts of a state which is not, 
under the terms of: (i) Regulation (EU) No. 1215/2012 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 12

--- Page 43 ---
43 
 
 
December 2012 on jurisdiction and the recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial 
matters (the 2012 Brussels Regulation); (ii) Council Regulation (EC) No. 44/2001 of 22 December 2000 on 
jurisdiction and the recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters (the 2000 
Brussels Regulation); (iii) the Convention on jurisdiction and the recognition and enforcement of judgments 
in civil and commercial matters made at Lugano on 30 October 2007 (the Lugano Convention); or (iv) the 
Hague Choice of Court Convention of 30 June 2005 (the Hague Convention) a Member State (as defined in 
the 2012 Brussels Regulation and the 2000 Brussels Regulation) or a Contracting State (as defined in the 
Lugano Convention and the Hague Convention), may not be automatically enforceable in Hungary, as a matter 
of law without a retrial on its merits.  
An English court judgment entered against the relevant Issuer in relation to any Notes would be enforceable 
in accordance with sections 109 and 113 of the Act XXVIII of 2017 on private international law. These 
provisions set out that a final and binding money judgment of a foreign court would be recognised by 
Hungarian courts, if the respective contracting parties previously duly agreed to submit their disputes to the 
jurisdiction of that foreign court. However, the wording of the relevant provisions leaves the question open for 
interpretation as to whether the Hungarian courts may exercise some form of discretion when it comes to a 
decision on the recognition and enforceability of foreign judgments for payment of money in the absence of 
reciprocity (currently, there is no reciprocity between England and Hungary) if the relevant judgment is based 
on the choice of forum agreement of the respective parties. 
In addition, judicial enforcement in Hungary is subject to standard exceptions to recognition such that the 
enforcement of a court judgment of the English courts would be refused if: (i) such judgment conflicts with 
public policy in Hungary; (ii) the losing party in the relevant case or its authorised representative did not 
participate in the proceedings because such party did not have proper or timely notice of the proceedings; (iii) 
the proceedings were commenced in Hungary before they were commenced in the England; (iv) Hungarian 
courts (or relevant Hungarian authorities) have already determined the matter (res judicata); or (v) foreign 
courts have already determined the matter and such judgment is eligible for recognition in Hungary 
(irrespective of whether such eligible judgment is actually sought to be enforced in Hungary). 
It is also noted that most of the foreign judgments have been recognised and enforced in Hungary based on 
either the Brussels Regulation or international treaties since the entry into force of Act XXVIII of 2017 on 
private international law and, therefore, very limited interpretation and court cases are available regarding 
recognition and enforcing of foreign judgments where no international treaty/EU regulation is applicable and 
no reciprocity is available. 
As a result, there is a risk that a judgment of the courts of England and Wales entered against the Issuer in 
relation to the Notes may not be enforceable or may take longer to enforce, and any such enforcement is largely 
untested in Hungary. 
Risks related to the market generally 
Set out below is a description of material market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange rate risk, interest rate 
risk and credit risk: 
An active secondary market in respect of the Notes may never be established or may be illiquid and this would 
adversely affect the value at which an investor could sell their Notes. 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market for the 
Notes does develop, it may not be very liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily 
or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed 
secondary market. This is particularly the case for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency 
or market risks, are designed for specific investment objectives or strategies, are being issued to a single 
investor or a limited number of investors or have been structured to meet the investment requirements of

--- Page 44 ---
44 
 
 
limited categories of investors. These types of Notes generally would have a more limited secondary market 
and more price volatility than conventional debt securities.  
If an investor holds Notes which are not denominated in the investor’s home currency, they will be exposed to 
movements in exchange rates adversely affecting the value of their holding. In addition, the imposition of 
exchange controls in relation to any Notes could result in an investor not receiving payments on those Notes. 
The relevant Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes and the Guarantor (if applicable) will make 
any payments under the Guarantee in the Specified Currency. This presents certain risks relating to currency 
conversions if an investor’s financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the 
Investor’s Currency) other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that exchange rates may 
significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation of the 
Investor’s Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor’s Currency may impose 
or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor’s Currency relative to the Specified 
Currency would decrease (1) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (2) the Investor’s 
Currency equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (3) the Investor’s Currency equivalent 
market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that 
could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor (if 
applicable) to make payments in respect of the Notes. As a result, investors may receive less interest or 
principal than expected, or no interest or principal.  
The value of Fixed Rate Notes may be adversely affected by movements in market interest rates. 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that if market interest rates subsequently increase above the 
rate paid on the Fixed Rate Notes, this will adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate Notes. 
Credit ratings may not reflect all the risks. 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Issuers, the Guarantor or the 
Notes. MOL currently has a rating of BBB- by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited and BBB- by S&P Global Ratings 
Europe Limited. The ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, 
additional factors discussed above, and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is 
not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised, suspended or withdrawn by the rating 
agency at any time. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the CRA Regulation from using credit ratings for 
regulatory purposes in the EEA, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA 
and registered under the CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or suspended, subject 
to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances). Such general restriction will also apply in the 
case of credit ratings issued by third country non-EEA credit rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings 
are endorsed by an EEA-registered credit rating agency or the relevant third country rating agency is certified 
in accordance with the CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or certification, as the case may be, has 
not been withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances). The 
list of registered and certified rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority 
(ESMA) on its website in accordance with the CRA Regulation is not conclusive evidence of the status of the 
relevant rating agency included in such list, as there may be delays between certain supervisory measures being 
taken against a relevant rating agency and the publication of the updated ESMA list.   
Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar restrictions under the UK CRA Regulation. As such, UK 
regulated investors are required to use for UK regulatory purposes ratings issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. In the case of ratings issued by third 
country non-UK credit rating agencies, third country credit ratings can either be: (a) endorsed by a UK

--- Page 45 ---
45 
 
 
registered credit rating agency; or (b) issued by a third country credit rating agency that is certified in 
accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. Note this is subject, in each case, to (a) the relevant UK registration, 
certification or endorsement, as the case may be, not having been withdrawn or suspended, and (b) transitional 
provisions that apply in certain circumstances.  
If the status of the rating agency rating the Notes changes for the purposes of the CRA Regulation or the UK 
CRA Regulation, relevant regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for regulatory purposes 
in the EEA or the UK, as applicable, and the Notes may have a different regulatory treatment, which may 
impact the value of the Notes and their liquidity in the secondary market. Certain information with respect to 
the credit rating agencies and ratings is set out on the cover of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 46 ---
46 
 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents, which have previously been published, shall be incorporated in, and form part of, 
this Base Prospectus:  
(a) 
the audited consolidated financial statements of the MOL Group for the year ended 31 December 2022 
(prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as adopted by the 
EU) is published in the MOL Group Integrated Annual Report 2022 (which can be found at: 
https://molgroup.info/storage/documents/publications/annual_reports/2022/integrated_annual_report
_2022_eng.pdf) (2022 Consolidated Financial Statements); 
(b) 
the independent auditor’s report of the MOL Group for the year ended 31 December 2022 (which can 
be 
found 
at: 
https://molgroup.info/storage/documents/publications/annual_reports/2022/mol_konszi_audit_report
_2022_eng.pdf);  
(c) 
the audited consolidated financial statements of the MOL Group for the year ended 31 December 2021 
(prepared in accordance with IAS34 of IFRS as adopted by the EU) is published in the MOL Integrated 
Annual 
Report 
2021 
(which 
can 
be 
found 
at: 
https://molgroup.info/storage/documents/publications/annual_reports/2021/mol_group_integrated_re
port_2021_eng.pdf) (2021 Consolidated Financial Statements);  
(d) 
the independent auditor’s report of the MOL Group for the year ended 31 December 2021 (which can 
be 
found 
at: 
https://molgroup.info/storage/documents/publications/annual_reports/2021/mol_group_consolidated
_audit_report_eng.pdf);  
(e) 
the unaudited interim consolidated financial statements of the MOL Group for the six months ended 
30 June 2023 (prepared in accordance with IAS 34 of IFRS as adopted by the EU) is published in the 
MOL 
Group 
2023 
half-year 
report 
(which 
can 
be 
found 
at: 
https://molgroup.info/storage/documents/publications/quarterly_reports/2023/mol_group_2023h1_re
port_eng_0804.pdf) (the 2023 Interim Financial Statements); 
(f) 
the full audited financial statements of MGF for the year ended 31 December 2022 (prepared in 
accordance 
with 
IFRS 
as 
adopted 
by 
the 
EU) 
(which 
can 
be 
found 
at: 
https://molgroup.info/storage/documents/publications/mol_group_finance/2022/mgf_annual_report_
2022_eng.pdf) (2022 MGF Financial Statements); 
(g) 
the independent auditor’s report of MGF for the year ended 31 December 2022 (which can be found 
at: 
https://molgroup.info/storage/documents/publications/mol_group_finance/2022/mgf_auditor_report_
2022_eng.pdf);  
(h) 
the full audited financial statements of MGF for the year ended 31 December 2021 (prepared in 
accordance 
with 
IFRS 
as 
adopted 
by 
the 
EU) 
(which 
can 
be 
found 
at: 
https://molgroup.info/storage/documents/publications/mol_group_finance/2021/mgf_annual_report_
2021_eng.pdf) (2021 MGF Financial Statements); and 
(i) 
the independent auditor’s report of MGF for the year ended 31 December 2021 (which can be found 
at: 
https://molgroup.info/storage/documents/publications/mol_group_finance/2021/mol_group_finance_
report_20211231.pdf) (2021 MGF Auditor Report).

--- Page 47 ---
47 
 
 
save that any statement contained herein or in a document which is deemed to be incorporated by reference 
herein shall be deemed to be modified or superseded for the purpose of this Base Prospectus to the extent that 
a statement contained herein modifies or supersedes such earlier statement (whether expressly, by implication 
or otherwise). Any statement so modified or superseded shall not be deemed, except as so modified or 
superseded, to constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. Any documents themselves incorporated by reference 
in the documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus shall not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
The cross-reference list below sets out the sections of the MOL Group Integrated Annual Reports for 2022 and 
2021, and consolidated interim half year report for 2023, which contain the consolidated financial statements 
which are incorporated by reference in and form part of this Base Prospectus. 
The information incorporated by reference, that is not included in the cross-reference list, is considered as 
additional information and is not required by the relevant schedules of the Commission Delegated Regulation 
(EU) 2019/980. Any non-incorporated parts of a document referred to herein are either deemed not relevant 
for an investor or are otherwise covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
Cross-Reference List  
1. 
2022 Consolidated Financial Statements: 
Section incorporated 
Page 
Consolidated statement of profit or loss (audited information) ...................................... 
Page 56 
Consolidated statement of comprehensive income (audited information) ..................... 
Page 57 
Consolidated statement of financial position (audited information) 
Page 58 
Consolidated statement of changes in equity (audited information) .............................. 
Page 59 
Consolidated statement of cash flows (audited information) ......................................... 
Page 60 
Notes to the financial statements (audited information) ................................................. 
Pages 61-149 
 
 
2. 
2021 Consolidated Financial Statements: 
Section incorporated 
Page 
Consolidated statement of profit or loss (audited information) .....................................  Page 52 
Consolidated statement of comprehensive income (audited information) ....................  Page 53 
Consolidated statement of financial position (audited information) 
Page 54 
Consolidated statement of changes in equity (audited information) .............................  Page 55 
Consolidated statement of cash flows (audited information) ........................................  Page 56 
Notes to the financial statements (audited information) ................................................  Pages 57-124

--- Page 48 ---
48 
 
 
3. 
2023 Interim Financial Statements: 
Section incorporated 
Page 
Consolidated statement of profit or loss ........................................................................  Page 21 
Consolidated statement of comprehensive income .......................................................  Page 22 
Consolidated statement of financial position  
Page 23 
Consolidated statement of changes in equity ................................................................  Page 24 
Consolidated statement of cash flows ...........................................................................  Page 25 
Notes to the financial statements ...................................................................................  Pages 26-52 
Any documents themselves incorporated by reference in the documents incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus shall not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
4 
2021 MGF Auditor Report 
Section incorporated 
Page 
Independent Auditor’s Report .......................................................................................  Pages 7-9

--- Page 49 ---
49 
 
 
FORM OF THE NOTES 
The Notes of each Series will be in either bearer form, with or without interest coupons attached, or registered 
form, without interest coupons attached. Bearer Notes and Registered Notes will be issued outside the United 
States in reliance on Regulation S under the Securities Act (Regulation S). 
Bearer Notes 
Each Tranche of Bearer Notes will be in bearer form and will initially be issued in the form of a temporary 
global note (a Temporary Bearer Global Note) or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, a permanent 
global note (a Permanent Bearer Global Note and, together with a Temporary Bearer Global Note, each a 
Bearer Global Note) which, in either case, will: 
(a) 
if the Bearer Global Notes are intended to be issued in new global note (NGN) form, as stated in the 
applicable Final Terms, be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a common 
safekeeper (the Common Safekeeper) for Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Euroclear) and Clearstream 
Banking S.A. (Clearstream, Luxembourg); and 
(b) 
if the Bearer Global Notes are not intended to be issued in NGN form, as stated in the applicable Final 
Terms, be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a common depositary (the 
Common Depositary) for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Where the Bearer Global Notes issued in respect of any Tranche are in NGN form, the applicable Final Terms 
will also indicate whether such Bearer Global Notes are intended to be held in a manner which would allow 
Eurosystem eligibility. Any indication that the Bearer Global Notes are to be so held does not necessarily mean 
that the Bearer Notes of the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary 
policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any times during their life as 
such recognition depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. The Common Safekeeper for 
NGNs will either be Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or another entity approved by Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Whilst any Bearer Note is represented by a Temporary Bearer Global Note, payments of principal, interest (if 
any) and any other amount payable in respect of the Notes due prior to the Exchange Date (as defined below) 
will be made (against presentation of the Temporary Bearer Global Note if the Temporary Bearer Global Note 
is not intended to be issued in NGN form) only to the extent that certification (in a form to be provided) to the 
effect that the beneficial owners of interests in the Temporary Bearer Global Note are not U.S. persons or 
persons who have purchased for resale to any U.S. person, as required by U.S. Treasury regulations, has been 
received by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as 
applicable, has given a like certification (based on the certifications it has received) to the Principal Paying 
Agent. 
On and after the date (the Exchange Date) which is 40 days after a Temporary Bearer Global Note is issued, 
interests in such Temporary Bearer Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge) upon a request as 
described therein either for (i) interests in a Permanent Bearer Global Note of the same Series or (ii) for 
definitive Bearer Notes of the same Series with, where applicable, interest coupons and talons attached (as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms), in each case against certification of beneficial ownership as described 
above unless such certification has already been given, provided that purchasers in the United States and 
certain U.S. persons will not be able to receive definitive Bearer Notes. The holder of a Temporary Bearer 
Global Note will not be entitled to collect any payment of interest, principal or other amount due on or after 
the Exchange Date unless, upon due certification, exchange of the Temporary Bearer Global Note for an 
interest in a Permanent Bearer Global Note or for definitive Bearer Notes is improperly withheld or refused. 
Payments of principal, interest (if any) or any other amounts on a Permanent Bearer Global Note will be made 
through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (against presentation or surrender (as the case may be) of

--- Page 50 ---
50 
 
 
the Permanent Bearer Global Note if the Permanent Bearer Global Note is not intended to be issued in NGN 
form) without any requirement for certification. 
The applicable Final Terms will specify that a Permanent Bearer Global Note will be exchangeable (free of 
charge), in whole but not in part, for definitive Bearer Notes with, where applicable, interest coupons and 
talons attached upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event. For these purposes, Exchange Event means that 
(i) an Event of Default (as defined in Condition 10 (Events of Default and Enforcement) has occurred and is 
continuing, (ii) the relevant Issuer has been notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have 
been closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or 
otherwise) or have announced an intention permanently to cease business or have in fact done so and no 
successor clearing system satisfactory to the Trustee is available or (iii) the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor, 
as the case may be, has or will become subject to adverse tax consequences which would not be suffered were 
the Notes represented by the Permanent Bearer Global Note in definitive form and a certificate to such effect 
signed by two Directors of the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor, as the case may be is given to the Trustee. The 
relevant Issuer will promptly give notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) if an 
Exchange Event occurs. In the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in such Permanent Bearer Global Note) or 
the Trustee may give notice to the Principal Paying Agent requesting exchange and, in the event of the 
occurrence of an Exchange Event as described in (iii) above, the relevant Issuer may also give notice to the 
Principal Paying Agent requesting exchange. Any such exchange shall occur not later than 45 days after the 
date of receipt of the first relevant notice by the Principal Paying Agent. 
The following legend will appear on all Bearer Notes (other than Temporary Bearer Global Notes) and interest 
coupons relating to such Notes where TEFRA D is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
“ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE 
LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE.” 
The sections referred to provide that United States holders, with certain exceptions, will not be entitled to 
deduct any loss on Bearer Notes or interest coupons and will not be entitled to capital gains treatment in respect 
of any gain on any sale, disposition, redemption or payment of principal in respect of Bearer Notes or interest 
coupons. 
Notes which are represented by a Bearer Global Note will only be transferable in accordance with the rules 
and procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
Registered Notes 
The Registered Notes of each Tranche will be represented by a global note in registered form (a Registered 
Global Note).  
Registered Global Notes will be deposited with a common depositary or, if the Registered Global Notes are to 
be held under the new safe-keeping structure (the NSS), with a common safekeeper, as the case may be for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, and registered in the name of the nominee for the Common 
Depositary of, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or in the name of a nominee of the common 
safekeeper, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. Persons holding beneficial interests in Registered 
Global Notes will be entitled or required, as the case may be, under the circumstances described below, to 
receive physical delivery of definitive Notes in fully registered form. 
Where the Registered Global Notes issued in respect of any Tranche is intended to be held under the NSS, the 
applicable Final Terms will indicate whether or not such Registered Global Notes are intended to be held in a 
manner which would allow Eurosystem eligibility. Any indication that the Registered Global Notes are to be 
so held does not necessarily mean that the Notes of the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral

--- Page 51 ---
51 
 
 
for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any 
time during their life as such recognition depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. The 
common safekeeper for a Registered Global Note held under the NSS will either be Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or another entity approved by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg.  
Payments of principal, interest and any other amount in respect of the Registered Global Notes will, in the 
absence of provision to the contrary, be made to the person shown on the Register (as defined in Condition 6.4 
(Payments - Payments in respect of Registered Notes) as the registered holder of the Registered Global Notes. 
None of the Issuers, the Guarantor, any Paying Agent, the Trustee or the Registrar will have any responsibility 
or liability for any aspect of the records relating to or payments or deliveries made on account of beneficial 
ownership interests in the Registered Global Notes or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records 
relating to such beneficial ownership interests. 
Payments of principal, interest or any other amount in respect of the Registered Notes in definitive form will, 
in the absence of provision to the contrary, be made to the persons shown on the Register on the relevant 
Record Date (as defined in Condition 6.4 (Payments - Payments in respect of Registered Notes) immediately 
preceding the due date for payment in the manner provided in that Condition. 
Interests in a Registered Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge), in whole but not in part, for 
definitive Registered Notes without interest coupons or talons attached only upon the occurrence of an 
Exchange Event. For these purposes, Exchange Event means that (i) an Event of Default has occurred and is 
continuing, (ii) the relevant Issuer has been notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have 
been closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or 
otherwise) or have announced an intention permanently to cease business or have in fact done so and, in any 
such case, no successor clearing system satisfactory to the Trustee is available or (iii) the relevant Issuer or the 
Guarantor, as the case may be, has or will become subject to adverse tax consequences which would not be 
suffered were the Notes represented by the Registered Global Note in definitive form and a certificate to that 
effect signed by two Directors of the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor, as the case may be, is given to the 
Trustee. The relevant Issuer will promptly give notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 
(Notices) if an Exchange Event occurs. In the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or any person acting on their behalf (acting on the instructions of any holder of an 
interest in such Registered Global Note) or the Trustee may give notice to the Registrar requesting exchange 
and, in the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event as described in (iii) above, the relevant Issuer may 
also give notice to the Registrar requesting exchange. Any such exchange shall occur not later than 10 days 
after the date of receipt of the first relevant notice by the Registrar. 
No beneficial owner of an interest in a Registered Global Note will be able to transfer such interest, except in 
accordance with the applicable procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, in each case to the 
extent applicable.   
General 
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”), the Principal 
Paying Agent shall arrange that, where a further Tranche of Notes is issued which is intended to form a single 
Series with an existing Tranche of Notes at a point after the Issue Date of the further Tranche, the Notes of 
such further Tranche shall be assigned a common code and ISIN which are different from the common code 
and ISIN assigned to Notes of any other Tranche of the same Series until such time as the Tranches are 
consolidated and form a single Series, which shall not be prior to the expiry of the distribution compliance 
period (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act) applicable to the Notes of such Tranche.   
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, be 
deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in the applicable Final 
Terms.

--- Page 52 ---
52 
 
 
No Noteholder or Couponholder shall be entitled to proceed directly against the relevant Issuer and/or the 
Guarantor unless the Trustee, having become bound so to proceed, (i) fails so to do within a reasonable period, 
or (ii) is unable for any reason so to do, and the failure or inability shall be continuing.  
The relevant Issuer and the Guarantor (as applicable) may agree with any Dealer and the Trustee that Notes 
may be issued in a form not contemplated by the conditions of the Notes, in which event, a supplement to this 
Base Prospectus or a new Base Prospectus will be made available which will describe the effect of the 
agreement reached in relation to such Notes.

--- Page 53 ---
53 
 
 
APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
MiFID II); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the Insurance 
Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point 
(10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the 
Prospectus Regulation). Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 (as amended, the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs 
Regulation.]2 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (FSMA) and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]  
[3MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and 
professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II)][MiFID II]; and 
(ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. 
Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into 
consideration the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined 
in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS), and professional clients, as defined in 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 (UK MiFIR); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK 
MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in 
 
2  
Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Notes potentially constitute “packaged” products and no key information document 
will be prepared in the EEA or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to EEA retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling 
restriction should be specified to be “Applicable”. 
3  
Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if following the ICMA 1 “all bonds to all professionals” target market approach.

--- Page 54 ---
54 
 
 
respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[NOTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 309B(1)(C) OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT 2001 
(2020 Revised Edition) OF SINGAPORE – In connection with Section 309B of the Securities and Futures 
Act 2001 (2020 Revised Edition) of Singapore (as modified or amended from time to time) and the Securities 
and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the CMP Regulations 2018), the 
Issuer has determined the classification of the Notes to be capital markets products other than prescribed capital 
markets products (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and Specified Investment Products (as defined in 
the Singapore Monetary Authority (the MAS) Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products 
and in the MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).]4 
[Date] 
[MOL Hungarian Oil and Gas Public Limited Company/ MOL Group Finance Zrt.] 
 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): [213800R83KX5FQFGXS67/ 213800HGEDFC76299Y61]  
Issue of [Currency] [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
[Guaranteed by MOL Hungarian Oil and Gas Public Limited Company] 
under the €2,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions of the 
Notes (the Conditions) set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 29 September 2023 [and the supplement[s] to it 
dated [date] [and [date]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation (the Base Prospectus). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein 
for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus in 
order to obtain all the relevant information. The Base Prospectus has been published on 
https://molgroup.info/en/investor-relations/financing.  
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued 
under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date.]  
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions of the 
Notes (the Conditions) set forth in the Base Prospectus dated [original date] [and the supplement to it dated 
[date]] which are incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus dated 29 September 2023. This document 
constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and 
must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 29 September 2023 [and the supplement[s] to it 
dated [date] [and [date]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation (the Base Prospectus), including the Conditions incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus, 
in order to obtain all the relevant information. The Base Prospectus has been published on 
https://molgroup.info/en/investor-relations/financing.  
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable”. Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs or subparagraphs 
 
4  
Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Notes sold into Singapore do not constitute prescribed capital markets products as 
defined under the CMP Regulations 2018 and Excluded Investment Products.

--- Page 55 ---
55 
 
 
(in which case the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics denote 
directions for completing the Final Terms.]  
[If the Notes have a maturity of less than one year from the date of their issue, the minimum denomination may 
need to be £100,000 or its equivalent in any other currency.] 
 
1. 
(a) 
Issuer: 
(b) 
[Guarantor: 
[MOL Hungarian Oil and Gas Public Limited 
Company/MOL Group Finance Zrt.] 
MOL Hungarian Oil and Gas Public Limited 
Company] 
(Delete in the case of Notes issued by MOL 
Hungarian Oil and Gas Public Limited 
Company) 
2. 
(a) 
Series Number: 
[         ] 
(b) 
Tranche Number: 
[         ] 
(c) 
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single Series: 
The Notes will be consolidated and form a single 
Series with [identify earlier Tranches] on [the 
Issue Date/the date that is 40 days after the Issue 
Date/exchange of the Temporary Global Note for 
interests in the Permanent Global Note, as 
referred to in paragraph [     ] below, which is 
expected to occur on or about [date]][Not 
Applicable] 
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[         ] 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
(a) 
Series: 
[         ] 
(b) 
Tranche: 
[         ] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[         ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal 
Amount [plus accrued interest from [insert date] 
(if applicable)] 
6. 
(a) 
Specified Denominations: 
[         ] 
 
(N.B. Notes must have a minimum denomination 
of €100,000 (or equivalent)) 
 
(Note – where Bearer multiple denominations 
above €100,000 or equivalent are being used the 
following sample wording should be followed: 
 
“€100,000 and integral multiples of €1,000 in 
excess thereof up to and including €199,000. No 
Notes in definitive form will be issued with a 
denomination above €199,000.”)

--- Page 56 ---
56 
 
 
(b) 
Calculation Amount (in relation to 
calculation of interest in global form 
see Conditions): 
[         ] 
 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination. If more than one 
Specified Denomination, insert the highest 
common factor. Note: There must be a common 
factor in the case of two or more Specified 
Denominations) 
7. 
(a) 
Issue Date: 
[         ]  
(b) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
 
(N.B. An Interest Commencement Date will not 
be relevant for certain Notes, for example Zero 
Coupon Notes.) 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
Specify date or for Floating Rate Notes – Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to [specify 
month and year]] 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[         ] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
[[[         ] month [EURIBOR]]/[Compounded 
Daily SONIA]/[Compounded Daily SOFR]] +/- 
[         ] per cent. Floating Rate] 
 
[Zero coupon] 
 
(see paragraph [14]/[15]/[16]below) 
10. 
Redemption[/Payment] Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at [100/     ] per cent. of their 
nominal amount 
11. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Specify the date when any fixed to floating rate 
change occurs or cross refer to paragraphs 14 
and 
15 
below 
and 
identify 
there][Not 
Applicable] 
12. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Issuer Call] 
 
[Make-whole Redemption]  
 
[Issuer Maturity Call] 
 
[Issuer Residual Call] 
 
[Investor Put] 
 
[Change of Control Put] 
 
[(see paragraph [18]/[19]/[20]/[21]/[22]/[23] 
below)] 
 
[Not Applicable] 
13. 
[Date [Board] approval for issuance of Notes 
[and Guarantee] obtained: 
[         ] [and [         ], respectively]] 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular 
tranche of Notes or related Guarantee)

--- Page 57 ---
57 
 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[         ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on 
each Interest Payment Date 
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[         ] in each year up to and including the 
Maturity Date 
 
(Amend appropriately in the case of irregular 
coupons)  
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s) for Notes in 
definitive form (and in relation to Notes 
in global form see Conditions): 
[         ] per Calculation Amount 
(d) 
Broken Amount(s) for Notes in 
definitive form (and in relation to Notes 
in global form see Conditions): 
[[         ] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest 
Payment 
Date 
falling 
[in/on] 
[         ]][Not Applicable] 
(e) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] [Actual/Actual (ICMA)]  
(f) 
Determination Date(s): 
[[         ] in each year][Not Applicable] 
 
(Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA). In such a case, insert 
regular interest payment dates, ignoring issue 
date or maturity date in the case of a long or 
short first or last coupon) 
15. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Specified Period(s)/Specified Interest 
Payment Dates: 
[         ] [, subject to adjustment in accordance 
with the Business Day Convention set out in (b) 
below/, not subject to adjustment, as the 
Business Day Convention in (b) below is 
specified to be Not Applicable]  
(b) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business 
Day Convention/Modified Following Business 
Day Convention/ Preceding Business Day 
Convention][Not Applicable]  
(c) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[         ] 
(d) 
Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate of Interest and Interest Amount (if 
not the Agent): 
[         ] (the Calculation Agent)  
(e) 
Screen Rate Determination:

--- Page 58 ---
58 
 
 
 
Reference Rate: 
[[Compounded Daily SONIA]]  
[[Compounded Daily SOFR]]  
[         ] month [EURIBOR] 
 
Interest Determination Date(s): [               ]/[The day falling the number of 
London Banking Days included in the below 
SONIA Observation Look-Back Period prior to 
the day on which the relevant Interest Period 
ends (but which by its definition is excluded 
from the Interest Period)]/[The day falling the 
number of U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days included in the below SOFR Observation 
Shift Period prior to the Interest Payment Date 
for the relevant Interest Period or such other date 
on which the relevant payment of interest falls 
due (but which by its definition or the operation 
of the relevant provisions is excluded from such 
Interest Period)] 
(The second day on which the T2 is open prior to 
the start of each Interest Period if EURIBOR)  
 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[           ] 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters 
EURIBOR01 ensure it is a page which shows a 
composite rate or amend the fallback provisions 
appropriately)  
 
Index Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
SONIA Observation Method: 
[Not Applicable/Lag/Shift] 
(Only relevant for Floating Rate Senior Notes 
which specify the Reference Rate as being 
“Compounded Daily SONIA”) 
 
SONIA Observation Look-
Back Period: 
[[                  ] London Banking Day[s]/Not 
Applicable]  
(Only relevant for Floating Rate Senior Notes 
which specify the Reference Rate as being 
“Compounded Daily SONIA”) 
 
SOFR 
Observation 
Shift 
Period: 
[[     ] U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day[s]/Not Applicable]  
(Only relevant for Floating Rate Senior Notes 
which specify the Reference Rate as being 
“Compounded Daily SOFR”) 
 
Specified Time: 
[     ]

--- Page 59 ---
59 
 
 
(N.B. Delete for all Reference Rates other than 
Compounded Daily SONIA or Compounded 
Daily SOFR where Index Determination is 
specified as being applicable) 
(f) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable - the Rate of interest 
for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period 
shall be calculated using Linear Interpolation 
(specify for each short or long interest period)]  
(g) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-] [         ] per cent. per annum 
(h) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[         ] per cent. per annum 
(i) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[         ] per cent. per annum 
(j) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)][Actual/Actual] 
 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
 
Actual/365 (Sterling) 
 
Actual/360 
 
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis] 
 
[30E/360][Eurobond Basis] 
 
30E/360 (ISDA)]  
16. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Accrual Yield: 
[         ] per cent. per annum 
(b) 
Reference Price: 
[         ] 
(c) 
Day Count Fraction in relation to Early 
Redemption Amounts: 
[30/360] 
[Actual/360] 
 
[Actual/365]  
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
17. 
Notice periods for Condition 7.2 (Redemption 
and Purchase – Redemption for tax reasons): 
Minimum period: [30] days 
Maximum period: [60] days 
18. 
Issuer Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[         ] 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[[         ] per Calculation Amount] 
(c) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[         ]

--- Page 60 ---
60 
 
 
 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[         ] 
(d) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [15] days 
 
Maximum period: [30] days 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution 
of 
information 
through 
intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
(which require a minimum of 5 clearing system 
business days’ notice for a call) and custodians, 
as well as any other notice requirements which 
may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Principal Paying Agent or Trustee.) 
19. 
Make‑whole Redemption by the Issuer: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Make‑whole Redemption Margin: 
[[     ] basis points/Not Applicable] 
(b) 
Reference Bond: 
[CA Selected Bond/[     ]] 
(c) 
Quotation Time: 
[5.00 p.m. [Brussels/London/[     ]] time/Not 
Applicable 
(d) 
Reference Bond Price: 
[The [       ] price/Not Applicable] 
(e) 
Relevant Make-whole Determination 
Time: 
[[       ] [a.m./p.m.] [Brussels/London/[       ]] 
time/Not Applicable] 
(f) 
Make-whole Reference Source: 
[[       ] in the case of the yield to maturity of the 
Reference Bond and [       ] in the case of the 
relevant price for the Reference Bond/Not 
Applicable] 
(g) 
Reference Rate Determination Date: 
[The [       ] Business Day preceding the [relevant 
Make-whole Redemption Date/date on which the 
relevant notice of redemption is given]/Not 
Applicable] 
(h) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[     ] 
 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[     ] 
(i) 
Reference Rate: 
[Reference Bond Rate][Reference Swap Rate] 
(j) 
Relevant Make‑whole Screen Page: 
[[       ] in the case of the yield to maturity of the 
Reference Bond and [       ] in the case of the

--- Page 61 ---
61 
 
 
relevant price for the Reference Bond/[       ]/Not 
Applicable] 
(k) 
Floating Leg Reference Rate: 
[     ] 
(l) 
Floating Leg Screen Page: 
[     ] 
(m) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [15] days 
 
Maximum period: [30] days 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution 
of 
information 
through 
intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
(which require a minimum of 5 clearing system 
business days’ notice for a call) and custodians, 
as well as any other notice requirements which 
may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Principal Paying Agent or Trustee.) 
20. 
Issuer Maturity Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Issuer 
Maturity 
Call 
Period 
Commencement Date: 
[     ] 
(b) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[         ] 
 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[         ] 
(c) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [15] days 
 
Maximum period: [30] days 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution 
of 
information 
through 
intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
(which require a minimum of 5 clearing system 
business days’ notice for a call) and custodians, 
as well as any other notice requirements which 
may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Principal Paying Agent or Trustee.) 
21. 
Issuer Residual Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 62 ---
62 
 
 
(a) 
Residual 
Call 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[         ] per Calculation Amount] 
(b) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [15] days 
 
Maximum period: [30] days 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution 
of 
information 
through 
intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
(which require a minimum of 5 clearing system 
business days’ notice for a call) and custodians, 
as well as any other notice requirements which 
may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Principal Paying Agent or Trustee.) 
22. 
Investor Put: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[         ] 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[         ] per Calculation Amount 
(c) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [15] days 
 
Maximum period: [30] days 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution 
of 
information 
through 
intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
(which require a minimum of 15 clearing system 
business days’ notice for a put) and custodians, 
as well as any other notice requirements which 
may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Principal Paying Agent or Trustee.) 
23. 
Change of Control Put: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(a) 
Change 
of 
Control 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[         ] per Calculation Amount 
24. 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[         ] per Calculation Amount 
25. 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount 
payable 
on 
redemption for tax reasons or on event of 
default: 
[         ] per Calculation Amount 
(N.B. If the Final Redemption Amount is 100 per 
cent. of the nominal value (i.e. par), the Early 
Redemption Amount is likely to be par (but 
consider). If, however, the Final Redemption 
Amount is other than 100 per cent. of the nominal 
value, consideration should be given as to what 
the Early Redemption Amount should be.)

--- Page 63 ---
63 
 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
26. 
Form of Notes: 
 
(a) 
Form:  
[Bearer 
Notes: 
[Temporary 
Global 
Note 
exchangeable for a Permanent Global Note 
which is exchangeable for Definitive Notes upon 
an Exchange Event] 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes on and after the Exchange Date] 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes upon an Exchange Event] 
 
(N.B. The option for an issue of Notes to be 
represented on issue by a Temporary Global 
Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes should 
not be expressed to be applicable if the Specified 
Denomination of the Notes in paragraph 6 
includes language substantially to the following 
effect: “€100,000 and integral multiples of 
€1,000 in excess thereof up to and including 
€199,000.”.) 
 
[Registered Notes: 
 
[Global Note registered in the name of a nominee 
for [a common depositary for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg/a common safekeeper 
for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg]] 
(b) 
New Global Note: 
[Yes][No]]  
27. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date of 
payment and not the end dates of Interest Periods 
for the purposes of calculating the amount of 
interest, to which sub-paragraph 15(c) relates) 
28. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached to 
Definitive Notes: 
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, Talons may be required if, on 
exchange into definitive form, more than 27 
coupon payments are still to be made/No] 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[[Relevant third party information] has been extracted from [specify source]. [Each of the] [The] Issuer [and 
the Guarantor] confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware 
and is able to ascertain from information published by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which 
would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.]

--- Page 64 ---
64 
 
 
Signed on behalf of [MOL Hungarian Oil and Gas 
Public Limited Company/MOL Group Finance 
Zrt.]: 
[Signed on behalf of MOL Hungarian Oil and Gas 
Public Limited Company: 
By:  .........................................................  
By:  .......................................................... 
Duly authorised 
Duly authorised] 
 
(Delete in the case of Notes issued by MOL 
Hungarian Oil and Gas Public Limited Company)

--- Page 65 ---
65 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. 
LISTING 
AND 
ADMISSION 
TO 
TRADING 
 
(i) 
Listing and Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on the 
Regulated Market of Euronext Dublin and listing on 
the official list of Euronext Dublin with effect from 
[         ].] 
 
[Application is expected to be made by the Issuer (or 
on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading 
on the Regulated Market of Euronext Dublin and 
listing on the official list of Euronext Dublin with 
effect from [         ].]  
 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to 
indicate that original Notes are already admitted to 
trading.) 
(ii) 
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[         ] 
2. 
RATINGS 
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued [[have been]/[are expected 
to be]] rated]/[The following ratings reflect ratings 
assigned to Notes of this type issued under the 
Programme generally]: 
 
[insert details] by [insert the legal name of the 
relevant credit rating agency entity(ies) and 
associated defined terms].   
 
[Each of [defined terms] is established in the 
European Union and is registered under Regulation 
(EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the CRA 
Regulation).]  
 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning 
of the ratings if this has previously been published 
by the rating provider.]  
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Notes of the type being issued under the 
Programme generally or, where the issue has been 
specifically rated, that rating.) 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
[Save for the fees [of [insert relevant fee disclosure]] payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as 
the Issuer [and the Guarantor] [is/are] aware, no person involved in the issue of the Notes has an 
interest material to the offer. The [Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in

--- Page 66 ---
66 
 
 
the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may 
perform other services for, the Issuer [and the Guarantor] and [its/their] affiliates in the ordinary 
course of business - Amend as appropriate if there are other interests]  
(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a supplement 
to the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.) 
4. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
(i) 
Reasons for the offer: 
[See “Use of Proceeds” in the Base Prospectus/Give 
details]  
(ii) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[         ] 
5. 
YIELD (FIXED RATE NOTES ONLY) 
Indication of yield: 
[         ] 
 
The yield [is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis 
of the Issue Price. It] is not an indication of future 
yield. 
6. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
(i) 
ISIN: 
[         ]  
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[         ] 
(iii) 
CFI: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
(iv) 
FISN: 
[[See/[[include code ], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available]  
(v) 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg 
and 
the 
relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
(vi) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(vii) 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[         ]  
(viii) 
Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility:  
[Yes. Note that the designation “yes” simply means 
that the Notes are intended upon issue to be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper[, and registered in the name of a nominee

--- Page 67 ---
67 
 
 
of one of the ICSDs acting as common safekeeper] 
[include this text for Registered Notes which are to 
be held under the NSS] and does not necessarily 
mean that the Notes will be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra 
day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon 
issue or at any or all times during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.]/ 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as “no” at 
the date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that 
the Notes are capable of meeting them the Notes 
may then be deposited with one of the ICSDs as 
common safekeeper[, and registered in the name of 
a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper][include this text for Registered Notes]. 
Note that this does not necessarily mean that the 
Notes will then be recognised as eligible collateral 
for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem at any time during 
their life. Such recognition will depend upon the 
ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.] 
7. 
DISTRIBUTION 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii) 
If syndicated, names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(iii) 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(iv) 
If non-syndicated, name of relevant 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(v) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category 2; TEFRA D/TEFRA 
C/TEFRA not applicable] 
(vi) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products or the Notes do constitute “packaged” 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the EEA, “Not Applicable” should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute “packaged” 
products and no key information document will be 
prepared in the EEA, “Applicable” should be 
specified.) 
(vii) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 68 ---
68 
 
 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products or the Notes do constitute “packaged” 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the UK, “Not Applicable” should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute “packaged” 
products and no key information document will be 
prepared in the UK, “Applicable” should be 
specified.)

--- Page 69 ---
69 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Notes which will be incorporated by reference into each 
Global Note (as defined below) and each definitive Note, in the latter case only if permitted by the relevant 
stock exchange or other relevant authority (if any) and agreed by the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer 
at the time of issue but, if not so permitted and agreed, such definitive Note will have endorsed thereon or 
attached thereto such Terms and Conditions. The applicable Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) 
will be endorsed upon, or attached to, each Global Note and definitive Note. Reference should be made to 
“Applicable Final Terms” for a description of the content of Final Terms which will specify which of such 
terms are to apply in relation to the relevant Notes. 
This Note is one of a Series (as defined below) of Notes issued by MOL Hungarian Oil and Gas Public Limited 
Company (MOL) or MOL Group Finance Zrt. (MGF, and together with MOL, the Issuers and each an Issuer) 
constituted by a Trust Deed (such Trust Deed as modified and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to 
time, the Trust Deed) dated 29 September 2023 made between the Issuers, MOL in its capacity as guarantor 
of the Notes issued by MGF (the Guarantor) and Citicorp Trustee Company Limited (the Trustee, which 
expression shall include any successor as Trustee). 
References herein to the relevant Issuer shall be references to whichever of MOL or MGF is specified as the 
Issuer in the applicable Final Terms (as defined below). If the relevant Issuer of a Series of Notes is MOL, 
references herein to the Guarantor and the Guarantee, and related expressions, are not applicable and shall be 
disregarded in respect of such Series.   
References herein to the Notes shall be references to the Notes of this Series and shall mean: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes represented by a global Note (a Global Note), units of each Specified 
Denomination in the Specified Currency; 
(b) 
any Global Note; 
(c) 
any definitive Notes in bearer form (Bearer Notes) issued in exchange for a Global Note in bearer 
form; and 
(d) 
any definitive Notes in registered form (Registered Notes) (whether or not issued in exchange for a 
Global Note in registered form). 
The Notes and the Coupons (as defined below) have the benefit of an Agency Agreement (such Agency 
Agreement as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the Agency Agreement) dated 
29 September 2023 and made between the Issuers, the Guarantor, the Trustee, Citibank N.A., London Branch 
as principal paying agent (the Principal Paying Agent, which expression shall include any successor principal 
paying agent and, together with any other paying agents appointed pursuant to the Agency Agreement, the 
Paying Agents, which expression shall include any additional or successor paying agents), Citibank Europe 
plc as registrar (the Registrar, which expression shall include any successor registrar) and Citibank N.A., 
London Branch as transfer agent (together with the Registrar, the Transfer Agents, which expression shall 
include any additional or successor transfer agents). The Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent (if any 
is specified in the applicable Final Terms), the Registrar and the Paying Agents and other Transfer Agents 
together referred to as the Agents. 
The final terms for this Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Final Terms 
attached to or endorsed on this Note which supplement these Terms and Conditions (the Conditions). 
References to the applicable Final Terms are, unless otherwise stated, to Part A of the Final Terms (or the 
relevant provisions thereof) attached to or endorsed on this Note. The expression Prospectus Regulation 
means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.

--- Page 70 ---
70 
 
 
Interest bearing definitive Bearer Notes have interest coupons (Coupons) and, in the case of Bearer Notes 
which, when issued in definitive form, have more than 27 interest payments remaining, talons for further 
Coupons (Talons) attached on issue. Any reference herein to Coupons or coupons shall, unless the context 
otherwise requires, be deemed to include a reference to Talons. Registered Notes and Global Notes do not 
have Coupons or Talons attached on issue. 
The Trustee acts for the benefit of the Noteholders (which expression shall mean (in the case of Bearer Notes) 
the holders of the Notes and (in the case of Registered Notes) the persons in whose name the Notes are 
registered and shall, in relation to any Notes represented by a Global Note, be construed as provided below) 
and the holders of the Coupons (the Couponholders, which expression shall, unless the context otherwise 
requires, include the holders of the Talons), in accordance with the provisions of the Trust Deed. 
As used herein, Tranche means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and admission 
to trading) and Series means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or Tranches of Notes which 
(a) are expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (b) have the same terms and conditions or 
terms and conditions which are the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of 
interest thereon and the date from which interest starts to accrue. 
Copies of the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement (i) are available for inspection or collection during normal 
business hours at the principal office for the time being of the Trustee being at Citigroup Centre, Canada 
Square, Canary Wharf E14 5LB, United Kingdom and at the specified office of each of the Paying Agents or 
(ii) may be provided by email to a Noteholder following their prior written request to the Trustee or any Paying 
Agent and provision of proof of holding and identity (in a form satisfactory to the Trustee or the relevant 
Paying Agent, as the case may be). If the Notes are to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of 
Euronext Dublin the applicable Final Terms will be published on the website of the Central Bank of Ireland. 
The Noteholders and the Couponholders are bound by and deemed to have notice of, and are entitled to the 
benefit of, all the provisions of the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement and the applicable Final Terms which 
are applicable to them. The statements in the Conditions include summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed 
provisions of the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement. 
Words and expressions defined in the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement or used in the applicable Final Terms 
shall have the same meanings where used in the Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless 
otherwise stated and provided that, in the event of inconsistency between the Trust Deed and the Agency 
Agreement, the Trust Deed will prevail and, in the event of inconsistency between the Trust Deed or the 
Agency Agreement and the applicable Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms will prevail. 
In the Conditions, euro means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and 
monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended. 
1. 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
The Notes are in bearer form or in registered form as specified in the applicable Final Terms and, in 
the case of definitive Notes, serially numbered, in the currency (the Specified Currency) and the 
denominations (the Specified Denomination(s)) specified in the applicable Final Terms. Notes of one 
Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Notes of another Specified Denomination and 
Bearer Notes may not be exchanged for Registered Notes and vice versa. 
This Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note or a Zero Coupon Note, or a combination 
of any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the applicable Final Terms. 
Definitive Bearer Notes are issued with Coupons attached, unless they are Zero Coupon Notes in 
which case references to Coupons and Couponholders in the Conditions are not applicable.

--- Page 71 ---
71 
 
 
Subject as set out below, title to the Bearer Notes and Coupons will pass by delivery and title to the 
Registered Notes will pass upon registration of transfers in accordance with the provisions of the 
Agency Agreement. The relevant Issuer, the Guarantor, the Trustee and any Agent will (except as 
otherwise required by law) deem and treat the bearer of any Bearer Note or Coupon and the registered 
holder of any Registered Note as the absolute owner thereof (whether or not overdue and 
notwithstanding any notice of ownership or writing thereon or notice of any previous loss or theft 
thereof) for all purposes but, in the case of any Global Note, without prejudice to the provisions set 
out in the next succeeding paragraph. 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a Global Note held on behalf of Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV (Euroclear) and/or Clearstream Banking S.A. (Clearstream, Luxembourg), each person 
(other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown in the records of 
Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular nominal amount of such Notes 
(in which regard any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
as to the nominal amount of such Notes standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive and 
binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall be treated by the relevant Issuer, the 
Guarantor, the Trustee and the Agents as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes for all 
purposes other than with respect to the payment of principal or interest on such nominal amount of 
such Notes, for which purpose the bearer of the relevant Bearer Global Note or the registered holder 
of the relevant Registered Global Note shall be treated by the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor, the 
Trustee and any Agent as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes in accordance with and 
subject to the terms of the relevant Global Note and the expressions Noteholder and holder of Notes 
and related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
In determining whether a particular person is entitled to a particular nominal amount of Notes as 
aforesaid, the Trustee may rely on such evidence and/or information and/or certification as it shall, in 
its absolute discretion, think fit and, if it does so rely, such evidence and/or information and/or 
certification shall, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive and binding on all concerned. 
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will be transferable only in accordance with the rules 
and procedures for the time being of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
References to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, be 
deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in Part B of 
the applicable Final Terms. 
2. 
TRANSFERS OF REGISTERED NOTES  
2.1 
Transfers of interests in Registered Global Notes 
Transfers of beneficial interests in Registered Global Notes will be effected by Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, and, in turn, by other participants and, if appropriate, 
indirect participants in such clearing systems acting on behalf of transferors and transferees of such 
interests. A beneficial interest in a Registered Global Note will, subject to compliance with all 
applicable legal and regulatory restrictions, be transferable for Notes in definitive form or for a 
beneficial interest in another Registered Global Note of the same series only in the authorised 
denominations set out in the applicable Final Terms and only in accordance with the rules and 
operating procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may 
be, and in accordance with the terms and conditions specified in the Trust Deed and the Agency 
Agreement.   
2.2 
Transfers of Registered Notes in definitive form 
Subject as provided in paragraph 2.3, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Trust 
Deed and the Agency Agreement, a Registered Note in definitive form may be transferred in whole or

--- Page 72 ---
72 
 
 
in part (in the authorised denominations set out in the applicable Final Terms). In order to effect any 
such transfer (a) the holder or holders must (i) surrender the Registered Note for registration of the 
transfer of the Registered Note (or the relevant part of the Registered Note) at the specified office of 
any Transfer Agent, with the form of transfer thereon duly executed by the holder or holders thereof 
or their attorney or attorneys duly authorised in writing and (ii) complete and deposit such other 
certifications as may be required by the relevant Transfer Agent and (b) the relevant Transfer Agent 
must, after due and careful enquiry, be satisfied with the documents of title and the identity of the 
person making the request. Any such transfer will be subject to such reasonable regulations as the 
relevant Issuer, the Trustee and the Registrar may from time to time prescribe (the initial such 
regulations being set out in Schedule 3 to the Agency Agreement). Subject as provided above, the 
relevant Transfer Agent will, within three business days (being for this purpose a day on which banks 
are open for business in the city where the specified office of the relevant Transfer Agent is located) 
of the request (or such longer period as may be required to comply with any applicable fiscal or other 
laws or regulations), authenticate and deliver, or procure the authentication and delivery of, at its 
specified office to the transferee or (at the risk of the transferee) send by uninsured mail, to such 
address as the transferee may request, a new Registered Note in definitive form of a like aggregate 
nominal amount to the Registered Note (or the relevant part of the Registered Note) transferred. In the 
case of the transfer of part only of a Registered Note in definitive form, a new Registered Note in 
definitive form in respect of the balance of the Registered Note not transferred will be so authenticated 
and delivered or (at the risk of the transferor) sent to the transferor. 
2.3 
Registration of transfer upon partial redemption 
In the event of a partial redemption of Notes under Condition 7 (Redemption and Purchase), the 
relevant Issuer shall not be required to register the transfer of any Registered Note, or part of a 
Registered Note, called for partial redemption. 
2.4 
Costs of registration 
Noteholders will not be required to bear the costs and expenses of effecting any registration of transfer 
as provided above, except for any costs or expenses of delivery other than by regular uninsured mail 
and except that the relevant Issuer may require the payment of a sum sufficient to cover any stamp 
duty, tax or other governmental charge that may be imposed in relation to the registration. 
3. 
STATUS OF THE NOTES AND THE GUARANTEE 
3.1 
Status of the Notes 
The Notes and any relative Coupons are direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject to the 
provisions of Condition 4 (Negative Pledge) unsecured obligations of the relevant Issuer and (subject 
as aforesaid) rank pari passu, without any preference among themselves, with all other outstanding 
unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the relevant Issuer, present and future, but, in the event 
of insolvency, only to the extent permitted by applicable laws relating to creditors’ rights. 
3.2 
Status of the Guarantee 
The payment of principal and interest (if any) in respect of the Notes and all other moneys payable by 
MGF under or pursuant to the Trust Deed has been unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by the 
Guarantor in the Trust Deed (the Guarantee). The obligations of the Guarantor under the Guarantee 
are direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject to the provisions of Condition 4 (Negative 
Pledge) unsecured obligations of the Guarantor and (subject as aforesaid) rank equally with all other 
outstanding unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Guarantor, present and future, but, in the 
event of insolvency, only to the extent permitted by applicable laws relating to creditors’ rights.

--- Page 73 ---
73 
 
 
4. 
NEGATIVE PLEDGE 
4.1 
Negative Pledge 
So long as any of the Notes remains outstanding (as defined in the Trust Deed), neither the relevant 
Issuer nor the Guarantor will, and the relevant Issuer and the Guarantor will ensure that none of their 
respective Subsidiaries (as defined below) will, create or have outstanding any mortgage, charge, lien, 
pledge or other security interest (including, without limitation, anything analogous to the foregoing 
under the laws of any relevant jurisdiction) (each a Security Interest) upon, or with respect to, any of 
the present or future business, undertaking, assets or revenues (including any uncalled capital) of the 
relevant Issuer and/or the Guarantor to secure any Relevant Indebtedness or guarantee of Relevant 
Indebtedness (each as defined below), unless the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case may be), 
in the case of the creation of a Security Interest, before or at the same time and, in any other case, 
promptly, takes any and all action necessary to ensure that:  
(a) 
all amounts payable by it under the Notes, the Coupons and the Trust Deed or, as the case may 
be, the Guarantee are secured by the Security Interest(s) equally and rateably with the Relevant 
Indebtedness to the satisfaction of the Trustee; or 
(b) 
such other security or other arrangement (whether or not it includes the giving of a Security 
Interest) is provided either (i) as the Trustee in its absolute discretion considers not materially 
less beneficial to the interests of the Noteholders or (ii) as is approved by an Extraordinary 
Resolution (as defined in the Trust Deed) of the Noteholders.  
4.2 
Interpretation 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
guarantee means, in relation to any Relevant Indebtedness of any Person, any obligation of another 
Person to pay such Relevant Indebtedness including (without limitation): 
(i) 
any obligation to purchase such Relevant Indebtedness; 
(ii) 
any obligation to lend money, to purchase or subscribe shares or other securities or to purchase 
assets or services in order to provide funds for the payment of such Relevant Indebtedness; 
(iii) 
any indemnity against the consequences of a default in the payment of such Relevant 
Indebtedness; and 
(iv) 
any other agreement to be responsible for such Relevant Indebtedness; 
Relevant Indebtedness means any borrowings of any Person having an original maturity of more 
than one year in the form of or represented by bonds, notes, debentures, debenture stock, loan stock, 
certificates or other debt securities (not comprising, for the avoidance of doubt, preference shares or 
other equity securities): 
(i) 
where more than 50 per cent. in aggregate principal amount of such bonds, notes, debentures, 
debenture stock, loan stock, certificates or other debt securities (not comprising, for the 
avoidance of doubt, preference shares or other equity securities) are initially offered outside 
Hungary by or with the authorisation of the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor, as the case may 
be; and 
(ii) 
which are or are intended to be or are capable of being listed, quoted or traded on any stock 
exchange, over-the-counter or other organised market for securities (whether or not initially 
distributed by way of private placing);

--- Page 74 ---
74 
 
 
Person means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, association, 
organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having separate legal personality; 
and 
a company shall be a Subsidiary of another company (the Parent Company) if (i) the Parent 
Company holds a majority of the voting rights in the relevant company or (ii) the Parent Company is 
a member and has the right to appoint or remove a majority of the board of directors of the relevant 
company or (iii) the Parent Company is a member and controls a majority of the voting rights of the 
relevant company, and includes any company which is a Subsidiary of a Subsidiary.  
5. 
INTEREST 
5.1 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the 
rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest. Interest will be payable in arrear on the Interest 
Payment Date(s) in each year up to (and including) the Maturity Date. 
If the Notes are in definitive form, except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the amount of 
interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Fixed Interest Period ending on (but 
excluding) such date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount. Payments of interest on any Interest 
Payment Date will, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, amount to the Broken Amount so 
specified. 
As used in the Conditions, Fixed Interest Period means the period from (and including) an Interest 
Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest 
Payment Date. 
Except in the case of Notes in definitive form where an applicable Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken 
Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms, interest shall be calculated in respect of any period 
by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(a) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are (i) represented by a Global Note or (ii) Registered 
Notes in definitive form, the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of (A) the Fixed Rate 
Notes represented by such Global Note or (B) such Registered Notes (or, in each case, if they 
are Partly Paid Notes, the aggregate amount paid up); or 
(b) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are Bearer Notes in definitive form, the Calculation 
Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction. 
The resultant figure (including after application of any Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount, as 
applicable, to the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of Fixed Rate Notes which are Registered 
Notes in definitive form or the Calculation Amount in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are Bearer 
Notes in definitive form) shall be rounded to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, 
half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market 
convention.   
Where the Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note which is a Bearer Note in definitive form is 
a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the amount of interest payable in respect of such Fixed Rate 
Note shall be the product of the amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation 
Amount and the amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified 
Denomination, without any further rounding.

--- Page 75 ---
75 
 
 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest, in accordance with 
this Condition 5.1: 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from (and 
including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (the Accrual 
Period) is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which the Accrual 
Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual Period divided by the product of (1) 
the number of days in such Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination 
Dates (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) that would occur in one calendar 
year; or 
(B) 
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination Period 
during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(1) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination Period 
in which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (x) the number 
of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination 
Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(2) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates that would occur in one 
calendar year; and 
(ii) 
if “30/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the period from 
(and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (such number of days 
being calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months) divided by 360. 
In these Conditions: 
Determination Period means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but 
excluding) the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement Date or 
the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first 
Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such date); and 
sub-unit means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that 
is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, one cent. 
5.2 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(a) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and 
such interest will be payable in arrear on either: 
(i) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
or 
(ii) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final Terms, each 
date (each such date, together with each Specified Interest Payment Date, an Interest 
Payment Date) which falls the number of months or other period specified as the Specified

--- Page 76 ---
76 
 
 
Period in the applicable Final Terms after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case 
of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period. In these Conditions, Interest Period 
means the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) 
to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date or the relevant payment date if the Notes 
become payable on a date other than an Interest Payment Date. 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there is no 
numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date should occur 
or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then, 
if the Business Day Convention specified is: 
(A) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with Condition 5.2(a) 
(Interest - Interest on Floating Rate Notes – Interest Payment Dates – (ii)) above, the Floating 
Rate Convention, such Interest Payment Date (a) in the case of (x) above, shall be the last day 
that is a Business Day in the relevant month and the provisions of (ii) below shall apply mutatis 
mutandis or (b) in the case of (y) above, shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business 
Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (i) such Interest 
Payment Date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and (ii) 
each subsequent Interest Payment Date shall be the last Business Day in the month which falls 
the Specified Period after the preceding applicable Interest Payment Date occurred; or 
(B) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be postponed to 
the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(C) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next 
calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(D) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward 
to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
In these Conditions, Business Day means: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
London and each Additional Business Centre (other than T2) specified in the applicable Final 
Terms;  
(b) 
if T2 is specified as an Additional Business Centre in the applicable Final Terms, a day on 
which the Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross Settlement Express Transfer System 
or any successor or replacement for that system (T2) is open; and 
(c) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the 
principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which if the 
Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and 
Auckland, respectively) or (2) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which T2 is 
open. 
(b) 
Rate of Interest

--- Page 77 ---
77 
 
 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes will be determined in 
the manner specified below. 
(i) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes not referencing Compounded Daily 
SONIA or Compounded Daily SOFR  
Where the Reference Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being a reference rate 
other than Compounded Daily SONIA or Compounded Daily SOFR, the Rate of Interest for 
each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be either: 
(A) 
the offered quotation; or 
(B) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate (being EURIBOR) which 
appears or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page (or such replacement page 
on that service which displays the information) as at 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the Interest 
Determination Date in question plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the 
Margin (if any), all as determined by the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as 
applicable. If five or more of such offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen 
Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, one only of such 
quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one only of 
such quotations) shall be disregarded by the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, 
as applicable, for the purpose of determining the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) 
of such offered quotations. 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of (A) above, no offered quotation 
appears or, in the case of (B) above, fewer than three offered quotations appear, in each case 
as at 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time), the relevant Issuer shall request each of the Reference Banks 
to provide the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, with its offered 
quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate at approximately 
11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the Interest Determination Date in question. If two or more of 
the Reference Banks provide the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as 
applicable, with offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for the Interest Period shall be the 
arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards) of the offered quotations plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), all as 
determined by the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable.   
If on any Interest Determination Date one only or none of the Reference Banks provides the 
Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, with an offered quotation as 
provided in the preceding paragraph, the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period shall 
be the rate per annum which the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as 
applicable, determines as being the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal 
place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the rates, as communicated to the Principal 
Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, at the request of the relevant Issuer, by 
the Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at which such banks were offered, at 
approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the relevant Interest Determination Date, 
deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for 
the Reference Rate by leading banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market plus or minus (as 
appropriate) the Margin (if any) or, if fewer than two of the Reference Banks provide the 
Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, with offered rates, the offered 
rate for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been 
used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of the offered

--- Page 78 ---
78 
 
 
rates for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been 
used for the Reference Rate, at which, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or more banks (which bank or banks is or are 
in the opinion of the relevant Issuer suitable for the purpose) informs the Principal Paying 
Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, it is quoting to leading banks in the Euro-zone 
inter-bank market plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), provided that, if the Rate 
of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, 
the Rate of Interest shall be determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date 
(though substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period 
from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the 
relevant Interest Period in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period). 
As used herein, Reference Banks means the principal Euro-zone office of four major banks 
in the Euro-zone inter-bank market, selected by the relevant Issuer.  
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be 
deemed to be zero. 
(ii) 
 Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded Daily 
SONIA 
(A) 
Where the Reference Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Compounded 
Daily SONIA, the Rate of Interest for an Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be 
Compounded Daily SONIA with respect to such Interest Period plus or minus (as indicated in 
the applicable Final Terms) the applicable Margin (if any), all as determined and calculated 
by the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable. 
Compounded Daily SONIA means, with respect to an Interest Period,  
I. 
if Index Determination is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
the rate determined by the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as 
applicable, on the relevant Interest Determination Date in accordance with the 
following formula (and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the 
fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards): 
( 𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴 𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝐸𝑛𝑑
𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴 𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑆𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑡
 1) × 365
𝑑 
where: 
SONIA Compounded IndexStart is the SONIA Compounded Index value for the day 
falling p London Banking Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Period; 
SONIA Compounded IndexEnd is the SONIA Compounded Index value for the day 
falling p London Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for the relevant 
Interest Period or such other date on which the relevant payment of interest falls due 
(but which by its definition or the operation of the relevant provisions is excluded 
from such Interest Period); 
d is the number of calendar days in the relevant SONIA Observation Period; 
provided that if the SONIA Compounded Index value required to determine SONIA 
Compounded IndexStart or SONIA Compounded IndexEnd does not appear on the 
Relevant Screen Page or, if not so published or the Relevant Screen Page is

--- Page 79 ---
79 
 
 
unavailable, the Bank of England’s Interactive Statistical Database (or any successor 
source on which the compounded daily SONIA rate is published by the Bank of 
England (or any successor administrator of SONIA)), at the Specified Time on the 
relevant London Banking Day (or by 5:00 p.m. London time or such later time falling 
one hour after the customary or scheduled time for publication of the SONIA 
Compounded Index in accordance with the then-prevailing operational procedures of 
the administrator of the SONIA Reference Rate or SONIA authorised distributors, as 
the case may be), then Compounded Daily SONIA for such Interest Period and each 
subsequent Interest Period for which the SONIA Compounded Index value is not 
available shall be “Compounded Daily SONIA” determined in accordance with 
paragraph II below as if Index Determination were specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as being not applicable and for these purposes the “SONIA Observation 
Method” shall be deemed to be “Shift”; or 
II. 
if either (x) Index Determination is specified as being not applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, or (y) this Condition 5.2(b)(ii)(A)II applies to such Interest Period 
pursuant to the proviso in Condition 5.2(b)(ii)(A)I above, the rate determined by the 
Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date in accordance with the following formula (and the resulting 
percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards): 
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴𝑖𝑝𝐿𝐵𝐷 × 𝑛𝑖
365
) −1
𝑑𝑜
𝑖=1
] × 365
𝑑 
where: 
d is the number of calendar days in (where in the applicable Final Terms “Lag” is 
specified as the SONIA Observation Method) the relevant Interest Period or (where 
in the applicable Final Terms “Shift” is specified as the SONIA Observation Method) 
the relevant SONIA Observation Period; 
do is the number of London Banking Days in (where in the applicable Final Terms 
“Lag” is specified as the SONIA Observation Method) the relevant Interest Period or 
(where in the applicable Final Terms “Shift” is specified as the SONIA Observation 
Method) the relevant SONIA Observation Period; 
i is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant London 
Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the first London Banking 
Day in (where in the applicable Final Terms “Lag” is specified as the SONIA 
Observation Method) the relevant Interest Period or (where in the applicable Final 
Terms “Shift” is specified as the SONIA Observation Method) the relevant SONIA 
Observation Period; 
ni, for any London Banking Day “i”, is the number of calendar days from (and 
including) such London Banking Day “i” up to (but excluding) the following London 
Banking Day; 
SONIAi-pLBD means: 
(a) 
where in the applicable Final Terms “Lag” is specified as the SONIA 
Observation Method, in respect of any London Banking Day “i” falling in the 
relevant Interest Period, the SONIA Reference Rate for the London Banking

--- Page 80 ---
80 
 
 
Day falling p London Banking Days prior to such London Banking Day “i”; 
or 
(b) 
where in the applicable Final Terms “Shift” is specified as the SONIA 
Observation Method, “SONIAi-pLBD” shall be replaced in the above formula 
with SONIAi, where “SONIAi” means, in respect of any London Banking 
Day “i” falling in the relevant SONIA Observation Period, the SONIA 
Reference Rate for such London Banking Day “i”. 
(B) 
In the event that Compounded Daily SONIA for any Interest Period cannot be determined by 
the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, in accordance with the 
foregoing provisions, the Rate of Interest shall be: 
I. 
determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, 
where a different Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or the Minimum Rate of 
Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the 
last preceding Interest Period, the Margin, the Maximum Rate of Interest and/or 
Minimum Rate of Interest (as the case may be) relating to the relevant Interest Period, 
in place of the Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest 
(as applicable) relating to that last preceding Interest Period); or 
II. 
if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest 
which would have been applicable to such Series of Notes for the first scheduled 
Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the first 
scheduled Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement 
Date (and applying the Margin and, if applicable, any Maximum Rate of Interest 
and/or Minimum Rate of Interest, applicable to the first scheduled Interest Period), 
in each case as determined by the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as 
applicable. 
(C) 
For the purposes of this Condition 5.2(b)(ii): 
London Banking Day or LBD means any day on which commercial banks are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
London; 
p means the number of London Banking Days included in the SONIA Observation Look-Back 
Period, as specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, if no such number is so specified, five 
London Banking Days); 
SONIA has the meaning given to such term in the definition of SONIA Reference Rate; 
SONIA Compounded Index means, in respect of any London Banking Day, the value of the 
SONIA Compounded Index as such value appears on the Relevant Screen Page or, if not so 
published or the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as published on the Bank of England’s 
Interactive Statistical Database (or any successor source on which the compounded daily 
SONIA rate is published by the Bank of England (or a successor administrator of SONIA)) at 
the Specified Time on such London Banking Day;  
SONIA Observation Look-Back Period means the period specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms;

--- Page 81 ---
81 
 
 
SONIA Observation Period means, in respect of any Interest Period, the period from (and 
including) the date falling p London Banking Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest 
Period to (but excluding) the date falling p London Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment 
Date for such Interest Period or such other date on which the relevant payment of interest falls 
due (but which by its definition or the operation of the relevant provisions is excluded from 
such Interest Period); 
SONIA Reference Rate means, in respect of any London Banking Day, the daily Sterling 
Overnight Index Average (SONIA) rate for such London Banking Day as provided by the 
Bank of England (or a successor administrator of SONIA) to authorised distributors (the 
SONIA authorised distributors) and as then published on the Relevant Screen Page (or, if 
the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by the SONIA authorised 
distributors) on the London Banking Day immediately following such London Banking Day, 
provided that if, in respect of any London Banking Day, the applicable SONIA Reference 
Rate is not made available on the Relevant Screen Page (or has not otherwise been published 
by the SONIA authorised distributors) by 5.00 p.m, London time, then (unless the Principal 
Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, has been notified of any Successor Rate 
or Alternative Rate (and any related Adjustment Spread and/or Benchmark Amendments) 
pursuant to Condition 5.4 below, if applicable) the SONIA Reference Rate in respect of such 
London Banking Day shall be: 
I. 
the sum of (i) the Bank of England’s Bank Rate (the Bank Rate) prevailing at 5.00 
p.m. London time (or, if earlier, close of business) on such London Banking Day; and 
(ii) the mean of the spread of the SONIA Reference Rate to the Bank Rate over the 
previous five London Banking Days on which a SONIA Reference Rate has been 
published, excluding the highest spread (or, if there is more than one highest spread, 
one only of those highest spreads) and the lowest spread (or, if there is more than one 
lowest spread, one only of those lowest spreads); or  
II. 
if the Bank Rate described in sub-clause I above is not available at such time on such 
London Banking Day, the SONIA Reference Rate published on the Relevant Screen 
Page (or otherwise published by the SONIA authorised distributors) for the first 
preceding London Banking Day on which the SONIA Reference Rate was published 
on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the SONIA authorised 
distributors); and 
Specified Time means 10:00 a.m., London time, or such other time as is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
(iii) 
Screen Rate Determination for Flotating Rate Notes referencing Compounded Daily SOFR 
(A) 
Where the Reference Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Compounded 
Daily SOFR, the Rate of Interest for an Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be 
Compounded Daily SOFR with respect to such Interest Period plus or minus (as indicated in 
the applicable Final Terms) the applicable Margin (if any), all as determined by the Principal 
Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable. 
Compounded Daily SOFR means, with respect to an Interest Period, 
I. 
if Index Determination is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
the rate determined by the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as 
applicable, on the relevant Interest Determination Date in accordance with the 
following formula (and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the 
fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards):

--- Page 82 ---
82 
 
 
( 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝐸𝑛𝑑
𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑆𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑡
− 1) × (365
𝑑)  
where: 
d is the number of calendar days in the relevant SOFR Observation Period; 
SOFR IndexEnd is the SOFR Index value for the day falling p U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for the relevant Interest 
Period or such other date on which the relevant payment of interest falls due (but 
which by its definition or the operation of the relevant provisions is excluded from 
such Interest Period); 
SOFR IndexStart is the SOFR Index value for the day falling p U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Period; and 
provided that, if the SOFR Index value required to determine SOFR IndexStart or SOFR 
IndexEnd does not appear on the Relevant Screen Page or, if not so published or the 
Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, the SOFR Administrator’s Website at the 
Specified Time on the relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Day (or by 3:00 
pm New York City time on the immediately following U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day or such later time falling one hour after the customary or scheduled time 
for publication of the SOFR Index value in accordance with the then-prevailing 
operational procedures of the administrator of SOFR Index), “Compounded Daily 
SOFR” for such Interest Period and each Interest Period thereafter for which SOFR 
Index value is not available will be determined in accordance with Condition 
5.2(b)(iii)(A)II below as if Index Determination were specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as being not applicable; or 
II. 
if either (x) Index Determination is specified as being not applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, or (y) this Condition 5.2(b)(iii)(A)II applies to such Interest Period 
pursuant to the proviso in Condition 5.2(b)(iii)(A)I above, the rate determined by the 
Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date in accordance with the following formula (and the 
resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards): 
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅𝑖× 𝑛𝑖
360
)
𝑑0
𝑖=1
−1] × 360
𝑑 
where: 
d is the number of calendar days in the relevant SOFR Observation Period; 
d0 is the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days in the relevant SOFR 
Observation Period; 
i is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days in chronological order from, and including, the 
first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the relevant SOFR Observation 
Period;

--- Page 83 ---
83 
 
 
ni, for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day i”, in the relevant SOFR 
Observation Period, is the number of calendar days from (and including) such U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day “i” up to (but excluding) the following U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day; and 
SOFRi means, in respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” falling 
in the relevant SOFR Observation Period, the SOFR Reference Rate for such U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day. 
(B) 
If the SOFR Benchmark Replacement is at any time required to be used pursuant to paragraph 
(3) of the definition of SOFR Reference Rate, then the relevant Issuer or the SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement Agent, if any, will determine the SOFR Benchmark Replacement in accordance 
with the definition thereof with respect to the then-current SOFR Benchmark and, if the 
relevant Issuer or the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent has so determined the SOFR 
Benchmark Replacement, then: 
I. 
the relevant Issuer or the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent, as applicable, shall 
also determine the method for determining the rate described in sub-paragraph (a) of 
paragraph (1), (2) or (3) of the definition of SOFR Benchmark Replacement, as 
applicable (including (i) the page, section or other part of a particular information 
service on or source from which such rate appears or is obtained (the Alternative 
Relevant Source), (ii) the time at which such rate appears on, or is obtained from, the 
Alternative Relevant Source (the Alternative Specified Time), (iii) the day on which 
such rate will appear on, or is obtained from, the Relevant Source in respect of each 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day (the Alternative Relevant Date), and (iv) 
any alternative method for determining such rate if is unavailable at the Alternative 
Specified Time on the applicable Alternative Relevant Date), which method shall be 
consistent with industry-accepted practices for such rate; 
II. 
from (and including) the Affected Day, references to the Specified Time in these 
Conditions shall be deemed to be references to the Alternative Specified Time; 
III. 
if the relevant Issuer or the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent, as applicable, 
determines that (i) changes to the definitions of Business Day, Business Day 
Convention, Compounded Daily SOFR, Day Count Fraction, Interest Determination 
Date, Interest Payment Date, Interest Period, SOFR Observation Period, SOFR 
Observation Shift Period, SOFR Reference Rate or U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day and/or (ii) any other technical changes to any other provision in this 
Condition 5.2(b)(iii), are necessary in order to implement the SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement (including any alternative method described in sub-paragraph (iv) of 
paragraph I above) as the SOFR Benchmark in a manner substantially consistent with 
market practice (or, if the relevant Issuer or the SOFR Benchmark Replacement 
Agent, as the case may be, decides that adoption of any portion of such market 
practice is not administratively feasible or if the relevant Issuer or the SOFR 
Benchmark Replacement Agent, as the case may be, determines that no market 
practice for use of the SOFR Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner as 
the relevant Issuer or the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent, as the case may be, 
determines is reasonably necessary), the relevant Issuer or the SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement Agent, as the case may be, shall deliver to the Trustee, the Agents and 
the Calculation Agent (if any is specified in the applicable Final Terms) a certificate 
(a Modification Certificate) signed by two Directors of the relevant Issuer or the 
SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent certifying the necessary modifications (the 
Benchmark Modifications) to these Conditions, the Trust Deed and/or the Agency

--- Page 84 ---
84 
 
 
Agreement in order to provide for the amendment of such definitions or other 
provisions to reflect such changes;  
IV. 
the Trustee and the Agents shall be entitled to rely on any Modification Certificate 
without enquiry or liability to any person. The Trustee shall not be liable to the 
Noteholders, Couponholders or any other such person for so acting or relying on such 
certificate, irrespective of whether any such modification is or may be materially 
prejudicial to the interests of any such person.; 
V. 
subject to receipt by the Trustee and the Agents of a Modification Certificate, the 
Trustee and the Agents shall, at the direction and expense of the relevant Issuer, effect 
such Benchmark Modifications (including, inter alia, by the execution of a deed 
supplemental to or amending the Trust Deed and, if required, the Agency Agreement 
in a form which is acceptable to the Trustee, the Principal Paying Agent and/or the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable) and the Trustee and the Agents shall not be liable 
to any party for any consequences thereof; 
VI. 
the Trustee and the Agents shall not be required to effect any such Benchmark 
Modifications if the same would impose, in the Trustee's and the Agents’ reasonable 
opinion, more onerous obligations upon it or expose it to any additional duties, 
responsibilities or liabilities or reduce or amend its rights and/or the protective 
provisions afforded to it. For theavoidance of doubt, no Noteholder consent shall be 
required in connection with effecting these Benchmark Modifications or other such 
changes, including for the execution of any documents, amendments or other steps by 
the relevant Issuer, the Trustee or the Paying Agents (if required).; and 
VII. 
the relevant Issuer will give notice or will procure that notice is given as soon as 
practicable to the Trustee, the Principal Paying Agent and/or the Calculation Agent, 
as applicable, and to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices), 
specifying the SOFR Benchmark Replacement, as well as the details described in 
paragraph (A) above and the amendments implemented pursuant to paragraph III 
above.  
(C) 
For the purposes of this Condition 5.2(b)(iii): 
Corresponding Tenor means, with respect to a SOFR Benchmark Replacement, a tenor 
(including overnight) having approximately the same length (disregarding any applicable 
Business Day Convention) as the applicable tenor for the then-current SOFR Benchmark; 
ISDA Definitions means the 2021 ISDA Definitions published by ISDA or any successor 
thereto, as amended or supplemented from time to time, or any successor definitional booklet 
for interest rate derivatives published from time to time by ISDA; 
ISDA Fallback Adjustment means, with respect to any ISDA Fallback Rate, the spread 
adjustment, which may be a positive or negative value or zero, that would be applied to such 
ISDA Fallback Rate in the case of derivative transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions 
that will be effective upon the occurrence of an index cessation event with respect to the then-
current SOFR Benchmark for the applicable tenor; 
ISDA Fallback Rate means, with respect to the then-current SOFR Benchmark, the rate that 
would apply for derivative transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions that will be effective 
upon the occurrence of an index cessation date with respect to the then-current SOFR 
Benchmark for the applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment;

--- Page 85 ---
85 
 
 
p means the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days included in the SOFR 
Observation Shift Period, as specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, if no such number is 
so specified, two U.S. Government Securities Business Days); 
Relevant Governmental Body means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System 
and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened 
by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System and/or the Federal Reserve Bank 
of New York or any successor thereto; 
SOFR means, in respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the daily secured 
overnight financing rate for such U.S. Government Securities Business Day as provided by 
the SOFR Administrator; 
SOFR Administrator means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor 
administrator of SOFR or the SOFR Index, as applicable); 
SOFR Administrator’s Website means the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York, or any successor source; 
SOFR Benchmark means SOFR, provided that if a SOFR Benchmark Transition Event and 
its related SOFR Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to SOFR or such 
other then-current SOFR Benchmark, then “SOFR Benchmark” means the applicable SOFR 
Benchmark Replacement; 
SOFR Benchmark Replacement means, with respect to the then-current SOFR Benchmark, 
the first alternative set forth in the order presented below that can be determined by the 
relevant Issuer or the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent, if any, as of the SOFR 
Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the then-current SOFR Benchmark: 
(1) 
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected or recommended by 
the Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement for the then-current SOFR 
Benchmark for the applicable Corresponding Tenor and (b) the SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment; or 
(2) 
the sum of (a) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (b) the SOFR Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment; 
(3) 
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by the relevant Issuer 
or the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent, if any, as the replacement for the then-
current Benchmark for the applicable Corresponding Tenor and (b) the SOFR 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment, provided that, (i) if the relevant Issuer or the 
SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent, as the case may be, determines that there is 
an industry-accepted replacement rate of interest for the then-current Benchmark for 
U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate notes at such time, it shall select such industry-
accepted rate, and (ii) otherwise, it shall select such rate of interest that it has 
determined is most comparable to the then-current Benchmark, and the SOFR 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
SOFR Benchmark Replacement Adjustment means, with respect to any Benchmark 
Replacement, the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be determined by the 
relevant Issuer or the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent, if any, as of the SOFR 
Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the then-current Benchmark:

--- Page 86 ---
86 
 
 
(1) 
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread 
adjustment, which may be a positive or negative value or zero, that has been selected 
or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for the applicable Unadjusted 
Benchmark Replacement; 
(2) 
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to the ISDA 
Fallback Rate, the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; 
(3) 
the spread adjustment, which may be a positive or negative value or zero, that has 
been selected by the relevant Issuer or the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent, if 
any, to be applied to the applicable Unadjusted SOFR Benchmark Replacement in 
order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable under the 
circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to Noteholders as a 
result of the replacement of the then-current SOFR Benchmark with such Unadjusted 
SOFR Benchmark Replacement for the purposes of determining the SOFR Reference 
Rate, which spread adjustment shall be consistent with any industry-accepted spread 
adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, applied 
to such Unadjusted SOFR Benchmark Replacement where it has replaced the then-
current SOFR Benchmark for U.S. dollar denominated floating rate notes at such 
time; 
SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent means any person that has been appointed by the 
relevant Issuer to make the calculations and determinations to be made by the SOFR 
Benchmark Replacement Agent described in this Condition 5.2(b)(iii) that may be made by 
either the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent or the relevant Issuer, so long as such person 
is a leading bank or other financial institution or a person with appropriate expertise, in each 
case that is experienced in such calculations and determinations. The relevant Issuer may elect, 
but is not required, to appoint a SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent at any time. The 
relevant Issuer will notify the Noteholders of any such appointment in accordance with 
Condition 14 (Notices); 
SOFR Benchmark Replacement Date means, with respect to the then-current SOFR 
Benchmark, the earliest to occur of the following events with respect thereto: 
(1) 
in the case of sub-paragraph (1) or (2) of the definition of SOFR Benchmark 
Transition Event, the later of (a) the date of the public statement or publication of 
information referenced therein and (b) the date on which the administrator of the 
SOFR Benchmark permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide the SOFR 
Benchmark; or 
(2) 
in the case of sub-paragraph (3) of the definition of SOFR Benchmark Transition 
Event, the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced 
therein. 
If the event giving rise to the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Date occurs on the same day as, 
but earlier than, the Specified Time in respect of any determination, the SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the Specified Time for such 
determination; 
SOFR Benchmark Transition Event means, with respect to the then-current SOFR 
Benchmark, the occurrence of one or more of the following events with respect thereto: 
(1) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator 
of the SOFR Benchmark announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease

--- Page 87 ---
87 
 
 
to provide the SOFR Benchmark, permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the 
time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will 
continue to provide the SOFR Benchmark; 
(2) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the SOFR Benchmark, the central bank for the currency of the SOFR 
Benchmark, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for the 
SOFR Benchmark, a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for 
the SOFR Benchmark or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution 
authority over the administrator for the SOFR Benchmark, which states that the 
administrator of the SOFR Benchmark has ceased or will cease to provide the SOFR 
Benchmark permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement 
or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the 
SOFR Benchmark; or 
(3) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the SOFR Benchmark announcing that the SOFR Benchmark is no 
longer representative; 
SOFR Index means, in respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the SOFR 
index value as published by the SOFR Administrator on the Relevant Screen Page or, if not 
so published or the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, on the SOFR Administrator’s 
Website at the Specified Time on such U.S. Government Securities Business Day; 
SOFR Observation Period means, in respect of any Interest Period, the period from (and 
including) the date falling “p” U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the first 
day of such Interest Period to (but excluding) the date falling “p” U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period or such other date 
on which the relevant payment of interest falls due (but which by its definition or the operation 
of the relevant provisions is excluded from such Interest Period); and 
SOFR Observation Shift Period is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
SOFR Reference Rate means, in respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business Day: 
(1) 
a rate equal to SOFR for such U.S. Government Securities Business Day appearing 
on the SOFR Administrator’s Website on or about the Specified Time on the U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day immediately following such U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day; or 
(2) 
if SOFR in respect of such U.S. Government Securities Business Day does not appear 
as specified in paragraph (1) above, unless the relevant Issuer or the SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement Agent, if any, determines that a SOFR Benchmark Transition Event and 
its related SOFR Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to SOFR 
on or prior to the Specified Time on the U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
immediately following such U.S. Government Securities Business Day, SOFR in 
respect of the last U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which such rate was 
published on the SOFR Administrator’s Website; or 
(3) 
if the relevant Issuer or SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent, if any, determines that 
a SOFR Benchmark Transition Event and its related SOFR Benchmark Replacement 
Date have occurred with respect to the then-current SOFR Benchmark on or prior to 
the Specified Time on the U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately 
following such U.S. Government Securities Business Day (or, if the then-current

--- Page 88 ---
88 
 
 
SOFR Benchmark is not SOFR, on or prior to the Specified Time on the Alternative 
Relevant Date), then (subject to the subsequent operation of this paragraph (3)) from 
(and including) the U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately following 
such U.S. Government Securities Business Day (or the Alternative Relevant Date, as 
applicable) (the Affected Day), SOFR Reference Rate shall mean, in respect of any 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the applicable SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement for such U.S. Government Securities Business Day appearing on, or 
obtained from, the Alternative Relevant Source at the Alternative Specified Time on 
the Alternative Relevant Date; 
Specified Time means 3:00 p.m., New York City time or such other time as is specified in 
the applicable Final Terms; 
Unadjusted SOFR Benchmark Replacement means the SOFR Benchmark Replacement 
excluding the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; and 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day means any day, (other than a Saturday or Sunday) 
that is not a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association or any 
successor organisation recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be 
closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities. 
(D) 
Notwithstanding the other provisions of this Condition 5.2(b), in the event the SOFR 
Benchmark Replacement Agent determines it appropriate, in its sole discretion, to consult 
with an Independent Adviser in connection with any determination to be made by the SOFR 
Benchmark Replacement Agent pursuant to this Condition 5.2(b), the relevant Issuer shall use 
its reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably 
practicable, for the purposes of any such consultation. 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 5.2(b) shall act in good faith in 
a commercially reasonable manner but shall have no relationship of agency or trust with the 
Noteholders and (in the absence of fraud) shall have no liability whatsoever to the SOFR 
Benchmark Replacement Agent, the Trustee, the Principal Paying Agent and/or the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable, or the Noteholders or the Couponholders for any 
determination made by it or for any advice given to the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent 
in connection with any determination made by the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent 
pursuant to this Condition 5.2(b)(iii) or otherwise in connection with the Notes. 
If the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent consults with an Independent Adviser as to the 
occurrence of any SOFR Benchmark Transition Event and/or the related SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement Date, a written determination of that Independent Adviser in respect thereof shall 
be conclusive and binding on all parties, save in the case of manifest error, and (in the absence 
of fraud) the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent shall have no liability whatsoever to the 
Trustee, the Principal Paying Agent and/or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, any 
Noteholders or Couponholders in respect of anything done, or omitted to be done, in relation 
to that matter in accordance with any such written determination or otherwise in connection 
with the Notes. 
(E) 
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the relevant Issuer or the SOFR 
Benchmark Replacement Agent, if any, pursuant to this Condition 5.2(b)(iii), including any 
determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-
occurrence of an event (including any determination that a SOFR Benchmark Transition Event 
and its related SOFR Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to the then-
current SOFR Benchmark), circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from 
taking any action or any selection, will be made in the sole discretion of the relevant Issuer or

--- Page 89 ---
89 
 
 
the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent, as the case may be, acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner. 
(c) 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in the 
event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with the 
provisions of paragraph (b) above is less than such Minimum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for 
such Interest Period shall be such Minimum Rate of Interest. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in 
the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with the 
provisions of paragraph (b) above is greater than such Maximum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest 
for such Interest Period shall be such Maximum Rate of Interest. 
(d) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will at or as soon as practicable 
after each time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, determine the Rate of Interest for the 
relevant Interest Period.   
The Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will calculate the amount of 
interest (the Interest Amount) payable on the Floating Rate Notes for the relevant Interest Period by 
applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(i) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are (i) represented by a Global Note or (ii) Registered 
Notes in definitive form, the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of (A) the Notes 
represented by such Global Note or (B) such Registered Notes (or, in each case, if they are 
Partly Paid Notes, the aggregate amount paid up); or 
(ii) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are Bearer Notes in definitive form, the Calculation 
Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit 
being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. Where the 
Specified Denomination of a Floating Rate Note which is a Bearer Note in definitive form is a multiple 
of the Calculation Amount, the Interest Amount payable in respect of such Note shall be the product 
of the amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount 
by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination without any 
further rounding. 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance with 
this Condition 5.2: 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual (ISDA)” or “Actual/Actual” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Interest 
Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (I) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Interest Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (II) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Interest Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 365;

--- Page 90 ---
90 
 
 
(iii) 
if “Actual/365 (Sterling)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date falling in a 
leap year, 366; 
(iv) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360; 
(v) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = [ 
[360 × (𝑌2 − 𝑌1)] + [30 × (𝑀2 − 𝑀1)] + (𝐷2 − 𝐷1)
360
] 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of 
the Interest Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such number 
is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case 
D2 will be 30; 
(vi) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = [ 
[360 × (𝑌2 − 𝑌1)] + [30 × (𝑀2 − 𝑀1)] + (𝐷2 − 𝐷1)
360
] 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of 
the Interest Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and

--- Page 91 ---
91 
 
 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vii) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = [ 
[360 × (𝑌2 − 𝑌1)] + [30 × (𝑀2 − 𝑀1)] + (𝐷2 − 𝐷1)
360
] 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of 
the Interest Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless (i) that day 
is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date or 
(ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
(e) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the Principal Paying 
Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two 
rates based on the relevant Reference Rate, one of which shall be determined as if the Designated 
Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the 
relevant Interest Period and the other of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were 
the period of time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest 
Period provided however that if there is no rate available for a period of time next shorter or, as the 
case may be, next longer, then the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, 
shall determine such rate at such time and by reference to such sources notified to it by the relevant 
Issuer.  
Designated Maturity means the period of time designated in the Reference Rate. 
(f) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
The Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will cause the Rate of Interest and 
each Interest Amount for each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to 
the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor, the Trustee and any stock exchange on which the relevant Floating 
Rate Notes are for the time being listed and notice thereof to be published in accordance with 
Condition 14 (Notices) as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than the fourth 
London Business Day thereafter. Each Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date so notified may 
subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment)

--- Page 92 ---
92 
 
 
without prior notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. Any such 
amendment will promptly be notified to each stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate 
Notes are for the time being listed and to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices). 
For the purposes of this paragraph, the expression London Business Day means a day (other than a 
Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for general business in 
London.  
(g) 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and decisions 
given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 5.2 (Interest - 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes) by the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, 
shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) be binding on the relevant Issuer, 
the Guarantor, the Trustee, the Principal Paying Agent, the other Agents and all Noteholders and 
Couponholders and (in the absence of wilful default or bad faith) no liability to the relevant Issuer, the 
Guarantor, the Trustee, the Noteholders or the Couponholders shall attach to the Principal Paying 
Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, in connection with the exercise or non exercise by it of 
its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
5.3 
Accrual of interest 
Each Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note, that part only of such Note) will 
cease to bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption unless payment of principal is improperly 
withheld or refused. In such event, interest will continue to accrue until whichever is the earlier of: 
(a) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Note have been paid; and 
(b) 
as provided in the Trust Deed. 
5.4 
Benchmark Discontinuation 
(i) 
Independent Adviser  
Notwithstanding the provisions of Condition 5.2 above (in the case of Floating Rate Notes 
other than where the Reference Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
Compounded Daily SOFR, in which case the provisions of this Condition 5.4 shall not apply), 
if the relevant Issuer determines that a Benchmark Event has occurred in relation to an 
Original Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) remains 
to be determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, the relevant Issuer shall use 
its reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably 
practicable, to determine a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate (in accordance 
with Condition 5.4(ii)) and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread and any Benchmark 
Amendments (in accordance with Condition 5.4(iv)). In making such determination, the 
Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 5.4(i) shall act in good faith and in 
a commercially reasonable manner as an expert. In the absence of bad faith or fraud, the 
Independent Adviser shall have no liability whatsoever to the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor, 
the Trustee, the Principal Paying Agent and/or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, or the 
Noteholders, for any determination made by it, pursuant to this Condition 5.4. 
If (i) the relevant Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser; or (ii) the Independent 
Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative 
Rate in accordance with this Condition 5.4(i) prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date, 
the Rate of Interest applicable to the next succeeding Interest Period shall be equal to the Rate 
of Interest last determined in relation to the Notes in respect of the immediately preceding

--- Page 93 ---
93 
 
 
Interest Period. If there has not been a first Interest Payment Date, the Rate of Interest shall 
be the initial Rate of Interest. Where a different Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of 
Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last 
preceding Interest Period, the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to 
the relevant Interest Period shall be substituted in place of the Margin or Maximum or 
Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Period. For the avoidance of 
doubt, this paragraph shall apply to the relevant next succeeding Interest Period only and any 
subsequent Interest Periods are subject to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as 
provided in, the first paragraph of this Condition 5.4(i). 
(ii) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate  
If the Independent Adviser, determines that: 
(A) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate and the applicable Adjustment 
Spread shall subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to 
determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for all future 
payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the operation of this Condition 5.4); or 
(B) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such Alternative 
Rate and the applicable Adjustment Spread shall subsequently be used in place of the 
Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component 
part thereof) for all future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the operation 
of this Condition 5.4). 
(iii) 
Adjustment Spread 
The Adjustment Spread (or the formula or methodology for determining the Adjustment 
Spread) shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be). If 
the Independent Adviser is unable to determine the quantum of, or a formula or methodology 
for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as 
applicable) will apply without an Adjustment Spread. 
(iv) 
Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and, in either case, the applicable Adjustment Spread 
is determined in accordance with this Condition 5.4 and the Independent Adviser determines 
(i) that amendments to these Conditions, the Agency Agreement and/or the Trust Deed are 
necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and/or 
(in either case) the applicable Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the Benchmark 
Amendments) and (ii) the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the relevant Issuer 
shall, subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with Condition 5.4(v), without any 
requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders or Couponholders, vary these 
Conditions, the Agency Agreement and/or the Trust Deed (including, inter alia, by the 
execution of a deed supplemental to or amending the Trust Deed and, if required, the Agency 
Agreement in a form which is acceptable to the Trustee and the Principal Paying Agent) to 
give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice. 
At the request of the relevant Issuer, but subject to receipt by the Trustee, the Agents and the 
Calculation Agent (if any is specified in the applicable Final Terms) of a certificate signed by 
a Director (as defined in the Trust Deed) of the relevant Issuer pursuant to Condition 5.4(v), 
each of the Trustee, the Principal Paying Agent and/or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, 
shall (at the expense and direction of the relevant Issuer), without any requirement for the 
consent or approval of the Noteholders or Couponholders, be obliged to concur with the

--- Page 94 ---
94 
 
 
relevant Issuer and the Guarantor (as applicable) in using its reasonable endeavours to effect 
any Benchmark Amendments (including, inter alia, by the execution of a deed supplemental 
to or amending the Trust Deed and, if required, the Agency Agreement in a form which is 
acceptable to the Trustee and the Principal Paying Agent) and for the avoidance of doubt, the 
Trustee, the Principal Paying Agent and/or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, shall not be 
liable to any party for any consequences thereof. Notwithstanding the above, each of the 
Trustee, the Agents and the Calculation Agent (if any is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) shall not be obliged so to concur if in the opinion of the Trustee, the Principal Paying 
Agent and/or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, doing so would impose more onerous 
obligations upon it or expose it to any additional duties, responsibilities or liabilities or reduce 
or amend its rights and/or the protective provisions afforded to it in these Conditions, the 
Agency Agreement or the Trust Deed and/or any documents to which it is a party (including, 
for the avoidance of doubt, any supplemental trust deed or supplemental agency agreement) 
in any way. 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 5.4(iv), the relevant 
Issuer shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange or other relevant authority on which 
the Notes are for the time being listed or admitted to trading. 
(v) 
Notices 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any 
Benchmark Amendments determined under this Condition 5.4 will be notified promptly by 
the relevant Issuer to the Trustee, the Principal Paying Agent and/or the Calculation Agent, as 
applicable, and, in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices), the Noteholders. Such notice shall 
be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any. 
No later than notifying the Noteholders of the same, the relevant Issuer shall deliver to the 
Trustee, the Principal Paying Agent and/or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, a certificate 
signed by a Director of the relevant Issuer: 
(A) 
confirming (i) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (ii) the Successor Rate or, as the 
case may be, the Alternative Rate, (iii) the applicable Adjustment Spread and (iv) the 
specific terms of the Benchmark Amendments (if any), in each case as determined in 
accordance with the provisions of this Condition 5.4; and 
(B) 
certifying that the Benchmark Amendments (if any) have been determined by the 
Independent Adviser in accordance with the provisions of this Condition 5.4 to be 
necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
and (in either case) the applicable Adjustment Spread. 
Each of the Trustee, the Principal Paying Agent and/or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, 
shall be entitled to rely on such certificate (without enquiry or liability to any person) as 
sufficient evidence thereof. The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment 
Spread and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) specified in such certificate will (in the 
absence of manifest error in the determination of the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and 
the Adjustment Spread and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) and without prejudice to the 
Trustee’s or the Calculation Agent’s or the Agents’ ability to rely on such certificate as 
aforesaid) be binding on the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor, the Trustee, the Principal Paying 
Agent and/or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, and the Noteholders and Couponholders. 
(vi) 
Survival of the Original Reference Rate

--- Page 95 ---
95 
 
 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the relevant Issuer under Conditions 5.4(i), (ii), (iii) 
and (iv), the Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in Condition 
5.2(b)(ii) will continue to apply unless and until the relevant Issuer determines that a 
Benchmark Event has occurred. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 5.4, if in the opinion of the Principal 
Paying Agent and/or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, there is any uncertainty between 
two or more alternative courses of action in making any determination or calculation under 
this Condition 5.4, the Principal Paying Agent and/or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, 
shall as soon as reasonably practicable notify the relevant Issuer and the relevant Issuer shall 
direct the Principal Paying Agent and/or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, in writing as to 
which alternative course of action to adopt. If the Principal Paying Agent and/or the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable, is not provided with such direction within a reasonable time, 
or is otherwise unable to make such calculation or determination for any reason, it shall notify 
the relevant Issuer thereof and the Principal Paying Agent and/or the Calculation Agent, as 
applicable, shall be under no obligation to make such calculation or determination and shall 
not incur any liability for not doing so. 
(vii) 
Definitions 
As used in this Condition 5.2(h): 
Adjustment Spread means either (a) a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero) or 
(b) a formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in each case to be applied to the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or 
methodology which: 
(A) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended or formally provided as an 
option for parties to adopt in relation to the replacement of the Original Reference 
Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or (if no such 
recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate); 
(B) 
the Independent Adviser determines, is customarily applied to the relevant Successor 
Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in international debt capital markets 
transactions to produce an industry-accepted replacement rate for the Original 
Reference Rate; or (if the Independent Adviser determines that no such spread is 
customarily applied); 
(C) 
the Independent Adviser determines is recognised or acknowledged as being the 
industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the 
Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or 
the Alternative Rate (as the case may be); or (if the Independent Adviser determines 
that no such spread is recognised or acknowledged); or 
(D) 
the Independent Adviser determines to be appropriate, having regard to the objective, 
so far as is reasonably practicable in the circumstances, of reducing or eliminating any 
economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to Noteholders as a result of the 
replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative 
Rate (as the case may be); 
Alternative Rate means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Independent 
Adviser determines in accordance with Condition 5.4(ii) is customarily applied in international 
debt capital markets transactions for the purposes of determining rates of interest (or the 
relevant component part thereof) in the same Specified Currency as the Notes;

--- Page 96 ---
96 
 
 
Benchmark Amendments has the meaning given to it in Condition 5.4(iv); 
Benchmark Event means: 
(A) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least five 
Business Days or ceasing to exist or be administered; or 
(B) 
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it has 
ceased or that it will, by a specified date within the following six months, cease 
publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances 
where no successor administrator has been appointed that will continue publication 
of the Original Reference Rate); or 
(C) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate, that the Original Reference Rate has been or will, by a specified date within the 
following six months, be permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
(D) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate as a consequence of which the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from 
being used either generally or in respect of the Notes, in each case within the following 
six months; or 
(E) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate that the Original Reference Rate is (or will be deemed by such supervisor to be) 
no longer representative of its relevant underlying market; 
(F) 
the administrator of the Original Reference Rate becomes insolvent or an insolvency, 
bankruptcy, restructuring or similar proceeding is commenced in respect of the 
administrator; or 
(G) 
it has become unlawful for the Principal Paying Agent and/or the Calculation Agent, 
as applicable, the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor or other party to calculate any 
payments due to be made to any Noteholder using the Original Reference Rate, 
provided that the Benchmark Event shall be deemed to occur (a) in the case of sub-paragraphs 
(B) and (C) above, on the date of the cessation of publication of the Original Reference Rate 
or the discontinuation of the Original Reference Rate, as the case may be, (b) in the case of 
sub-paragraph (D) above, on the date of the prohibition of use of the Original Reference Rate 
and (c) in the case of sub-paragraph (E) above, on the date with effect from which the Original 
Reference Rate will no longer be (or will be deemed by the relevant supervisor to no longer 
be) representative of its relevant underlying market and which is specified in the relevant 
public statement, and, in each case, not the date of the relevant public statement; 
Independent Adviser means an independent financial institution of international repute or an 
independent adviser of recognised standing with appropriate expertise appointed by the 
relevant Issuer at its own cost under Condition 5.4(i); 
Original Reference Rate means the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) used to determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the Notes 
(provided that if, following one or more Benchmark Events, such originally-specified 
benchmark or screen rate (or any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate which has replaced it) 
has been replaced by a (or a further) Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and a Benchmark 
Event subsequently occurs in respect of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, the term 
“Original Reference Rate” shall include any such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate;

--- Page 97 ---
97 
 
 
Relevant Nominating Body means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable): 
(A) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or 
(B) 
any working group or committee established, approved or sponsored by, chaired or 
co-chaired by or constituted at the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to 
which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, (b) any central bank or 
other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of 
the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (c) a group of the aforementioned central 
banks or other supervisory authorities or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any part 
thereof; and 
Successor Rate means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which is 
formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
6. 
PAYMENTS 
6.1 
Method of payment 
Subject as provided below: 
(a) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or transfer to an 
account in the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with a bank in the 
principal financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which, if the Specified 
Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and Auckland, 
respectively); and 
(b) 
payments will be made in euro by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account to 
which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee. 
Payments will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto 
in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 8 (Taxation) and (ii) any 
withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the Code) or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 
1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or 
any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. 
6.2 
Presentation of definitive Bearer Notes and Coupons 
Payments of principal in respect of definitive Bearer Notes will (subject as provided below) be made 
in the manner provided in Condition 6.1 above only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case 
of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of definitive Bearer Notes, and payments of interest in 
respect of definitive Bearer Notes will (subject as provided below) be made as aforesaid only against 
presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of Coupons, 
in each case at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States (which expression, 
as used herein, means the United States of America (including the States and the District of Columbia 
and its possessions)). 
Fixed Rate Notes in definitive bearer form (other than Long Maturity Notes (as defined below)) should 
be presented for payment together with all unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto (which expression 
shall for this purpose include Coupons falling to be issued on exchange of matured Talons), failing 
which the amount of any missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in

--- Page 98 ---
98 
 
 
full, the same proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon as the sum so paid bears 
to the sum due) will be deducted from the sum due for payment. Each amount of principal so deducted 
will be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of the relative missing Coupon at any 
time before the expiry of 10 years after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 8 (Taxation) in 
respect of such principal (whether or not such Coupon would otherwise have become void under 
Condition 9 (Prescription) or, if later, five years from the date on which such Coupon would otherwise 
have become due, but in no event thereafter. 
Upon any Fixed Rate Note in definitive bearer form becoming due and repayable prior to its Maturity 
Date, all unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and no further Coupons will 
be issued in respect thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note or Long Maturity Note in definitive bearer form 
becomes due and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether or not 
attached) shall become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further Coupons 
shall be made in respect thereof. A Long Maturity Note is a Fixed Rate Note (other than a Fixed Rate 
Note which on issue had a Talon attached) whose nominal amount on issue is less than the aggregate 
interest payable thereon provided that such Note shall cease to be a Long Maturity Note on the Interest 
Payment Date on which the aggregate amount of interest remaining to be paid after that date is less 
than the nominal amount of such Note. 
If the due date for redemption of any definitive Bearer Note is not an Interest Payment Date, interest 
(if any) accrued in respect of such Note from (and including) the preceding Interest Payment Date or, 
as the case may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be payable only against surrender of the 
relevant definitive Bearer Note. 
6.3 
Payments in respect of Bearer Global Notes 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Notes represented by any Global Note in bearer 
form will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified above in relation to definitive 
Bearer Notes or otherwise in the manner specified in the relevant Global Note, where applicable, 
against presentation or surrender, as the case may be, of such Global Note at the specified office of 
any Paying Agent outside the United States. A record of each payment made, distinguishing between 
any payment of principal and any payment of interest, will be made either on such Global Note by the 
Paying Agent to which it was presented or in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
as applicable. 
6.4 
Payments in respect of Registered Notes 
Payments of principal in respect of each Registered Note (whether or not in global form) will be made 
against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of 
the Registered Note at the specified office of the Registrar or any of the Paying Agents. Such payments 
will be made by transfer to the Designated Account (as defined below) of the holder (or the first named 
of joint holders) of the Registered Note appearing in the register of holders of the Registered Notes 
maintained by the Registrar (the Register) (i) where in global form, at the close of the business day 
(being for this purpose a day on which Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg are open for business) 
before the relevant due date, and (ii) where in definitive form, at the close of business on the third 
business day (being for this purpose a day on which banks are open for business in the city where the 
specified office of the Registrar is located) before the relevant due date.    For these purposes, 
Designated Account means the account (which, in the case of a payment in Japanese yen to a non 
resident of Japan, shall be a non resident account) maintained by a holder with a Designated Bank and 
identified as such in the Register and Designated Bank means (in the case of payment in a Specified 
Currency other than euro) a bank in the principal financial centre of the country of such Specified 
Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be

--- Page 99 ---
99 
 
 
Sydney and Auckland, respectively) and (in the case of a payment in euro) any bank which processes 
payments in euro. 
Payments of interest in respect of each Registered Note (whether or not in global form) will be made 
by transfer on the due date to the Designated Account of the holder (or the first named of joint holders) 
of the Registered Note appearing in the Register (i) where in global form, at the close of the business 
day (being for this purpose a day on which Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg are open for 
business) before the relevant due date, and (ii) where in definitive form, at the close of business on the 
fifteenth day (whether or not such fifteenth day is a business day) before the relevant due date (the 
Record Date). Payment of the interest due in respect of each Registered Note on redemption and the 
final instalment of principal will be made in the same manner as payment of the principal amount of 
such Registered Note. 
No commissions or expenses shall be charged to the holders by the Registrar in respect of any 
payments of principal or interest in respect of Registered Notes. 
None of the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor, the Trustee or the Agents will have any responsibility or 
liability for any aspect of the records relating to, or payments made on account of, beneficial ownership 
interests in the Registered Global Notes or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records 
relating to such beneficial ownership interests. 
6.5 
General provisions applicable to payments 
The holder of a Global Note shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in respect of Notes 
represented by such Global Note and the relevant Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor will be 
discharged by payment to, or to the order of, the holder of such Global Note in respect of each amount 
so paid. Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the 
beneficial holder of a particular nominal amount of Notes represented by such Global Note must look 
solely to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, for their share of each payment 
so made by the relevant Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor to, or to the order of, the holder 
of such Global Note. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition, if any amount of principal and/or interest 
in respect of Bearer Notes is payable in U.S. dollars, such U.S. dollar payments of principal and/or 
interest in respect of such Notes will be made at the specified office of a Paying Agent in the United 
States if: 
(a) 
the relevant Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United 
States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make 
payment in U.S. dollars at such specified offices outside the United States of the full amount 
of principal and interest on the Bearer Notes in the manner provided above when due; 
(b) 
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at all such specified offices outside 
the United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar 
restrictions on the full payment or receipt of principal and interest in U.S. dollars; and 
(c) 
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the opinion of 
the relevant Issuer and the Guarantor, adverse tax consequences to the relevant Issuer or the 
Guarantor. 
6.6 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a Payment Day, the 
holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day in the relevant

--- Page 100 ---
100 
 
 
place and shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such delay. For these 
purposes, Payment Day means any day which (subject to Condition 9 (Prescription) is:  
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits): 
(i) 
in the case of Notes in definitive form only, in the relevant place of presentation; and 
(ii) 
in each Additional Financial Centre (other than T2) specified in the applicable Final 
Terms;  
(b) 
if T2 is specified as an Additional Financial Centre in the applicable Final Terms, a day on 
which T2 is open; and  
(c) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the 
principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which if the 
Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and 
Auckland, respectively) or (2) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which T2 is 
open. 
6.7 
Interpretation of principal and interest 
Any reference in the Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable: 
(a) 
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under Condition 8 
(Taxation) or under any undertaking or covenant given in addition thereto, or in substitution 
therefor, pursuant to the Trust Deed; 
(b) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(c) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(d) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes;  
(e) 
the Change of Control Redemption Amount of the Notes; and 
(f) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the 
relevant Issuer under or in respect of the Notes. 
Any reference in the Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to interest under Condition 8 
(Taxation) or under any undertaking or covenant given in addition thereto, or in substitution therefor, 
pursuant to the Trust Deed. 
7. 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
7.1 
Redemption at maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Note will be 
redeemed by the relevant Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final 
Terms in the relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity Date specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 101 ---
101 
 
 
7.2 
Redemption for tax reasons 
Subject to Condition 7.9 (Redemption and Purchase – Early Redemption Amounts), the relevant Notes 
may be redeemed at the option of the relevant Issuer in whole, but not in part, at any time (if this Note 
is not a Floating Rate Note) or on any Interest Payment Date (if this Note is a Floating Rate Note), on 
giving not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in the 
applicable Final Terms to the Trustee and the Principal Paying Agent and, in accordance with 
Condition 14 (Notices), the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), if the relevant Issuer 
satisfies the Trustee immediately before the giving of such notice that: 
(a) 
as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of a Relevant Jurisdiction 
(as defined in Condition 8 (Taxation) or any change in the application or official interpretation 
of the laws or regulations of a Relevant Jurisdiction, which change or amendment becomes 
effective on or after the date on which agreement is reached to issue the first Tranche of the 
Notes, on the occasion of the next payment due under the Notes, the relevant Issuer would be 
required to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 8 (Taxation) or the 
Guarantor would be unable for reasons outside its control to procure payment by the relevant 
Issuer and in making payment itself would be required to pay such additional amounts, in each 
case; and 
(b) 
the requirement cannot be avoided by the relevant Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor 
taking reasonable measures available to it, 
provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date 
on which the relevant Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor would be obliged to pay such 
additional amounts were a payment in respect of the Notes then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition, the relevant Issuer shall 
deliver to the Trustee a certificate signed by two Directors of the relevant Issuer or, as the case may 
be, two Directors of the Guarantor stating that the requirement referred to in (a) above will apply on 
the occasion of the next payment due under the Notes and cannot be avoided by the relevant Issuer or, 
as the case may be, the Guarantor by taking reasonable measures available to it, and the Trustee shall 
be entitled to accept without further investigation the certificate as sufficient evidence of the 
satisfaction of the conditions precedent set out above, in which event it shall be conclusive and binding 
on the Noteholders and the Couponholders. 
Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 7.2 (Redemption and Purchase - Redemption for tax 
reasons) will be redeemed at their Early Redemption Amount referred to in Condition 7.9 (Redemption 
and Purchase – Early Redemption Amounts) below together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to 
(but excluding) the date of redemption. 
7.3 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
If Issuer Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Issuer may, 
having given not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice specified 
in the applicable Final Terms to the Trustee and the Principal Paying Agent and, in accordance with 
Condition 14 (Notices), the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date 
fixed for redemption), redeem all or some only of the Notes then outstanding on any Optional 
Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms 
together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption 
Date. Any such redemption must be of a nominal amount not less than the Minimum Redemption 
Amount and not more than the Maximum Redemption Amount, in each case as may be specified in 
the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 102 ---
102 
 
 
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the Notes to be redeemed (Redeemed Notes) will (i) in 
the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, be selected individually by lot, not more 
than 30 days prior to the date fixed for redemption and (ii) in the case of Redeemed Notes represented 
by a Global Note, be selected in accordance with the rules of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a 
pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at their discretion). In the case of Redeemed Notes 
represented by definitive Notes, a list of the serial numbers of such Redeemed Notes will be published 
in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) not less than 15 days prior to the date fixed for redemption.   
7.4 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Make-whole) 
If Make-whole Redemption is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant 
Issuer may, having given not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of 
notice specified in the applicable Final Terms to the to the Trustee and the Principal Paying Agent 
and, in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices), the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable 
and shall specify the date fixed for redemption (the Make-whole Redemption Date)), redeem all or 
some only of the Notes then outstanding on any Make-whole Redemption Date and at the Make-whole 
Redemption Amount together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant 
Make-whole Redemption Date. Any such redemption must be of a nominal amount not less than the 
Minimum Redemption Amount and not more than the Maximum Redemption Amount, in each case 
as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the Redeemed Notes will (i) in the case of Redeemed 
Notes represented by definitive Notes, be selected individually by lot, not more than 30 days prior to 
the date fixed for redemption and (ii) in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by a Global Note, be 
selected in accordance with the rules of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, (to be reflected 
in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in 
nominal amount, at their discretion). In the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, 
a list of the serial numbers of such Redeemed Notes will be published in accordance with Condition 
14 (Notices) not less than 15 days prior to the date fixed for redemption. 
For the purposes of this Condition 7.4: 
CA Selected Bond means a government security or securities (which, if the Specified Currency is 
euro, will be a German Bundesobligationen) selected by the Make-whole Calculation Agent as having 
a maturity comparable to the remaining term of the Notes to be redeemed that would be utilised, at the 
time of selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new issues of 
corporate debt securities of comparable maturity to the remaining term of such Notes; 
Make-whole Calculation Agent means a leading investment, merchant or commercial bank or other 
independent institution with appropriate expertise appointed by the relevant Issuer for the purposes of 
calculating the Make-whole Redemption Amount, and notified to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 14 (Notices); 
Make-whole Mid-Swap Rate Quotations means the bid and offered rates for the semi-annual or 
annual, as applicable, fixed leg (calculated on the day count basis customary for fixed rate payments 
in the Specified Currency), of a fixed-for-floating interest rate swap transaction in the Specified 
Currency with a term equal to the remaining term of the Notes or the applicable swap rates for the next 
shorter and next longer periods of time where the Reference Swap Rate is to be calculated by reference 
to linear interpolation commencing in each case on the Make-whole Redemption Date and in a 
Representative Amount with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap market, where the 
floating leg (in each case calculated on the day count basis customary for floating rate payments in the 
Specified Currency), is equivalent to the Rate of Interest that would apply in respect of the Notes if 
(a) Screen Rate Determination was specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the

--- Page 103 ---
103 
 
 
Rate of Interest is to be determined, (b) the Reference Rate was the Floating Leg Reference Rate and 
(c) the Make-whole Relevant Screen Page was the Floating Leg Screen Page or, if not so specified in 
the applicable Final Terms or the Floating Leg Reference Rate is not so available on such Make-whole 
Relevant Screen Page, where such floating leg is equivalent to the rate, as determined by the Make-
whole Calculation Agent (or failing which the relevant Issuer, in consultation with the Make-whole 
Calculation Agent) acting in a commercially reasonable manner and by reference to such sources as it 
determines appropriate, customarily used for setting rates comparable to the applicable rates for the 
fixed leg of such a fixed-for-floating interest rate swap transaction; 
Make-whole Redemption Amount means (A) the outstanding principal amount of the relevant Note 
or (B) if higher than (A), the sum, as determined by the Make-whole Calculation Agent, of the present 
values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest on the Notes to be redeemed (not 
including any portion of such payments of interest accrued to the date of redemption) discounted to 
the Make-whole Redemption Date on an annual basis (calculated on the basis of the applicable Day 
Count Fraction in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance with Condition 5.1 
(Interest on Fixed Rate Notes) or Condition 5.2 (Interest on Floating Rate Notes), as the case may be) 
at the Reference Rate plus the Make-whole Redemption Margin specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
Make-whole Reference Bank Rate means, in relation to the Make-whole Redemption Date, the 
percentage determined on the basis of the arithmetic mean of the applicable Make-whole Mid-Swap 
Rate Quotations provided by the Reference Banks at approximately 11.00 in the principal financial 
centre of the Specified Currency on the Reference Rate Determination Date. The Make-whole 
Calculation Agent will request the principal office of each of the Reference Banks to provide a 
quotation of its rate(s). If at least three quotations are provided, the applicable rate for the Make-whole 
Redemption Date will be the arithmetic mean of the quotations, eliminating the highest quotation (or, 
in the event of equality, one of the highest) and the lowest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one 
of the lowest). If only two quotations are provided, it will be the arithmetic mean of the quotations 
provided. If only one quotation is provided, it will be the quotation provided. If no quotations are 
provided, the Make-whole Calculation Agent (or failing which the relevant Issuer, in consultation with 
the Make-whole Calculation Agent), acting in a commercially reasonable manner, shall determine 
such rate at such time and by reference to such sources as it determines appropriate; 
Reference Banks means five leading swap dealers in the interbank market for swap transactions in 
the Specified Currency with an equivalent maturity to the remaining term of the Notes or the next 
shorter and next longer such rates as applicable, as selected by the Make-whole Calculation Agent in 
consultation with the relevant Issuer; 
Reference Bond means (A) if CA Selected Bond is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
relevant CA Selected Bond or (B) if CA Selected Bond is not specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the security specified in the applicable Final Terms, provided that if the Make-whole Calculation 
Agent advises the relevant Issuer that, at the time at which the Make-whole Redemption Amount is to 
be determined, for reasons of illiquidity or otherwise, the relevant security specified is not appropriate 
for such purpose, such other central bank or government security as the Make-whole Calculation 
Agent may, with the advice of Reference Market Makers, determine to be appropriate; 
Reference Bond Price means the price for the Reference Bond (expressed as a percentage of its 
principal amount) specified in the applicable Final Terms appearing on the Relevant Make-whole 
Screen Page at the Relevant Make-whole Determination Time or, if no such Relevant Make-whole 
Screen Page is specified or such price does not appear on the Relevant Make-whole Screen Page at 
the Relevant Make-whole Determination Time, such price as is published in such other Make-whole 
Reference Source specified in the applicable Final Terms at or around the Relevant Make-whole 
Determination Time or, if no such Make-whole Reference Source is specified or such price is not so 
published (i) the average of five Reference Market Maker Quotations for the relevant Make-whole

--- Page 104 ---
104 
 
 
Redemption Date, after excluding the highest and lowest Reference Market Maker Quotations, (ii) if 
the Make-whole Calculation Agent obtains fewer than five, but more than one, such Reference Market 
Maker Quotations, the average of all such quotations, or (iii) if only one such Reference Market Maker 
Quotation is obtained, the amount of the Reference Market Maker Quotation so obtained; 
Reference Bond Rate means, with respect to any Make-whole Redemption Date, the rate per annum 
equal to the equivalent yield to maturity of the Reference Bond appearing on the Relevant Make-whole 
Screen Page at the Relevant Make-whole Determination Time, or, if no such Relevant Make-whole 
Screen Page is specified or such yield does not appear on the Relevant Make-whole Screen Page at 
the Relevant Make-whole Determination Time, such yield as is published in such other Make-whole 
Reference Source specified in the applicable Final Terms at or around the Relevant Make-whole 
Determination Time or, if no such Make-whole Reference Source is specified or such yield is not so 
published, calculated using a price for the Reference Bond (expressed as a percentage of its principal 
amount) equal to the Reference Bond Price for such Make-whole Redemption Date. The Reference 
Bond Rate will be calculated on the Reference Rate Determination Date specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
Reference Market Maker Quotations means, with respect to each Reference Market Maker and any 
Make-whole Redemption Date, the average, as determined by the Make-whole Calculation Agent, of 
the bid and asked prices for the Reference Bond (expressed in each case as a percentage of its principal 
amount) quoted in writing to the Make-whole Calculation Agent at the Quotation Time specified in 
the applicable Final Terms on the Reference Rate Determination Date specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
Reference Market Makers means five brokers or market makers of securities such as the Reference 
Bond selected by the Make-whole Calculation Agent or such other five persons operating in the market 
for securities such as the Reference Bond as are selected by the Make-whole Calculation Agent in 
consultation with the relevant Issuer; 
Reference Rate means either the Reference Bond Rate or the Reference Swap Rate as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
Reference Swap Rate means the rate per annum equal to the yield to maturity that would result from 
a calculation of such yield based on the rate, expressed as a percentage, for the Make-whole 
Redemption Date of, in the case of semi-annual or annual Interest Payment Dates, the semi-annual or 
annual swap rate, respectively for swap transactions in the Specified Currency maturing on the 
Maturity Date or if, in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new issues of corporate 
debt securities of comparable maturity to the remaining term of the Notes an interpolated rate would 
be utilised, the rate calculated by the Make-whole Calculation Agent by straight line linear 
interpolation by reference to the two semi-annual or annual swap rates, as applicable, one of which 
shall be the applicable swap rate for the period of time for which rates are available next shorter than 
the length of the remaining term of the Notes and the other of which shall be the applicable swap rate 
for the period of time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the remaining term 
of the Notes provided however that if there is no rate available for a period of time next shorter or, 
as the case may be, next longer, then the Make-whole Calculation Agent (or failing which the relevant 
Issuer, in consultation with the Make-whole Calculation Agent), acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner, shall determine such rate at such time and by reference to such 
sources as it determines appropriate, which rate in each case appears on the Relevant Make-whole 
Screen Page as of approximately 11.00 a.m. in the principal financial centre of the Specified Currency 
on the Reference Rate Determination Date specified in the applicable Final Terms. If such rate does 
not appear on the Relevant Make-whole Screen Page, the Reference Swap Rate for the Make-whole 
Redemption Date will be the Make-whole Reference Bank Rate for the remaining term of the Notes 
or the next shorter and next longer such rates as applicable;

--- Page 105 ---
105 
 
 
Relevant Make-whole Screen Page means the display page on the relevant service as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or such other page as may replace it on that information service, or on such 
other equivalent information service as determined by the Make-whole Calculation Agent, for the 
purpose of displaying equivalent or comparable rates to the (A) yield to maturity or specified price of 
the Reference Bond or (B) relevant swap rates for swap transactions in the Specified Currency with 
an equivalent maturity to the Maturity Date, as the case may be, or, in the case of (B), the next shorter 
and next longer such rates as applicable; and 
Representative Amount means an amount that is representative for a single transaction in the relevant 
market at the relevant time. 
7.5 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Maturity Call) 
If Issuer Maturity Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then the relevant 
Issuer may, having given not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of 
notice specified in the applicable Final Terms to the Trustee and the Principal Paying Agent and, in 
accordance with Condition 14 (Notices), the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall 
specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all (but not some only) of the Notes then outstanding 
at any time during the period commencing on (and including) the Issuer Maturity Call Period 
Commencement Date to (but excluding) the Maturity Date, at the Final Redemption Amount specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, together (if appropriate) with interest accrued but unpaid to (but 
excluding) the date of redemption. Any such redemption must be of a nominal amount not less than 
the Minimum Redemption Amount and not more than the Maximum Redemption Amount in each 
case as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
7.6 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Residual Call) 
If Issuer Residual Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms and, at any time, 
the outstanding aggregate nominal amount of the Notes is 25 per cent. or less of the aggregate nominal 
amount of the Series issued, the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the relevant Issuer in whole, 
but not in part, at any time (if this Note is not a Floating Rate Note) or on any Interest Payment Date 
(if this Note is a Floating Rate Note), on giving not less than the minimum period nor more than the 
maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms to the Trustee and the Principal 
Paying Agent and, in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices), the Noteholders (which notice shall be 
irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption) at the Residual Call Early Redemption 
Amount together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition, the relevant Issuer shall 
deliver to the Trustee a certificate signed by two Directors of the relevant Issuer stating that the 
relevant Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that 
the outstanding aggregate nominal amount is 25 per cent. or less of the aggregate nominal amount of 
the Series issued and the Trustee shall be entitled to accept without further investigation the certificate 
as sufficient evidence of the satisfaction of the circumstance set out above, in which event it shall be 
conclusive and binding on the Noteholders and the Couponholders. 
7.7 
Redemption at the option of the Noteholders (Investor Put) 
If Investor Put is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, upon the holder of any 
Note giving to the relevant Issuer in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) not less than the minimum 
period nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
relevant Issuer will, upon the expiry of such notice, redeem such Note on the Optional Redemption 
Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but 
excluding) the Optional Redemption Date.

--- Page 106 ---
106 
 
 
To exercise the right to require redemption of this Note the holder of this Note must, if this Note is in 
definitive form and held outside Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, deliver, at the specified 
office of any Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered 
Notes) at any time during normal business hours of such Paying Agent or, as the case may be, the 
Registrar falling within the notice period, a duly completed and signed notice of exercise in the form 
(for the time being current) obtainable from any specified office of any Paying Agent or, as the case 
may be, the Registrar (a Put Notice) and in which the holder must specify a bank account to which 
payment is to be made under this Condition and, in the case of Registered Notes, the nominal amount 
thereof to be redeemed and, if less than the full nominal amount of the Registered Notes so surrendered 
is to be redeemed, an address to which a new Registered Note in respect of the balance of such 
Registered Notes is to be sent subject to and in accordance with the provisions of Condition 2.2 
(Transfers of Registered Notes - Transfers of Registered Notes in definitive form). If this Note is in 
definitive bearer form, the Put Notice must be accompanied by this Note or evidence satisfactory to 
the Paying Agent concerned that this Note will, following delivery of the Put Notice, be held to its 
order or under its control. 
If this Note is represented by a Global Note or is in definitive form and held through Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, to exercise the right to require redemption of this Note the holder of this 
Note must, within the notice period, give notice to the Principal Paying Agent of such exercise in 
accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which may 
include notice being given on their instruction by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or any 
common depositary or common safekeeper, as the case may be for them to the Principal Paying Agent 
by electronic means) in a form acceptable to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg from time to 
time. 
Any Put Notice or other notice given in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg by a holder of any Note pursuant to this Condition 7.7 (Redemption and 
Purchase – Redemption at the option of the Noteholders (Investor Put)) shall be irrevocable except 
where, prior to the due date of redemption, an Event of Default has occurred and the Trustee has 
declared the Notes to be due and payable pursuant to Condition 10 (Events of Default and 
Enforcement), in which event such holder, at its option, may elect by notice to the relevant Issuer to 
withdraw the notice given pursuant to this Condition 7.7 (Redemption and Purchase – Redemption at 
the option of the Noteholders (Investor Put)). 
7.8 
Redemption at the option of the Noteholders (Change of Control Put) 
If (a) Change of Control Put is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms and (b) at 
any time while any Notes remain outstanding there occurs a Change of Control (as defined below), a 
Change of Control Put Event will be deemed to occur. 
For the purposes of this Condition: 
A Change of Control shall be deemed to have occurred if any person or group of persons Acting in 
Concert gains Control of MOL;  
Acting in Concert means acting together pursuant to an agreement or understanding (whether formal 
or informal); 
Control means at any time directly or indirectly (i) having the ownership of more than 50 per cent. of 
the aggregate number of voting rights exercisable at a general meeting of an entity in accordance with 
such entity’s articles of association (a General Meeting) or (ii) having the capability to appoint the 
majority of the members of the board of directors of an entity, whether through the ownership of share 
capital, by contract or otherwise;

--- Page 107 ---
107 
 
 
Change of Control Put Date means the fifth Business Day following the expiry of the Change of 
Control Put Period; and 
Change of Control Put Period means the period of 30 days after a Change of Control Put Event 
Notice is given. 
If a Change of Control Put Event occurs, the holder of each Note will have the option (a Change of 
Control Put Option) (unless prior to the giving of the relevant Change of Control Put Event Notice 
(as defined below), the relevant Issuer has given notice of redemption under Condition 7.2 
(Redemption and Purchase - Redemption for tax reasons) above) to require the relevant Issuer to 
redeem or, at the relevant Issuer’s option, purchase (or procure the purchase of) that Note on the 
Change of Control Put Date (as defined above) at the Change of Control Redemption Amount together 
with interest accrued to (but excluding) the Change of Control Put Date. 
Promptly upon the relevant Issuer becoming aware that a Change of Control Put Event has occurred, 
the relevant Issuer shall give notice (a Change of Control Put Event Notice) to the Noteholders (with 
a copy to the Trustee) in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) specifying the nature of the Put Event 
and the procedure for exercising the Put Option. 
To exercise the Change of Control Put Option, the holder of this Note must, if this Note is in definitive 
form and held outside Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, deliver, at the specified office of any 
Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes) at any 
time during normal business hours of such Paying Agent or, as the case may be, the Registrar falling 
within the Change of Control Put Period, a duly completed and signed notice of exercise in the form 
(for the time being current) obtainable from any specified office of any Paying Agent or, as the case 
may be, the Registrar (a Change of Control Put Notice) and in which the holder must specify a bank 
account to which payment is to be made under this Condition and, in the case of Registered Notes, the 
nominal amount thereof to be redeemed and, if less than the full nominal amount of the Registered 
Notes so surrendered is to be redeemed, an address to which a new Registered Note in respect of the 
balance of such Registered Notes is to be sent subject to and in accordance with the provisions of 
Condition 2.2 (Transfers of Registered Notes - Transfers of Registered Notes in definitive form). If this 
Note is in definitive bearer form, the Change of Control Put Notice must be accompanied by this Note 
or evidence satisfactory to the Paying Agent concerned that this Note will, following delivery of the 
Change of Control Put Notice, be held to its order or under its control. 
If this Note is represented by a Global Note or is in definitive form and held through Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, to exercise the right to require redemption of this Note the holder of this 
Note must, within the Change of Control Put Period, give notice to the Principal Paying Agent of such 
exercise in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
(which may include notice being given on their instruction by Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg 
or any common depositary or common safekeeper, as the case may be for them to the Principal Paying 
Agent by electronic means) in a form acceptable to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg from 
time to time. 
Any Change of Control Put Period Put Notice or other notice given in accordance with the standard 
procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg by a holder of any Note pursuant to this 
Condition 7.8 shall be irrevocable except where, prior to the due date of redemption, an Event of 
Default has occurred and the Trustee has declared the Notes to be due and payable pursuant to 
Condition 10 (Events of Default and Enforcement), in which event such holder, at its option, may elect 
by notice to the relevant Issuer to withdraw the notice given pursuant to this Condition 7.8 
(Redemption and Purchase - Redemption at the option of the Noteholders (Change of Control Put)).  
If 85 per cent. or more in principal amount of the Notes outstanding immediately prior to the Change 
of Control Put Date have been redeemed or purchased pursuant to this Condition 7.8 (Redemption and

--- Page 108 ---
108 
 
 
Purchase - Redemption at the option of the Noteholders (Change of Control Put)), the relevant Issuer 
may, on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Noteholders (with a copy to the 
Trustee) (such notice being given within 45 days after the Change of Control Put Date), redeem or 
purchase (or procure the purchase of), at its option, all but not some only of the remaining outstanding 
Notes at the Change of Control Redemption Amount, together with interest accrued to (but excluding) 
the date fixed for such redemption or purchase. 
The Trustee is under no obligation to ascertain whether a Change of Control Put Event or Change of 
Control or any event which could lead to the occurrence of or could constitute a Change of Control 
Put Event or Change of Control has occurred and, until it shall have actual knowledge or notice 
pursuant to the Trust Deed to the contrary, the Trustee may assume that no Change of Control Put 
Event or Change of Control or other such event has occurred. 
7.9 
Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purpose of Condition 7.2 above and Condition 10 (Events of Default and Enforcement):  
(a) 
each Note (other than a Zero Coupon Note) will be redeemed at its Early Redemption Amount; 
and 
(b) 
each Zero Coupon Note will be redeemed at its Early Redemption Amount calculated in 
accordance with the following formula: 
𝐸𝑎𝑟𝑙𝑦 𝑅𝑒𝑑𝑒𝑚𝑝𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝐴𝑚𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡 =  𝑅𝑃× (1 +  𝐴𝑌)𝑦  
where: 
RP 
means the Reference Price; 
AY 
means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and 
y 
is the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms which will be either (i) 
30/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the number of days (calculated on the 
basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) from (and including) the 
Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption 
or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the 
denominator will be 360) or (ii) Actual/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the 
-actual number of days from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes 
to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which 
such Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 360) or (iii) Actual/365 
(in which case the numerator will be equal to the actual number of days from (and including) 
the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption 
or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the 
denominator will be 365).  
7.10 
Purchases 
The relevant Issuer, the Guarantor or any Subsidiary of the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor may at 
any time purchase Notes (provided that, in the case of definitive Bearer Notes, all unmatured Coupons 
and Talons appertaining thereto are purchased therewith) in any manner and at any price. Such Notes 
may be held, reissued or resold or at the option of the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor, surrendered to 
any Paying Agent and/or the Registrar for cancellation.

--- Page 109 ---
109 
 
 
7.11 
Cancellation 
All Notes which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled (together with all unmatured Coupons and 
Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith at the time of redemption). All Notes so cancelled 
and any Notes purchased and cancelled pursuant to Condition 7.10 above (together with all unmatured 
Coupons and Talons cancelled therewith) shall be forwarded to the Principal Paying Agent and cannot 
be reissued or resold. 
7.12 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero Coupon 
Note pursuant to Condition 7.1, 7.2, 7.3, 7.4, 7.5, 7.6, 7.7 or 7.8 or upon its becoming due and 
repayable as provided in Condition 10 (Events of Default and Enforcement) is improperly withheld or 
refused, the amount due and repayable in respect of such Zero Coupon Note shall be the amount 
calculated as provided in Condition 7.9(b) above as though the references therein to the date fixed for 
the redemption or the date upon which such Zero Coupon Note becomes due and payable were 
replaced by references to the date which is the earlier of: 
(a) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Note have been paid; and 
(b) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such 
Zero Coupon Notes has been received by the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar or the 
Trustee and notice to that effect has been given to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 14 (Notices). 
8. 
TAXATION 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes and Coupons by or on behalf of the 
relevant Issuer or the Guarantor shall be made without withholding or deduction for or on account of 
any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature (Taxes) 
imposed or levied by or on behalf of any Relevant Jurisdiction unless such withholding or deduction 
of the Taxes is required by law. In such event, the relevant Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor 
will pay such additional amounts as may be necessary in order that the net amounts received by the 
holders of the Notes or Coupons after such withholding or deduction shall equal the respective 
amounts of principal and interest which would otherwise have been receivable in respect of the Notes 
or Coupons, as the case may be, in the absence of such withholding or deduction; except that no such 
additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any Note or Coupon: 
(a) 
the holder of which is liable for Taxes in respect of such Note or Coupon by reason of the 
holder having some connection with a Relevant Jurisdiction other than the mere holding of 
such Note or Coupon; or 
(b) 
presented for payment in the Relevant Juridiction; or 
(c) 
presented for payment by or on behalf of a holder who would not be liable or subject to the 
withholding or deduction by making a declaration of non-residence or other similar claim for 
exemption to the relevant tax authority; or 
(d) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (as defined below) except 
to the extent that the holder thereof would have been entitled to an additional amount on 
presenting the same for payment on such thirtieth day assuming that day to have been a 
Payment Day (as defined in Condition 6.6 (Payments - Payment Day). 
As used herein:

--- Page 110 ---
110 
 
 
(i) 
the Relevant Date means the date on which such payment first becomes due, except that, if 
the full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Trustee or the 
Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar, as the case may be, on or prior to such due date, it 
means the date on which, the full amount of such moneys having been so received, notice to 
that effect is duly given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices); and 
(ii) 
Relevant Jurisdiction means Hungary or any political subdivision or any authority thereof 
or therein having power to tax. 
9. 
PRESCRIPTION 
The Notes (whether in bearer or registered form) and Coupons will become void unless claims in 
respect of principal and/or interest are made within a period of 10 years (in the case of principal) and 
five years (in the case of interest) after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 8 (Taxation) 
therefor. 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon the claim 
for payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition or Condition 6.2 (Payments 
- Presentation of definitive Bearer Notes and Coupons) or any Talon which would be void pursuant 
to Condition 6.2 (Payments - Presentation of definitive Bearer Notes and Coupons). 
10. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND ENFORCEMENT 
10.1 
Events of Default 
The Trustee at its discretion may, and if so requested in writing by the holders of at least one-fifth in 
nominal amount of the Notes then outstanding or if so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution shall 
(subject in each case to being indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction), (but 
in the case of the happening of any of the events described in paragraphs (b), (d), (e) (other than in 
respect of a payment obligation), (f) (other than the winding up or dissolution of the relevant Issuer or 
the Guarantor), (g) to (j) (inclusive), (l) to (n) (inclusive) below, only if the Trustee shall have certified 
in writing to the relevant Issuer and the Guarantor that such event is, in its opinion, materially 
prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders), give notice in writing to the relevant Issuer and the 
Guarantor that each Note is, and each Note shall thereupon immediately become, due and repayable 
at its Early Redemption Amount together with accrued interest as provided in the Trust Deed if any of 
the following events (each an Event of Default) shall occur: 
(a) 
if default is made in the payment in the Specified Currency of any principal or interest due in 
respect of the Notes or any of them and the default continues for a period of three Budapest 
Business Days in the case of principal and five Budapest Business Days in the case of interest, 
provided that such default will not be an Event of Default if (i) it occurs by reason only of 
administrative or technical difficulties affecting the transfer of the funds due from the relevant 
Issuer, (ii) the relevant Issuer issued the appropriate transfer and payment instructions in 
sufficient time to permit the transfer and payment of the amount due to be made on its due 
date and (iii) the holders of the Notes receive from the relevant Issuer that amount within 
seven Budapest Business Days after the due date for payment; or 
(b) 
if the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor fails to perform or observe any of its other obligations 
under these Conditions or the Trust Deed and (except in any case where, in the opinion of the 
Trustee, the failure is incapable of remedy when no such continuation or notice as is 
hereinafter mentioned will be required) the failure continues for the period of 30 Budapest 
Business Days (or such longer period as the Trustee may permit) after the date on which notice 
of such failure requiring the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor, as the case may be, to remedy 
the same shall have first been given by the Trustee; or

--- Page 111 ---
111 
 
 
(c) 
if any Indebtedness of the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor or any Material Subsidiary is not 
paid when due after the expiration of any applicable grace period, or any Indebtedness of the 
relevant Issuer or the Guarantor or any Material Subsidiary is declared to be due and payable 
prior to its specified maturity, provided, however, that no Event of Default shall have occurred 
if the aggregate amount of such Indebtedness (or its equivalent) which is not paid when due 
(after the expiration of any applicable grace period) or is due and payable prior to its specified 
maturity date is equal to or less than EUR 100 million (or its equivalent in another currency); 
or 
(d) 
if one or more final and binding judgment(s) or order(s) for the payment of any amount in 
aggregate in excess of EUR 100 million is rendered against the relevant Issuer or the 
Guarantor or any Material Subsidiary and continue(s) unsatisfied and unstayed for a period of 
30 days after the date(s) thereof or, if later, the date therein specified for payment; or 
(e) 
it is or will become unlawful for the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor to perform or comply 
with any of its obligations under or in respect of the Notes or the Trust Deed; or 
(f) 
if any order is made by any competent court or a resolution is passed for the winding up, 
liquidation, bankruptcy, mandatory deletion or dissolution of the relevant Issuer or the 
Guarantor or any Material Subsidiary, save for the purposes of reorganisation whilst solvent 
on terms previously approved in writing by the Trustee or by an Extraordinary Resolution; or 
(g) 
if the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor or any Material Subsidiary ceases or threatens to cease 
to carry on the whole or substantially the whole of its business, save for the purposes of 
reorganisation whilst solvent on terms previously approved in writing by the Trustee or by an 
Extraordinary Resolution, or the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor or any Material Subsidiary 
stops or threatens to stop payment of, or is unable to, or admits its inability to, pay its debts 
(or any class of its debts) as they fall due or is adjudicated or found bankrupt or insolvent;or  
(h) 
if (i) proceedings are initiated against the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor or any Material 
Subsidiary under any applicable liquidation, bankruptcy, insolvency, composition, 
reorganisation or other similar laws, or an application is made (or documents filed with a 
court) for the appointment of an administrative or other receiver, manager, administrator, 
liquidator or other similar official, or an administrative or other receiver, manager, 
administrator, liquidator or other similar official is appointed, in relation to the relevant Issuer 
or the Guarantor or any Material Subsidiary or, as the case may be, in relation to the whole or 
substantially the whole of the undertaking or assets of the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor or 
any Material Subsidiary, or an encumbrancer takes possession of the whole or substantially 
the whole of the undertaking or assets of the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor or any Material 
Subsidiary, or a distress, execution, attachment, sequestration or other process is levied, 
enforced upon, sued out or put in force against the whole or substantially the whole of the 
undertaking or assets of the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor or any Material Subsidiary, and 
(ii) in any such case (other than the appointment of an administrator or an administrative 
receiver appointed following presentation of a petition for an administration order) unless 
initiated by the relevant company, is not discharged within 90 days (or such longer period as 
the Trustee may consider appropriate in relation to the jurisdiction concerned) or unless, and 
for so long as, the Trustee is satisfied that it is being contested in good faith and diligently; or  
(i) 
if the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor or any Material Subsidiary (or any of their respective 
directors or shareholders) initiates or consents to judicial proceedings relating to itself under 
any applicable liquidation, bankruptcy, insolvency, composition, reorganisation or other 
similar laws (including the obtaining of a moratorium) or makes a conveyance or assignment 
for the benefit of, or enters into any composition or other arrangement with, its creditors

--- Page 112 ---
112 
 
 
generally (or any class of its creditors) or any meeting is convened to consider a proposal for 
an arrangement or composition with its creditors generally (or any class of its creditors); or 
(j) 
if, in the case of Notes issued by MGF, MGF ceases to be a subsidiary wholly owned and 
controlled, directly or indirectly, by MOL;  
(k) 
if the Guarantee ceases to be, or is claimed by MGF or the Guarantor not to be, in full force 
and effect; or 
(l) 
if any event occurs which, under the laws of any Relevant Jurisdiction, has or may have an 
analogous effect to any of the events referred to in paragraphs (e) to (i) above; 
(m) 
if a secured party takes possession, or a receiver, manager or other similar officer is appointed, 
of the whole or any part of the undertaking, assets and revenues of the relevant Issuer or the 
Guarantor or any Material Subsidiary where the value of the undertaking, assets and revenues 
in question exceeds EUR 100 million; or 
(n) 
if any action, condition or thing at any time required to be taken, fulfilled or done in order (i) 
to enable the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor lawfully to enter into, exercise its rights and 
perform and comply with its obligations under and in respect of, the Notes or the Trust Deed 
as applicable, (ii) to ensure that those obligations are legal, valid, binding and enforceable and 
(iii) to make the Notes and the Trust Deed admissible in evidence in the courts of Hungary, is 
not taken, fulfilled or done.  
10.2 
Enforcement 
The Trustee may at any time, at its discretion and without notice, take such proceedings and/or other 
steps or action (including lodging an appeal in any proceedings) against or in relation to the relevant 
Issuer and/or the Guarantor as it may think fit to enforce the provisions of the Trust Deed, the Notes 
and the Coupons, but it shall not be bound to take any such proceedings or other steps or action in 
relation to the Trust Deed, the Notes or the Coupons unless (a) it shall have been so directed by an 
Extraordinary Resolution or so requested in writing by the holders of at least one-fifth in nominal 
amount of the Notes then outstanding and (b) it shall have been indemnified and/or secured and/or 
pre-funded to its satisfaction. 
No Noteholder or Couponholder shall be entitled to (i) take any steps or action against the relevant 
Issuer and/or the Guarantor to enforce the performance of any of the provisions of the Trust Deed or 
the Notes or the Coupons or (ii) take any other proceedings (including lodging an appeal in any 
proceedings) in respect of or concerning the relevant Issuer and/or the Guarantor, in each case unless 
the Trustee, having become bound so to take any such action, steps or proceedings, fails so to do within 
a reasonable period and the failure shall be continuing. 
The Trustee may refrain from taking any action in any jurisdiction if the taking of such action in that 
jurisdiction would, in its opinion based upon legal advice in the relevant jurisdiction, be contrary to 
any law of that jurisdiction. Furthermore, the Trustee may also refrain from taking such action if it 
would otherwise render it liable to any person in that jurisdiction or if, in its opinion based upon such 
legal advice, it would not have the power to do the relevant thing in that jurisdiction by virtue of any 
applicable law in that jurisdiction or if it is determined by any court or other competent authority in 
that jurisdiction that it does not have such power. 
10.3 
Definitions 
For the purposes of the Conditions:

--- Page 113 ---
113 
 
 
(a) 
Budapest Business Day means a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets settle payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in Budapest; 
(b) 
Group means MOL and its Subsidiaries; 
(c) 
Material Subsidiary means, at any time, a Subsidiary of MOL whose consolidated tangible 
net worth or RCF EBITDA (excluding intra-Group items) then equals or exceeds 10 per cent. 
of the Consolidated Tangible Net Worth or RCF EBITDA of MOL (on a consolidated basis). 
For this purpose: 
(i) 
the consolidated tangible net worth or RCF EBITDA of a Subsidiary of MOL will be 
determined from its latest annual financial statements (consolidated if it has 
Subsidiaries) upon which MOL’s latest annual audited consolidated financial 
statements have been based; 
(ii) 
if a Subsidiary of MOL becomes a member of the Group after the date on which the 
latest annual audited consolidated financial statements of MOL have been prepared, 
the consolidated tangible net worth or RCF EBITDA of that Subsidiary will be 
determined from its latest annual financial statements; 
(iii) 
the Consolidated Tangible Net Worth or RCF EBITDA of MOL will be determined 
from MOL’s latest annual audited consolidated financial statements, adjusted (where 
appropriate) to reflect the consolidated tangible net worth or RCF EBITDA of any 
company or business subsequently acquired or disposed of; and 
(iv) 
if a Material Subsidiary disposes of all or substantially all of its assets to another 
Subsidiary of MOL, it will immediately cease to be a Material Subsidiary and the 
other Subsidiary (if it is not already) will immediately become a Material Subsidiary; 
whether or not a Subsidiary is a Material Subsidiary in any subsequent Measurement 
Period after that disposal will be determined by reference to the subsequent annual 
financial statements of that Subsidiary and MOL (on a consolidated basis). 
However: 
(A) 
the first determination of whether a company which becomes a Subsidiary of MOL 
after the issue of the Notes is or is not a Material Subsidiary shall be made by reference 
to its latest annual audited financial statements and the latest annual audited 
consolidated financial statements of MOL, in each case for the financial year after the 
financial year of MOL in which the date of that company’s acquisition falls; and 
(B) 
if there is a dispute as to whether or not a company is a Material Subsidiary, a 
certificate of the auditors of MOL provided by the relevant Issuer to the Trustee that 
in the auditors’ opinion a Subsidiary of MOL is or is not or was or was not at any 
particular time or throughout any specified period a Material Subsidiary may be relied 
upon by the Trustee without further enquiry or evidence and, if relied upon by the 
Trustee, shall, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive and binding on all 
parties. 
For the purposes of this definition, consolidated tangible net worth of a company means 
total assets as they appear in the financial statements of that company (consolidated if 
prepared) less the aggregate of total intangible assets and total liabilities of that company on

--- Page 114 ---
114 
 
 
a consolidated basis, calculated by reference to that company’s financial statements 
(consolidated if prepared). 
Where: 
Consolidated Tangible Net Worth means total assets as they appear in the consolidated 
financial statements of MOL less the aggregate of total intangible assets and total liabilities of 
MOL on a consolidated basis, calculated by reference to the most recent annual consolidated 
financial statements of MOL. 
RCF EBITDA means, in relation to any person and for any Measurement Period, operating 
profit plus cash dividends received plus any depreciation or amortisation. For the purposes of 
the definition of Material Subsidiary, cash dividends received shall be calculated by reference 
to the cashflow statement and each of operating profit, depreciation, provision and 
amortisation shall be calculated by reference to the relevant person’s consolidated (or, if that 
is not available, unconsolidated) profit and loss account. For the purposes of calculating RCF 
EBITDA for any Measurement Period, the RCF EBITDA of any company which has been 
acquired or disposed of by a member of the Group for consideration in excess of EUR 250 
million during that Measurement Period shall be included, in the case of an acquisition, or 
excluded, in the case of a disposal, on a pro forma basis as if the acquisition, or, as the case 
may be, the disposal, had been completed on the first day of that Measurement Period. 
Measurement Period means a period of 12 months ending on the last day of a financial year 
of MOL; 
(d) 
Indebtedness means any indebtedness (whether being principal, premium, interest or other 
amounts) for or in respect of any notes, bonds, debentures, debenture stock, loan stock or other 
debt securities or any borrowed money (including but not limited to any amount payable under 
any guarantee for, or indemnity in respect of, any moneys borrowed or raised) or any liability 
under or in respect of any acceptance or acceptance credit. 
11. 
REPLACEMENT OF NOTES, COUPONS AND TALONS 
Should any Note, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced 
at the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes or Coupons) or the 
Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes) upon payment by the claimant of such costs and expenses 
as may be incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence and indemnity as the 
relevant Issuer may reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced Notes, Coupons or Talons must be 
surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
12. 
AGENTS 
The initial Agents are set out above. If any additional Paying Agents are appointed in connection with 
any Series, the names of such Paying Agents will be specified in Part B of the applicable Final Terms. 
The relevant Issuer is entitled, with the prior written approval of the Trustee, to vary or terminate the 
appointment of any Agent and/or appoint additional or other Agents and/or approve any change in the 
specified office through which any Agent acts, provided that: 
(a) 
there will at all times be a Principal Paying Agent and a Registrar;  
(b) 
so long as the Notes are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to listing by any other 
relevant authority, there will at all times be a Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) and 
a Transfer Agent (in the case of Registered Notes) with a specified office in such place as may

--- Page 115 ---
115 
 
 
be required by the rules and regulations of the relevant stock exchange or other relevant 
authority; and 
(c) 
there will at all times be a Paying Agent in a jurisdiction within Europe, other than the 
jurisdiction in which the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor is incorporated.  
In addition, the relevant Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office in New 
York City in the circumstances described in Condition 6.5 (Payments - General provisions applicable 
to payments). Notice of any variation, termination, appointment or change in Paying Agents will be 
given to the Noteholders promptly by the relevant Issuer in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices). 
In acting under the Agency Agreement, the Agents act solely as agents of the relevant Issuer and the 
Guarantor and, in certain circumstances specified therein, of the Trustee and do not assume any 
obligation to, or relationship of agency or trust with, any Noteholder or Couponholder. The Agency 
Agreement contains provisions permitting any entity into which any Agent is merged or converted or 
with which it is consolidated or to which it transfers all or substantially all of its assets to become the 
successor agent. 
13. 
EXCHANGE OF TALONS 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon sheet 
matures, the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified 
office of any Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet including (if such further Coupon 
sheet does not include Coupons to (and including) the final date for the payment of interest due in 
respect of the Note to which it appertains) a further Talon, subject to the provisions of Condition 9 
(Prescription). 
14. 
NOTICES 
All notices regarding the Bearer Notes will be deemed to be validly given if published in a leading 
English language daily newspaper of general circulation in London. It is expected that any such 
publication in a newspaper will be made in the Financial Times in London. The relevant Issuer shall 
also ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which complies with the rules of any stock 
exchange or other relevant authority on which the Bearer Notes are for the time being listed or by 
which they have been admitted to trading including publication on the website of the relevant stock 
exchange or relevant authority if required by those rules. Any such notice will be deemed to have been 
given on the date of the first publication or, where required to be published in more than one 
newspaper, on the date of the first publication in all required newspapers. If publication as provided 
above is not practicable, a notice will be given in such other manner, and will be deemed to have been 
given on such date, as the Trustee shall approve. 
All notices regarding the Registered Notes will be deemed to be validly given if sent by first class mail 
or (if posted to an address overseas) by airmail to the holders (or the first named of joint holders) at 
their respective addresses recorded in the Register and will be deemed to have been given on the fourth 
day after mailing and, in addition, for so long as any Registered Notes are listed on a stock exchange 
or are admitted to trading by another relevant authority and the rules of that stock exchange or relevant 
authority so require, such notice will be published on the website of the relevant stock exchange or 
relevant authority and/or in a daily newspaper of general circulation in the place or places required by 
those rules. 
Until such time as any definitive Notes are issued, there may, so long as any Global Notes representing 
the Notes are held in their entirety on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, be 
substituted for such publication in such newspaper(s) or such websites or such mailing the delivery of 
the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg for communication by them to the

--- Page 116 ---
116 
 
 
holders of the Notes and, in addition, for so long as any Notes are listed on a stock exchange or are 
admitted to trading by another relevant authority and the rules of that stock exchange or relevant 
authority so require, such notice will be published on the website of the relevant stock exchange or 
relevant authority and/or in a daily newspaper of general circulation in the place or places required by 
those rules. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given to the holders of the Notes on the day 
on which the said notice was given to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Notices to be given by any Noteholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, together (in 
the case of any Note in definitive form) with the relative Note or Notes, with the Principal Paying 
Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes). Whilst any of 
the Notes are represented by a Global Note, such notice may be given by any holder of a Note to the 
Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the 
case may be, in such manner as the Principal Paying Agent, the Registrar and Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, may approve for this purpose. 
15. 
MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS, MODIFICATION, WAIVER AND SUBSTITUTION 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for convening meetings (including by way of conference call or 
by use of a videoconference platform) of the Noteholders to consider any matter affecting their 
interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution of a modification of the Notes, the 
Coupons or any of the provisions of the Trust Deed. Such a meeting may be convened by the relevant 
Issuer, the Guarantor or the Trustee and shall be convened by the relevant Issuer if required in writing 
by Noteholders holding not less than five per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being 
remaining outstanding. The quorum at any such meeting for passing an Extraordinary Resolution is 
one or more persons holding or representing more than 50 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes 
for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting one or more persons being or representing 
Noteholders whatever the nominal amount of the Notes so held or represented, except that at any 
meeting the business of which includes the modification of certain provisions of the Notes or the 
Coupons or the Trust Deed (including modifying the date of maturity of the Notes or any date for 
payment of interest thereon, reducing or cancelling the amount of principal or the rate of interest 
payable in respect of the Notes or altering the currency of payment of the Notes or the Coupons in 
certain respects), the quorum shall be one or more persons holding or representing not less than two-
thirds in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned such meeting 
one or more persons holding or representing not less than one-third in nominal amount of the Notes 
for the time being outstanding. The Trust Deed provides that (i) a resolution passed at a meeting duly 
convened and held in accordance with the Trust Deed by a majority consisting of not less than three-
fourths of the votes cast on such resolution, (ii) a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the 
holders of not less than three-fourths in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding 
or (iii) consent given by way of electronic consents through the relevant clearing system(s) (in a form 
satisfactory to the Trustee) by or on behalf of the holders of not less than three-fourths in nominal 
amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, shall, in each case, be effective as an Extraordinary 
Resolution of the Noteholders. An Extraordinary Resolution passed by the Noteholders will be binding 
on all the Noteholders, whether or not they are present at any meeting, and whether or not they voted 
on the resolution, and on all Couponholders. 
The Trustee may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders, to any modification 
of, or to the waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed breach of, any of the provisions of the 
Notes or the Trust Deed, or determine, without any such consent as aforesaid, that any Event of Default 
or potential Event of Default shall not be treated as such, where, in any such case, it is not, in the 
opinion of the Trustee, materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders so to do or may agree, 
without any such consent as aforesaid, to any modification which is of a formal, minor or technical 
nature or to correct a manifest error. Any such modification shall be binding on the Noteholders and 
the Couponholders and any such modification, unless the Trustee agrees otherwise, shall be notified 
to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) as soon as practicable thereafter.

--- Page 117 ---
117 
 
 
In connection with the exercise by it of any of its trusts, powers, authorities and discretions (including, 
without limitation, any modification, waiver, authorisation, determination or substitution), the Trustee 
shall have regard to the general interests of the Noteholders as a class (but shall not have regard to any 
interests arising from circumstances particular to individual Noteholders or Couponholders whatever 
their number) and, in particular but without limitation, shall not have regard to the consequences of 
any such exercise for individual Noteholders or Couponholders (whatever their number) resulting 
from their being for any purpose domiciled or resident in, or otherwise connected with, or subject to 
the jurisdiction of, any particular territory or any political sub-division thereof and the Trustee shall 
not be entitled to require, nor shall any Noteholder or Couponholder be entitled to claim, from the 
relevant Issuer, the Guarantor, the Trustee or any other person any indemnification or payment in 
respect of any tax consequences of any such exercise upon individual Noteholders or Couponholders 
except to the extent already provided for in Condition 8 (Taxation) and/or any undertaking or covenant 
given in addition to, or in substitution for, Condition 8 (Taxation) pursuant to the Trust Deed. 
The Trustee may, without the consent of the Noteholders, agree with the relevant Issuer and the 
Guarantor to the substitution in place of the relevant Issuer (or of any previous substitute under this 
Condition) as the principal debtor under the Notes, the Coupons and the Trust Deed: 
(a) 
(where the relevant Issuer is MGF) of another company, being the Guarantor, a Subsidiary or 
a holding company of the Guarantor or another Subsidiary of a holding company of the 
Guarantor, subject (except where the new principal debtor is the Guarantor) to the Notes being 
unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by the Guarantor; or 
(b) 
(where the relevant Issuer is MOL) of another company, being a Subsidiary or a holding 
company of MOL or another Subsidiary of a holding company of MOL. 
and subject, in each case, to the Trustee being satisfied that the interests of the Noteholders will not 
be materially prejudiced by the substitution and certain other conditions set out in the Trust Deed being 
complied with. 
16. 
INDEMNIFICATION OF THE TRUSTEE AND TRUSTEE CONTRACTING WITH THE 
ISSUERS AND/OR THE GUARANTOR 
16.1 
Indemnification and protection of the Trustee 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for the indemnification of the Trustee and for its relief from 
responsibility and liability towards the relevant Issuer and Noteholders, including inter alia (i) 
provisions relieving it from taking action unless indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its 
satisfaction and (ii) provisions limiting or excluding its liability in certain circumstances. 
16.2 
Trustee Contracting with the Issuer 
The Trust Deed also contains provisions pursuant to which the Trustee is entitled, inter alia, (a) to 
enter into business transactions with the Issuers, the Guarantor and/or any of their respective 
Subsidiaries and to act as trustee for the holders of any other securities issued or guaranteed by, or 
relating to, the Issuers, the Guarantor and/or any of their respective Subsidiaries, (b) to exercise and 
enforce its rights, comply with its obligations and perform its duties under or in relation to any such 
transactions or, as the case may be, any such trusteeship without regard to the interests of, or 
consequences for, the Noteholders or Couponholders and (c) to retain and not be liable to account for 
any profit made or any other amount or benefit received thereby or in connection therewith.

--- Page 118 ---
118 
 
 
17. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The relevant Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or the 
Couponholders to create and issue further notes having terms and conditions the same as the Notes or 
the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon and the 
date from which interest starts to accrue and so that the same shall be consolidated and form a single 
Series with the outstanding Notes. 
18. 
CONTRACTS (RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES) ACT 1999 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of this Note under the Contracts 
(Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999, but this does not affect any right or remedy of any person which 
exists or is available apart from that Act. 
19. 
GOVERNING LAW AND SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION 
19.1 
Governing law 
The Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement, the Notes and the Coupons and any non-contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection with the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement, the Notes and 
the Coupons are governed by, and construed in accordance with, English law.  
19.2 
Submission to jurisdiction 
(a) 
Subject to Condition 19.2(b) and 19.2(c), the English courts have exclusive jurisdiction to 
settle any dispute arising out of or in connection with the Trust Deed, the Notes and/or the 
Coupons, including any dispute as to their existence, validity, interpretation, performance, 
breach or termination or the consequences of their nullity and any dispute relating to any non-
contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Trust Deed, the Notes and/or 
the Coupons (a Dispute) and accordingly each of the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor and the 
Trustee and any Noteholders or Couponholders in relation to any Dispute submits to the 
exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts. 
(b) 
Each of the relevant Issuer and the Guarantor has, in the Trust Deed, waived any objection to 
the English courts on the grounds that they are an inconvenient or inappropriate forum to settle 
any Dispute. To the extent allowed by law, the Trustee, the Noteholders and the 
Couponholders may take any suit, action, or proceeding (together referred to as Proceedings) 
arising out of or in connection with the Trust Deed, the Notes and/or the Coupons respectively 
(including any Proceedings relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the Trust Deed, the Notes and/or the Coupons) against the relevant Issuer or 
the Guarantor in any other court of competent jurisdiction and concurrent Proceedings in any 
number of jurisdictions. 
(c) 
Each of the relevant Issuer and the Guarantor has, in the Trust Deed, consented to the 
enforcement of any judgment and, to the extent that it may in any jurisdiction claim for itself 
or its assets immunity from suit, execution, attachment (whether in aid of execution, before 
judgment or otherwise) or other legal process, and to the extent that in any such jurisdiction 
there may be attributed to itself or its assets or revenues such immunity (whether or not 
claimed), agreed not to claim and irrevocably waived such immunity to the full extent 
permitted by the laws of such jurisdiction.

--- Page 119 ---
119 
 
 
19.3 
Appointment of Process Agent 
Each of the Issuers and the Guarantor has, in the Trust Deed, irrevocably and unconditionally 
appointed Law Debenture Corporate Services Limited at the latter’s registered office for the time 
being, currently at 8th Floor, 100 Bishopsgate, London, EC2N 4AG, United Kingdom as its agent for 
service of process in England in respect of any Proceedings and has undertaken that in the event of 
such agent ceasing so to act it will appoint such other person as the Trustee may approve as its agent 
for that purpose.

--- Page 120 ---
120 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be applied by the relevant Issuer for its general corporate 
purposes, including the refinancing of its existing portfolio of debt. If, in respect of an issue, there is a particular 
identified use of proceeds, this will be stated in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 121 ---
121 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE MACROECONOMIC SITUATION AND THE OIL AND GAS INDUSTRY  
Macroeconomic environment 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, global gross domestic product (GDP) growth slowed down significantly 
from 6.0 per cent. in 2021 to 3.4 per cent.5 in 2022, below the historical (2000-2019) average of 3.8 per cent. 
At the same time headline inflation rates rose to four-decade highs across the developed world and most 
emerging markets, fuelled by skyrocketing food and energy costs. Tighter monetary conditions to fight rising 
inflation, post-pandemic and Russia-Ukraine war related supply chain disruptions and the strict ‘zero Covid’ 
policy of the world’s second largest economy, China, dampened GDP growth last year. 
Due to its proximity and energy importer status, the European Union (EU) and the Central and Eastern 
European (CEE) region had the strongest exposure to the war in Ukraine. Despite these headwinds, European 
economic growth in 2022 was more resilient than expected in the face of the large negative terms-of-trade 
shock from the energy price crisis. Still, economic activity weakened steadily through 2022. After a strong 
first half of the year, the Euro Zone real GDP grew by 3.5 per cent. in 2022 as a whole. 
The CEE region has also coped relatively well with the economic and financial fallout from the Russian 
invasion of Ukraine mainly due to pent-up household consumption after COVID-19 restrictions were relaxed, 
however inflation rates rose rapidly to double digits as global prices of food and energy spiked, slashing real 
incomes. This undermined consumer spending, worsened business sentiment and compelled central banks to 
increase monetary tightening. Natural gas dependence of CEE countries and the high exposure of the region 
to the German economy, which has been hit especially hard by the recent economic and energy crisis, also put 
a drag on growth in the second half of 2022. Still, there were substantial disparities across the region: Croatia 
(6.3 per cent.) and Hungary (4.6 per cent.) managed to perform above the EU average despite a continuous 
slowdown over the year, while Czech (2.5 per cent.) and Slovak (1.7 per cent.) economic performance was 
significantly lower in 2022.6 
Hungary’s annual GDP growth fell to 4.6 per cent. in 2022 from 7.1 per cent. in 2021, but the high average 
masks a negative within-a-year pattern. In the first half of the year, despite all the difficulties, GDP growth 
was still above 7 per cent. In the second half of 2022, external shocks, tightening economic policy measures, 
the negative real wage dynamics, as well as the historically weak agricultural season, result in the economy 
falling into a technical recession, with GDP falling in both 3Q and 4Q 2022 compared to the previous quarter. 
As a result, annual growth momentum slowed to near zero by the end of the fourth quarter. 
Though high and rising inflation has been a challenge for most economies across Europe in 2022 and into 
2023, it has accelerated in Hungary to the highest level in Europe. While inflation peaked at around 10 per 
cent. in Europe and around 15-17 per cent. in the CEE region, it jumped around 10 percentage points higher 
in Hungary and did not peak at the end of 2022. The June 2023 inflation report of the Central Bank of Hungary 
(MNB) includes forecast ranges for inflation emphasising the significant uncertainty in the global 
macroeconomic outlook. The MNB revised the lower edge of the forecast range upwards, forecasting an 
inflation rate between 16.5 and 18.5 per cent. in 2023 and 3.5 to 5 per cent. in 2024. According to the MNB, 
inflation will return to the central bank tolerance band (from 2 to 4 per cent.) only in the first half of 2025. 
Hungary, as a significant net energy importer was strongly affected by the high energy prices which resulted 
in a significant deterioration of its external trade balance and increased the depreciation pressure on the Forint. 
In addition the MNB raised its key rate by a cumulative 10.6 percentage points to 13.0 per cent. in 2022. After 
pressure on the currency, the MNB introduced a one-day deposit facility with an 18 per cent. interest rate, 
which became the effective interest rate but has gradually decreased since its introduction. The EUR/HUF 
exchange rate reached a historic low of above EUR 1.00/HUF 430 on 12 October 2022, with the Hungarian 
 
5  
IMF (2023): World Economic Outlook, January update. 
6  
Eurostat (2023), GDP and employment flash estimate, 14 February and Croatian Statistical Office, 28 February 2022.

--- Page 122 ---
122 
 
 
Forint strengthening to the EUR 1.00/HUF 400 level by the end of 2022 due to the MNB’s measures and 
agreement being reached between Hungary and the EU in relation to the provision of EU funds. 
Uncertainty over the drawdown of EU funds continues, despite the approval of Hungary’s National Recovery 
and Resilience Plan, which prevented the premature loss of 70 per cent. of EUR 5.8 billion (3.2 per cent. of 
GDP) in grants, with the first disbursement conditional on Hungary fulfilling certain condition many of which 
relate to the rule of law. There is the possibility that the implementation of these conditions will raise further 
questions due to interpretations and political considerations and this will further delay distribution of these 
funds. 
Oil and natural gas market developments 
The Dated Brent price strengthened from the 2021 average of 71 USD/barrel of crude oil (bbl) to 101 USD/bbl 
in 2022. Prices rose significantly in the first half of 2022 but generally declined in the second half of the year, 
closing at 81 USD/bbl on the final trading day of the year. In the immediate aftermath of Russia’s full-scale 
invasion of Ukraine, the combination of war-related supply fears with low global crude oil inventories lifted 
the crude oil price to the highest inflation-adjusted price since 2014, 137.6 USD/bbl on 8 March. 
The Russian invasion of Ukraine and the response from Europe, the U.S., and their allies ended decades-long 
cooperation between Russia and its energy trading partners, forcing markets to deal with temporary, and 
perhaps in some cases permanent dislocation of energy supply. As a result, the discount on Russian Urals oil 
to Dated Brent has widened significantly from the 2011-2021 average of -1.2 USD/bbl to -24.9 USD/bbl in 
2022. Russian crude has been diverted from Europe to India and China but the cost of financing maritime trade 
and insurance has increased significantly. 
The oil market remained tight in 2022 despite increased production and a slower-than-expected rebound in 
demand. OPEC production increased by 4 million barrels of oil per day (MMbpd) over the first nine months 
of the year, however weaker prices and demand concerns triggered a 2 MMbpd headline quota cut in November 
2022. In addition, non-OPEC production increased by over 2 million b/d over 2022, driven by strong growth 
in the U.S. On the demand side, despite the nearly 0.5 MMbpd of incremental demand that developed due to 
enhanced gas-to-oil switching, demand only increased by 2.3 MMbpd in 2022 and remained below its pre-
pandemic baseline. While oil demand in most sectors and of most products exceeded pre-pandemic levels in 
2022, the aviation sector continued to lag 2019 by a large margin.7 
European natural gas markets have seen unprecedented turbulence in 2022. The average price at the Title 
Transfer Facility (TTF), Europe’s largest gas trading hub, increased to EUR 130.9/megawatt-hour (MWh), 
meaning prices almost tripled compared to the EUR 46.5/MWh in 2021 and were nearly 7 times higher than 
the 2010-2020 historical average of EUR 19/MWh. This significant increase in European prices was the result 
of disruptions in Russian gas flows to Europe while global gas supply remained limited. Intensified 
competition between Asia and Europe to attract additional non-Russian supply, mainly liquefied natural gas 
(LNG), kept prices elevated through 2022 despite a significant voluntary and warm weather driven reduction 
in European demand and record-high levels of gas in storage. On the upside, the EU managed to weather the 
energy crisis brought on by the Russian invasion in 2022 and proved more resilient than expected without 
Russian energy imports. 
Downstream: global capacity additions exceed demand growth 
European refinery margins increased considerably in 2022 supported by significant increases in road fuel crack 
spreads. Strong, pent-up driving demand, gas-to-oil switching, worldwide low inventory levels and still muted 
refining capacity contributed to fuel cracks already increasing before the outbreak of the Russia-Ukraine war. 
The fear of Russian supply loss has only stretched markets further. As a result, margins remained robust despite 
extreme production cost rises and windfall profit taxes. 
 
7  
IEA (2022): Oil Market Report, December.

--- Page 123 ---
123 
 
 
In contrast, the highly energy-intensive petrochemical producers faced downward margin pressure in 2022. 
The emerging cost-of-living crisis and the continued worsening of industrial and construction production 
disrupted petrochemical demand while record high energy prices and the strong U.S. dollar boosted feedstock 
and production costs. Moreover, easing global supply chain and logistic bottlenecks increased pressure on 
prices with widespread product availability despite production cuts and an accelerated re-convergence in 
global prices. Both monomer and polymer markets ended the year oversupplied globally.

--- Page 124 ---
124 
 
 
SELECTED FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
1. 
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position 
The following table shows the financial position of MOL as at 30 June 2023, 31 December 2022, and as 
restated as at 31 December 2021 and 1 January 2021: 
 
30 June 2023 
Unaudited 
31 Dec 2022 
Audited 
31 Dec 2021 
Audited 
(Restated) 
1 Jan 2021 
Audited 
(Restated) 
 
 
 
HUF million 
HUF million 
HUF million 
HUF million 
NON-CURRENT ASSETS 
 
  
  
  
Property, plant and equipment 
3,707,374 
3,817,879 
3,378,867 
3,235,223 
Investment property 
10,597 
9,459 
6,863 
5,140 
Intangible assets 
557,455 
552,588 
437,839 
397,871 
Investments in associates and joint ventures 
199,415 
190,805 
213,051 
209,893 
Other non-current financial assets 
300,824 
340,291 
228,087 
165,937 
Deferred tax assets 
133,160 
109,899 
170,318 
143,499 
Other non-current assets 
73,982 
85,555 
76,843 
86,649 
Total non-current assets 
4,982,807 
5,106,476 
4,511,868 
4,244,211 
CURRENT ASSETS 
 
  
  
  
Inventories 
796,767 
997,045 
702,798 
461,391 
Trade and other receivables 
867,116 
931,511 
754,019 
523,278 
Securities 
83,554 
7,295 
845 
14,511 
Other current financial assets 
57,263 
177,963 
61,079 
24,136 
Income tax receivable 
16,988 
12,239 
7,551 
13,244 
Cash and cash equivalents 
427,131 
595,244 
367,447 
193,877 
Other current assets 
93,513 
96,563 
82,178 
69,075 
Assets classified as held for sale 
15,068 
43,363 
16,379 
1,463 
Total current assets 
2,357,400 
2,861,223 
1,992,296 
1,300,975 
TOTAL ASSETS 
7,340,207 
7,967,699 
6,504,164 
5,545,186 
  
 
  
  
  
EQUITY 
 
  
  
  
Share capital 
79,183 
79,013 
78,163 
78,249 
Retained earnings and other reserves 
3,122,367 
2,702,764 
2,172,065 
2,168,568 
(Loss) / Profit for the year attr. to owners of parent 
245,648 
851,589 
526,922 
(18,323) 
Equity attributable to owners of parent 
3,447,198 
3,633,366 
2,777,150 
2,228,494 
Non-controlling interest 
327,958 
378,770 
312,781 
282,946 
Total equity 
3,775,156 
4,012,136 
3,089,931 
2,511,440 
 
  
  
  
NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES 
 
  
  
  
Long-term debt 
817,890 
650,413 
866,492 
820,998 
Other non-current financial liabilities 
20,860 
20,671 
36,913 
49,367 
Non-current provisions 
580,384 
584,447 
695,296 
626,406 
Deferred tax liabilities 
127,221 
128,482 
122,379 
130,701 
Other non-current liabilities 
38,796 
39,258 
32,460 
31,934 
Total non-current liabilities 
1,585,151 
1,423,271 
1,753,540 
1,659,406 
CURRENT LIABILITIES 
 
  
  
  
Short-term debt 
113,785 
468,686 
185,616 
321,790 
Trade and other payables 
688,285 
1,001,634 
848,241 
549,642 
Other current financial liabilities 
219,810 
231,454 
244,167 
228,078 
Current provisions 
49,922 
115,001 
70,084 
49,690 
Income tax payable 
139,092 
362,466 
40,378 
10,330 
Liabilities classified as held for sale 
- 
2,161 
3,420 
- 
Other current liabilities 
769,006 
350,890 
268,787 
214,809 
Total current liabilities 
1,979,900 
2,532,292 
1,660,693 
1,374,339 
Total liabilities 
3,565,051 
3,955,563 
3,414,233 
3,033,745 
TOTAL EQUITY AND LIABILITIES 
7,340,207 
7,967,699 
6,504,164 
5,545,185

--- Page 125 ---
125 
 
 
2. 
Selected items of the Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss  
The following table shows the profit and loss of MOL for the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021, and 
the six months ended 30 June 2023 and 2022: 
 
 
Six months ended 30 
June 
Year ended 31 December 
2023 
Unaudited 
2022 
Unaudited 
2022 
Audited 
2021 
Audited 
 
 
(Restated) 
  
HUF 
million 
HUF 
million 
HUF 
million 
HUF 
million 
Net sales 
4,007,364 
4,364,557 
9,868,163 
5,766,751 
Other operating income 
49,600 
9,076 
43,716 
32,133 
Total operating income 
4,056,964 
4,373,633 
9,911,879 
5,798,884 
Raw materials and consumables used 
3,015,357 
3,300,636 
7,458,413 
4,375,291 
Employee benefits expense 
185,812 
150,328 
342,513 
299,359 
Depreciation, depletion, amortisation and impairment 
187,396 
172,009 
475,533 
478,856 
Other operating expenses 
376,238 
333,023 
632,864 
360,861 
Change in inventory of finished goods and work in 
progress 
86,100 
(136,017) 
(151,056) 
(194,282) 
Work performed by the enterprise and capitalised 
(39,801) 
(39,651) 
(105,500) 
(88,387) 
Total operating expenses 
3,811,102 
3,780,328 
8,652,767 
5,231,698 
Profit from operation 
245,862 
593,305 
1,259,112 
567,186 
Finance income 
99,507 
79,202 
164,080 
104,847 
Finance expense 
64,862 
100,746 
238,412 
138,930 
Total finance expense, net 
34,645 
(21,544) 
(74,332) 
(34,083) 
Share of after-tax results of associates and joint ventures 
6,910 
5,513 
(29,486) 
21,515 
Profit/(Loss) before tax 
287,417 
577,274 
1,155,294 
554,618 
Income tax expense 
31,800 
135,768 
466,343 
46,936 
Profit/(Loss) for the year from continuing operations 
255,617 
441,506 
688,951 
507,682 
Profit / (Loss) for the period from discontinued 
operations 
865 
102,127 
223,297 
42,453 
PROFIT / (LOSS) FOR THE PERIOD 
256,482 
543,633 
912,248 
550,135 
Attributable to: 
  
  
  
  
Owners of parent from continuing operations 
244,783 
387,447 
628,293 
484,469 
Non-controlling interest from continuing operations 
10,834 
54,059 
60,658 
23,213 
Owners of parent from discontinued operations 
865 
102,127 
223,297 
42,453 
Non-controlling interest from discontinued 
operations 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Owners of parent 
245,648 
489,574 
851,590 
526,922 
Non-controlling interest 
10,834 
54,059 
60,658 
23,213 
Basic earnings per share attributable to owners of 
the parent (HUF) cont.op. 
328.77 
528.80 
851.01 
673.35 
Diluted earnings per share attributable to owners of 
the parent (HUF)  cont.op. 
327.97 
524.96 
848.94 
668.37 
Basic earnings per share attributable to owners of 
the parent (HUF) discont.op. 
1.16 
139.39 
302.45 
59.00 
Diluted earnings per share attributable to owners of 
the parent (HUF)  discont.op. 
1.16 
138.38 
301.71 
58.57 
Basic earnings per share attributable to owners of 
the parent (HUF) 
329.93 
668.19 
1,153.46 
732.36 
Diluted earnings per share attributable to owners of 
the parent (HUF) 
329.13 
663.34 
1,150.65 
726.94

--- Page 126 ---
126 
 
 
3. 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 
The following table shows the cash flow of MOL for the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021, and the 
six months ended 30 June 2023 and 2022: 
 
 
Six months ended 30 June 
Year ended 31 December 
2023 
Unaudited 
2022 
Unaudited 
2022 
Audited 
2021 
Audited 
 
 
(Restated) 
  
HUF million 
HUF million 
HUF million 
HUF million 
Profit/(Loss) before tax from continuing 
operation 
287,417 
577,274 
1,155,294 
554,618 
Profit/(Loss) before tax from discontinued 
operation 
865 
104,241 
225,410 
37,220 
Profit/(Loss) before tax 
288,282 
681,515 
1,380,704 
591,838 
Adjustments to reconcile profit before tax to 
net cash provided by operating activities 
 
 
 
 
Depreciation, 
depletion, amortisation and 
impairment 
187,396 
154,799 
458,242 
513,735 
Increase/(decrease) in provisions 
(57,118) 
(42,352) 
31,816 
25,309 
Net 
(gain)/loss 
on 
asset 
disposal 
and 
divestments 
(12,512) 
(3,419) 
(98,120) 
(4,262) 
Net interest expense/(income) 
(8,119) 
5,592 
5,902 
27,365 
Other finance expense/(income) 
(26,574) 
4,477 
53,952 
8,900 
Share of after-tax results of associates and joint 
ventures 
(6,910) 
(5,513) 
29,486 
(21,515) 
Other items 
(30,297) 
172,408 
134,088 
96,109 
Income taxes paid 
(274,602) 
(66,497) 
(124,937) 
(41,221) 
Cash flows from operations before changes 
in working capital 
59,546 
901,010 
1,871,133 
1,196,258 
Change in working capital 
217,803 
(552,965) 
(482,387) 
(278,192) 
(Increase)/decrease in inventories 
184,554 
(297,603) 
(271,245) 
(244,335) 
(Increase)/decrease 
in 
trade 
and 
other 
receivables 
(5,831) 
(451,270) 
(629,517) 
(275,229) 
(Increase/(decrease) 
in 
trade 
and 
other 
payables 
(192,290) 
125,874 
204,818 
266,673 
(Increase)/decrease 
in 
other 
assets 
and 
liabilities 
231,370 
70,034 
213,557 
(25,301) 
Cash flows from operations 
277,349 
348,045 
1,388,746 
918,066 
Capital expenditures 
(176,956) 
(247,270) 
(615,922) 
(499,838) 
Proceeds from disposal of fixed assets 
15,082 
5,255 
22,212 
5,882 
Acquisition of businesses (net of cash) 
(109,546) 
(12,117) 
(193,685) 
(2,411) 
Proceeds from disposal of businesses (net of 
cash) 
46,228 
- 
(34,694) 
1,089 
(Increase)/Decrease in other financial assets 
(61,415) 
(35,562) 
(83,231) 
(27,862) 
Interest received and other finance income 
19,531 
6,494 
26,559 
4,595 
Dividends received 
4,974 
11,453 
24,266 
36,976 
Cash flows used in investing activities 
(262,101) 
(271,747) 
(854,495) 
(481,569) 
Proceeds from issue of bonds, notes and 
debentures 
- 
- 
- 
132,271 
Proceeds from borrowings 
(279,735) 
(4) 
1,226,532 
814,220 
Repayments of borrowings 
346,030 
957,178 
(1,380,177) 
(1,118,156) 
Interest paid and other finance expense 
(155,866) 
(668,393) 
(23,896) 
(25,524) 
Dividends paid to owners of parent 
(14,419) 
(1,055) 
(191,236) 
(59,404)

--- Page 127 ---
127 
 
 
 
Six months ended 30 June 
Year ended 31 December 
2023 
Unaudited 
2022 
Unaudited 
2022 
Audited 
2021 
Audited 
 
 
(Restated) 
  
HUF million 
HUF million 
HUF million 
HUF million 
Dividends paid to non-controlling interest 
(6) 
(4) 
(27,054) 
(13,545) 
Transactions with non-controlling interest 
(297) 
(281) 
- 
(361) 
Net issue / repurchase of treasury shares 
- 
16,576 
16,576 
(2,026) 
Other changes in equity 
- 
- 
(1) 
- 
Cash flows used in financing activities 
(104,293) 
304,017 
(379,256) 
(272,525) 
Currency translation differences relating to 
cash and cash equivalents 
(79,511) 
60,486 
72,802 
10,426 
Increase/(decrease) in cash and cash 
equivalents 
(168,556) 
440,801 
227,797 
174,398 
  
 
 
 
 
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of 
the year 
595,244 
367,447 
367,447 
193,877 
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the 
year 
427,131 
801,505 
595,244 
367,447 
Change in Cash and cash equivalents 
(168,113) 
434,058 
227,797 
173,570 
Change in cash and cash equivalents classified 
as asset held for sale 
- 
7,105 
- 
- 
Change in Overdraft 
(443) 
(362) 
- 
828 
Increase/(decrease) in cash and cash 
equivalents 
(168,556) 
440,801 
227,797 
174,398 
 
Non-IFRS Financial Information 
The table below sets out certain Non-IFRS Financial Information for the periods indicated. 
The following table shows the Group’s reconciliation of EBITDA to EBITDA adjusted for special items and 
Clean CCS-based EBITDA for the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021: 
 
  
HUF billion 
USD million 
Summary of results 
Audited 
FY 2022 
FY 2021 
restated 
Ch % 
FY 2022 
FY 2021 
restated 
Ch % 
Net sales  
9,868.2 
5,766.8 
71 
26,331 
18,978 
39 
EBITDA 
1,734.6 
1,046.0 
66 
4,601 
3,444 
34 
EBITDA adjusted for special items8 
1,734.6 
1,047.6 
66 
4,601 
3,449 
33 
Clean CCS EBITDA  
1,773.9 
997.6 
78 
4,702 
3,285 
43 
Profit from operation  
1,259.1 
567.2 
122 
3,337 
1,871 
78 
Profit from operation excl. special 
items  
1,253.1 
585.9 
114 
3,308 
1,929 
71 
Clean 
CCS-based 
profit 
from 
operation 
1,321.0 
542.1 
144 
3,483 
1,781 
96 
Total finance expense, net 
(74.3) 
(34.1) 
118 
(206) 
(106) 
94 
Net profit attributable to equity 
holders of the parent 
628.3 
484.5 
30 
1,662 
1,610 
3 
Operating cash flow before ch. in 
working capital 
1,871.1 
1,196.3 
56 
5,005 
3,938 
27 
Operating cash flow 
1,388.7 
918.1 
51 
3,557 
3,037 
17 
EARNINGS PER SHARE 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Basic EPS (HUF) 
851.0 
673.4 
26 
2.3 
2.2 
5 
 
8  
No special items recorded for FY 2022 therefore ‘EBITDA ‘equals ‘EBITDA adjusted for special items’ (i.e. HUF 1,734.6 bn EBITDA and 
HUF 1,734.6 bn EBITDA adjusted for special items)

--- Page 128 ---
128 
 
 
Basic EPS excl. special items (HUF) 
882.6 
676.9 
30 
2.4 
2.2 
9 
INDEBTEDNESS 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Simplified Net debt/EBITDA 
0.30 
0.65 
- 
0.30 
0.65 
- 
Net gearing 
11% 
18% 
- 
11% 
18% 
- 
The following table shows the Group’s reconciliation of EBITDA to EBITDA adjusted for special items and 
Clean CCS-based EBITDA for the six months ended 30 June 2023 and 2022: 
 
  
HUF billion 
USD million 
Summary of results 
Unaudited 
HY 2023 
HY 2022 
Ch % 
HY 2023 
HY 2022 
Ch % 
Net sales  
4,007.4 
4,364.6 
(8) 
11,378 
12,625 
(10) 
EBITDA 
433.3 
765.3 
(43) 
1,221 
2,202 
(45) 
EBITDA excl. special items 
433.3 
765.3 
(43) 
1,221 
2,202 
(45) 
Clean CCS-based EBITDA  
399.7 
754.7 
(47) 
1,125 
2,177 
(48) 
Profit from operation  
245.9 
593.3 
(59) 
689 
1,700 
(59) 
Profit from operation excl. special items  
245.9 
548.2 
(55) 
689 
1,569 
(56) 
Clean CCS-based operating profit  
212.3 
537.5 
(61) 
593 
1,545 
(62) 
Net financial gain / (expenses) 
34.6 
(21.5) 
n.a. 
98 
(64) 
n.a. 
Net profit attributable to equity holders 
of the parent 
244.8 
387.4 
(37) 
687 
1,110 
(38) 
Operating cash flow before ch. in working 
capital 
59.5 
901.0 
(93) 
136 
2,604 
(95) 
Operating cash flow 
277.3 
348.0 
(20) 
772 
949 
(19) 
EARNINGS PER SHARE 
  
  
  
 
 
  
Basic EPS (HUF) 
328.8 
528.8 
(38) 
0.9 
1.5 
(39) 
Basic EPS excl. special items (HUF)  
328.8 
467.2 
(30) 
0.9 
1.3 
(31) 
INDEBTEDNESS 
  
  
  
 
 
 
Simplified Net debt/EBITDA 
0.30 
0.45 
- 
0.30 
0.45 
- 
Net gearing 
10% 
14% 
- 
10% 
14% 
- 
 
The following tables show the Group’s reconciliation of EBITDA to EBITDA adjusted for special items and 
Clean CCS-based EBITDA broken down by segments for the six months ended 30 June 2023, 30 June 2022,  
and for the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021: 
 
H1 2023 
HUF million 
Upstream 
Downstream 
Consumer 
Services 
Gas 
Midstream 
Corporate 
and other 
Inter-
segment 
transfers 
Total 
Profit/(loss) from 
operation 
80,745 
95,600 
78,861 
40,724 
(74,514) 
24,446 
245,862 
Depreciation, depletion, 
amortisation and 
impairment 
56,073 
77,932 
26,773 
8,349 
18,749 
(481) 
187,396 
EBITDA 
136,818 
173,532 
105,634 
49,073 
(55,765) 
23,965 
433,258 
Special items 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
EBITDA adjusted for 
special items 
136,818 
173,532 
105,634 
49,073 
(55,765) 
23,965 
433,258 
CCS adjustments: 
- 
3,750 
- 
- 
(3,750) 
- 
- 
Other Clean adjustment 
- 
(62) 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Inventory holding 
gain/(loss) 
- 
39,315 
- 
- 
- 
- 
39,315 
Impairment on raw 
materials and own-
produced inventory 
 
(8,149) 
 
 
 
 
(8,149)

--- Page 129 ---
129 
 
 
     - thereof affects raw 
materials 
- 
339 
- 
- 
- 
- 
339 
     - thereof affects own-
produced inventory 
- 
(9,837) 
- 
- 
- 
- 
(9,837) 
     - thereof affects 
purchased 
goods/products 
inventory 
- 
1,349 
- 
- 
- 
- 
1,349 
Cargo commodity 
derivatives 
- 
(17,947) 
- 
- 
- 
- 
(17,947) 
CO2 adjustment 
- 
(34,999) 
- 
- 
- 
- 
(34,999) 
Impact of derivative 
transactions 
- 
(11,740) 
- 
- 
- 
- 
(11,740) 
Clean CCS EBITDA 
136,818 
143,700 
105,634 
49,073 
(59,514) 
23,965 
399,677 
 
 
H1 2022 
HUF million  
Upstream 
Downstream 
Consumer 
Services 
Gas 
Midstream 
Corporate 
and other 
Inter-
segment 
transfers 
Total 
Profit/(loss) from 
operation 
317,588 
325,373 
17,832 
13,053 
(51,563) 
(28,978) 
593,305 
Depreciation, depletion, 
amortisation and 
impairment 
53,302 
75,415 
19,439 
8,032 
16,366 
(545) 
172,009 
EBITDA 
370,890 
400,788 
37,271 
21,085 
(35,197) 
(29,523) 
765,314 
Special items 
- 
EBITDA adjusted for 
special items 
370,890 
400,788 
37,271 
21,085 
(35,197) 
(29,523) 
765,314 
CCS adjustments: 
- 
2,322 
- 
- 
(2,322) 
- 
- 
Other Clean adjustment 
- 
107 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Inventory holding 
gain/(loss) 
- 
(152,175) 
- 
- 
- 
- 
(152,175) 
Impairment on raw 
materials and own-
produced inventory 
- 
1,003 
- 
- 
- 
- 
1,003 
     - thereof affects raw 
materials 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
     - thereof affects own-
produced inventory 
- 
544 
- 
- 
- 
- 
544 
     - thereof affects 
purchased 
goods/products 
inventory 
- 
459 
- 
- 
- 
- 
459 
Cargo commodity 
derivatives 
- 
160,416 
- 
- 
- 
- 
160,416 
CO2 adjustment 
- 
(24,102) 
- 
- 
- 
- 
(24,102) 
Impact of derivative 
transactions 
- 
4,103 
- 
- 
- 
- 
4,103 
Clean CCS EBITDA 
370,890 
392,461 
37,271 
21,085 
(37,519) 
(29,523) 
754,665

--- Page 130 ---
130 
 
 
FY 2022 
HUF million 
Upstream 
Downstream 
Consumer 
Services 
Gas 
Midstream 
Corporate 
and other 
Inter-
segment 
transfers 
Total 
Profit/(loss) from 
operation 
613,917 
636,070 
76,573 
44,310 
(99,694) 
(12,064) 
1,259,112 
Depreciation, depletion, 
amortisation and 
impairment 
213,570 
168,724 
44,671 
16,726 
33,343 
(1,501) 
475,533 
EBITDA 
827,487 
804,794 
121,244 
61,036 
(66,351) 
(13,565) 
1,734,645 
Special items 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
EBITDA adjusted for 
special items 
827,487 
804,794 
121,244 
61,036 
(66,351) 
(13,565) 
1,734,645 
CCS adjustments: 
4,377 
(4,377) 
 
Inventory holding 
gain/(loss) 
- 
(82,167) 
- 
- 
- 
- 
(82,167) 
Impairment on raw 
materials and own-
produced inventory 
 
18,693 
 
 
 
 
18,693 
     - thereof affects raw 
materials 
- 
134 
- 
- 
- 
- 
134 
     - thereof affects own-
produced inventory 
- 
13,426 
- 
- 
- 
- 
13,426 
     - thereof affects 
purchased 
goods/products 
inventory 
- 
5,133 
- 
- 
- 
- 
5,133 
Cargo commodity 
derivatives 
- 
103,396 
- 
- 
- 
- 
103,396 
CO2 adjustment 
- 
4,111 
- 
- 
- 
- 
4,111 
Impact of derivative 
transactions 
(4,770) 
(4,770) 
Clean CCS EBITDA 
827,487 
848,433 
121,244 
61,036 
(70,728) 
(13,565) 
1,773,908 
 
FY 2021 
(restated) 
HUF million 
Upstream 
Downstream 
Consumer 
Services 
Gas 
Midstream 
Corporate 
and other 
Inter-
segment 
transfers 
Total 
Profit/(loss) from 
operation 
156,904 
348,901 
143,404 
24,534 
(74,574) 
(31,983) 
567,186 
Depreciation, depletion, 
amortisation and 
impairment 
238,661 
151,840 
39,129 
16,640 
33,577 
(992) 
478,856 
EBITDA 
395,565 
500,741 
182,533 
41,174 
(40,997) 
(32,975) 
1,046,042 
Special items 
4,295 
- 
- 
- 
(2,707) 
- 
1,588 
EBITDA adjusted for 
special items 
399,860 
500,741 
182,533 
41,174 
(43,704) 
(32,975) 
1,047,629 
CCS adjustments: 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Inventory holding 
gain/(loss) 
- 
(139,733) 
- 
- 
- 
- 
(139,733) 
Impairment on raw 
materials and own-
produced inventory 
 
746 
 
 
 
 
746 
     - thereof affects raw 
materials 
- 
(11) 
- 
- 
- 
- 
(11)

--- Page 131 ---
131 
 
 
     - thereof affects own-
produced inventory 
- 
454 
- 
- 
- 
- 
454 
     - thereof affects 
purchased 
goods/products 
inventory 
- 
303 
- 
- 
- 
- 
303 
Cargo commodity 
derivatives 
- 
80,260 
- 
- 
- 
- 
80,260 
CO2 adjustment 
- 
637 
- 
- 
- 
- 
637 
Impact of derivative 
transactions 
- 
8,045 
- 
- 
- 
- 
8,045 
Clean CCS EBITDA 
399,860 
450,696 
182,533 
41,174 
(43,704) 
(32,975) 
997,584

--- Page 132 ---
132 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF MGF 
GENERAL 
MGF was incorporated in Hungary as a private company limited by shares with unlimited duration on 22 
December 2010 under registration number Cg.01-10-046880 with the Metropolitan Court of Budapest acting 
as Court of Registarion. The registered office of MGF is at Dombóvári út 28., 1117 Budapest, Hungary, 
telephone number +36 1 209 0000.  
As of 31 December 2022, the issued share capital of MGF was HUF 300,000,000 consisting of 30,000 of “A” 
shares of par value of HUF 10,000 MGF operates as a single-member limited company and the sole shareholder 
of MGF is MOL (Sole Shareholder). MGF’s latest Articles of Association are dated 18 November 2022. 
The financial year of MGF is the calendar year.  
The current auditors of MGF are Deloitte Könyvvizsgáló és Tanácsadó Kft., who have been appointed until 
31 May 2024.  
BUSINESS 
As set out in article 5 (Scope of activities of the Limited Company) of MGF’s articles of association, MGF 
was incorporated for the purpose of, among other things, granting credit outside the regular banking system 
for the purposes of group financing for which the authorisation of MNB is not required under the relevant laws 
and regulations. This is limited to transactions with the Sole Shareholder, and subsidiaries of the Sole 
Shareholder.  
MGF’s activities are governed mainly by its articles of association and the Act V of 2013 on the Civil Code 
(the “Civil Code”). 
There are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are 
pending or threatened of which MGF is aware) in the 12 months preceding the date of this Base Prospectus 
which may have or have in such period had a significant effect on the financial position or profitability of 
MGF.  
MANAGEMENT 
MGF complies with the corporate governance regime of Hungary. MGF is led by a Board of Directors that is 
responsible for defining and implementing MGF’s objectives, in alignment with the MOL Group’s strategy. 
MGF operates as a single-member limited company where the powers of the General Meeting are exercised 
by the Sole Shareholder. 
The Board of Directors of MGF is appointed by the Sole Shareholder for an indefinite period of time. Its 
activities include, among others, to carry out the managerial functions of MGF, to oversee MGF’s 
management, to define MGF’s business and development objecting and to ensure that the MGF’s books are 
properly maintained.  
Members of the Board of Directors of MGF as at the date of this Base Prospectus are Zsolt Abonyi, Péter 
Szabó, Ilona Fodor, Dr. László Pálfalvi, Balázs Viktor Haszonics. 
The business address of each member of MGF’s Board of Directors is Dombóvári út 28., 1117 Budapest, 
Hungary.

--- Page 133 ---
133 
 
 
Mr. Zsolt Abonyi 
Mr. Abonyi worked at McKinsey&Co. between 2005 and 2012 focusing on clients in the Financial Services 
and Oil&Gas sectors. He has held several leadership roles in MOL Group Finance since 2013 including Head 
of Group Downstream Finance, MOL Hungary CFO and currently he is the Group Treasurer. He is the 
Chairman of the Board of Directors of MOL Reinsurance Co. DAC and MOL Group Finance Zrt. since 2021 
and is also a BoD member in ENEOS MOL Synthetic Rubber Ltd. since 2020. Mr. Abonyi has an MBA from 
Kellogg School of Management, Northwestern University and an MSc. in Corporate Finance from Corvinus 
University of Budapest. 
Mr. Péter Szabó 
Mr. Szabó graduated at Corvinus University of Budapest as Economist (Msc), with Accounting major and he 
did the double degree Executive MBA program of the Corvinus University of Budapest and the University of 
Maastricht, Netherlands. He worked as an auditor at Deloitte and gained more than 10 years of experience in 
the financial sector in different risk and accounting leader roles. Currently he is acting as Senior Vice President 
of Group Business Solutions at MOL Group, moreover he leads MOL GBS Hungary as acting CEO. Besides 
being a Board member of MGF Plc, in August 2023 Mr. Szabó became a Supervisory Board member of Trs 
d.o.o. (a MOL Group company) as well. 
Ms. Ilona Fodor 
Ms. Fodor graduated from the Corvinus University of Budapest with a Master’s Degree in Business 
Administration. She worked at MOL Group for almost 20 years holding various expert-and managerial 
positions. She specialized for Mergers & Acquisitions and managed various international M&A projects. 
Starting 2017 she has been managing her own company, specialized in manufacturing textile materials. 
Besides being a Board member of MGF Plc, she is a member of the Supervisory Board of Lead Ventures Ltd, 
venture capital and private equity fund. 
Dr. László Pálfalvi 
Mr. Pálfalvi has been working as a reporting advisor for many years. He has held various financial managerial 
positions in MOL Group including head of Group Reporting and Managing Director of the Group’s captive 
SSC. He was serving as member of the Supervisory Board of Slovanft between 2013 and 2015. He also spent 
several years in Big4 audit companies. Mr. Pálfalvi has recently managed several large-scale reporting and 
process management projects with both domestic and international scope encompassing various industries 
including energy, renewables, manufacturing, IT / telecommunications and pharmaceuticals. 
Mr. Balázs Viktor Haszonics 
Mr. Haszonics started his career in the finance sector, working at ING Bank, MSCI Barra and PwC M&A. 
Later he spent 6 years at MOL Group, where he held various advisory and managerial roles in Strategy and 
Finance areas. He joined Lead Ventures in 2017 as a CFO and took over the CEO role in 2023. He earned his 
Applied Finance degree at the Macquarie University, Sydney. 
The directors confirm that there is no conflict of interest between their duties as director of MGF and their 
principal and/or other outside activities. 
The Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of MGF is responsible for the operational management of the company 
based on the Articles of Association, the resolutions of the Sole Shareholder and the Board of Directors and in 
compliance with the authorizations approved by the Board of Directors. The CEO shall be the head of MGF’s 
labour organisation. The CEO exercises the employer’s rights over the employees of MGF, with the exception 
of the CFO. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the CEO of MGF is Csilla Meggyes.

--- Page 134 ---
134 
 
 
MGF does not have a supervisory board.

--- Page 135 ---
135 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF MOL AND THE GROUP 
INTRODUCTION 
MOL Hungarian Oil and Gas Public Limited Company is the parent company of its corporate group. The 
Group is an integrated oil and gas group in CEE which is primarily engaged in the exploration and production 
of crude oil and natural gas, the refining of crude oil, wholesale of refined petroleum products, the production 
and sale of petrochemicals and the retail of fuel and various non-fuel products and a wide range of mobility 
solutions (as detailed below). In addition, the Group is involved in gas infrastructure services.  
The Group operates through several direct and indirect, wholly owned, majority owned or minority owned 
subsidiaries. Its operations are divided into the following four segments, as at the date of this Base Prospectus: 
• 
the exploration and production segment with presence in nine countries, including oil and gas 
production activities in seven countries and exploration activities in seven countries (the Upstream 
Segment); 
• 
the downstream segment, that operates three refineries and two petrochemical production units in CEE 
and is engaged in the wholesale of petroleum and petrochemical products (the Downstream 
Segment);  
• 
the consumer services segment, that operates around 2,400 fillings stations across CEE and provides 
a wide range of mobility solutions (the Consumer Services Segment); and 
• 
the gas midstream segment, fully operated by MOL’s wholly-owned Subsidiary FGSZ Ltd. (“FGSZ”), 
consisting of an almost 6,000 km long pipeline system ensuring natural gas transmission in Hungary 
(the Gas Midstream Segment). 
Based on the market capitalisation for 2022, MOL is one of the largest oil and gas companies in CEE and, as 
at 30 June 2023, its market capitalisation was HUF 2,451,468 billion (approximately USD 7.17 billion).  
OVERVIEW OF THE 2022 RESULTS 
The tables below show the breakdown of EBITDA and Clean CCS-based EBITDA between the Group’s 
different businesses for the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021, both in HUF and USD. 
 
 
FY 2022 
FY 2021 
(restated) 
EBITDA 
HUF billion 
USD 
million(1) 
HUF billion 
USD 
million(1) 
Upstream 
827.5 
2,212 
395.6 
1,297 
Downstream 
804.8 
2,127 
500.7 
1,653 
Gas Midstream 
61.0 
163 
41.2 
136 
Consumer Services 
121.2 
320 
182.5 
605 
Corporate and other 
(66.4) 
(181) 
(41.0) 
(135) 
Intersegment transfers 
(13.6) 
(41) 
(33.0) 
(112) 
Total EBITDA 
1,734.6 
4,600 
1,046 
3,444 
 
(1) 
The method of calculating the FX Rates used for the HUF – USD conversion in this table is set out the section entitled 
“Presentation of Financial Information – Currencies” above.

--- Page 136 ---
136 
 
 
 
FY 2022 
FY 2021 
(restated) 
EBITDA Excluding Special Items 
HUF billion 
USD 
million(1) 
HUF billion 
USD 
million(1) 
Upstream 
827.5 
2,212 
399.9 
1,310 
Downstream 
804.8 
2,127 
500.7 
1,653 
Downstream – clean CCS-based 
848.4 
2,240 
450.7 
1,489 
Gas Midstream 
61.0 
163 
41.2 
136 
Consumer Services 
121.2 
320 
182.5 
605 
Corporate and other 
(66.4) 
(181) 
(43.7) 
(144) 
Corporate and other – clean CCS-based 
(70.7) 
(193) 
(43.7) 
(144) 
Intersegment transfers 
(13.6) 
(41) 
(33.0) 
(111) 
Total – Clean CCS-based EBITDA 
1,773.9 
4,702 
997.6 
3,285 
(1) 
The method of calculating the FX Rates used for the HUF – USD conversion in this table is set out the section entitled “Presentation of 
Financial Information – Currencies” above.  
In 2022 the Group recorded its highest ever Clean CCS EBITDA of HUF 1,773.9 billion (USD 4,702 million), 
78 per cent. higher in HUF terms than in the previous year and significantly exceeding the expectations of 
around USD 2.8 billion. At the same time cash flow generation was positively impacted by a HUF 482.4 billion 
(USD 1,448 million) increase in Working Capital; accordingly cash flows from operations after Working 
Capital stood at HUF 1,388.7 billion (USD 3,557 million) in 2022. Furthermore government interventions 
such as the fuel price regulation and windfall taxation across the CEE region reduced results by USD 1.6 
billion at an EBITDA level in 2022. 
The Upstream Segment’s EBITDA, excluding special items, reached HUF 827.5 billion (USD 2,212 million) 
in 2022, representing a 107 per cent. increase compared to 2021 on the back of rising oil and gas prices.  
In 2022, the Downstream Segment generated HUF 848.4 billion (USD 2,240 million) Clean CCS EBITDA, 
which is 88 per cent. higher than the previous year’s performance. This significant increase was attributable 
to exceptional motor fuel crack spreads, an unprecedented widening of the Brent-Ural spread driving a 
significant rise of EBITDA, while petrochemical margins decreased significantly resulting in its lower 
contribution to the results compared to the previous year.  
The Consumer Services Segment’s EBITDA decreased by 34 per cent. in 2022, reaching HUF 121.2 billion 
(USD 320 million) as fuel price regulation in various CEE countries dented profitability, at the same time fuel 
sales volumes and non-fuel margin improved. 
EBITDA for the Gas Midstream Segment reached HUF 61.0 billion (USD 163 million) in 2022, representing 
an increase of 48 per cent. compared to 2021, despite a challenging external environment throughout 2022. 
The financial result was determined mainly by a deteriorating economic environment (e.g. fluctuating energy 
prices) and strong demand for transportation services; at the same time cross-border capacity demands rose 
significantly and changes of regulated tariffs were favourable as well. 
Total capital expenditure (including the downstream segment capital expenditure) in 2022 reached HUF 759.2 
billion (USD 2,012 million), increasing by 57 per cent. year-on-year largely due to the acquisition cost of the 
LOTOS Paliwa (Lotos) network in Poland which is considered as Inorganic CAPEX covered by total CAPEX. 
Organic CAPEX reached similar levels in USD terms in 2022 as in 2021. The implementation of the MOL 
Group’s transformational projects (the Polyol and Rijeka Refinery upgrade) continued, while Sustain CAPEX 
was mainly influenced by the refinery turnarounds, the ACG oil field development and the implementation of 
smaller projects in the Downstream Segment.

--- Page 137 ---
137 
 
 
Cash flows from operations before working capital increased by 56 per cent. in 2022 year-on-year, to HUF 
1,871.1 billion (USD 5,005 million), while a significant increase in working capital resulted in increased 
operating cash flow generation to HUF 1,388.7 billion (USD 3,557 million) in 2022. 
Indebtedness on a Simplified Net Debt/EBITDA basis declined to 0.30x from 0.65x, as strong cash flows from 
operations covered Organic CAPEX and Inorganic CAPEX as well as payment of the high dividend distributed 
by MOL in 2022. 
The Group’s Clean CCS EBITDA, Transformational CAPEX, Sustain CAPEX and Simplified free cash flow 
for the years ended 31 December 2018 to 31 December 2022 are set out in the table below. 
 
2018 
2019 
2020 
2021 
2022 
 
 
 
Clean CCS EBITDA (USD bn) 
2.7 
2.4 
2.0 
3.3 
4.7 
Transformational CAPEX (USD bn)) 
0.2 
0.7 
0.4 
0.3 
0.4 
Sustain CAPEX (USD bn) 
1.1 
1.3 
1.0 
1.2 
1.2 
Simplified free cash flow (USD bn) 
1.4 
0.4 
0.6 
1.8 
3.1 
 
The Group’s Clean CCS EBITDA for the years ended 31 December 2018 to 31 December 2022 broken down 
by key segments are set out in the table below. 
 
Clean CCS EBITDA (USD bn) 
2018 
2019 
2020 
2021 
2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Upstream Segment 
1.27 
1.05 
0.69 
1.30 
2.21 
Downstream 
1.00 
0.87 
0.74 
1.49 
2.24 
Consumer Services 
0.42 
0.47 
0.51 
0.60 
0.32 
Gas Midstream 
0.19 
0.19 
0.20 
0.14 
0.16 
Corporate and other 
(0.15) 
(0.13) 
(0.13) 
(0.14) 
(0.18) 
Intersegment Transfers 
(0.04) 
(0.01) 
0.04 
(0.11) 
(0.04) 
Total Clean CCS EBITDA 
2.69 
2.44 
2.05 
3.28 
4.71 
 
The Group’s profit from operation for the years ended 31 December 2018 to 31 December 2022 together with 
breakdown by key segments are set out in the table below. 
 
Profit from operation (USD bn) 
2018 
2019 
2020 
2021 
2022 
 
 
 
Upstream Segment 
0.53 
0.47 
-0.16 
0.51 
1.65 
Downstream 
0.60 
0.28 
0.03 
1.15 
1.67 
Consumer Services 
0.32 
0.35 
0.37 
0.48 
0.20 
Gas Midstream & Other 
-0.15 
-0.09 
-0.02 
-0.27 
-0.19 
Total profit from operation  
1.30 
1.01 
0.22 
1.87 
3.34 
OVERVIEW OF THE FIRST HALF 2023 RESULTS 
In H1 2023, Clean CCS EBITDA decreased by 48 per cent. year-on-year to USD 1,125 million, while 
operating cash flow generation after working capital stood at USD 772 million.  
Windfall taxation continues to exert pressure on group financials and caused a decrease in EBITDA by 
approximately USD 600 million in Q2 2023, USD 315 million of which relates to the net revenue based tax 
introduced as of 1 April as the FY 2023 burden was recognised fully in Q2 EBITDA.

--- Page 138 ---
138 
 
 
The Downstream Segment’s CCS EBITDA was down to USD 402 million in H1 2023 due to the regulatory 
impact, and margin pressure in both Petchem and the R&M segment. The Consumer Services Segment 
performed well in H1 2023 and EBITDA reached USD 301 million as the share of non-fuel revenue continued 
to increase. The Upstream Segment’s EBITDA stood at USD 382 million in H1 2023 as the extra royalty levy 
and the net revenue based tax in Hungary hit results significantly, while hydrocarbon prices continued to trend 
downwards and a 5 per cent. production outage in Q2 2023 also affected operations negatively. 
EXTERNAL ENVIRONMENT* AND MOL CLEAN CCS EBITDA (USD MILLION) 
 
* The quarterly % values of the Refinery Margin, Petchem Margin and Brent price are measured against their respective maximum values (100%) in 
the period of Q1 2012 – Q2 2023 100% equals to the following values: Brent-based Refining Margin: 16.4 USD/bbl; MOL Group Petrochemicals 
margin: 949.1 EUR/t; Brent crude: 119 USD/bbl Represented for continuing operations, i.e. excluding UK.

--- Page 139 ---
139 
 
 
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS 
Russia-Ukraine conflict 
Russia’s invasion of Ukraine that commenced on 24 February 2022 could have economic implications for the 
MOL Group. The Group’s management is continuously investigating and assessing the possible effects of the 
current geopolitical situation, international sanctions and other possible limitations on the supply chain and 
business activities.  
MOL Group is exposed to Russia mainly through BaiTex Llc. and related receivables. BaiTex Llc. is the holder 
of the hydrocarbon licences for Baituganskoye field and Yerilkinsky block in the Volga-Ural region in Russia. 
The MOL Group acquired BaiTex Llc. in 2006 and later formed a strategic partnership with Turkish Petroleum 
Corporation, transferring 49 per cent. of its BaiTex Llc. shares to the latter in 2014. Payments made by BaiTex 
Llc. to MOL Group in 2022 are held in a restricted bank account as a result of counter-sanctions by Russia, 
and therefore these amounts are not available for general use by MOL Group. MOL Group impaired all the 
investment value, receivables, and the restricted bank account balance in 2022 (investment value as at 31 
December 2021 was HUF 19,678 million). MOL Group exposure to Ukraine is not material. 
MOL Group’s refining business is exposed to the physical flow of crude oil through the transportation system 
in Russia and Ukraine. The physical flow of crude oil from Russia via the Friendship pipeline has been 
periodically disrupted due to war damage on Ukrainian energy infrastructure. In case of any disruption to the 
Friendship pipeline, an alternative supply route from the Mediterranean Sea, via Croatia, exists that can supply 
MOL Group refineries in Hungary and Slovakia with seaborne cargoes of crude oil. The EU has imposed a 
partial embargo on Russian crude oil imports as of 5 December 2022 and on Russian petroleum product 
imports as of 5 February 2023. At the same time, a ban on the export of petroleum products obtained from 
Russian crude oil has been put in place. However, the regulations allow for the continued import of Russian 
crude oil by pipeline, including to Hungary and Slovakia, as well as the continued export of petroleum products 
obtained from Russian crude oil (a) from Slovakia to the Czech Republic until 5 December 2023 and( b) from 
Hungary and Slovakia indefinitely as long as the percentage of exports do not exceed the percentage of crude 
of non-Russian origin blended with Russian crude as refinery feedstock (i.e. non-Russian sources limit the 
export amount). 
The Group’s management is taking actions to manage the risk of possible crude oil supply disruption, including 
consideration of using alternative supply routes of sufficient capacity. MOL Group has access to state reserves 
which enables it to supply its markets in case of disruptions to the Friendship pipeline. The Group launched a 
crude oil diversification programme in 2022 to ease the pressure on supply security caused by the Russia–
Ukraine war and EU sanctions on Russian oil exports. The programme aims to diversify the source of crude 
oil supply for the Group's refineries and reduce or eliminate the dependence on Russian crude imports. MOL 
evaluated 27 projects that could enable the processing of non-Russian crude types and approved the project 
preparation documents in 2022. The project is to be executed in stages, depending on the availability of crude 
supply, logistics, and market conditions enabling MOL to increase its non-Russian crude processing 
capabilities to 100 per cent. by 2025. The programme aims to enhance MOL's flexibility and resilience in the 
volatile and uncertain oil market. 
Windfall Taxes  
As a result of the Russia-Ukraine conflict and the energy crisis, the Hungarian government and the EU have 
introduced a number of significant measures as a response to the surge in energy prices, which also affect the 
MOL Group.  
a) 
Mining royalty effective from 1 August 2022 
Mineral resources and geothermal energy, at the places where they are found in nature, are state 
property and subject to concession and the mining company must pay a mining royalty, based on the

--- Page 140 ---
140 
 
 
quantity of the mineral resources extracted under authority permit. From 1 August 2022, the Hungarian 
Government tripled the fixed parts of the oil and gas royalty rates for the categories that cover the 
majority of MOL’s production. Final effective rates include unchanged adjusting elements dependent 
on the spot Brent and TTF prices. The unit values that are determined by Government Decree to be 
used for calculating the royalty base include minimum thresholds for 2023 and 2024. Production to be 
taken into account for the tax base in the period concerned cannot be lower than the 2021 level. In the 
event of a technical impediment or major event impacting production, approval is to be requested from 
the Mining Authority for the lower production. If the lower production is unjustified, the Mining 
Authority will still impose the additional mining royalty. 
b) 
Extra profit tax on Brent-Ural spread 
From 1 January 2022, the Hungarian government has introduced a Brent-Ural spread-based tax, which 
tax rate is 25 per cent. of the Brent-Ural spread on Ural type crude oil procurement. According to the 
amendment to the extra profit tax regulation issued by the Hungarian Government on 30 July 2022 
effective from 1 August 2022 the Brent-Ural spread based extra profit tax rate on Ural type crude oil 
procurement has been modified to 40 per cent.. According to the amendment to the extra profit tax 
regulation issued by the Hungarian Government on 18 December 2022, the Brent-Ural spread based 
extra profit tax rate on Ural type crude oil procurement has been increased to 95 per cent. From Q2 
2023, the tax based on the Brent-Ural spread is 95 per cent. of the spread minus USD 7.5. At the same 
time, a net revenue based tax was introduced based on the 2022 net sales revenues with a tax rate of 
2.8 per cent. The net revenue based tax (levied on the Hungarian operations) is also in effect for 2024, 
although with a lower tax rate (1 per cent. instead of 2.8 per cent.) The tax base remains the same: net 
sales revenue of the Hungarian operations in 2022. 
c) 
Retail tax 
In the retail sector surtaxes were payable in 2022 and new tax rates are applicable for 2023. The 
Hungarian Government introduced an additional retail tax effective from 1 July 2022 due to which 80 
per cent. of the 2021 tax had to be paid as a one-off additional tax payment in 2022. For 2023, tax rate 
per revenue ranges will increase: in the range of HUF 500 million – HUF 30 billion the rate will 
increase from 0.1 per cent. to 0.15 per cent., in the range of HUF 30 billion – HUF 100 billion the rate 
will increase from 0.4 per cent. to 1 per cent. and above HUF 100 billion the rate will increase from 
2.7 per cent. to 4.1 per cent. From 2024, the tax rate for the highest revenue rate will be increased to 
4.5 per cent. The scope of the tax is retail activities such as retail sale of foods, beverages, appliances 
etc. and, therefore, it includes the retail business line of the Consumer Services Segment of the Group. 
d) 
Solidarity contribution 
On 6 October 2022, the Council of the European Union adopted a Regulation on „an emergency 
intervention to address high energy prices”. One of the measures of the Regulation is the temporary 
Solidarity Contribution. The Solidarity Contribution applies to EU companies and permanent 
establishments with certain activities in the crude petroleum, natural gas, coal and refinery sectors. 
The base of the Solidarity Contribution is taxable profits realised in 2022 and/or 2023 which represent 
more than a 20 per cent. increase of the average taxable profits realised in the four preceding fiscal 
years. The applicable rate is a minimum of 33 per cent. Member States are required to apply the 
Solidarity Contribution unless they have enacted equivalent national measures.  
e) 
CO2 Tax 
In July 2023 the Hungarian government introduced CO2 tax from 1 January 2023 (retrospectively). 40 
EUR/t has to be paid after total CO2 emission by each company with significant free quota allocation.

--- Page 141 ---
141 
 
 
In the MOL Group’s statement of profit or loss, the mining royalty, the extra profit tax and retail tax (are 
recorded in other operating expenses and the solidarity contribution is recorded as income tax expense. The 
windfall taxes were considered when assessing the concerned assets recoverability.  
Price regulations 
The unprecedented increase in EU gas prices had a damaging impact on the EU economy, increasing the 
financial burden on energy customers and challenging security of supply for the EU market. The rise, linked 
to the increase of wholesale energy prices globally, started back in 2021 in the wake of the COVID-19 
pandemic and growing international demand. The ongoing military aggression by Russia against Ukraine and 
Russia’s weaponisation of gas supplies continue to affect markets and present security of supply challenges 
for the EU. In addition, the unusually high gas prices have contributed to rising inflation. 
As a response to the high gas prices, EU countries have agreed on market correction mechanisms which limit 
episodes of extraordinarily high gas prices in the EU and thus reduce the impact of price hikes on EU citizens 
and the economy.  
The Hungarian Government responded to the surge in energy prices by capping the fuel price for retailers and 
wholesalers. The cap for retailers began on 15 November 2021 and for wholesalers on 28 February 2022. The 
regulation was modified several times and the last version of the retail price cap narrowed eligibility to private 
consumers only with a Hungarian licence plate. Both price caps were lifted on 7 December 2022.  
The Croatian Government introduced a gas sales price cap from Q4 2022 for all domestically produced gas 
limiting the sales price to 41 EUR/MWh which was supposed to be in force until Q1 2024 but was discontinued 
in July 2023. The Government of Croatia decided in October 2021 to limit the prices on fuel products initially 
for 90 days. Since then, the regulation has been modified more than 40 times. Currently a margin cap is in 
place on main grade gasoline and diesel for the entire retail network.  
The Slovenian Government introduced price cap regulation in March 2022 which changed to a margin cap as 
of 21 June 2022, which has been extended indefinitely. The Romanian government introduced fuel price 
compensation from 1 July 2022 allowing fuel companies to grant a fixed amount of discounts and then apply 
for a partial amount of compensation. The period in which this regulation was in place was extended and 
adjusted several times. It was in place until 31 December 2022. 
In addition to EU countries, the Serbian Government also introduced a retail fuel price cap on 12 February 
2022 for main grade products.Since then the regulation has gone through several changes but is still in effect. 
The Bosnian Government introduced a fuel margin cap in April 2021 which is still in force. 
The MOL Group considered price regulations when assessing the recoverability of assets in case the 
regulations were effective in the next financial year. 
Waste management concession 
On 15 July 2022, MOL was announced as the winner of the Hungarian state concession tender covering 
municipal waste management services. The concession agreement covers a period of 35 years with a 
commencement date of 1 July 2023. According to the agreement, MOL is responsible for the collection of 
close to 5 million tonnes of municipal solid waste and ensuring its treatment. Compensation for the waste 
management services to be provided under the concession agreement is cost based to cover the main expenses.  
MOL can benefit from the revenues generated by selling the recyclable materials that are extracted and 
processed from the waste. MOL has also committed to invest USD 600 – 800 million in the next 10 years to 
develop the existing system and to establish waste-to-energy generation capacities. These investments will 
contribute towards the MOL 2030+ Strategy of achieving USD 1 billion CAPEX ambition into circular 
economy in line with MOL 2030+ strategy (see “Strategy” below).

--- Page 142 ---
142 
 
 
CORPORATE HISTORY 
The legal name of MOL is MOL Hungarian Oil and Gas Public Limited Company (in Hungarian: MOL 
Magyar Olaj- és Gázipari Nyilvánosan Működő Részvénytársaság), abbreviated to MOL Plc. (in Hungarian: 
MOL Nyrt.). It also operates under the commercial name MOL. MOL’s registered office is at Dombóvári út 
28, Budapest, H-1117 Hungary, telephone number +36 1 209 0000. The MOL Group’s website is 
https://molgroup.info/en. MOL was founded on 1 October 1991 as the legal successor to the state owned 
Országos Kőolaj és Gázipari Tröszt (OKGT) as well as nine companies which had previously been part of 
OKGT, and was incorporated in Hungary under Act VI of 1988, Act XIII of 1989, Act VII of 1990 and 
Government Resolution No. 3149/1991 (IV.11.). MOL was registered as a company limited by shares on 10 
June 1992, under registration number Cg. 01-10-041683 by the Metropolitan Court in Budapest acting as Court 
of Registration, and it was founded for an indefinite period. 
The privatisation of MOL began in November 1995 with the listing of MOL’s shares on the Budapest Stock 
Exchange and global depositary receipts at the Luxembourg Stock Exchange.  
By 1998, state ownership decreased to 25 per cent. and, except for one class “B” share, the Hungarian State 
had sold all of its remaining class “A” shares in MOL by November 2006. In 2011 the government of Hungary 
signed an agreement to purchase 21.2 per cent. class “A” MOL shares from Surgutneftegas OJSC. As of 30 
June 2020, the Hungarian state held a 5.2 per cent. stake in MOL having transferred 81,942,946 class “A” 
MOL ordinary shares to the Maecenas Universitatis Corvini Foundation’s trust management on 5 June 2019, 
and 81,942,946 class “A” MOL ordinary shares to the Minister heading the Prime Minister’s Office, acting on 
behalf of the state, who transferred the shareholding to the Mathias Corvinus Collegium Foundation on 18 
June 2020.  
On 25 September 2020, the Board of Directors of MOL decided that, based on the authorisation provided by 
resolution No. 7/2020 (04.30) adopted on behalf of MOL Plc. at the 2020 Annual General Meeting, a maximum 
of 40,971,270 class “A” shares in MOL (representing 5 per cent. of all such class “A” shares in MOL) may be 
purchased during the 12 months following such date within the framework of, and in line with, the conditions 
set out in Annual General Meeting resolution No. 7/2020 (04.30). The Board of Directors appointed MOL 
Vagyonkezelő Kft. to execute these treasury share purchases.  
In 2021, the MOL Group established a new Foundation of Trusts in Public Interest with the name of “MOL 
New Europe Foundation” in partnership with the Hungarian State and with the aim of fulfilling corporate 
responsibility objectives, especially in the fields of sport, culture, health and environment protection. This new 
foundation has also assumed the majority of the corporate social responsibility activities carried out by MOL. 
Accordingly, MOL as well as the Hungarian State transferred 42,977,996 and 42,977,996 “A” series MOL 
ordinary shares to the MOL New Europe Foundation as a capital contribution on 28 July 2021. 
MOL’s shares are currently listed on the Budapest and Warsaw stock exchanges and depositary receipts are 
traded on U.S. over-the-counter markets. For the current ownership structure see “Corporate and Shareholder 
Information” below.

--- Page 143 ---
143 
 
 
STRUCTURE OF THE GROUP  
The chart below outlines MOL’s main consolidated subsidiaries as at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
Corporate 
Downstream 
Exploration & Production 
Innovative Businesses and 
Services 
Consumer Services 
Gas & Mineral 
*INA - Industrija nafte d.d. 
Aufwind Schmack Első Biogáz 
Kft. 
*ADRIAGAS S.r.l. 
*CROSCO S.A. DE C.V 
MOL Campus Kft. 
FGSZ Földgázszállító Zrt. 
*ALTEO Energiaszolgáltató Nyrt. 
Aurora Kunststoffe GmbH 
BaiTex LLC 
*CROSCO UKRAINE LLC 
MOL Ingatlan Holding Kft. 
 
*DAC Aréna a.s. 
*CROPLIN d.o.o. 
*BTC Pipeline Ltd. 
*Crosco, naftni servisi, d.o.o. 
MOL Slovenia Downstream 
Investment B.V. 
 
FER Tűzoltóság és Szolgáltató 
Kft. 
DALBY a.s. 
Csanád Szénhidrogén 
Koncessziós Kft. 
*HOSTIN d.o.o. 
Retail 
 
*INA VATROGASNI SERVISI 
d.o.o. za vatrogastvo 
*Dunai Vízmű Zrt. 
EMSZ Első Magyar 
Szénhidrogén Koncessziós Kft. 
*INA Industrijski servisi d.o.o. 
*Energopetrol d.d. Sarajevo 
 
MOL Aréna Korlátolt 
Felelősségű Társaság 
*ENEOS MOL Synthetic Rubber 
Zrt. 
Kalegran B.V. 
ISO-SZER Építőipari, 
Kereskedelmi és Szolgáltató Kft. 
Fresh Corner Restaurants 
Holding Kft. 
 
MOL Biztonsági Szolgáltatások 
Kft. 
IES Italiana Energia e Servizi 
S.p.A. 
Kalegran B.V. Erbil Branch 
KVV Tartály és Csővezeték Építő 
Zrt. 
Fresh Corner Restaurants Kft. 
 
MOL CVC Investment Korlátolt 
Felelősségű Társaság 
IES Logistics Services S.r.l 
KMSZ Kelet-Magyarországi 
Szénhidrogén Koncessziós Kft. 
Mélyfúrási Információ 
Szolgáltató Kft. 
*HOLDINA  Sarajevo 
 
MOL GBS Magyarország Kft. 
*INA MAZIVA d.o.o. 
MH Oil and Gas B.V. 
MEROCO, a.s. 
*INA - CRNA GORA  d.o.o. 
 
MOL GBS Slovakia, s. r. o. 
*INA SLOVENIJA d.o.o. 
MK Oil and Gas B.V. 
MOL C. F. Kft. 
*INA MALOPRODAJNI SERVISI 
d.o.o. 
 
MOL Group Finance Zrt. 
*INA-KOSOVO d.o.o. 
MNS Oil and Gas B.V. -under 
liquidation 
MOL Industrial Services 
Investment Kft. 
MOL & INA d.o.o. 
 
MOL Group International 
Services B.V. 
Leodium Investment Kft. 
MOL (FED) Kazakhstan B.V. 
MOL Magyarország Társasági 
Szolgáltatások Kft. 
MOL Kiskereskedelmi Ingatlan 
Kft. 
 
MOL Investment Kft. 
*Messer Slovnaft s.r.o. 
*MOL (FED) Kazakstan B.V. 
Branch Office 
MOL RES Investments Zrt. 
MOL Polska spółka z 
ograniczoną odpowiedzialnością 
 
MOL Reinsurance Co. DAC 
MOL Austria Handels GmbH 
MOL Azerbaijan Ltd. 
MOL Transportation ServicesKft. 
MOL Retail Holding Kft. 
 
MOL Vagyonkezelő Kft. 
MOL Česká republika, s.r.o. 
MOL Bázakerettye 
Szénhidrogén Koncessziós Kft. 
PETROLSZOLG Karbantartó és 
Szolgáltató Kft. 
MOL Romania Petroleum 
Products s.r.l. 
 
OT Industries Eszközhasznosító 
Kft. 
MOL Commodity Trading Kft. 
*MOL BTC 
ROSSI BIOFUEL Bioüzemanyag 
Gyártó és Kereskedelmi Zrt. 
MOL Slovenija d.o.o. 
 
*INA Beograd d.o.o. 
MOL CZ Downstream 
Investment B.V. 
MOL Bucsa Szénhidrogén 
Koncessziós Kft. 
*ROTARY Fúrási Zrt. 
MOL Vendéglátó Kft. 
 
*TOP RAČUNOVODSTVO 
SERVISI d.o.o. 
MOL Germany GmbH 
MOL Crossroads B.V. 
*Slovnaft Mobility Services, s.r.o 
MOL Serbia d.o.o. Beograd 
 
*Datapac s.r.o. 
MOL Kunststoff Kft. 
MOL Dráva Szénhidrogén 
Koncessziós Kft. 
SLOVNAFT MONTÁŽE A OPRAVY 
a.s. 
TIFON d.o.o 
 
MA-Coding Kft. 
MOL Petrolkémia Zrt. 
MOL Jászárokszállás 
Szénhidrogén Koncessziós Kft. 
*STSI - INTEGRIRANI TEHNIČKI 
SERVISI d.o.o. 
Mobility 
 
MOL IT & Digital GBS 
Magyarország Korlátolt 
Felelősségű Társaság 
MOL REMA Holding Kft. 
MOL Mezőtúr Szénhidrogén 
Koncessziós Kft. 
Ventures/New businesses 
MOL Fleet Holding 
Vagyonkezelő Kft. 
 
MOL IT & Digital GBS Slovakia, 
s.r.o. 
MOL Ukraine Llc. 
MOL Nordsjön B.V. 
CÍVISBUSZ Kereskedelmi és 
Szolgáltató Kft. 
MOL Fleet Solution Flottakezelő 
Kft. 
 
MOL IT Holding Kft. 
MOL-LUB Kenőanyag Gyártó 
Forgalmazó és Szolgáltató Kft. 
MOL Norge AS 
FONTE VIVA Termelő és 
Kereskedelmi Kft. 
MOL Limitless Mobility Holding 
Kft. 
 
*PLAVI TIM d.o.o. 
MOL-LUB Russ LLC. 
MOL Nyírség-Dél Szénhidrogén 
Koncessziós Kft. 
INTER TAN-KER CITY Kft. 
MOL Limitless Mobility Kft. 
 
 
MOLTRADE-Mineralimpex 
Kereskedelmi Zrt. 
MOL Nyírség-Észak 
Szénhidrogén Koncessziós Kft. 
INTER TAN-KER Tanácsadó és 
Kereskedelmi Zrt. 
 
 
 
MOLTRANS Tankautós Fuvarozó 
Kft. 
MOL Okány-Nyugat 
Szénhidrogén Koncessziós Kft. 
Inter Traction Electrics Kft. 
 
 
 
OLAJTERV Tervező Zrt. 
MOL Őrség Szénhidrogén 
Koncessziós Kft. 
Interboat Vízi Jármű Kölcsönző 
Kft. 
 
 
 
OT Industries Fővállalkozó Zrt. 
*MOL Pakistan Oil and Gas Co 
B.V. Branch Office 
INTER-TRAFFIC MANAGEMENT 
Szolgáltató Kft. 
 
 
 
Panta Distribuzione S.p.A. 
MOL Pakistan Oil and Gas Co. 
B.V. 
ITE Bus & Truck Kereskedelmi 
Kft. 
 
 
 
Recrea Asset Management Zrt. 
MOL Somogybükkösd 
Szénhidrogén Koncessziós Kft. 
ITK City Operations Kft. 
 
 
 
ReMat Hulladékhasznosító Zrt. 
MOL Somogyvámos 
Szénhidrogén Koncessziós Kft. 
ITK Holding Zrt. 
 
 
 
ReMat Slovakia s.r.o. 
MOL SZMDK Szénhidrogén 
Koncessziós Kft. 
*ITK-UD R&D Kutatás és 
FejlesztésKft. 
 
 
 
Roth Energie GmbH 
MOL Zala-Nyugat Szénhidrogén 
Koncessziós Kft. 
MOL E-mobilitás Vagyonkezelő 
Kft. 
 
 
 
Slovnaft - Polska Spółka Akcyjna 
MOL-Aspect DNY-
Magyarországi Közös 
Szénhidrogén Kutató és 
Termelő Kft. 
MOL Solar Energy Holding Kft. 
 
 
 
SLOVNAFT TRANS a.s. 
MOL-Russ LLC 
MOL Solar Operator Kft. 
 
 
 
SLOVNAFT, a.s. 
Panfora Oil & Gas S.R.L. 
Neptunus Investment Kft. 
 
 
 
Terméktároló Zrt. 
*Pearl Petroleum Llc. 
-Nevil Invest Kft. 
 
 
 
TVK Ingatlankezelő és 
Forgalmazó Kft. 
Tápió Szénhidrogén 
Koncessziós Kft. 
Pandant Távfelügyeleti és Mérő-
ellenőrző Szolgáltató Kft. 
 
 
 
TVK-ERŐMŰ Termelő és 
Szolgáltató Kft. 
*Ural Group Limited (UGL) 
Circular Economy 
 
 
 
VÚRUP, a.s. 
*Ural Oil and Gas Group LLP 
MOHU MOL 
Hulladékgazdálkodási Zrt. 
 
 
 
Zväz pre skladovanie zásob, a.s. 
 
MOL Körforgásos Gazdálkodás 
Kft. 
 
 
* minority share

--- Page 144 ---
144 
 
 
STRATEGY 
The MOL Group announced its long-term strategy with the title “MOL 2030” in October 2016 (the MOL 
2030 Strategy). The MOL 2030 Strategy is based on a vision of the diminishing importance of fossil fuels 
and, consequently, the peaking, flattening and ultimately declining demand for motor fuels, the key products 
of MOL’s integrated oil value chain, in MOL’s relevant European and CEE markets. This long-term strategy 
sets out an envisaged corporate and business transformation to ensure MOL remains relevant to its employees, 
customers and investors in its existing business lines as well as in new businesses lines. The MOL 2030 
Strategy has four major strategic transformation directions for MOL for the upcoming years and decades: 
• 
From fuels to chemicals transformation in the Downstream Segment to address the expected decline 
in long-term motor fuel consumption in CEE. This strategic direction aims at significantly reducing 
the motor fuel yield in the refining system and increasing other high-value, non-fuel product yields, 
predominantly those which can be transferred as feedstock to the petrochemicals, chemicals value 
chains; 
• 
From fuel retailing to consumer goods retailing and mobility solutions. This strategic direction aims 
at transforming the Group’s regional service station network to become primarily a consumer goods 
and fast-moving consumer goods (FMCG) retailer and offering various clean and alternative mobility 
related products and services for people in transit; 
• 
From CEE to international Upstream Segment. This strategic direction aims at gradually and 
opportunistically increasing MOL’s international upstream footprint to replace declining CEE 
production and reserves in order to maintain the group’s integrated business model in the coming 
years; and 
• 
Corporate culture transformation and moving from back-office-type to a digital organisation. A key 
enabler of the MOL Group’s corporate strategy is a cultural change that supports digitalisation and 
innovation. This means upgrading the MOL Group’s operations and functions with digital solutions 
and skills, and making them more strategic and effective. 
Further to the targets announced in the MOL 2030 Strategy, an updated strategy was communicated in 2021, 
labelled as 2030+ “Shape Tomorrow” (the MOL 2030+ Strategy). The MOL 2030+ Strategy update covered 
commitments to decarbonise operations, partly to mitigate the risk of rising carbon costs. MOL Group targets 
a 20 per cent. reduction in Scope 1 and 2 emissions in the Downstream Segment by 2030 (2019 as base), as a 
step on the road towards net-zero economy. Furthermore MOL also announced ambitious targets to increase 
the share of EU taxonomy aligned investments to 50 per cent. by 2030, so as to ensure that the business mix 
gradually evolves towards sustainable businesses.  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Board still considers that the key strategic directions of the MOL 
Group, set by the MOL 2030 Strategy, remain valid. In addition, the MOL 2030+ Strategy includes necessary 
updates and adjustments with respect to the changing external environment and reconsideration of some of 
these priorities. 
Upstream Segment strategy 
The Upstream Segment continues to play a major role in terms of generating substantial free-cash allowing 
the MOL Group to fund investments related to its transition to sustainable businesses. The Upstream 
Segment’s strategy does not include any volume based growth targets, neither on reserves nor on production. 
The focus is on generating value from current assets both in CEE and in the Group’s international upstream 
portfolio, combined with opportunistic steps, such as the divestment of the UK portfolio, where MOL’s 
working interest production peaked above 18 thousand barrels of oil equivalents per day (mboepd) in 2019 
and was falling since then. MOL Group is successfully managing the production decline in its mature CEE

--- Page 145 ---
145 
 
 
assets (Hungary and Croatia), while it plans to reverse the trend of declining production by implementing 
development measures throughout the upstream portfolio. 
The strategy of the MOL Group’s Upstream Segment is to maximise value creation of the existing reserves, 
while attempting to mitigate decline and sustain the Group’s current activity level, making sure that the 
Upstream Segment remains a pillar of the integrated business model of the Group. MOL Group plans to 
achieve this by transforming to an international Upstream Segment portfolio from a predominantly CEE-
focused operation. The key targets are to:  
• 
maximise cash generation of the existing barrels through running an efficient operation and pursue 
production optimisation and efficiency to manage decline in CEE region;, 
• 
segment level production to be delivered within the range of 90-100 mboepd; 
• 
keep the unit production cost at a very competitive level (in the range of USD 5-7/barrel of oil 
equivalent (boe) in the period from 2021 to 2025; 
• 
look for CCUS opportunities to leverage geological knowledge of the Pannonian basin and become a 
leading player in CEE; and 
• 
further improve quality and cash delivery of the international portfolio and follow an opportunistic 
approach to inorganic growth. 
2019 was a year of important milestones for the MOL 2030 Strategy. MOL agreed to acquire Chevron’s assets 
in Azerbaijan (including a 9.57 per cent. stake in the giant ACG offshore field and an 8.9 per cent. stake in the 
Baku-Tbilisi-Ceyhan (BTC) pipeline) for USD 1.5 billion. The transaction was closed on 16 April 2020, and 
represented a major step in resolving the reserve replacement challenge MOL has been facing in recent years.  
Downstream Segment strategy 
The Downstream Segment operates high quality assets in CEE and its key strategic aim is to continue to 
maximise capacity utilisation in a profitable way, so that the key assets remain among the most profitable sites 
in Europe. In addition, by 2050, the MOL Group Downstream Segment aims to have sustainable chemicals 
and powering mobility as the two core businesses, that are integrated into a robust and diversified value chain. 
This strategy has been shaped by the increased desire from all stakeholders for sustainability. 
The MOL 2030 Strategy has four key pillars in the Downstream Segment:  
• 
MOL Group wants to significantly reduce the yield of motor fuels in its refining system, mostly 
through materially increasing the share of petrochemical feedstock, but also the share of other high-
value non-fuel products in the refinery output; 
• 
MOL Group is expected to invest around USD 4.5 billion by 2030 to expand along the chemicals and 
petrochemical value chain, moving towards semi-commodity and specialty products manufacturing. 
MOL Group plans to become a leading chemicals company in CEE by 2030;  
• 
Sustainability will increasingly become a differentiating factor for downstream companies, hence 
MOL will step up investments in this area, including, but not restricted to recycling, rubber bitumen, 
second generation biofuels and renewable power generation; and 
• 
MOL will continue to aggressively pursue internal efficiency improvement to make sure it is able to 
retain its competitive position in Europe.

--- Page 146 ---
146 
 
 
As part of the MOL 2030 Strategy MOL Group aims to deliver net efficiency gains and a visible EBITDA 
contribution from the transformational projects. The main areas for efficiency improvement are asset 
availability, market position and energy efficiency. To achieve these targets, the Downstream Segment will 
invest in major strategic projects and the strategic capital expenditure spending will likely exceed USD 3 
billion, including the USD 1.4 billion “Polyol Project”, MOL’s most significant organic investment into the 
polyether polyol business (the Polyol Project), the Rijeka refinery residue upgrade project (the Rijeka 
Project) and several other strategic, transformational investments. The Rijeka Project is expected to increase 
the overall efficiency and complexity of the Rijeka refinery and is a significant part of the Downstream 
Segment’s transformation programme which is aimed at turning INA’s refining and marketing divisions into 
a sustainable and profitable business. 
The MOL Group’s Downstream Segment has reached significant interim targets since the announcement of 
the MOL 2030+ Strategy. In an effort to move along the value chain in petrochemicals the polyol plant in 
Tiszaújváros, which represents the single biggest organic investment in the MOL Group’s corporate history is 
nearing mechanical completion. Furthermore the Rijeka refinery upgrade that also includes the construction 
of a delayed coker is well underway. In 2022, the MOL Group continued to consider the feasibility of the first 
cycle fuel to chemicals project. The Downstream Segment has been continuously working towards building 
its future product portfolio. These efforts are not only connected to capitalising on opportunities created by a 
carbon constrained economy, but also build on the EU’s Fit for 55 targets with an intention to decrease 
Europe’s energy dependency on fossil fuels, especially imported ones, by 2030. The MOL Group took further 
steps to strengthen its recycling portfolio through the acquisition of ReMat Zrt., Hungary’s leading plastic 
recycling company (ReMat) in 2022. ReMat has an annual processing capacity of 25,000 tonnes, employs 
nearly 200 people, and has production plants in Tiszaújváros and Rakamaz, as well as a logistics centre in 
Bratislava, Slovakia. 
The key focus points of the MOL 2030+ Strategy for the Downstream Segment are the following: 
• 
produce and supply ‘European plus’ market with extended sustainable chemical products portfolio 
(commodities, semi-commodities and specialties); 
• 
produce and supply the mobility needs within the CEE region with conventional and new green fuels 
alternatives; 
• 
utilise waste as an important source of green feedstock for sustainable products; and 
• 
operate a rationalised portfolio of current and new assets integrated with their cities and industry with 
a focus on leaving minimal GHG emissions. 
Consumer Services Segment strategy 
The strategy of the MOL Group’s Consumer Services Segment is to become a true consumer goods retailer 
and to lead the revolution of transportation in the CEE region. The Consumer Services Segment consists of 
two main business lines – retail and mobility. Retail includes both fuel and non-fuel (consumer goods) retailing 
with the installation of its new non-fuel concept, Fresh Corner at Service Stations (SeS) as well as digitalizing 
customer interactions and operations. Fresh Corner is a retail concept offering coffee, fresh food and everyday 
groceries at selected services stations of the MOL Group. The MOL Group was a pioneer in many regional 
markets where it introduced the Fresh Corner brand. The introduction of dairy products, pastries and freshly 
baked bread, as well as a broad gastro offering and top quality coffee, was central to the new retail concept at 
its launch. Mobility is comprised of all other services provided for people in transit. Mobility, in preparation 
for moving beyond a fossil fuel-based society and in line with the MOL 2030 Strategy, launched several clean 
and alternative mobility related products and services, facilitating the gradual shift towards a multi-modal, 
clean and sustainable transportation. The Consumer Services Segment aims to scale up mobility solutions with 
car sharing, fleet management and public transport as well as to become a leading regional EV charging 
provider on the CEE e-mobility market.

--- Page 147 ---
147 
 
 
The Consumer Services Segment saw significant growth between 2016 and 2021, since it was established as 
a standalone segment. In 2022 however government interventions in the form of price regulatory measures 
played a major negative role, although that impact has lessened in 2023. Despite these significant negative 
developments there was increased focus on the contined roll-out of the Fresh Corner concept resulting in a 
material increase in non-fuel sales and margins. The extraordinary conditions created by regulatory measures 
also brought substantial rise in volumes sold at the MOL Group’s service stations (see “Description of MOL 
and the Group – Recent Developments – Price regulations”). The business will be focused on the retention of 
these customers in 2023, which will be supported by the gradual regional roll out of the recently introduced 
MOL Move loyalty app that has already been downloaded by 700,000 customers following its launch in 
Hungary, Croatia and Slovenia. Moving forward, there will also be enhanced focus on the integration of more 
than 400 stations acquired in Poland, where MOL is well positioned to achieve second place in the local 
market. In preparation for moving beyond the fossil fuel age, the mobility division within Consumer Services 
- as part of the MOL 2030 Strategy – launched a number of clean, alternative mobility related products and 
services, with the aim of facilitating the gradual shift towards multimodal, clean and sustainable transportation. 
As part of this new strategy, the MOL Group will continue to expand EV charging points across its network 
and third-party locations, targeting to install 500 EV charging points by 2025 to become a leading mobility 
service provider in the CEE region. The Group also launched the MOL Plugee application, offering smart 
solutions for charging electic cars. 
Financial Framework  
MOL Group’s strategic goal is to continue to build a resilient integrated business on the back of a high quality, 
low cost asset base through a constant efficiency drive. To support the implementation of the MOL 2030 
Strategy and the MOL 2030+ Strategy, MOL developed a rolling five-year financial framework model, which 
outlines and quantifies the key cash inflow and outflow items. The financial framework aims to provide a 
robust and coherent financial model, where cash generation is sufficient to fund all key spending items, 
including the business-as-usual capital expenditure, the strategic capital expenditure required for the business 
transformation, other cash outflow items (including taxes, funding cost and other items) and the remuneration 
of the shareholders (cash base dividends).  
A strategic priority for management remains to finance its organic capital expenditure from operating cash 
flows and to generate a sustainable free cash flow. The Group’s current and future strategic priorities are to 
retain its financial discipline irrespective of the external environment. A strong balance sheet is key for the 
Group; this will allow it to meet its strategic objectives whilst continuing to keep within its debt covenants. 
Dividends 
MOL’s financial framework aims at generating enough cash flow to cover all of its expenses, including all 
organic investments (sustained, transformational and strategic alike) as well as any dividend distribution to its 
shareholders. MOL has no formal dividend policy. However, over the past few years MOL has built up a track 
record of paying a gradually rising base dividend to its shareholders, which has always been fully funded by 
operating cash flows.  
In April 2022 the Board of Directors on behalf of the 2022 Annual General Meeting of MOL approved the 
payment of a HUF 241,933,958,400 dividend in respect of 2021, which equates to a dividend of HUF 302.62 
per share.  
The Annual General Meeting of MOL held on 27 April 2023 approved payment of a dividend of HUF 
279,751,665,550 in respect of the 2022 financial year. Payment of the dividend commenced on 28 July 2023 
and it amounted to HUF 354.26 per share.

--- Page 148 ---
148 
 
 
COMPETITIVE STRENGTHS  
The Group benefits from a number of competitive advantages including its more than 85 years of experience 
in the CEE region. As a result of the current difficult business environment MOL has adopted a conservative 
management approach and remained disciplined. By way of illustration, this has resulted in MOL financing 
its organic capital expenditure requirements from operating cash flow in each of the last four years and it 
intends to continue to do so in the medium term.  
With the aim of becoming a much more agile corporation, at the end of 2018 MOL introduced project “One”, 
which has successfully introduced in 2019 a new governance structure and new processes to ensure faster 
decision making, greater transparency of roles, clearer reporting lines and greater empowerment. 
The MOL Group has a diversified revenue stream from its four business segments, which enables it to mitigate 
the volatility and cyclicality of the oil and gas industry. The competitive strengths of each segment are detailed 
below. 
Upstream Segment 
The Group’s Upstream Segment has a geographically diversified international portfolio and a well-established 
presence and strong strategic partnerships in three core regions: CEE, the Commonwealth of Independent 
States (CIS) Region and the Middle East and Africa. During the last eight decades the Upstream Segment built 
its competitive strengths (as detailed below) through immense knowledge and experience, including a 
significant number of optimisation measures, as follows.  
Accumulated knowledge in successful operation of mature assets  
It is a challenge to ensure continuous production on mature fields within the portfolio. The Upstream Segment 
is committed to focusing on extracting maximum value from its assets, engaging in a wide range of activities 
in a structured and systematic way to maximise recovery and production rates in Hungary, Croatia and Russia. 
In the CEE the Upstream Segment is focusing on the following measures to enhance its competitive strengths. 
• 
Production intensification activities, including undertaking well and reservoir performance 
improvement measures, and the utilisation of different technologies. The extensive geological 
knowledge of the relevant countries and a well-developed existing surface infrastructure supports a 
sustainable and efficient operation. By capturing subsurface uncertainties and complex production 
histories in geological and dynamic models, bypassed oil can be identified and targeted through several 
interventions.  
• 
A production optimisation programme is ongoing both in Hungary and Croatia and different 
production intensification efforts are in place in order to mitigate production decline with extensive 
well stimulations. 
• 
An enhanced oil recovery (EOR) project is ongoing in Croatia to counteract the natural decline of 
mature fields and to revitalise old, partially depleted reservoirs. On the Ivanić and Žutica North fields 
the Upstream Segment achieved great results. Since the start of the EOR, production of the Ivanić field 
has increased by 2.5 times and the production of the Žutica North field 6.5 times. Over 60 per cent. of 
the total produced hydrocarbon volumes in the Ivanić field and 90 per cent. produced in the Žutica 
North field are the result of implementing EOR. 
• 
The full field optimisation (FFO) concept includes improvements across the entire production system 
– reservoir, well, pipeline network and facility performance – which are all made possible using 
integrated computer models.

--- Page 149 ---
149 
 
 
In Russia the Group’s Baitugan asset is a mature field in production since 1947 with developed infrastructure, 
which supports low operating and development costs. The main target of the work programme is to mitigate 
baseline production decline with drillings (including horizontal), well workovers and infrastructure 
improvement projects. Full-scale geological and dynamic models have been made to improve well location 
selection and enable optimum field development. In addition to this, several infrastructure improvement 
projects are ongoing. 
Recent exploration successes in operated licences 
As discussed in more detail in the “Business Segments – Upstream Segment” section below, the Group has had 
recent exploration successes in Hungary and Pakistan providing competitive advantages to the Group.  
Low-cost operations and scrutiny applied in capital expenditure spending 
The Group ensures strong cost discipline is followed during operations. Keeping production cost at a 
competitive level through the implementation of different cost saving initiatives is continuously in the focus 
of the Upstream Segment. This effort is clearly visible also in the Upstream Segment’s results, as unit 
production cost decreased significantly from USD 7.3/boe level (in 2015) to USD 5.5/boe (in 2022). The Group 
also implements cost optimisation measures (including capital expenditure) which contribute to substantial 
cash generation and ensure self-funding operation in a low oil price environment.  
Active participation in the management of non-operated international assets 
MOL is taking an active role in commercial, technical and cost considerations of non-operated assets, mainly 
in Azerbaijan and the Kurdistan Region of Iraq. 
Downstream Segment 
The Group’s Downstream Segment comprises different business activities that are part of an integrated value 
chain. This value chain turns crude oil into a range of refined products, which are moved and marketed for 
household, industrial and transport use. The products include, among others, gasoline, diesel, heating oil, 
aviation fuel, lubricants, bitumen, sulphur and LPG. In addition, the company produces and sells 
petrochemicals worldwide and holds a leading position in the petrochemical sector in the CEE region. 
Therefore, the Downstream Segment’s strength is supported by its geographical position, competitive asset 
base, well balanced product offering and customer portfolio.  
Part of the Group’s strength lies in its high net cash margin producing refineries in Hungary and Slovakia 
which make the most of their geographical locations (being well placed to take in crude oil and distribute 
refined products), as well as a well-balanced product and customer portfolios.  
The Group’s feedstock optimisation ensures that it selects the most appropriate raw materials for all of its 
refineries from a wide slate of crude oil types. Crude and raw materials supply, and low-cost product 
distribution are possible through its extensive pipeline system and increased storage depot coverage.  
The Group’s diverse logistics network, combined with well-positioned commercial activities, remains a key 
advantage in capturing sales margin revenues and reaching end customers. 
Consumer Services Segment 
The Group Consumer Services Segment focuses on the variety of technological developments that are intended 
to support new consumer needs and mobility solutions. Despite the healthy growth of fuel consumption in 
CEE in the past several years, advancements in technology and new consumer habits have fundamentally 
changed what has so far been considered fuel retail. Looking at the next few years, fuel consumption is still 
expected to grow in CEE, however, the long-term outlook is that fossil fuels will lose their monopolistic

--- Page 150 ---
150 
 
 
dominance by the end of the next decade. MOL has realised that there is a need to go beyond its current 
offering to succeed in the new environment. Therefore, transformation of MOL’s retail operations is expected 
by tapping into growing areas of consumer demand and taking part in the reinvention of transportation in CEE. 
MOL considers assortment and store lay-out development as main drivers, while following market trends and 
own brand range launch as differentiators.  
The Consumer Services Segment grew substantially to 2,391 stations as at 31 December 2022,  mainly through 
the completion of the acquisition in Poland. In parallel the segment continued the expansion of its non-fuel 
concept by completing a total of 1,179 Fresh Corner revamps by the 2022 year end. In December 2022, MOL 
Group acquired 417 stations in Poland and is now well established to achieve a clear second position in the 
local market.  
At the end of June, 2023 MOL Group in partnership with its Group member INA, concluded the acquisition 
of a 92.25 per cent. share of OMV Slovenija. The joint network of service stations included more than 170 
locations across Slovenia, and as a result of the acquisition MOL Group became the second biggest petrol 
retailer in Slovenia. At the end of August 2023, MOL Group successfully closed the sale of 39 service stations 
in Slovenia to Shell as one of the conditions set by the European Commission for the OMV Slovenija takeover, 
which was subject to various conditions including clearance by the Slovenian Competition Authorities. Upon 
completion of the transaction MOL Group will remain the second biggest petrol retailer in Slovenia with more 
than 130 service stations. 
Gas Midstream Segment 
FGSZ plays a key role in the regional transmission of gas in Hungary as a result of its geographical location. 
The security of supply in Hungary is inseparable from the energy security of the CEE region and the whole of 
Europe. Therefore, within the framework of European gas market cooperation based on mutual advantages, 
FGSZ aims to ensure the interoperability of the natural gas networks of the region on the part of Hungary and 
at the same time strives to increase the volume of transmission and transit through Hungary.

--- Page 151 ---
151 
 
 
BUSINESS SEGMENTS 
1. 
Upstream Segment 
The Upstream Segment of the MOL Group has a geographically diversified portfolio with a well-established 
presence and strong strategic partnerships in three core regions: CEE region, CIS region and Middle East and 
Africa. 
The Group has more than 85 years of experience with production operations in seven countries and exploration 
activities in seven countries. Total group production (including joint ventures and associates) in 2022 
decreased by 5 per cent. compared to the previous year, resulting in an average 92 mboepd production in 2022. 
While the CEE region, including Hungary and Croatia, still accounted for more than 60 per cent. of total group 
production in 2022, international assets became a significant third pillar for the segment. 
The EBITDA adjusted for special items of the Upstream Segment, increased by 107 per cent. year-on-year in 
2022 and amounted to HUF 827.5 billion. The financial performance was primarily boosted by the 
significantly higher average realised hydrocarbon prices (up by 81 per cent, or by 49.1 USD/boe compared to 
2021). This was driven by a 42 per cent. increase in realised crude prices and a 153 per cent. jump in realised 
gas prices. 
Group-level average direct production cost, excluding depreciation, depletion and amortization (DD&A) but 
including joint ventures and associates, increased moderately by 4 per cent. to reach 5.1 USD/barrel of oil 
equivalent (boe) despite significant cost pressure. The cost position of CEE assets is decreasing proportionately 
due to the natural baseline production decline, while still remaining at a very competitive level. 
The capital expenditure of the Upstream Segment amounted to HUF 141 billion in 2022, expanding by 11 per 
cent. year-on-year. This is attributable to foreign exchange effects, and efficient operations allowing for the 
intensification of all developments aimed at delivering on the objectives of MOL’s strategy. Development 
projects accounted for the largest share of this growth as activities continued in Azerbaijan, and the Adriatic 
Offshore Campaign, and Production Optimisation projects in Croatia. Altogether, the CEE region and 
Azerbaijan accounted for more than 83 per cent. (HUF 117.9 billion) of total segment capital spending, mostly 
allocated to development activities. 
In 2022, the Upstream Segment continued to play a vital role in the cash generation ability of MOL Group 
with HUF 686 billion (USD 1.8 billion) simplified free cash flow generated, meaning that 58 USD/boe unit 
free cash flow was achieved on a portfolio level. 
MOL is committed to the key principles of sustainable operations. MOL aims for zero HSE incidents and to 
protect the environment by eliminating spills, decreasing greenhouse gas emissions and participating in the 
World Bank’s Zero Flaring Initiative.

--- Page 152 ---
152 
 
 
The following diagram gives an overview of the Group’s geographic production and exploration activities: 
  
 
Production9 
The following tables show Upstream Segment’s production levels and unit direct production costs.  
  
Production 
mboepd 
2019 
2020 
2021 
2022 
2023H1 
ACG 
0 
18 
17 
14 
14 
E&P International excl. 
ACG 
42 
40 
23 
22 
20 
CEE 
69 
62 
57 
56 
57 
Total 
111 
120 
97 
92 
92 
 
  
Unit direct production cost 
USD/BOE 
2019 
2020 
2021 
2022 
2023H1 
  
6.4 
5.8 
4.9 
5.1 
5.8 
 
9 Figures include consolidated assets, joint ventures and associates. 2019 and 2020 figures include UK production

--- Page 153 ---
153 
 
 
Central and Eastern Europe 
The CEE region retains a key role in the production portfolio, contributing more than 60 per cent. of total 
Group production in 2022. The Group has over 85 years of experience in Hungary and in 2003 became a 
shareholder in INA which previously was Croatia’s state-owned oil and gas company. INA has over 70 years 
of experience and currently operates onshore and offshore assets. 
 
Licence information as of 30 June 2023 
Country 
Block 
2022 YE 
Reserves 
(MMboe) 
2022 
Production 
(mboepd) 
Operated 
by the 
MOL 
Group 
MOL Group 
Diluted share 
(per cent.) 
Partner(s) 
(per cent.) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Hungary 
Several 
57.1 
32.1 
Yes 
100 
- 
Croatia 
Onshore – several 
82.5 
20.4 
Yes 
100 
- 
Offshore – North 
Adriatic 
3.4 
Yes 
100 
- 
Offshore – Marica 
Yes 
100 
- 
Offshore – Izabela 
No 
30 
Energean (70) 
Romania 
EX-1 
n.a. 
n.a. 
No 
30 
Sand Hill 
Petroleum BV 
(Sand Hill) 
(70) 
EX-5 
No 
20 
Sand Hill (80) 
EX-6 
Yes 
100 
- 
Hungary 
The MOL Group has accumulated over 85 years of experience in conventional exploration and field 
development in the Pannonian Basin. Hungary is still key and one of MOL Group’s core countries in terms of 
production and reserves on a portfolio level, and a significant contributor to MOL’s Upstream Segment cash 
flow. The extensive geological knowledge of the country and a well-developed existing surface infrastructure 
supports a sustainable and efficient operation. 
MOL’s net exploration acreage in Hungary covers more than 7,000 km2, focusing around three areas: the 
Drava and the Zala Basins in the Western part of the country, central Hungary Paleogene representing oil, and 
various fields in Eastern Hungary, mainly focusing on gas production. In 2019, exploration activity was 
revitalised and four consecutive shallow gas discoveries and one conventional oil discovery were made.  
In 2022, the shallow gas exploration programme continued with the drilling of three wells. Komádi-Kelet-10 
well was successfully tested, completed and tied in as a gas producer, while Mezőcsokonya-23 was drilled and 
abandoned, as the well was proven to be dry. The third well, Komádi-Kelet-4/A, was drilled and tested 
succesfully. A conventional well has also been drilled and since oil discovery was confirmed by the well test, 
Vecsés-2 started its trial production. The 2022 shallow gas seismic campaign was carried out, with 3D and 2D 
acquisitions at five locations (Pusztaszőlős, Görgeteg-Babócsa, Barlahida, Nagykörű, Nyírség). Approval was 
received for a license area extension at Okány-Nyugat.   
MOL Hungary accounts for over 30 per cent. of MOL Group’s hydrocarbon production, with more than 900 
producing wells. Production is concentrated in South-East Hungary where approximately 80 per cent. of total 
production and approximately 90 per cent. of gas production originates. The ongoing field development 
extensions are mainly focusing on three areas to realise the reserve potential: Somogy/Babócsa, Gomba and 
Mezősas. 
The field development activities continued as two wells were drilled. Both Mezősas-Nyugat-30, originally 
spudded in 2021, and Üllés-Kelet-2 wells have been completed and tied in, and production already started.

--- Page 154 ---
154 
 
 
The third well, Sas-Ny-31 was spudded and drilling is ongoing, while preparations have started for a further 
well. In case of Sávoly-Nyugat-7, a development well was spudded and drilled in 2021, after the completed 
well test in the first quarter of 2022 and successful tie-in, the well has started producing. Preparations regarding 
the Somogy Phase-3 project progressed, with the execution of surface scoping commenced after the relevant 
permits had been obtained. The production optimisation programme also continued, resulting in a total of 45 
well workover operations completed and put into production, consequently adding to production an approx. 
1.5 mboepd increment on an annualised basis. 
Managing the natural decline in production is the main challenge facing MOL’s Hungarian operations. The 
key objective of MOL’s annual production optimisation programme is to stop this natural decline, put 
undeveloped reserves into production and realise the remaining exploration potential via accelerated 
exploration and development activity. Since the start of this programme in 2016, the annualised production 
contributed substantially to diminishing the impact of the natural production decline. 
Croatia 
Exploration and production activities in Croatia commenced in 1952. Since then, more than 45 oil and 30 gas 
fields have been put into operation, around 4,500 exploration and development wells have been drilled with 
total depth of approximately seven million meters. Currently there are about 1,200 producing oil and gas wells 
with more than 3,000 km of various pipelines. 
In addition to these onshore operations, there are also offshore operations in the northern Adriatic where 
production began in 1999. Currently, INA is the sole owner and operator in the Northern Adriatic (NACA) 
and Aiza Laura Contract (ALCA) areas since the ENI SpA (ENI) buyout in 2018, while the gas field Izabela 
is managed in cooperation with Energean through a joint operating company, ED-Ina.  
 With the goal of mitigating a sharp natural production decline in the Adriatic region and supporting 
hydrocarbon reserves recovery, INA started a field development campaign across its existing offshore 
exploitation fields. 
Current exploration activities focus on the Drava-03 and North-Western Croatia-01 concessions areas where 
the exploration programme commenced in 2020. After acquisition of new 3D seismic data on block Drava-03, 
maturation of drilling prospects was completed based on the interpretation and analysis of the newly acquired 
seismic data. The next step is the drilling of exploration wells as part of the first exploration phase. On block 
North-Western Croatia-01, prospect portfolio building and de-risking work is ongoing after acquisition of new 
3D seismic interpretation and processing. Drilling will start in the second exploration phase.  
Croatian production contributes more than 25 per cent. of MOL Group’s total production from both onshore 
and offshore fields. The production optimisation programme and the EOR project (see “Description of MOL 
and the Group – Competitive Strengths”) are also ongoing in Croatia to counteract the natural decline of mature 
fields and to revitalise old, partially depleted reservoirs. Over the last five years these projects contributed 
significantly to the year-on-year increase in onshore oil production. 
Romania 
MOL Group’s focus is on the exploration of conventional hydrocarbon potential and as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus has interests in three licences: 30 per cent. in EX-1, 20 per cent. in EX-5 (in partnership with Sand 
Hill) and 100 per cent. in EX-6 as operator.  
In 2018 the first well in the non-operated EX-5 licence was drilled, however no commercial hydrocarbons 
were found. In respect of the EX-1 licence the first well was drilled in 2020 and was declared as a dry well. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus efforts are still ongoing to deliver the remaining committed work 
programme on all three licences.

--- Page 155 ---
155 
 
 
North Sea 
United Kingdom  
MOL Group entered the United Kingdom in 2014. On 23 March 2022, MOL signed an agreement with 
Waldorf Production Limited covering the sale of its entire upstream portfolio in the United Kingdom. The 
transaction closed on 10 November 2022.  
Norway 
In 2022, MOL completed the sale of its remaining exploration licences in Norway: a 20 per cent. interest in 
PL968 to AkerBP/DNO, a 40 per cent. interest in PL932 to AkerBP, and a 40 per cent. share in PL820 to Lime 
Petroleum. Operation of PL820 was also transferred to Vår Energi ASA. As a result, MOL no longer holds 
any licences in Norway. In addition, MOL has completed the sale of its 6.84 per cent. share of the unitized 
Trell-Trine development to Lundin Energy Norway.

--- Page 156 ---
156 
 
 
Middle East 
 
Licence information as of 30 June 2023 
Country 
Block 
2022 YE 
Reserves 
(MMboe) 
2022 
Production 
(mboepd) 
Operated 
by the 
MOL 
Group 
MOL 
Group 
Diluted 
share (per 
cent.) 
Partner(s) (per 
cent.) 
Pakistan 
TAL 
13.1 
6.2 
Yes 
10.5/8.4* 
Oil and Gas 
Development 
Company Limited 
(31.6), Pakistan 
Petroleum Limited 
(31.6), Pakistan 
Oilfields Limited 
(POL) (26.3), 
Government Holdings 
(Private) Limited 
(0.5) 
Margala 
Yes 
40 
POL (30) MPCL (30) 
Karak 
No 
40 
Mari Petroleum 
Company Limited 
(Op. 60) 
DG 
Khan** 
No 
30 
POL (Op. 70) 
Kurdistan 
Region of Iraq 
Pearl 
52.1 
5.3 
No 
10 
Crescent Petroleum 
Company 
International Limited 
(Crescent 
Petroleum) (Op. 35), 
Dana Gas (Op. 35), 
MOL (10), OMV 
(10), RWE Middle 
East Holdings, B.V. 
(RWE)(10) 
Shaikan 
4.5 
No 
20 
Gulf Keystone 
Petroleum (GKP) 
(Op. 80), MOL (20) 
*10.5 per cent. during exploration/8.4 per cent. during Development phase 
Pakistan 
MOL Pakistan Oil and Gas Co. B.V. (MOL Pakistan) is a wholly-owned Subsidiary of MOL, operating in 
Pakistan since 1999. MOL Pakistan has interests in 4 blocks, of which the TAL and Margala blocks are 
operated as of the date of this Base Prospectus. The MOL-operated TAL block is one of the key LPG and gas 
producers in the country, contributing to Pakistan’s energy supply.  
Since 1999 approximately 48 MMboe reserves have been added to the MOL portfolio through successful 
exploration and development drillings within three different blocks. In the TAL block, exploration activity is 
ongoing in an effort to mature various leads. The operated gross production level in TAL block reached 
approximately an 87 mboepd plateau rate which lasted between 2018 and 2019, then continued its natural 
decline. 
Drilling at the Mamikhel South-1 exploration well commenced in 2019 and was completed successfully in the 
second quarter of 2020. However, the start of production was delayed due to prolonged commercial and

--- Page 157 ---
157 
 
 
permission issues. The well reached a total depth of 4,939 meters and made a gas and condensate discovery 
upon testing. 
MOL Pakistan’s priority for the near future is to explore and develop the potential of its existing portfolio. 
MOL Group is committed to finalising ongoing field development activities in the TAL block and to 
continuing exploration on existing operated and non-operated blocks.  
In 2022, an application for an exploration licence extension was submitted to the Pakistani regulator covering 
the TAL block. Furthermore, a one-year extension of Margala’s exploration licence was received from the 
regulator, and a request for a further 9-months extension has been submitted in December 2022. As of the date 
of this Base Prospectus, the approval of the extension is pending. Regulatory approval has also been granted 
for a 30 per cent. farm-down in Margala block ownership, to Mari Petroleum Company Limited. 
Kurdistan Region of Iraq 
MOL Group entered the Kurdistan Region of Iraq in 2007, where Kalegran Ltd (Kalegran) (MOL’s 100 per 
cent. owned Subsidiary) is a minority partner with a 20 per cent. stake in the Shaikan production sharing 
agreement. MOL also acquired a 10 per cent. stake in Pearl Petroleum Company Limited (Pearl) (Khor Mor 
and Chemchemal fields) (Pearl Fields) in 2009 from Crescent Petroleum and Dana Gas PJSC (Dana Gas) in 
the Kurdistan Region of Iraq. 
The Shaikan oil field is located in the Kurdistan Region of Iraq, 60 kilometres north of the regional capital 
Erbil. The field was discovered by GKP and MOL’s Subsidiary (Kalegran), and it is one of the largest fields 
in Kurdistan with majority of the oil currently being produced from the Upper Jurassic fractured carbonates. 
The field was producing 50-55 mboepd (gross) prior to the shut-in of the export pipeline to Ceyhan, Turkey, 
on 25 March 2023. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the export pipeline remains shut-in.Pearl Fields 
encompass the gas/condensate producing Khor Mor field, the Chemchemal gas field and exploration territory 
in Blocks 19 and 20. 
The CIS region 
 
Licence information as of 30 June 2023 
Country 
Block 
31 
December 
2022 
Reserves 
(MMboe) 
2022 
Production 
(mboepd) 
Operated by 
the MOL 
Group 
MOL Group 
Diluted 
share (per 
cent.) 
Partner(s) 
(per cent.) 
Russia 
Baitugan 
28.9 
4 
Yes 
51 
Turkish 
Petroleum 
Corporation 
(TPAO) (49) 
Kazakhstan 
Rozhkovsky 
23.5 
n.a. 
No 
27.5 
Operating 
Company: 
Ural Oil and 
Gas LLP* 
Azerbaijan 
ACG 
88.3 
13.9 
No 
9.57 
BP 
30.37% 
SOCAR 25% 
Inpex 9.31% 
Equinor 
7.27% Exxon 
6.79% TPAO 
5.73% Itochu 
3.6% ONGC 
Videsh 2.31% 
 
BTC pipeline 
n/a 
n/a 
No 
8.9 
BP 
30.1% 
SOCAR 25% 
Equinor

--- Page 158 ---
158 
 
 
8.71% TPAO 
6.53% 
ENI 
5% Total 5% 
Itochu 
3.4% 
Inpex 
2.5% 
Exxon 2.5% 
ONGC 
Videsh 2.36% 
* Owned by KazMunayGas Exploration Production JSC (KMG EP) (50 per cent.), MOL (27.5 per cent.), 
First International Oil Corporation (FIOC) (22.5 per cent.) 
Russia  
The MOL Group entered into a strategic partnership with TPAO by divesting 49 per cent. of shares in BaiTex 
in 2014, while remaining the operator. Baitugan is a mature and compact field that has been in production 
since 1947, with developed infrastructure, which supports low operating and development costs. The main 
target of the annual work programme on this field is to mitigate baseline production decline with drillings 
(including horizontal), well workovers and infrastructure improvement projects. 
A reassessment programme was continued in 2022 in Russia, with 3 horizontal wells drilled and completed, 5 
advanced well workovers were completed and the conversion of 10 wells into injector wells was performed. 
Within the scope of a water quality improvement project, the installation of a water filtering unit was 
completed. Production optimisation efforts resulted in a total of 54 well interventions executed as part of the 
well workover programme. 
In addition to this, several infrastructure improvement projects are ongoing as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus. Priorities include exploiting the remaining potential from the mature field by continuing to study 
drilling opportunities and pursuing infrastructure development programme and an annual well-workover 
campaign. 
Kazakhstan 
MOL Group has found a partnership with KMG EP and FIOC in respect of its Kazakh operations in the 
Fedorovsky block, where preparations are currently ongoing for the trial production project aiming to deliver 
first gas production. 
In 2018, a big milestone was achieved in the trial production project when Ural Oil and Gas LLP (UOG) 
signed two key commercial agreements with Nostrum Oil & Gas Plc: a gas sales agreement and a condensate 
processing agreement. A concept select study, front end engineering and design (FEED) for surface facilities 
were also completed and provided the foundation for an engineering, procurement, construction and 
commissioning (EPCC) solution to deliver first gas production. The Group as the technical leader of the 
project in cooperation with UOG and other partners are delivering the roadmap towards first gas production 
in cooperation with its partners. 
In 2022, the updated Rozhkovskoye Field Development Plan was approved by the Central Commission for 
Exploration and Development. After successfully tendering, NefteStroiService LLP (NSS) was announced as 
the winner for the EPCC tender, the contract was signed, and execution has started. Detailed engineering and 
long-lead item procurement is currently ongoing.  
Azerbaijan 
The Azeri-Chirag-Deep Water Gunashli (ACG) is an oil field located about 100kms from Baku in the Caspian 
Sea. It is the largest oil field in the Caspian region with 15 billion barrels Stock Tank Oil Initially in Place 
(STOIIP) and has produced over 4 billion barrels since 1997. It is developed by the Azerbaijan International

--- Page 159 ---
159 
 
 
Operating Company, a consortium of international oil companies, and operated by BP on behalf of the 
consortium. The PSA is valid until 2049. It is developed via 6 offshore platforms with approximately 180 
active wells including water and gas injectors. Oil is exported via Sangachal terminal to Ceyhan (Turkey) via 
the BTC pipeline or to Supsa (Georgia) via the WREP pipeline. 
MOL entered ACG in 2020, actively taking part in the joint venture and operations. A total of 15 wells were 
delivered within the 2022 drilling program, of which 12 are producers and 3 are injectors. A further 2 
recompletions were also delivered. A planned maintenance program was carried out on East Azeri platform 
and the Azeri Central East project continued its progress towards first oil, with enabling works on other 
platforms, fabrication and installation activities. After a suspension due to technical difficulties, the Chirag 
Gas Lift System is fully operational now since a resolution was found. 
Africa 
 
Licence information as of 30 June 2023 
Country 
Block 
2022 YE 
Reserves 
(MMboe) 
2022 
Production 
(mboepd) 
Operated 
by the 
MOL 
Group 
MOL 
Group 
Diluted 
share 
(per 
cent.) 
Partner(s) (per cent.) 
Egypt 
Ras Qattara 
1.8 
1.6 
No 
25 
APEX (Op. 75) 
West Abu 
Gharadig 
No 
25 
APEX (Op. 45), Dana 
Petroleum (30) 
North 
Bahariya 
No 
20 
Sahara North Bahariya 
Ltd (Op. 50), Greystone 
(30) 
East 
Damanhur 
No 
20 
Winteshall Dea (Op 40), 
Cheiron (40) 
Block 8 East 
Bir El Nus 
No 
50 
Energean Egypt Limited 
(Op 50) 
Egypt 
The MOL Group, through INA, has interests in three production concessions in the Western Desert of Egypt 
as non-operator with several partners (25 per cent. stake in the Ras Qattara and West Abu Gharadig licences 
and 20 per cent. stake in the North Bahariya licence).  
East Yidma concession was an INA operated asset with a 100 per cent. stake until November 2022 when the 
divestment process was finalised. A purchase agreement with National Petroleum Co. South Ramadan (NPC) 
was signed in August 2022 while DoA was approved by MoP on 14 November 2022. 
On the North Bahariya concession, a total of 9 wells were drilled in 2022, out of which 5 are producing and 4 
are water injectors. On Ras Qattara and West Abu Gharading, IEOC as operator of both concessions, sold its 
share to APEX. The West Abu Gharadig concession agreement was extended in May 2023 and a Deed of 
Assignment (DoA) to transfer IEOC’s interest to APEX was signed in June 2023.The regular maintenance of 
production and implementation of development projects advanced on all concessions. 
In addition to the production assets, INA is partner on East Damanhur exploration concession in the Nile Delta 
with 20 per cent. stake. In Q4 2022 one exploration well ED-2X ST1 was drilled as gas discovery.  
In February 2022, Energean and INA (each with a 50 per cent. stake) won the East Bir El Nus exploration 
concession in Egypt's 2021 Bid Round, and Energean became the Operator. The Concession Agreement was 
signed a year later, in February 2023.

--- Page 160 ---
160 
 
 
Angola 
On 19 July 2022 Afentra (Angola) Ltd has signed a Sale and Purchase Agreement with INA to acquire a 4 per 
cent. interest in Block 3/05 and a 5.33 per cent. interest in Block 3/05A, with an effective date of 30 September 
2021. The transfer of INA’s participation interests in both blocks was approved by the Minister of Mineral 
Resources, Petroleum and Gas, and executive decrees issued. The divestment process was completed on 5 May 
2023. 
Technological considerations 
The Upstream Segment of the Group continues to focus on extracting maximum value from its assets, engaging 
in a wide range of activities in a structured and systematic way to maximise recovery and production rates. 
These activities include undertaking well and reservoir performance improvement measures (such as well 
interventions, workovers, artificial lift optimisation and stimulation), and utilisation of different EOR 
technologies in the CEE region to enhance the recovery of oil or gas from the reservoirs. These technologies 
require extensive research, development, testing, and piloting to ensure that they are technically feasible, 
economically viable, and environmentally acceptable. 
The Group's drilling activity aims to support its strategic goals of maintaining a resilient and profitable 
upstream business, replenishing its reserves, and expanding its international footprint. In 2022, the MOL 
Group successfully continued with the drilling of new development wells. Production optimisation 
programmes continued in Hungary and Croatia, which resulted in an annualised production uplift of 2.5 
mboepd with a total of 107 well workovers. Progress was made in Kurdistan as drilling activity increased both 
at Pearl and Shaikan, and in Kazakhstan where EPCC execution started and FDP was approved. The group-
level organic reserves replacement ratio, with revisions, reached 185 per cent. for year-end 2022. 
As a result of the Group’s commitment to applying the best available technology in drilling, in 2018 MOL 
Group was able to successfully drill and test the first offshore well in the North Sea as an operator and since 
then several others followed until the divestment in Norway. These complex drilling operations were delivered 
without any safety incidents. In 2022, a total of 9 exploration or appraisal wells were drilled in 3 countries, out 
of which 4 new discoveries were made in 2022. In addition to its drilling operations, seismic acquisition 
campaigns and interpretation works progressed in Hungary, Croatia, and Pakistan. 
The Group is undergoing a digital transformation and as a part of this, several initiatives are in progress. In 
Russia, the Baitugan oil field is in the process of transforming into a digitalised “smart” field. Production 
facilities, which include more than 500 production and injection wells, central processing facilities and many 
other units have been equipped with modern technologies that enable centralised data gathering from the field 
with instant access to this data. Being a smart field allows remote control of the facilities and the capability of 
placing the operations of the facilities in automatic mode. In Hungary and Croatia, machine learning and data 
science techniques are applied in line with the industry achievements in both exploration and development 
projects. An example of this is where rock typing is conducted on extensive subsurface data sets in the reservoir 
characterisation processes. This software uses machine learning and deep learning-based applications. 
Overview of the Upstream Segment’s Results in the first half of 2023 
In H1 2023, the Upstream Segment’s EBITDA amounted to HUF 136.8 billion (USD 382 million) for 
continued operations, a decrease of 63 per cent. as compared to the same period in the previous year. The 
Upstream Segment remained a strong cash-flow contributor to the Group. The EBITDA in H1 2023 was also 
impacted by the net revenue based tax amounting to HUF 42 billion (USD 122 million), and higher mining 
royalties also contributed negatively to comparisons with the same period in the previous year. There was a 28 
per cent. decrease in average realised hydrocarbon price and a 25 per cent. decrease in realised crude oil and 
condensate prices compared to H1 2022, while realised gas prices decreased by 32 per cent. over the same 
period in the previous year. The Group-level average direct production cost, excluding DD&A, increased by 
16 per cent. to 5.8 USD/boe against the same period in 2022 mainly as a result of increased energy costs

--- Page 161 ---
161 
 
 
together with the stoppage of Shaikan production since 25 March 2023. Average daily hydrocarbon production 
decreased by 1.7 mboepd (2 per cent.) to 91.6 mboepd in H1 2023 compared to H1 2022, driven by lower 
volumes from ACG, a change in entitlement and base production decline, and natural decline in Pakistan and 
in Croatia. 
In H1 2023, the Upstream Segment’s CAPEX amounted to HUF 58 billion (USD 166 million), an increase of 
9 per cent. compared to the same period in the previous year, primarily due to increased spending of exploration 
and development activities in Hungary, and the Kurdistan region of Iraq, which was partially offset by lower 
spending in Pakistan and Russia. More than 85 per cent. of the total Upstream Segment’s CAPEX was spent 
in the CEE region and Azerbaijan combined. 
DOWNSTREAM SEGMENT 
The Downstream Segment, with a deeply integrated refining and marketing and petrochemicals business 
model has assets in 11 countries, around 9,300 employees and approximately 55,000 wholesale customers. It 
operates three refineries (located in Hungary, Slovakia and Croatia) with a total capacity of 380Mbpd and 
17 mtpa refined products sales, as well as two petrochemical plants with 1.5 mtpa petrochemical products 
sales.  
Together, the three refineries have an increasingly diversified petrochemical base. As such, the Downstream 
Segment is strategically well positioned to generate higher margins through increased integration in the 
landlocked markets of the CEE region. The Group continues to focus simultaneously on operating efficiencies 
and growth opportunities to withstand and benefit from changes in the external macro environment. The 
Downstream Segment has several transformational projects underway through which it is pursuing the targets 
laid down in the MOL 2030+ Strategy aiming for supply diversification, as a consequence of which a crude 
oil diversification programme was launched in 2022. 
 
European energy companies face unprecedented uncertainty as a result of the Russian Ukrainian war. The 
landlocked Danube Refinery in Hungary and the Bratislava Refinery in Slovakia were designed to process the

--- Page 162 ---
162 
 
 
mainly Russian export blend (REB) of crude oil. However, even before the outbreak of the war, the Danube 
Refinery was capable of processing a maximum of 35 per cent. of seaborn crude oil transported via the Adriatic 
pipeline. After the outbreak of the war, MOL Group accelerated its crude diversification programme.  
In the short term it is not possible to replace REB crude oil with other crude oils of similar physical and 
chemical properties (one-to-one) in either quality or quantity, and it is only through a special blending 
operation that the desired quality can be ensured. The immediate replacement of REB crude oil faces 
significant technical, transportation, storage, and commercial limitations. MOL Group estimates that 2-4 years 
will be needed for its refineries and logistics system to be ready to process 100 per cent. alternative crude oil 
with the expected level of safety and reliability. To achieve this, MOL Group started a detailed analysis and a 
careful planning process. The initiation of the relevant projects started in 2022, followed by the appropriate 
decision to mandate the relevant investments and modernisation processes, with the estimated required 
investment to be about USD 500-700 million. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, these investment projects 
are ongoing. 
In November 2022, as part of preparations for sanctions on the export of fuels made from Russian crude oil a 
new alternative crude oil, Arab Light, was tested successfully in the Bratislava refinery. This represented the 
reaching of an important milestone in ensuring further supply security for the region.  
In March 2023, the Group achieved a new historic record in well-to-wheel and diversification by transporting 
Azeri light crude oil from a jointly owned oilfield in Azerbaijan to Hungary. The Azeri Light was produced at 
the Azeri-Chirag-Gunashli oil field, where the Group has a 9.57 per cent. stake. In April 2023, the Group 
started test production of petroleum products using the Azeri Light, after successfully testing several different 
kinds of oils from the Caspian and Middle East regions at Slovnaft Refinery. 
This is another important milestone for the Group toward greater crude sourcing flexibility amid the European 
sanctions prohibiting the export of petroleum products made from Russian crude oil from EU member states.  
Even with the heavy turnaround season during 2022 and the motor fuel price cap regulation in Hungary (and 
to a lesser extent in other CEE countries), the Downstream Segment managed to supply its core markets. 
Supply security was maintained even though the price cap drove out imports from the market. In early 
December 2022 the price cap regulation was terminated, allowing imports to again re-enter the market. 
The Downstream Segment has achieved significant interim targets since the announcement of the MOL 2030+ 
Strategy. In general, the petrochemical business of the MOL Group is a segment of its downstream operations 
that produces and sells a range of petrochemical products, such as olefins, polyolefins, aromatics, and 
intermediates, to various industries and markets. The petrochemical business of the MOL Group is also 
pursuing a long-term strategy of transforming into a leading chemical player in the region, with a focus on 
expanding its product portfolio and geographical reach, especially in the high-value-added segments of 
mobility, packaging, and recycling. 
In an effort to move along the value chain in petrochemicals, the Polyol Plant, which represents the single 
biggest organic investment in the MOL Group’s corporate history, is nearing mechanical completion (i.e. USD 
1.4 billion as mentioned above). Furthermore the Rijeka refinery upgrade, that also includes the construction 
of a delayed coker, is well underway. In 2022, MOL continued to consider the feasibility of a first cycle fuel 
to chemicals project. The Downstream Segment continued to work towards building its future product 
portfolio. These efforts are not only connected to capitalising on opportunities created by a carbon constrained 
economy but also build on the EU’s Fit for 55 targets with an intention to decrease Europe’s energy 
dependency. MOL took further steps to strengthen its recycling portfolio through the acquisition of ReMAT, 
the biggest player in the plastic recycling market in Hungary with a 25 kt mechanical recycling capacity. In 
addition, MOL continues to explore opportunities in green hydrogen, biofuel production, mechanical recycling 
and compounding.

--- Page 163 ---
163 
 
 
In line with the MOL Group’s sustainability targets, a green hydrogen project in the Danube Refinery entered 
the execution phase, while several new energy efficiency and CO2 reduction initiatives were developed. In line 
with its strategic objectives, the execution of major projects continued, such as the expansion of production 
capacities for maleic anhydride in the Danube refinery and of polypropylene production in Slovnaft’s 
Bratislava refinery, construction of the new Olefins Conversion Technology (OCT) Unit and the life time 
extension programme for the Steam Cracker Unit in the MOL Petrochemicals’ complex in Tiszaújváros, 
Hungary. 
In 2022 MOL Group has made the first steps in the Hydrogen Development Roadmap. In the New and 
Sustainable Businesses unit (as detailed below) a new dedicated Hydrogen team and programme was designed 
for the purposes of complex hydrogen value chain development. A pilot project was initiated for the 
implementation of a 10 MW PEM electrolyser with a capacity of 1.6kt green Hydrogen production at the 
Danube Refinery. The project received the final investment decision in 2022 and is expected to start operations 
in Q1 2024. In addition, to gain experience and competence in hydrogen production, logistics, and retail, MOL 
will launch low-cost pilot projects (so-called lighthouse projects) in its main markets of Croatia, Hungary and 
Slovakia. MOL also aims to establish partnerships with technological suppliers, mobility companies and 
professional associations in relation to its Hydrogen Development Roadmap. 
In relation to the ongoing transformational projects, the construction works of the new polyol complex in 
Tiszaújváros exceeded 99 per cent. mechanical completion by the end of 2022. The Rijeka Refinery Upgrade 
Project (RRUP) reached 70 per cent. mechanical completion, with related engineering and purchasing 
activities finished according to plan. INA RRUP mechanical completion is expected in H1 2024. 
The Downstream Segment’s investment portfolio is built on the following four pillars to reflect on key industry 
drivers: 
Fuel transformation: Seek diversification in the refining segment and produce more petrochemical products 
instead of motor fuels.  
Diversification: Add new products along the value chain, moving away from commodities and entering 
beyond commodity and specialty petrochemicals’ markets. The key focus is that the market for new products 
is attractive and MOL has to be competitive by backward integration as well. 
Efficiency: Downstream production continued with its greatest transformation initiative called Production in 
Motion (PROmotion). PROmotion aims to improve the Downstream Segment’s EBITDA by targeting 
significant opex-efficiency improvement of refining and petrochemical assets as well as personal productivity 
improvement of the MOL Group’s people and organizations and by committing over 150 million USD 
(compared to 2018) opex- efficiency improvement until 2025. Up to 8 million gigajoules volumetric energy 
saving, with up to 500 ktpa saving in CO2 emission (in scope 1-2) is targeted with triple digit (USD million) 
energy opex efficiency by 2025 compared to 2018.  
Sustainability: The sustainability strategy is under development and includes the climate strategy which aims 
to decrease both direct and indirect greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions. The Downstream Segment will progress 
this in three streams: 
• 
Efficiency improvement – The Downstream Segment intends to investigate possible energy efficiency 
initiatives to reduce own consumption, losses and minimize overall energy consumption. The 
Downstream Segment also targets supporting its customers to reduce their own energy consumption 
with the MOL Group’s products and to be more energy efficient. 
• 
Circular economy – The Downstream Segment aims to continue the development of its recycling 
business and investigate further potential of such activities to support its communities.

--- Page 164 ---
164 
 
 
• 
Decarbonisation technologies – The Downstream Segment aims to investigate technologies that will 
allow it to reduce its GHG footprint and diversify its product portfolio from fossil fuels.  
The Group continues to work towards profitable and technically feasible solutions to converge towards the 
MOL 2030+ Strategy’s vision of a 50/50 fuel / non-fuel ratio and to deepen its value chain in chemicals. 
Financial overview 
In 2022, the Downstream Segment achieved a record high HUF 848.4 billion Clean CCS EBITDA, which is 
88 per cent. higher than the previous year’s performance. The exceptional result was driven by the performance 
of the R&M segment, which was driven by all-time highs in the different external environment factors 
contributing to its performance. These external environment factors include exceptional motor fuel crack 
spreads and the unprecedented widening of the Brent-Ural spread (as detailed above). The R&M segment 
delivered more than 90 per cent. of Downstream Clean CCS EBITDA, despite extra taxes and government 
measures. The petrochemical segment delivered weaker results than in 2021, mainly driven by a turbulent 
external environment characterised by frequently changing market and regulatory circumstances including the 
outbreak of the Russia-Ukraine war, weakening demand of plastic consumers and unprecedented high energy 
prices.Governmental decisions in Hungary had a significant impact on the MOL Group’s financial 
performance, such as the retail price cap regulation entering into force on 15 November 2021, which set a 
maximum price for gasoline and diesel at 480 HUF/liter. This regulation was subsequently amended and from 
28 February 2022, a wholesale price cap on fuels was introduced of 480 HUF/liter and eventually was phased 
out in December 2022 Windfall taxes were also imposed in Hungary on the Brent-Ural spread in 3 phases: 25 
per cent. rate from 1 January until the end of July 2022, which was increased to 40 per cent. from 1 August 
2022 until 7 December 2022, and further increased to 95 per cent. from 8 December 2022. 
An important development on the regulatory side is that the wholesale price cap was phased out in early 
December 2022, which made a significant positive contribution operationally on the MOL Group as with 
market-based pricing this again allows import flows into the country. However, on the financial side, the 
overall picture is mixed as a result of the increase in the Brent-Ural taxation from 40 per cent. to 95 per cent. 
of this margin.  
In 2022 the increased motor fuel crack spreads resulted in a stronger refinery margin, backed by a significantly 
wider discount on Urals. However, gains were limited by the fuel price cap and windfall taxes applied in 
Hungary as well as high energy prices. The price cap regulation led to both an increase in demand for fuel in 
Hungary and to diminished imports. In addition, refinery shutdowns also hindered own fuel production, so 
supplying the Hungarian market proved challenging in these conditions.The price caps prevented importers 
from making a profit and the loss of imports, combined with technical difficulties, such as malfunctions that 
halved domestic production at MOL’s refinery, have left Hungary with about a third of its normal supplies. In 
the first half of 2022, rising prices hindered domestic mark-up levels, but the declining quotation environment 
in the second half of the year supported mark-ups. In H1 2023, fuel sales in Hungary decreased significantly 
compared to the same period in 2022, where the consumption in the base period was boosted by the price cap 
regulation. 
The MOL Group Petrochemical margin was an average 180 EUR/t lower as compared to 2021 due to narrower 
polymer-monomer spreads. On the other hand, polymer price levels were much stronger owing to a reduction 
in spot sales and the support of price formula customers. Operations were impacted by a heavy April-July 
maintenance season. Polymer sales volumes were limited by product availability related to maintenance, as 
well as lower demand associated with customer caution over the volatile energy market.   
Total Downstream capital expenditures reached HUF 268.8bn exceeding the 2021 spending. About 58 per 
cent. of this amount was spent on Refining and Marketing projects. Strategic projects such as the Polyol and 
Rijeka Refinery Upgrade Project continued to play a strong role within strategic organic investments.

--- Page 165 ---
165 
 
 
Refining 
The Group’s refineries are located in Hungary (Danube), Slovakia (Bratislava) and Croatia (Rijeka). 
Despite the turbulent external environment, the MOL Group closed the 2022 year with reasonable overall 
availability in the Refining segment (i.e. refineries were operational 93.9 per cent. of the time during 2022) 
which was a strong enabler to take advantage of the stronger refining environment. Total crude processing 
reached 13.7 million tonnes. The Group’s refineries’ capacity to process mainly heavier, sour crude oil raw 
material, provides a cost advantage through the cycle as Urals tend to be cheaper than sweet blends. Moreover, 
high refinery complexity and a deeply integrated downstream portfolio provide a broad range of products, 
which tend to yield higher prices. 
The Danube Refinery  
The Danube refinery is located south of Budapest, with a capacity of 165 kbpd (8.1 mtpa) of crude oil, is one 
of the largest and most complex (NCI 10.6) refineries in CEE region (the Danube Refinery). The facility has 
54 major process plants and is flexible in the processing of crudes from Russia through the Friendship pipeline. 
Alternative crude oils are also available through the Adria pipeline. It has a high upgrading complexity with a 
fluid catalytic cracker (FCC), a mild-hydro cracking unit, a Coker, a catalytic reforming unit, aromatics plants, 
lube units and petrochemical integration through the pipeline with MOL Petrochemicals. 
The Bratislava Refinery 
The Bratislava refinery has a processing capacity of 124 kbpd (6.1 mtpa), processing mainly Russian crude 
from the Friendship pipeline. The Bratislava refinery covers the whole value chain from production, 
distribution, wholesale to retail, and is ranked as one of the most complex refineries in Europe due to the high 
complexity (NCI 11.5). The refinery has its own integrated power plant. The major plants are dedicated to the 
production of a wide portfolio of motor fuels: operations include distillation and vacuum distillation, reforming 
and aromatics extraction. The plant uses a hydrodesulphurisation unit, a hydrocracking unit (HCU), a FCC 
and a residual HCU.  
The Rijeka Refinery 
The Rijeka refinery has a capacity of 90.4 kbpd (4.5 mtpa) of crude oil and is the largest refinery in Croatia, 
with NCI 9.1. The facility has 20 major process plants and is flexible in the processing of crudes from a wide 
range of regions. It has a high upgrading complexity with an FCC unit, a modern HCU and a Visbreaker. The 
refinery has its own power plant for electricity and steam production. The refinery is connected to the Adria 
pipeline and crude oil is supplied under the sea by the pipeline from the island of Krk. Shipping and delivery 
of raw materials, gas oils and refinery products is possible by sea and by land. 
The following table sets out the external refined and petrochemical product sales by product of the Group 
refineries in 2022 and 2021: 
 
External refined and petrochemical product sales by 
product (kt) 
FY 2022 
FY 2021 
Total refined products 
17,693 
17,040 
o/w Motor gasoline 
3,569 
3,302 
o/w Diesel 
10,578 
10,257 
o/w Fuel oil 
291 
362 
o/w Bitumen 
532 
580 
Total petrochemicals products 
1,219 
1,476 
o/w Olefin products 
156 
213 
o/w Polymer products 
994 
1,167 
o/w Butadiene products 
69 
96

--- Page 166 ---
166 
 
 
Total refined and petrochemicals products 
18,912 
18,516 
The following table shows the Group’s refinery margins: 
 
Refinery margin 
FY 2022 
FY 2021 
Ch % 
MOL Group refinery margin (USD/bbl) 
9.0 
1.3 
592 
Complex refinery margin (Mol+Slovnaft, 
USD/bbl) 
10.0 
1.9 
426 
MOL Group petrochemicals margin (EUR/t)  2023 
242 
603 
(60) 
MOL Group petrochemicals margin (EUR/t)  2022 
481 
720 
(33) 
Petrochemicals 
The MOL Group’s petrochemical activity, which is conducted through MOL Petrochemicals Co. Ltd. (MOL 
Petrochemicals), and the petrochemical unit of Slovnaft, a.s. (Slovnaft) in Bratislava (part of the integrated 
Downstream Segment of the MOL Group) holds the leading position in the petrochemical sector in the CEE. 
The MOL Group’s petrochemical activities involve the production and sale of various intermediate and end 
products derived from crude oil and natural gas, such as olefins, aromatics, polyolefins and synthetic rubber 
with the aim of serving the growing demand for petrochemical products in various sectors, such as packaging, 
automotive, construction, agriculture, and healthcare. 
Both MOL Petrochemicals and Slovnaft have many decades of experience in producing polymers of a 
competitive quality for the plastics processing industry, which are fundamental for a wide range of industrial 
application and for production of a large number of consumer goods that are essential to everyday lives. Those 
include such chemicals as polyolefins (i.e. HDPE, LDPE, PP), various monomers (i.e. ethylene, propylene, 
butadiene), aromatics, aliphatics and maleic anhydride, as well as sulphur and pentane. 
Logistics 
The logistics operations of the Group’s Downstream Segment span 11 European countries with approximately 
2,300 direct employees. The role of Logistics is to move products closer to the Group’s customers. This entails 
transportation, loading, storing, discharging, packing (lubes, petrochemicals) and administrating raw materials, 
semi-finished and finished products. It provides logistics support to domestic and regional sales activities, as 
an integrated part of the Group’s supply chain. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, most of the crude oil processed by the Group’s landlocked refineries 
(Danube and Bratislava) arrives by means of the Friendship pipeline through Belarus and Ukraine from Russia. 
However, oil can now be sourced from the Middle East or the Mediterranean and be pumped through the Adria 
pipeline. This means that the security of supply has significantly improved, while the degree of the current 
one-sided dependence on Russia has decreased, allowing the Group to take an opportunistic approach to 
capturing the benefits of fluctuating crude spreads. 
After the processing of crude oil in the refineries, the semi-finished and finished products are delivered directly, 
or through the Group’s distribution network to its customers all over Europe. Over the last 20 years, the 
quantity of product distributed by the product pipeline system has increased significantly, and the product 
range has been greatly expanded. Today, the yearly volume amounts to over 10.5 million tons of different 
product types (gasoline, diesel fuels, chemical feedstocks, power plant fuel oil, JET-A1 aircraft fuel and semi-
finished products). 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus the Group distribution network operates around 40 product storage 
terminals with total commercial storage capacity of approximately 1.8 million m3. In addition, in the Czech 
Republic the Group closely cooperates with the ČEPRO pipeline and depot network system, to which the 
Slovnaft refinery is connected by a product pipeline.

--- Page 167 ---
167 
 
 
Efficiency initiatives in the Downstream Segment’s logistics operations have included excellence programmes 
in the areas of terminal and pipeline operations focusing on higher productivity. In respect of the core business 
products at the rail transportation system, the implementation of a GPS-based monitoring and positioning 
system has been completed to increase efficiency. MOL Group companies are managing a fleet of about 4,000 
rail tank cars between production sites and hundreds of destinations across Europe, all in partnership with 
logistics service providers in freight forwarding, rental and maintenance of rail tank cars. 
In 2022, the MOL Group continued with actions to reduce the cost of its operations and to transform them by 
implementing new tools and processes across its different sites. Although logistics makes a relatively small 
contribution to CO2 emissions at the downstream level, the MOL Group strives to make further improvements 
in this area as well, by reducing fuel consumption in its truck fleet and designing energy efficiency projects 
across its operations. Challenges continue to remain in attracting new skilled workforce, particularly train and 
truck drivers. The MOL Group set out a plan to tackle these issues with a focus on the employee experience 
and by working with HR in attracting a skilled workforce for its operations. In 2022 MOL continued to 
implement “Seeing-machines” which is suitable for drowsiness detection and to monitor distraction events, as 
well as to prevent serious accidents and minor collisions. However, the implementation of the project has 
slowed down because of driver resistance and additional GDPR issues that are to be resolved. 
Commerce and Optimisation (C&O) 
The Downstream Segment’s C&O activities are represented in four new departments as of 1 October 2022 - 
Value Chain Management, Fuels, Chemicals and New and Sustainable Businesses - operating in a total of 13 
countries throughout the CEE region. These departments are responsible for the coordination of fuel sales, 
including fulfilment of the demands of domestic core market sales and optimising core market sales. The 
departments consist of Group supply and trading, asset supply and optimisation and customer care service 
units to enhance the focus on product sales related activities, whereas fuel, petrochemicals and special products 
business units are responsible for managing the value stream of the given product and acting as a single point 
of contact towards the subsidiaries. 
Volatility and a series of unexpected events characterised the C&O departments’ activities in 2022. Due to the 
Russia-Ukraine war, securing regional fuel supply became the main theme of 2022. Frequently changing 
market and regulatory circumstances were a constant in 2022, so adaptation and the ability to react quickly 
were crucial. The C&O activities focused on maintaining the continuity of the supply chain, while it was 
impacted by the elevated risk of raw material supply shortages and the drastic change in the external 
environment. 
As a response to the extremely volatile external environment and changing customer needs, the MOL Group 
reviewed and adapted its internal operation and processes. As a result, four new departments were established 
to succeed the C&O department from 1 October 2022: 
• 
Value Chain Management is responsible for setting the Downstream Segment’s strategy and 
optimisation framework for different time horizons. In addition, this department is managing the crude 
and other feedstocks sourcing and trading, as well as risk management.  
• 
Fuels is responsible for managing the MOL Group’s fuel value chain, including market supply, sales 
optimisation and sales activity in all downstream markets.  
• 
Group Chemicals is responsible for managing the sales, purchase and marketing of the petrochemicals, 
commodity chemicals, special chemicals and polyol businesses and value chain optimisation of 
polymers, monomers and polyols.  
• 
New and Sustainable Businesses focuses on CO2 emission reduction initiatives, scaling up existing 
non-traditional business lines (recycling and compounding) and business development of new value 
chains (i.e. hydrogen and biogas) in order to drive the Downstream Section in its low-carbon transition.

--- Page 168 ---
168 
 
 
Development 
The Downstream Segment’s development team creates, builds and manages the new growth engines of the 
Downstream Segment, which are the investments made in MOL’s future Downstream Segment business 
portfolio, and increases the overall efficiency and sustainability of the Downstream Segment’s assets through 
defining, recognising, developing and delivering the right projects to extend the Group’s EBITDA through the 
following:  
• 
“Downstream Segment business development” - Identifying and developing strategic organic and 
inorganic opportunities, managing development of project portfolio and pipeline and developing 
business case and technical scope for large projects. 
• 
“Downstream Segment research and development” - Creating and delivering research and 
development strategy. 
• 
“Downstream Segment projects and technology” - Managing the development of project portfolio and 
pipeline and developing technical scope for large projects. 
• 
“Downstream Segment strategic projects” - Delivering strategic projects. 
In 2022, the Downstream Segment invested thousands of engineering hours, both internal and external, to 
develop its crude diversification project portfolio that will enable the MOL Group to gradually increase the 
intake of non-Russian crude oils into its refineries. In line with the MOL Group’s sustainability targets, the 
green hydrogen project in the Danube Refinery entered the execution phase, while several new energy 
efficiency and CO2 reduction initiatives were developed. In line with its strategic objectives, the execution of 
major projects continued, such as the expansion of the production capacities of maleic anhydride in the Danube 
refinery and of polypropylene production in Slovnaft’s Bratislava refinery, the construction of the new OCT 
Unit and the lifetime extension programme of the Steam Cracker Unit in MOL Petrochemicals’ complex in 
Tiszaújváros, Hungary. 
Construction activities for the flagship Polyol Project of the Downstream Segment came close to completion 
by the end of 2022, with the focus of the project management teams shifting towards the complex sequence of 
commissioning activities. Most of the utility units were taken over from the contractor in December 2022, 
along with a semi-industrial size polyol line that is capable of executing the final steps of product development 
and serving selected customers with first product samples. The semi-industrial polyol unit will use purchased 
raw materials and will first work in an isolated mode. The takeover of the aforementioned units are important 
as they open the route for the cold- and hot commissioning of the processing units and the scale-up of 
production. In 2022, all of the necessary permits for start-up and trial operations have been organised, and raw 
materials and catalysts have been specified and ordered, or are ready for ordering. The operating teams have 
been set up and play an integral role in commissioning as “on the job” training. As for the remaining steps of 
commissioning, it is anticipated that the processing units will enter the hot commissioning phase by mid- 2023. 
Trial production shall start in multiple steps in the second half of 2023. The start-up sequence shall be 
optimised taking into consideration the guarantee testing of units and the market acceptance time of the various 
products. 
Overview of the Downstream Segment’s Results in the first half of 2023 
The Downstream Segment delivered Clean CCS EBITDA of HUF 143.7 billion (USD 402 million) in H1 
2023, more than halving profitability as compared to the same period in the previous year. The poor 
performance of H1 2023 is attributable to the decreasing fuel demand and the narrow Urals spread. The refinery 
margin was 7.4 USD/bbl in H1 2023, while it was 8.7 USD/bbl in H1 2022. Diesel prices followed a decreasing 
trend throughout H1 2023, while the price of gasoline was at a unusually high level for the season and 
outperformed diesel.

--- Page 169 ---
169 
 
 
The gasoline crack spread decreased in H1 2023 compared to H1 2022 because of elevated demand in H1 2022 
caused by the Russia-Ukraine conflict. The diesel crack spread was also lower as compared to the same period 
in the previous year, caused by high import volumes arriving in Europe as a result of preparation for the product 
embargo on Russian diesel. Refinery throughput was flat in H1 2023 as compared to H1 2022. The 95 per 
cent. Brent-Ural taxation that was introduced in Hungary (see “Recent Developments - Windfall Taxes - Extra 
profit tax on Brent-Ural spread”) reduced profits by USD 312 million in H1 2023. 
The Petrochemical margin in H1 2023 was 37 per cent. below the result in H1 2022, with the business suffering 
from low demand. Despite the fall in demand, petrochemical sales volumes were in line with H1 2022. 
2. 
CONSUMER SERVICES SEGMENT 
The consumer services segment consists of two main business lines: retail, which includes both fuel and non-
fuel retailing and mobility, which comprises of all other services provided for people in transit. 
Retail 
The MOL Group currently owns a network of nearly 2,400 SeS under six well-established brands across ten 
countries in CEE. MOL, Slovnaft, INA, Tifon, Energopetrol and Lotos are all brands within the Group. The 
MOL Group’s networks play a leading role in the Croatian, Hungarian, Slovakian and Bosnian retail markets 
and represent the premium segment in Czech Republic, Romania and Slovenia. Additionally, MOL also has a 
retail presence in Serbia, Montenegro and Poland. 
The following diagram shows the international presence of the Group’s Consumer Services Segment as at the 
date of this Base Prospectus, including its market position and market share in each country.10  
 
Besides maintaining a strong position in fuel retailing, one of the MOL Group’s strategic aims is to transform 
its retail network into multi-purpose SeS and to shift from product-driven to customer-driven operations by 
building on MOL Group’s market expertise, size and knowledge of the Group’s approximately 10 million 
customers and approximately 1 million transactions daily.  
 
10  
Source: Hungarian, Romanian, Slovakian and Czech local oil associations and the Group’s own estimates

--- Page 170 ---
170 
 
 
The Consumer Services Segment saw significant growth between 2016, when it was established as a 
standalone segment, and 2021. In 2022 however government interventions in the form of price regulatory 
measures played a major negative role. Despite this significant negative development there was increased focus 
on the continued roll-out of the Fresh Corner concept resulting in a material increase in non-fuel sales and 
margins. The extraordinary conditions created by regulatory measures also brought a substantial rise in 
volumes sold at the MOL Group’s service stations. The business will be focused on the retention of these 
customers in 2023, which will be supported by the gradual regional roll out of the recently introduced MOL 
Move loyalty app that has already been downloaded by 700,000 customers following its launch in Hungary, 
Croatia, Slovakia, Czechia and Slovenia. Moving forward there will also be enhanced focus on the integration 
of more than 400 service stations acquired in Poland at the end of 2022, where MOL is well established to 
achieve a second position in the local market. In preparation for the beyond the fuel age, the mobility division 
within Consumer Services - as part of the 2030 strategy – launched a number of clean, alternative mobility 
related products and services (as detailed below), with the aim of facilitating the gradual shift towards 
multimodal, clean and sustainable transportation. As part of this new strategy, the MOL Group will continue 
to expand EV charging points across its network and third-party locations, with the aim of becoming a leading 
mobility service provider in the CEE region.  
Retail completed over 200 reconstructions, including forecourt, car- and jet-wash reconstructions and the 
installation of the non-fuel concept, Fresh Corner, at the service stations across the MOL Group network. 110 
Fresh Corners were added across the network taking the total number of Fresh Corners to 1,179 as at 31 
December 2022. To enhance non-fuel transactions further in line with the increased fuel sales in 2022, the 
Consumer Services Segment completed over 400 gastro acceleration projects by expanding the gastro and 
grocery categories at Fresh Corner. The offering was also expanded by a wider range of convenience services 
(e.g. self-service and innovative payment solutions), and an own branded energy drink and crisps offer across 
the Group, in addition to the Fresh Corner milk and coffee. French-type hot dog and quality coffee remained 
the core products, together with other food options through which the Fresh Corner concept offers hot and cold 
snacks for people on the go. 
MOL also focuses on increased digitalisation and the ability to combine the in-store and online experience. 
(e.g. customers can benefit from discounts, coupons and gifts through the MOL Move application). MOL 
anticipates moving beyond the boundaries of physical locations by developing seamlessly integrated online 
services to address consumers’ increasing need for convenience. In 2021, MOL launched its multi-year digital 
transformation programme to achieve three goals: personalise customer loyalty interactions, enhance the 
convenience of the customer experience and improve internal operations via leveraging data. 
Mobility solutions 
Looking beyond traditional retail, MOL has started to embrace rapid changes in transportation by tapping into 
growing areas of consumer demand. MOL’s aim is to become one of the primary sources of mobility solutions 
and innovations in the region, and to branch out from a commodity seller to a service provider.  
Group E-Mobility has been established to develop and provide a charging infrastructure for Electric Vehicles 
or Battery Electric Vehicles under the brand of MOL Plugee. The MOL Group is aiming to become a leading 
regional player on the CEE e-mobility market and to differentiate itself through its operation of the electric 
charging network with state-of-the-art service level. By the end of 2022 the MOL Group operated more than 
241 charging stations in the region, which is expected to grow further in following years. MOL Group launched 
its application based service in Hungary in 2020 and in Slovenia, Slovakia, Czech Republic, Croatia and 
Romania in 2021. At the end of 2022 it enabled more than 20,000 registered users and other customers to have 
a seamless charging experience in 6 countries.  
The e-mobility goal of MOL Group in 2023 is to cover 7 white spots in Hungary (i.e. gaps in the existing or 
planned charging network that need to be filled or bridged to enable more convenient and widespread e-
mobility) with ultra-fast (150kW) and scalable (60 to 120kW) fast charging stations utilising the EU subsidy

--- Page 171 ---
171 
 
 
for network development across 6 countries, together with E.ON Group under the auspices of the CEF2 
(CONNECT-E) program. 
MOL Fleet Solution was established as part of the Group’s mobility strategy in 2017. The main target was to 
finance and manage vehicles owned and used by the MOL Group and external clients and the fleets of small 
to medium-sized or large businesses. The number of financed and managed cars reached almost 5,100 by the 
end of 2022. MOL Fleet Solutions targets the size of its fleet reaching 10,000 cars by 2026. 
MOL Limo is the leading player in car-sharing in Hungary with the largest fleet and service area. By 2022, a 
fleet of 450 shared cars from 14 different models (6 electric, 1 hybrid, 7 petrol) were in operation, number of 
electric vehicles (EVs) were 132. An analysis of opportunities to introduce the service in new locations in the 
CEE region is planned 
Financial performance 
2022 results have been heavily affected by regulatory measures across the CEE. Due to fuel price regulatory 
measures (which were introduced in 6 of the MOL Group’s markets for different periods during 2022) 
EBITDA decreased by 34 per cent. to HUF 121.2 billion year-on-year and the increased retail tax also 
represented a significant cost burden. Regulated fuel prices on main grade products generated a 17 per cent. 
increase in fuel volumes year-on-year, and due to being excluded from the regulations, premium grade 
products dropped by about 9 per cent. Non-fuel margin expansion (which increased by 33 per cent. year-on-
year) and the fuel sales volume increase partly mitigated these negative drivers. By the end of 2022, there was 
a significant change in network size due to the acquisition of the additional 400 service stations in Poland, 
bringing the total number of service stations to almost 2,400. 
 
Segment results (HUF billion) 
FY 2022 
FY 2021 
EBITDA 
121.2 
182.5 
Profit from operation 
76.6 
143.4 
CAPEX 
250.5 
49.9 
 
Total retail sales (kt) 
FY 2022 
FY 2021 
Ch % 
Hungary 
1,881 
1,313 
43 
Slovakia 
786 
709 
11 
Croatia 
1,180 
1,054 
12 
Romania 
748 
790 
(5) 
Czech Republic 
466 
486 
(4) 
Other(8) 
472 
419 
13 
Total retail sales 
5,597 
4,771 
17 
 
Non-fuel indicators 
FY 2022 
FY 2021 
Non-fuel margin 
38,2% 
28.6% 
Number of Fresh corner sites 
1,179 
1,070 
Overview of the Consumer Services Segment’s Results in the first half of 2023 
The EBITDA of the Consumer Services Segment increased by 183 per cent. to HUF 105.6 billion (USD 301 
million) in H1 2023 compared to HUF 37.3 billion (USD 110 million) in the same period in the prior year. 
The increase was attributable to the abolishment of the Hungarian fuel price cap, however rising operating 
costs (resulting mainly from the acquisition of the Lotos service station network in Poland) and permanent 
retail tax played a negative role. The results were supported by increasing demand in most CEE countries as 
well as a further improving non-fuel contribution. The network size stood at 2,341 sites in Q2 2023.

--- Page 172 ---
172 
 
 
3. 
GAS MIDSTREAM SEGMENT 
The Gas Midstream Segment is led by FGSZ. FGSZ is the sole operator and owner of the nearly 6,000km long 
high-pressure natural gas transmission pipeline system in Hungary since FGSZ completed its acquisition of 
Hungarian Gas Transit Ltd. (MGT Zrt.) in the fourth quarter of 2019, supplying gas distribution companies, 
power plants and a number of large industrial consumers. FGSZ performs its main activity under market 
conditions regulated by EU and domestic law. FGSZ ranks among the CEE region’s companies of strategic 
importance. FGSZ plays an important role in delivering gas production to consumers in Hungary and in 
meeting the needs of domestic network users from imported supplies. It also carries out international gas 
transportation activities in addition to domestic gas transmission. It operates bidirectional interconnection 
points with Slovakia, Ukraine, Romania, Serbia and Croatia and a unidirectional entry point from Austria. 
FGSZ, as a reliable and efficient operator of the Hungarian natural gas transmission system, intends to enhance 
flexibility and security of supply on the regional natural gas market. Developments aim at establishing new 
routes and strengthening existing interconnections providing opportunities for network users to access new 
sources and exploit trading possibilities. FGSZ is also continuously implementing improvements to enhance 
efficient utilisation of the existing network. The primary objective of FGSZ’s developments is to ensure the 
possibility to transport natural gas to Hungary from all potential directions, as well as to implement internal 
network improvements that will assist in adapting to the changes in the international transport environment. 
By expanding its existing capacities, FGSZ aims to become a key player in the regional gas transmission 
network. At a global level, FGSZ’s pipeline network represents the highest technological standards.  
To further enhance regional market integration, FGSZ completed several agreements and developments of its 
network in 2022. One of the major projects was the Csanádpalota interconnection point development located 
at the Hungarian-Romanian border. As a result of the development import capacities from the Southern Gas 
Corridor through Romania towards Hungary have been boosted from 1.75 bcma to 2.6 bcma. 
In line with its decarbonisation efforts, FGSZ places strong emphasis on sustainability and activities related to 
the green transition and it is exploring the adaptation of the existing transmission system to changing needs 
and to the transport of renewable gases. It is member of the European Hydrogen Backbone initiative. FGSZ is 
further working on a number of other projects to make its current operations more sustainable, carrying out 
methane leak detection and repair activities to reduce greenhouse gas emissions, and energy efficiency 
improvements.

--- Page 173 ---
173 
 
 
The following diagram provides an overview of FGSZ’s network: 
 
Furthermore, FGSZ is the owner and operator of the EU recognised capacity management application Regional 
Booking Platform. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, in addition to FGSZ, sixteen further transmission 
system and storage operators allocate partially or entirely their system capacities throughout the EU and the 
energy community. 
Financial performance 
The Gas Midstream Segment achieved EBITDA of HUF 61.0 billion (USD 163 million) in 2022, representing 
an increase of 48 per cent. compared to 2021, which was driven by rising cross-border capacities and the 
favourable evolution of changes in regulated tariffs which were reflecting the challenges of the external 
economic environment. FGSZ remains a stable cash-flow provider for the Group, based on 2022 results. 
The financial result of the Gas Midstream Segment was affected mainly by the deteriorating economic 
environment (e.g. fluctuating energy prices) and volatile demand for transportation services; while at the same 
time cross-border capacity demands rose significantly and changes in regulated tariffs were also favourable. 
Aggregated transmission volumes were lower by 3 per cent. on a year-on-year basis and FGSZ faced increasing 
demand for flexibility, which included the relocation of Hungary’s main gas supply route in early 2022 from 
the Eastern to the Southern part of Hungary. Domestic transmission volumes experienced a significant 
decrease of 16 per cent. year-on-year due to external economic factors and milder weather conditions; while 
increasing uncertainty in regional gas supply routes resulted in transmitted volumes towards gas storage 
facilities more than doubling on a year-on-year basis. Export transmission demands to neighbouring countries 
(e.g. Romania, Ukraine, Serbia and the Slovak Republic) were more volatile compared to previous year and 
in the total volume transmitted was lower. Non-regulated transit transmission towards Serbia and Bosnia and 
Herzegovina stopped in 2021 (as the Balkan Stream pipeline was completed) resulting in the disappearance of 
non-regulated transit activity. 
Regulated revenues were higher by 56 per cent. on a year-on-year basis mainly due to the significant increase 
in short-term and cross-border capacity demands in line with increased injected gas storage volumes and 
fluctuating export activities. Average regulated tariffs were higher than in the prior year, with tariff changes 
mainly reflecting the challenges of the external economic environment. Fast paced steep price changes, 
especially higher energy costs drove FGSZ’s operational costs significantly higher despite the slightly lower

--- Page 174 ---
174 
 
 
gas consumption of the transmission system, while strict cost control smoothened materially other 
expenditures.  
The total value of capital expenditure and investments almost halved compared to the prior year after the 
completion of the Serbian-Hungarian cross-border interconnection point. In 2022 FGSZ focused on mainly 
sustain-type projects (e.g. pipeline rehabilitation, reconstruction of compressor units) and the completion of 
the Városföld nod and Kiskundorozsma measurement projects. 
The Gas Midstream segment’s EBITDA for the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021 and the six month 
periods ended 30 June 2023 and 2022 are set out below. 
 
Gas Midstream Segment IFRS results  
(HUF bn) 
FY 2022 
FY 2021 
H1 2023 
H1 2022 
EBITDA 
61.0 
41.2 
49.1 
21.1 
Operating profit/(loss) reported 
44.3 
24.5 
40.7 
13.1 
Overview of the Gas Midstream Segment’s Results in the first half of 2023 
The Gas Midstream Segment reached EBITDA of HUF 20.4 billion (USD 60 million) in Q2 2023, showing a 
significant increase compared to the same period in the prior year. As a result of favourable changes in the 
macroeconomic environment (e.g. easing energy prices), regional gas market conditions and transmission 
demands, EBITDA in H1 2023 exceeded H1 2022 and reached HUF 49.1 billion (USD 139 million). 
Domestic transmission volumes in Q2 2023 decreased by 7 per cent. compared to Q2 2022 and by 17 per cent. 
in H1 2023 compared to the same period in the previous year. At the same time utilisation of gas storage 
facilities remained at a high level despite the mild winter weather conditions and transmitted volumes to gas 
storages in H1 2023 were similar to those in H1 2022 (up by 1 per cent.). The volume of regulated export 
transmission to neighboring countries was volatile and decreased overall in the first half of 2023 (-14 per cent. 
compared to H1 2022). In addition to the traditional southern and eastern routes, increased exports to Slovakia 
could only mitigate the overall decrease of regulated export transmission. 
Revenues from regulated transportation activities increased by 107 per cent. in Q2 2023 and by 71 per cent. in 
H1 2023. Regulated revenues rose from an extremely low base, in line with stabilising demands for long-term 
(quarterly and yearly) capacity products and additional revenues due to congestion at certain cross-border 
interconnection points. 
Operating expenses decreased by 14 per cent. in Q2 2023 compared to Q2 2022 and by 27 per cent. for H1 
2023 compared to H1 2022. Operating expenses of the transmission system (OPEX on compressor fuel gas 
consumption and network loss) decreased as market gas prices returned to normal by the end of H1 2023., 
However, other expenses were influenced by the effect of increasing inflation and increased by almost 20 per 
cent., while strict cost controls could only mitigate this unfavourable effect. 
CAPEX expenditures showed a 14 per cent. in Q2 2023 increase compared to the same period in 2022, likewise 
reflecting increases in material and service costs 
BORROWINGS AND CAPITAL EXPENDITURE 
Borrowings 
The Group manages its external financing requirements centrally at the level of the parent company (i.e. MOL) 
with other main group members such as INA and Slovnaft accessing finance from the financial markets only 
occasionally. The MOL Group believes that it has sufficient financing for its operations and investments in 
the short-to medium-term. Its diversified, long-term financing portfolio consists of revolving, syndicated and 
club loans, concluded with multiple international financial institutions and four outstanding long-term bonds.

--- Page 175 ---
175 
 
 
All financing lines are generally refinanced well before maturity. In December 2017, MOL signed a EUR 750 
million revolving credit facility agreement, followed by a EUR 555 million facility signed in July 2018, a EUR 
570 million facility in September 2019, which was increased to EUR 780 million in June 2020, a EUR 575 
million facility agreement in November 2021, which was increased to EUR 725 million with effect on 1 June 
2023. The tenor of all these facilities is five years, with a prevailing embedded extension option of two years. 
All of the facilities have been extended for a further two years (except for the facility signed in 2021 which 
has been extended for one year so far) which means that as of the date of this Base Prospectus, none of the 
facilities have expired. Furthermore a EUR 300 million revolving credit facility was signed by INA in October 
2022. The facility’s tenor is three years with an embedded extension option of two years. 
In 2016, MOL issued EUR 750,000,000 2.625 per cent. notes due 2023 on the Eurobond market. The EUR 
750 million bond was repaid in full along with the last coupon payment on the maturity date on 28 April 2023. 
In 2020, MOL issued EUR 650,000,000 1.500 per cent. Notes due 2027, which mature on 8 October 2027. 
In September 2019 MOL issued a HUF 28.4 billion bond, in September 2020 a HUF 36.6 billion and in 
September 2022 a HUF 35.5 billion bond in line with the “Bond Funding for Growth Scheme” announced by 
MNB. 
 
The amount of undrawn major committed credit facilities 
31 Dec 2022 
31 Dec 2021 
HUF million 
HUF million 
Long-term loan facilities available 
1,186,071 
1,079,285 
Short-term facilities available 
125,499 
156,814 
Total loan facilities available 
1,311,570 
1,236,099

--- Page 176 ---
176 
 
 
Indebtedness 
 
 
 
FY 2022 
FY 2021 
(restated) 
INDEBTEDNESS 
 
 
Simplified Net debt/EBITDA* 
0.30 
0.65 
Net gearing** 
11% 
18% 
*Net debt contains the long- and short-term debt less cash and cash equivalents and securities 
**Ratio of net debt to net debt plus equity. 
Indebtedness on a Simplified Net Debt/EBITDA basis declined to 0.30x from 0.65x, since strong cash flows 
from operations covered organic and inorganic capital expenditure spending and also the dividend distributed 
in 2022. 
Capital Expenditure 
The following tables set out the Group’s capital expenditure in 2022 and 2021 as well as the first six months 
of 2023 and 2022: 
Capital Expenditures 
FY 2022 
(HUF 
billion) 
 
FY 2021 
restated 
(HUF 
billion) 
FY 2022 
(USD 
million) 
 
FY 2021 
restated 
(USD 
million) 
H1 2023 
(HUF 
billion) 
 
H1 2022 
(HUF 
billion) 
 
Upstream 
141.0 
126.7 
375 
415 
58.4 
59.8 
Downstream 
268.8 
206.3 
720 
675 
68.9 
108.7 
Gas Midstream  
11.6 
22.4 
30 
74 
3.3 
2.8 
Consumer Services 
250.5 
49.9 
654 
162 
133.7 
32.0 
Corporate and other 
89.0 
78.8 
237 
256 
17.7 
32.5 
Intersegment transfers 
(1.7) 
(1.1) 
(5) 
(4) 
(1.1) 
(0.6) 
Total 
759.2 
483.1 
2,012 
1,579 
280.8 
235.3 
 
Total capital expenditure spending reached HUF 759.2bn (USD 2,012 million) in 2022, increasing by 57 per 
cent. year-on-year, largely due to the acquisition of the Lotos service station network in Poland. Organic capital 
expenditure spending reached similar levels in USD terms in 2022 as in 2021. The implementation of the 
transformational projects continued, while sustain capital expenditure was mainly influenced by the refinery 
turnarounds, ACG development and the implementation of smaller Downstream projects. In relation to the 
ongoing transformational projects, the construction works of the new polyol complex in Tiszaújváros exceeded 
99 per cent. mechanical completion by the end of 2022. The Rijeka Refinery Upgrade Project (RRUP) reached 
70 per cent. mechanical completion, with related engineering and purchasing activities finished according to 
plan. INA RRUP mechanical completion is expected in the first half of 2024.

--- Page 177 ---
177 
 
 
Upstream Segment Capital Expenditure 
 
(HUF billion) 
 
FY 2022 
FY 2021 
(restated) 
Exploration  
18.0 
20.7 
Development  
107.7 
82.3 
Other  
15.3 
12.9 
 
0.0 
10.7 
Total  
141.0 
 126.7 
The capital expenditure of the Upstream Segment amounted to HUF 141 billion in 2022, expanding by 11 per 
cent. year-on-year. This is attributable to foreign exchange effects, and efficient operations allowing for the 
intensification of all developments aimed at delivering on the objectives of the Upstream Segment’s strategy. 
Development projects accounted for the largest share of this growth as activities continued in Azerbaijan, and 
the Adriatic Offshore Campaign, and Production Optimisation projects in Croatia. Altogether, the CEE region 
and Azerbaijan accounted for more than 83 per cent. (HUF 117.9 billion) of total segment capital spending, 
mostly allocated to development activities. 
Downstream Segment Capital Expenditure 
 
Capital Expenditure 
(in HUF bn) 
FY 
2022 
FY 
2021 
YoY Ch 
% 
Main projects FY 2022 
R&M CAPEX and investments 
155.2 
100.7 
54 
MOL: 
Catalyst 
DR, 
Periodical 
maintenance IAS 16, Increasing the 
eff of Desalters  
SN: Periodical maintenance, IAS16 
SN REF, Catalyst SN REF, BADU5 
- F1 heater replacement  
INA: Rijeka Refinery Upgrade 
Project 
Petrochemicals CAPEX  
110.3 
102.7 
7 
MPC: Polyol Project, MPC SC1 
Lifetime extension, MPC SC1 Boiler 
replacement, PSA installations in 
SC1-2 
SN: Ethylene storage tank, Strategic 
spare 
parts, 
Reconstruction 
of 
furnaces BA101, BA103, BA104, 
PP3 unit revamp 
Power and other 
3.2 
3.3 
0 
SN Power: Periodical maintenance, 
Transformer replacement 
Total 
268.8 
206.7 
30 
 
COMPETITION 
The Upstream Segment’s competitors  
The MOL Group’s Upstream Segment portfolio is not replicated by any of its individual peers. 
Notwithstanding this MOL considers that the Group’s upstream competitors include both pure upstream 
players and European integrated companies. In the first category of the Upstream Segment’s competitors there 
are a number of smaller European companies whose activities are exclusively focused on upstream work (i.e. 
exploration and production). These include Lundin, Premier, DNO and EnQuest. The second category consists 
of companies, which in terms of size and background share some similar characteristics to MOL Group. These 
include OMV and Polskie Górnictwo Naftowe i Gazownictwo S.A. 
The Downstream Segment’s competitors 
The Group’s competitors in the Downstream Segment consist of a number of European regional players. 
Although some of these players have upstream activities (OMV being the only fully integrated company in the

--- Page 178 ---
178 
 
 
CEE region besides MOL), their core activities are predominantly downstream focused, including activities in 
refining, petrochemicals and retail. The Downstream Segment‘s competitors include OMV, Polski Koncern 
Naftowy Orlen SA, Tupras Turkiye Petrol Rafinerileri AS, Saras SpA, and Hellenic Petroleum SA. 
The Consumer Services Segment’s competitors 
Similarly to the Downstream Segment, competitors in the Consumer Services Segment encompass a number 
of regional European players. These include OMV, Polski Koncern Naftowy Orlen SA, Hellenic Petroleum 
SA and Naftna Industrija Srbije AD. 
In December, 2022, MOL has entered to the 10th country in Europe, Poland, by acquiring 417 service stations 
with the brand, LOTOS Paliwa based on a sets of agreement with PKN Orlen and Grupa LOTOS SA. With 
the acquisition completed at the end of 2022, the MOL Group’s service station network which previously 
consisted of 2,170 service stations, reached 2,391 stations when combined with the acquired franchise. The 
MOL Group maintained a leading position in the Hungarian, Croatian and Slovakian markets, achieved second 
place in Serbia, while being the third largest market player in the Czech Republic, Slovenia, Montenegro, 
Romania and also in Poland11.  
REGULATION 
The Group conducts its operations in compliance with all relevant regulatory requirements of the relevant 
countries in which it operates.  
The EU provides a general legal framework for the Group’s operations in Member States. This includes 
guarantees of property rights, rule of law and protection against arbitrary state action, enforcement of contracts 
and, in the absence of explicit price regulation, free market pricing. 
The most important legal and operational regulations affecting the Group’s operations are energy laws and 
policies, competition policy; product quality regulations; fuel standards; transportation and, regulatory 
decisions; waste management regulation, the environmental and safety regulations applied to the Group’s 
facilities, taxation legislation, including general corporate taxes as well as targeted sector-specific fiscal terms 
(applicable to areas such as mining royalties); labour laws and employment regulations, GDPR and local data 
protection laws.  
In 2022, Act XLVIII. of 1993 on mining (the Mining Act) has been modified extensively and numerous 
occasions, changes touching upon, inter alia, permitting, role of Mining Authority in certain questions. During 
the year, changes to the royalty regime meant a temporary royalty increase (i.e. applicable until the end of 
2024) with an existing minimum amount. The change also includes a penalty for lost mining royalty for the 
years 2023 and 2024 caused by reducing production compared to 2021. Additionally, the Government 
established the Supervisory Authority of Regulatory Affairs (in Hungarian: Szabályozott Tevékenységek 
Felügyeleti Hatósága) at the end of 2021, which replaced the former authority regulating mining activities, 
consequently regulating and shaping legislation by presidential decrees of named organisation. 
The most important licences, authorisations and approvals to enable the Group to conduct its business in the 
countries in which it operates are: 
• 
mining 
licences/concession 
rights 
on 
the 
relevant 
mining 
plots; 
exploration 
and 
production/exploitation licences for certain areas outside of Hungary, licences for operation of high-
pressure liquid hydrocarbons pipelines;  
• 
technical and environmental licences of the MOL facilities and infrastructure;  
 
11  
Source of market share data: MOL internal estimation.

--- Page 179 ---
179 
 
 
• 
independent transmission system operator, and natural gas production and electricity trading licences, 
issued in accordance with the applicable requirements of the relevant laws; and 
• 
several types of excise licence (related to producing, storage, trading). 
Mining licences can be suspended and/or terminated by the licensing authorities if a member of the Group is 
deemed to have violated their terms. Licences for mining activities are renewed according to their expiry date. 
Exploration and production/exploitation licences set forth the obligatory work commitments with the 
applicable deadlines, which generally can be extended for good reason with the approval of the relevant 
governmental body in accordance with applicable law. 
A number of authorisations and licences for the refineries dealing with environmental or technological issues 
are regulated at an international and national level. In general, the most important authorisations are the 
“Integrated Pollution Prevention and Control” licence (or as recently renamed, the licence under the EU 
Industrial Emissions Directive12) which relates to industrial emissions, water laws, (in some countries) carbon 
dioxide emissions licences, the waste management plans and environmental certificates. The renewal of 
authorisations and licences is dependent on several circumstances. Some of them have unlimited validity and 
some of them require renewal only in the case of a serious event occurring. Others have definite renewal dates 
based on legislative requirements and some of them have to be renewed annually. 
In the case of Hungarian operations, the operator licence for acting as an independent transmission system 
operator is valid for an indefinite period of time. 
In December 2022 Act CLXXXV of 2012 on Waste (the “Waste Act”) was amended as a result of which the 
public waste management service in the territory of Hungary is provided to be in the form of a concession 
from 1 July 2023. The legislative amendment aims to ensure compliance with the European Union directives 
on waste management.  
The Waste Act and related amendments aim to harmonise the legislation with EU legislation on the circular 
economy. This includes the establishment of an extended producer responsibility system and new waste 
management targets. By end of 2024, EU countries should ensure that producer responsibility schemes are 
established for all packaging.  
The state launched a 35-year concession tender for the management of municipal solid waste in Hungary and 
MOL was announced as the winner of the Hungarian state concession tender covering municipal waste 
management services. The concession agreement covers a period of 35 years with a commencement date of 1 
July 2023. MOL established a concession company (MOL Hulladékgazdálkodási Zrt.) in September 2022, 
which entered into the concession contract alongside MOL as the concession winner. According to the 
agreement, MOL will be responsible for the collection of close to 5 million tonnes of municipal solid waste, 
will ensure its treatment and will make related investments. MOL’s main target will be to increase the 
proportion and effectiveness of waste sorting, and to develop technologies that enable the extraction of an 
increased proportion of useful material from waste. 
The concessionaire is entitled to collect fees for its activities. The fees to be paid to the concessionaire will be 
the official prices set by ministerial decree (except for the so-called reimbursement). 
SUSTAINABILITY GOVERNANCE AND STRATEGY 
Sustainability is a board level matter delegated to the Sustainable Development Committee (SDC) of the Board 
of Directors. The SDC is made up of two independent non-executive directors with the Chairman and Vice-
Chairman of MOL’s Supervisory Board (the Supervisory Board) being permanent invitees. The SDC reviews 
 
12  
Directive 2010/75/EU on industrial emissions

--- Page 180 ---
180 
 
 
and approves sustainability policies, long-term sustainability objectives and external environmental, social and 
corporate governance (ESG) reporting.  
Sustainability at MOL Group takes a holistic approach to the management of non-financial risks and is 
integrated into operations and decision making across the Group. MOL introduced its ‘Shape Tomorrow’ 
strategy in 2021, as an update of its existing strategy from 2016 (‘Enter Tomorrow’), in which sustainability 
is a core pillar. As part of its strategy, MOL pledged to decrease its Scope 1 and 2 CO2 emissions by 30 per 
cent. by 2030, and to become a net-zero operating company in 2050 (all scopes covered).  
ESG REPORTING AND ESG RATINGS 
Since 2008, MOL Group has been reporting its financial and non-financial ESG performance in one integrated 
report based on the Group’s materiality matrix. MOL Group uses the IPIECA-API “Oil and Gas Industry 
Guidance on Voluntary Sustainability Reporting” protocol when defining the content of reports and selecting 
which indicators to cover, as well as the GHG emission protocol for estimating the Group’s carbon footprint. 
Furthermore, MOL Group applies the “Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Reporting” as well the “GRI Sector 
Disclosures for Oil and Gas” to report sustainability related information to a broader stakeholder base, whilst 
using the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) “Materiality Map” for cross-referencing 
financially material issues towards the Group’s financial stakeholders (i.e. capital markets investors with MOL 
shares). The MOL Group uses its sustainability report in fulfilment of the legally binding requirements of 
Directive 2014/95/EU on the disclosure of non-financial and diversity information. 
The MOL Group’s ESG reporting is made up of three pillars: (1) the “Sustainability Report” which is 
integrated into the MOL Group’s annual report and covers Group-level material data with explanatory 
narrative restricted to important developments and significant changes in performance described across four 
focus areas (i.e. climate change and environment, health and safety, people and communities, and integrity 
and transparency); (2) the “GRI Reporting Table” which covers 162 different GRI standard indicators 
(including the “Oil and Gas” supplement); and (3) the group-wide data library which contains more than 600 
individual ESG data points. All three pillars undergo external assurance by the external auditor each year. 
The MOL Group is covered by all major ESG analyst, index and rating houses. MOL Group conducts a 
systematic engagement with and monitoring of ESG rating houses’ disclosure requirements to align the 
Group’s reporting practices to the requirements of ESG rating houses. MOL Group submits its responses to 
all ESG rating houses covering the Group. Scores from some of the main ESG rating houses include an AA 
rating by Morgan Stanley Capital International Inc. for five consecutive years. Sustainalytics has ranked MOL 
Group fifteenth out of 296 global oil and gas producers (top 6 per cent.), with the sixth lowest risk among 61 
global integrated oil and gas producers (top 9 per cent.). MOL Group also managed to increase its CDP 
(Climate Disclosure Project) rating from D to B during the last few years. 
SUSTAINABILITY PERFORMANCE DATA 
Selected Group-level material indicators are highlighted below, with references to SASB sustainability 
accounting metric codes, and the GRI reporting standards.

--- Page 181 ---
181 
 
 
CLIMATE CHANGE & ENVIRONMENT 
UNIT OF MEASURE 
2022 
2021 
SASB 
IPIECA 
GRI 
Total Direct GHG (Scope 1)  
million tonnes CO2 eq 
6.64 
6.77 
EM-RM-
110a.1 
CCE-4 
305-1 
Total Direct GHG (Scope 1) under ETS 
million tonnes CO2 eq 
5.73 
6.00 
EM-RM-
110a.1 
CCE-4 
305-1 
Total Indirect GHG (Scope 2) - Location 
based – 2019-2021 data restated 
million tonnes CO2 eq 
0.59 
0.71 
EM-RM-
110a.1 
CCE-4 
305-2 
Total Indirect GHG (Scope 2) - Market 
based – 2019-2021 data restated 
million tonnes CO2 eq 
0.70 
0.75 
EM-RM-
110a.1 
CCE-4 
305-2 
Total Indirect GHG (Scope 3) 
million tonnes CO2 eq 
58.8 
56.8 
- 
CCE-4 
305-3 
Methane (CH4)  
tonnes 
1,964 
2,147 
EM-EP-
110a.2 
CCE-5 
305-1 
Total direct energy consumption 
million GJ 
89.34 
92.9 
EM-RM-
120a.1 
CCE-6 
302-1 
Total indirect energy consumption 
million GJ 
9.10 
7.92 
EM-RM-
120a.1 
CCE-6 
302-2 
Sulphur Dioxide (SO2) 
tonnes 
4,643 
3,409 
EM-RM-
120a.1 
ENV-5 
305-7 
Nitrogen Oxides (NOX) 
tonnes 
5,541 
5,324 
EM-RM-
120a.1 
ENV-5 
305-7 
Number of Spills (>1bbl) 
number 
41 
44 
EM-EP-
160a.2 
ENV-6 
306-3 
Volume of Spills (>1bbl) - HC content 
m3 
984.96 
316.1 
EM-EP-
160a.2 
ENV-6 
306-3 
Total Water Withdrawal 
thousand m3 
88,556 
92,392 
EM-RM-
140a.1 
ENV-1 
303-3 
 o/w regions w/ High or Extremely High 
Baseline Water Stress 
% 
0 
0 
EM-RM-
140a.1 
ENV-1 
303-3 
Total Water Discharged 
thousand m3 
98,894 
99,751 
EM-RM-
140a.1 
ENV-2 
303-4 
Total Waste Generated 
tonnes 
169,288 
162,775 
EM-RM-
150a.1 
ENV-7 
306-5 
HEALTH & SAFETY 
UNIT OF MEASURE 
2022 
2021 
SASB 
IPIECA 
GRI 
Fatalities – own staff 
number 
1 
0 
EM-RM-
320a.1 
SHS-3 
403-2 
Fatalities – contractors (on- and off-site) 
number 
2 
0 
EM-RM-
320a.1 
SHS-3 
403-2 
Fatalities – third parties (work related) 
number 
3 
2 
EM-RM-
320a.1 
SHS-3 
403-2 
Lost Time Injury Frequency (own staff + 
contractors) 
per 1 million worked 
hours 
1.14 
1.07 
EM-RM-
320a.1 
SHS-3 
403-9 
Total Recordable Injury Rate (own staff + 
contractors) 
per 1 million worked 
hours 
1.4 
1.27 
EM-RM-
320a.1 
SHS-3 
403-9 
HAZMAT Transport Related Road 
Accidents 
number 
31 
42 
TR-RO-
540Aa.1 
SHS-4 
403-9 
HAZMAT Transportation Road Accident 
Rate  
cases per driven mn km 
0.33 
0.42 
TR-RO-
540Aa.1 
SHS-4 
403-9 
TIER 1 Process Safety Events 
number 
13 
9 
EM-RM-
540a.1 
SHS-6 
11.8.3 
TIER 2 Process Safety Events 
number 
18 
32 
EM-RM-
540a.1 
SHS-6 
11.8.3 
HSE Penalties 
HUF million 
24 
19 
- 
- 
2-27 
 
PEOPLE & COMMUNITIES 
UNIT OF MEASURE 
2022 
2021 
SASB 
IPIECA 
GRI 
Number of Employees 
number 
24,277 
24,291 
- 
- 
2-7 
  o/w part-time  
number 
395 
340 
- 
- 
2-7 
Employee turnover rate 
% 
13.0 
11.7 
CG-MR-
310a.2 
SOC-6 
401-1 
o/w Voluntary Turnover Rate 
% 
9.2 
6.8 
CG-MR-
310a.2 
SOC-6 
401-1 
o/w Non-voluntary Turnover Rate 
% 
3.9 
4.9 
CG-MR-
310a.2 
SOC-6 
401-1 
Proportion of women in total workforce 
% 
25.6 
24.8 
CG-MR-
330a.2 
SOC-5 
405-1, 
11.11. 
Proportion of women in management 
(HAY 18 and above) 
% 
26.5 
25.9 
CG-MR-
330a.2 
SOC-5 
405-1, 11.11 
Average hours of training per employee 
hours 
29 
24 
- 
SOC-7 
404-1 
Average training cost per employee 
HUF thousand 
104 
75 
- 
SOC-7 
404-1 
Employees covered by collective agreement 
% 
92 
91 
- 
SOC-4 
2-30 
Refineries in or near areas of dense 
population 
number 
3 
3 
EM-RM-
120a.2 
- 
2-1 
Community grievances received 
numbers 
184 
344 
RT-CH-
210a.1 
SOC-12 
413-2

--- Page 182 ---
182 
 
 
Donations in cash 
HUF million 
1,013 
1,376 
- 
SOC-13 
203-1 
Ratio of local suppliers by number 
% 
86 
85 
- 
 
204-1 
o/w Hungary 
% 
77 
78 
- 
 
204-1 
o/w Slovakia 
% 
70 
71 
- 
 
204-1 
o/w Croatia 
% 
86 
81 
- 
 
204-1 
o/w Other 
% 
93 
93 
- 
 
204-1 
INTEGRITY & TRANSPARENCY 
UNIT OF MEASURE 
2022 
2021 
SASB 
IPIECA 
GRI 
Ethics Reports 
number 
102 
105 
- 
SOC-8 
2-26, 406-1 
Ethics Investigations 
number 
71 
78 
- 
SOC-8 
2-26, 406-1 
Ethics Misconducts 
number 
22 
21 
- 
SOC-8 
2-26, 406-1 
Security Investigations 
number 
1,663 
1,688 
- 
SHS-7 
2-26 
Security Misconducts 
number 
1,387 
1,331 
- 
SHS-7 
2-26 
Cyber Security Breaches  
number 
1 
2 
- 
SHS-7 
11.18., 418-
1 
Fines related to anti-competitive practices  
HUF million 
0 
0 
EM-RM-
520a.1 
- 
206-1 
EU Trade associations membership 
expenditures  
EUR thousand 
997 
710 
EM-RM-
530a.1 
GOV-5 
2-28 
Composition of the Supervisory Board 
 
 
 
- 
 
2-9 
o/w Number of board members 
Number 
13 
15 
- 
 
2-9 
o/w Number of independent board members 
Number 
7 
9 
- 
 
2-9 
Composition of the Board of Directors 
 
 
 
- 
 
2-9 
o/w Number of board members 
Number 
11 
11 
- 
 
2-9 
o/w Number of independent board members 
Number 
7 
7 
- 
 
2-9 
ENVIRONMENT 
Environmental Performance 
During 2022, sulphur dioxide (SO2) emissions increased to 4,643 tonnes compared to 3,409 tonnes emitted in 
2021. The 36 per cent. year-on-year increase was driven by the turnarounds in the Slovnaft Refinery where a 
higher amount of sulphur rich off-gases were flared. After the year-on-year decrease between 2020 and 2021, 
Nitrogen oxides (NOx) emissions slightly increased to 5,541 tonnes in 2022 from 5,324 tonnes in 2021. The 
main reason behind the increased amount compared to the previous year was the different loads of the 
equipment during the measurement periods, and the new emissions sources implemented in MOL Pakistan.  
2022 showed a decrease in Carbon monoxide (CO) emissions due to the turnarounds at MOL Petrochemicals 
and Danube Refinery, also driven by better control of the combustion process at the combustion units at 
Slovnaft Refinery. Particular Matter (PM) emissions slightly increased compared to the previous year, mainly 
due to higher fuel oil consumption at Rijeka Refinery.  
The total amount of Volatile Organic Compounds (VOC) decreased in both the Downstream Production and 
also Upstream activities. In the case of the Downstream Segment, the emission was lower due to the 
turnarounds at the MOL Petrochemicals and Danube Refinery and elimination of fugitive emission sources at 
Slovnaft. In the case of the Upstream Segment, the reason for the decrease was the overall reduction of crude 
oil/condensate production at MOL Pakistan. 
Total water withdrawal slightly decreased from 92.4 million m3 in 2021 to 88.6 million m3 in 2022, without 
any significant changes. There was also a slight decrease in water discharge data: 98.9 million m3 in 2022 
compared to 99.8 million m3 in 2021.  
MOL Group’s total direct greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions from operated facilities (Scope 1) reached 6.64 
million tonnes of CO2-equivalents (CO2-eq) in 2022, a small decline compared to the 6.77 million tonnes of 
CO2-eq registered in 2021. Downstream continued to account for most of Scope 1 emissions (85 per cent.), 
with the Upstream Segment accounting for 15 per cent.

--- Page 183 ---
183 
 
 
SCOPE 1 and Scope 2 GHG EMISSIONS 
UNIT OF MEASURE 
2022 
2021 
Downstream 
mn t CO2-eq 
5.64 
5.89 
 o/w Refining 
mn t CO2-eq 
3.3 
3.35 
 o/w Petrochemicals 
mn t CO2-eq 
1.20 
1.49 
 o/w Power and Heat Generation 
mn t CO2-eq 
1.10 
1.01 
 o/w Other Downstream 
mn t CO2-eq 
0.04 
0.04 
Upstream 
mn t CO2-eq 
0.97 
0.85 
Others 
mn t CO2-eq 
0.04 
0.03 
Total GHG Emissions Scope 1 
mn t CO2-eq 
6.64 
6.77 
Total GHG Emissions Scope 2 (location based) 
mn t CO2-eq 
0.59 
0.71 
Total GHG Emissions Scope 1+2 
mn t CO2-eq 
7.23 
7.48 
Emissions from the Group’s Downstream operations slightly decreased compared to 2021, reaching 5.64 
million tonnes of CO2-eq during 2022. The decline is due to several process optimisation activities and the 
higher than usual planned turnarounds, both in refining and petrochemicals production. These contributed to 
the decrease of energy consumption in Production technologies, leading to a continuous decline in the CO2 
emissions of Downstream Production’s refining and petrochemicals activities. Energy efficiency projects also 
reduced Downstream GHG emissions: several projects have been implemented during 2021 and 2022 with 
0.11 million tonnes of CO2 reduction impact compared to the 2019 base year. This is in line with the Group’s 
2025 target to reach at least 0.3 million tonnes like-for-like CO2 reduction compared to 2019. Efficiency 
improvement projects included replacement and modernisation of equipment and H2 recovery.  
To support the energy transition, and in response to the rapidly changing energy and carbon price environment, 
the Downstream Segment launched in 2021,together with a CO2 quota strategy development initiative to 
mitigate the financial impact of CO2 emissions. Furthermore in 2022, a new organisation called New and 
Sustainable Business was created within the Downstream Segment dedicated ownership and a focus on CO2 
emission reduction initiatives, scaling up existing non-traditional business lines (Recycling & Compounding), 
while also incorporating business development of new value chains (i.e: Hydrogen, Biogas) and driving the 
Downstream Segment in its low-carbon transition 
In the case of the Upstream Segment, there was a slight increase in Scope 1 emissions that is mostly attributable 
to INA’s upstream operations, related to the maintenance activity of the Enhanced Oil Recovery (EOR) project. 
Accordingly, in 2022 there were maintenance activities on the compressors during which the total amount of 
CO2 was not injected. In addition, there was a minor increase in production as two new gas compressors were 
installed at the Upstream Segment’s Pakistani operation.  
To minimise the direct impact of the MOL Group operations on the environment, the Upstream Segment aims 
to become net carbon neutral by 2030 with scope 1 and 2 emissions, which accounted for 1.02 million tonnes 
of CO2-eq in 2022. Carbon capture, utilisation and storage offers represents a great opportunity to ensure a net 
zero operation within the Upstream Segment that builds on and leverages its experience in injecting and storing 
the CO2. The Upstream Segment is continuously working on the maturation of CCUS projects as technical 
screening and assessment of different options are ongoing.  
The Upstream Segment is seeking ways to limit its impact on the environment with projects that will also help 
achieve the strategic ambitions of the Group. Among other initiatives and in line with the World Bank’s “Zero 
routine flaring by 2030” initiative, the Upstream Segment aims to eliminate flaring and venting activity in its 
operations. The upcoming regulation of the EU on methane emissions, is expected to eliminate venting and 
flaring and also expected to touch upon other aspects, and the Upstream Segment is accelerating its efforts to 
meet these targets within the short term.  
Group-level methane emissions (mostly from the Upstream Segment) decreased from 2,147 tonnes (53.7 th 
tonnes of CO2-eq) in 2021 to 1,964 tonnes (49.1 th tonnes of CO2-eq) in 2022. The decline was due to a change 
in operational practices at INA Upstream: excess methane was burnt on flares, which aligns with the aim of 
upstream operations to provide procedures and solutions to use flaring instead of venting. GHG emissions 
from flaring increased by 34 per cent. (from 166 th tonnes of CO2-eq in 2021 to 223 th tonnes of CO2-eq in

--- Page 184 ---
184 
 
 
2022). The main reasons behind the increase are planned maintenance activities and the well workover/well 
test at one of the concession areas.  
Location based Scope 2 emissions decreased from 0.71 million tonnes of CO2-eq in 2021 to 0.59 mn tonnes 
of CO2-eq in 2022. Market based Scope 2 emissions (for EU) decreased from 0.75 million tonnes of CO2-eq 
in 2021 to 0.70 million tonnes in 2022. Decrease in Scope 2 was driven by two factors: less purchased 
electricity for production and changing energy mix of countries resulted in decreasing emission factors for 
Scope 2 calculation. 
By 2023, the MOL Group managed to decrease its Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions by 10.1 per cent. compared 
to its 2019 (base year of strategy setting) level, getting it closer to achieving its 2030 sustainability targets.  
Following last year’s success, MOL LUB (Hungarian lubricants producer) successfully offset the 2022 GHG 
emissions of it Almásfüzítő site and became a verified neutral site of MOL Group for the 2nd time in a row. 
Group direct and indirect energy consumption slightly decreased by 1.86 million GJ, from 100.78 mn GJ in 
2021 to 98.92 million GJ in 2022, with most divisions registering a decline in energy consumption. The 
decrease was driven by MOL Group’s strategic objectives focusing on asset efficiency improvement projects 
implemented during turnarounds. Downstream Production launched a programme called “Promotion” in 2021 
with asset equipment’s energy efficient operation focus starting to deliver first results. Major projects in MPC’s 
SC1 unit also had decreasing effects on energy consumption. Hungarian Upstream modernised the cooling 
unit in the Hajdúszoboszló gas plant.  
The share of renewable energy remained below 0.5 per cent. as a percentage of the total energy consumed in 
2022.  
MOL Group accounts under Scope 3 those GHG emissions emitted from the value chain which are not directly 
related to the Group’s own operations (own operations are accounted under Scope 1). MOL Group’s Scope 3 
emissions are mainly the result of the use of the Group’s sold products by customers in the form of fuel (diesel 
and gasoline) and gas. This accounted for almost 95 per cent. of all measured Scope 3 emissions in 2022. 
Accounting methodology for each of the 15 categories can be obtained from the GRI Reporting Table (GRI 
305-3). 
 
CAT 
GHG EMISSIONS SCOPE 3 
UNIT OF MEASURE 
2022 
2021 
1 
Purchased goods and services  
tonnes CO2-eq 
2,004,138 
2,081,670 
  o/w purchased crude oil 
tonnes CO2-eq 
1,497,662 
1,635,607 
  o/w purchased biofuel 
tonnes CO2-eq 
506,477 
446,063 
2 
Capital Goods 
tonnes CO2-eq 
14 
17,190 
3 
Fuel and Energy Related Activities  
accounted under Scope 1 
4 
Upstream 
Transportation 
and 
Distribution – 2021 figure restated 
tonnes CO2-eq 
218,772 
326,491 
5 
Waste Generated in Operations  
not measured 
6 
Business travel  
not measured (not material) 
7 
Employee Commuting  
not measured (not material) 
8 
Upstream Leased Assets  
not applicable 
9 
Downstream 
Transportation 
and 
Distribution  
accounted under Scope 1 
10 
Processing of Sold Products  
not measured 
11 
Use of sold products  
tonnes CO2-eq 
55,597,335 
53,297,650 
  o/w sold refinery products (excl. naphtha) 
tonnes CO2-eq 
51,590,139 
49,287,432 
  o/w sold natural gas 
tonnes CO2-eq 
4,007,196 
4,010,218 
12 
End-of-life treatment of sold products 
tonnes CO2-eq 
645,073 
714,529 
13 
Downstream Leased Assets  
not applicable 
14 
Franchises  
not applicable 
15 
Investments – 2021 figure restated 
tonnes CO2-eq 
345,807 
374,530 
Total GHG Emissions Scope 3 
tonnes CO2-eq 
58,811,138 
56,812,060

--- Page 185 ---
185 
 
 
In relation to soil and groundwater protection, MOL’s Hungarian operations carried out underground 
environmental works at 152 locations (153 in 2021, 171 in 2020) that were aimed at assessing, observing, 
controlling and/or remediating, in order to improve the status of the underground environment. Rijeka Refinery 
continued with its sea protection activities (protective booms) and underground remediation (pumps and 
skimmers), while Slovnaft continuously operates a groundwater hydraulic protection system.  
During 2022, 41 spills to the environment (of more than 1 bbl of hydrocarbon content), with a total 
hydrocarbon volume of 984.96 m3 were recorded across the MOL Group. While the number of spills decreased 
(from the 44 spills in 2021), the total hydrocarbon volume increased significantly (from the recorded 316 m3 
in 2021). 
HEALTH AND SAFETY PERFORMANCE 
The Group has used Total Recordable Injury Rate (TRIR) as the key leading indicator of its own and 
contracted personal safety performance since 2014, replacing the previously used Lost Time Injury Frequency 
(LTIF, measured by number of LTI cases per one mn worked hours). However, the Group still follows the 
number of Lost Time Injuries (LTI) within Total Recordable Injuries (TRI) as well, to keep the possibility of 
differentiation of personal injury cases based on their seriousness. 
During 2022 the number of LTI increased to 106 from 100 in 2021, resulting in a 6.5 per cent. increase in 
LTIF to 1.14 during 2022 compared to the 1.07 LTIF recorded in 2021. Although the number of TRIs 
decreased from 147 cases in 2019, the last relevant and comparable year before COVID-19, to 130 cases in 
2022, the performance expressed in TRIR is the same in both years – 1.40 (since not only the number of events, 
but the worked hours proportionally decreased as well). However, the number of LTIs was 122 in 2019, 
resulting in a 1.16 LTIF value, which compared to the above 106 LTI cases and 1.14 LTIF shows a slight 
improvement.  
Consistently with the 2022 TRI numbers, LTIs were predominately driven by lower severity cases. Overall, 
the top causes of personal injuries during 2022 were still slips, trips, falls (generally caused by human error 
and/or lack of attention), making up 38 per cent. of all injuries, followed by different finger and hand injuries 
(27 per cent.). The most common factor for almost all cases was determined to be lack of attention/ care, but 
rule violations were identified in some cases as well. The smooth implementation of the new six Group-level 
Life Saving Rules introduced on 1 January 2020 continued with the unchanged aim of increasing individual 
awareness and promoting ownership of critical safeguarding measures to prevent injuries and fatalities.  
MOL Group continued to provide Occupational Health & Safety (OHS) training for its staff and contractors 
in compliance with external rules and internal regulations. For MOL Group staff’s continuous HSE education 
the Group started to introduce the Axonify mobile application-based tool, called LEON, which has been 
successfully used for a year by the Upstream Segment, and was also piloted successfully in MOL Logistics, 
and is planned to be expanded to further Business Units in 2023. To improve the in-person contractor HSE 
trainings, INA Production has put into operation its demonstrational Training Center in Rijeka Refinery at the 
end of 2022, and Slovnaft Refinery also opened the already existing Center – used previously only for MOL 
Group staff – for contractors’ work supervisors. MOL Group’s ‘Safety First’ approach still targets ensuring 
safe workplaces and activities, following all internal and external H&S rules, whilst maintaining continuous 
OHS professional support across all operations. In 2021 two major new Group-level OHS initiatives were the 
launch of Personal Protective Clothing (PPC) and Personal Protective Equipment (PPE) harmonisation 
tenders: in 2022 the Group successfully closed the PPE tender with the conclusion of new contracts, while the 
wear-test of new PPC garments from four different bidders was running for five months during the second half 
of 2022, covering all the affected Business Units in the three countries with the biggest operations. No 
occupational illnesses were recorded across the Group during 2022.

--- Page 186 ---
186 
 
 
INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY (IT) 
The Group currently has hundreds of IT applications, out of which the key ones are related to significant 
suppliers. 
The Group has several data centres all over the world.  
Data centres at the Group have the following characteristics: 
• 
Critical systems are replicated across geographical data centres. 
• 
Each data centre has a counterpart for disaster recovery. 
• 
Tapes are stored in different data centres than where they were recorded. 
• 
There are regular audits on tape availability. 
• 
Lines are duplicated. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, there have been no major cyber security incidents which affected 
production units or would have affected the elements of national critical infrastructures.  
A roadmap has been prepared for the further consolidation of IT infrastructure in order to mitigate the risk of 
diversification of technology across geographical locations. The Group is currently implementing a business 
continuity programme. 
In 2014 the Group took a strategic decision to enhance its information security capabilities by hiring a Group 
Chief Information Security Officer (the CISO). The CISO is tasked with continuously assessing the cyber 
resilience of the Group and developing and implementing the necessary safeguards and countermeasures to 
proactively defend against cyber threats.  
In the last five years the team grew to 60 full time employees and developed the Group’s information security 
response strategy supported by the “Business Continuity Management and Disaster Recovery” team. The key 
functional capabilities that are being enhanced are the cyber defence centre, which focuses on detection, 
response and hunting, the overall security framework and the extension of assurance and awareness activities. 
Furthermore, the Group’s cyber security team launched the Group’s “Industrial Cyber Security Programme” 
in 2017. 
LITIGATION  
ICSID arbitration (MOL vs. Croatia) 
MOL’s request for arbitration was filed with the International Centre for Settlement of Investment Disputes 
(ICSID) on 26 November 2013 against the government of the Republic of Croatia under the Energy Charter 
Treaty mainly due to the huge losses INA suffered in the gas business as a consequence of the breach of the 
agreements of 2009 by the government of the Republic of Croatia. The scope of this arbitration goes beyond 
just seeking a remedy for the breach of the contracts in general; it is also about determining the abuse of 
regulatory power at the expense of a single actor, INA, and indirectly, MOL. ICSID delivered its verdict in the 
arbitration case between the Republic of Croatia and MOL on the 5 July 2022.  
According to the ruling of the arbitration tribunal, the Republic of Croatia caused substantial damages to INA, 
and thus indirectly to MOL by failing to take over the gas trading business of INA as well as by breaching 
contractual obligations of natural gas pricing and royalty rate increases, thus awarding MOL with damages in 
the amount of USD 167.8 million. The tribunal awarded a further USD 16.1 million in damages caused by the 
Republic of Croatia by forcing the sale of stored natural gas of INA’s subsidiary (Prirodni Plin). Together with

--- Page 187 ---
187 
 
 
interest MOL was awarded a total of around USD 236 million in damages. This contingent asset has not been 
recognised in the 2022 financial statements. 
Criminal proceeding in relation to MOL’s investment in INA 
In 2011 Croatian authorities launched an investigation against MOL’s Chairman-CEO, Mr. Zsolt Hernádi, 
alleging that he committed the criminal offence of bribery by offering EUR 10 million to the former Prime 
Minister of the Republic of Croatia, Dr Ivo Sanader, in order for MOL to gain control rights over the Croatian 
oil and gas company, INA. Accusations were based on the testimony of Croatian businessman, Mr Robert 
Ježić.  
In a separate proceeding the Croatian prosecution charged Dr Sanader with the offence of receiving a bribe 
and the court of first instance found him guilty in 2012, this verdict was confirmed by the Croatian Supreme 
Court in its final decision in mid-2014. However, in mid-2015, the Croatian Constitutional Court unanimously 
delivered a decision that quashed the first and second instance convictions and remanded the case to the first 
instance court for retrial by confirming that there were serious procedural deficiencies in the criminal 
proceedings.  
The prosecution filed an indictment against Mr. Hernádi with the Zagreb County Court, in his absence, in 
March 2014 whereupon the court decided at the end of 2015 to merge this case with the restarted trial against 
the former Croatian Prime Minister, Dr Sanader. Following several suspensions the joint trial continued during 
2019. In 2019, the Zagreb County Court issued its first instance judgment finding Mr. Hernádi and Dr Sanader 
guilty of engaging in bribery. On 25 October 2021, the Croatian Supreme Court affirmed the convictions and 
the Constitutional Court has also rejected Dr. Sanader’s constitutional complaint in April 2023.  
In response to the serious injustices Mr. Hernádi submitted a complaint to the European Court of Human Rights 
(ECHR). The present proceedings are considered to involve even more violations of rights by failing to meet 
even the minimum requirements for a fair trial and as a result MOL considers it highly likely that the new 
ruling will fail to stand up to ECHR review. As stated by the independent monitors of the proceedings (Judge 
Professor Dr. c.c. Kai Ambos and Lord Anderson of Ipswich KBE QC) in an interim report: “We consider that 
USKOK’s conduct of the prosecution and the Trial Chamber’s conduct […] of the proceedings fall short of 
internationally recognised fair trial standards in a number of respects. […] We consider that the errors 
detailed [in the interim report] of the prosecution and Trial Chamber are remarkable, and of crucial 
significance for the fairness of proceedings.” This view is also supported by the 2018 decision of the Budapest 
Court of Justice, which found a risk of violation of the right to a fair trial and of the impartial assessment of 
the case in Croatia. 
Before the trials took place in Croatia, a request from Croatia was sent to the Hungarian Attorney General’s 
Office for the interrogation of Mr. Hernádi as a suspect. The Attorney General refused that request but did 
initiate a domestic investigation into the allegations, which was undertaken by the Central Office of 
Investigation within his organisation. On 20 January 2012 that agency concluded, after conducting a thorough 
investigation, that there was no evidence that either Mr. Hernádi or MOL had been involved in an agreement 
to bribe Dr Sanader. 
On 23 August 2018 the Metropolitan Court of Budapest, after a ruling made in 2013, refusing extradition, once 
again refused the extradition of Mr. Hernádi to Croatia. The primary reason for the non-execution of the 
Croatian arrest warrant is that “[I]t can be established that in the case of his extradition, the accused person’s 
rights to a fair trial would be violated and the impartial adjudication of the case could not be ensured.” 
Mr. Hernádi was also named as a defendant in a private prosecution in Hungary. The factual components of 
the private prosecution were mainly based upon allegations of the Croatian state prosecution. However, in 
December 2014, the Court of Appeals in Budapest ruled on the private prosecutor’s indictment against the 
Chairman-CEO by terminating the procedure on all charges in a non-appealable decision. Accordingly, the 
prosecution in Hungary against Mr. Hernádi has been fully dismissed with this 2014 ruling.

--- Page 188 ---
188 
 
 
On 5 July 2022, the ICSID decided that Croatia’s bribery related allegations are unfounded. The three-member 
council unanimously rejected Croatia’s objection that the 2009 agreements were a result of criminal conduct. 
Similarly to the UNCITRAL Tribunal in 2016, this international judicial forum also characterised the crown 
witness in the Croatian criminal proceedings as weak and full of contradictions. Furthermore, the court 
expressed strong doubts about the truthfulness and reliability both in the arbitral and criminal proceedings in 
Zagreb. The award marks the end of a lengthy international legal dispute. Other than in Croatia, all courts and 
prosecution offices have come to the same conclusion that no corruption had taken place with respect to MOL’s 
investment in INA. 
Concessions (INA Group) 
On 29 July 2011 the Ministry of Economy, Labour and Entrepreneurship of the Republic of Croatia (the 
Ministry) rendered three decisions depriving INA of the licence to explore hydrocarbons in the exploration 
areas “Sava”, “Drava” and “North-West Croatia”.  
On 29 August 2011, INA filed three administrative lawsuits against the Ministry’s decisions. The Croatian 
Administrative Court annulled the Ministry’s decisions. 
On 10 November 2014 and 20 February 2015 the Ministry adopted new decisions in which it again deprived 
INA of the licence to explore hydrocarbons in the exploration areas “Sava”, “North-West Croatia” and 
“Drava”, with the same explanations. INA filed lawsuits against new Ministry decisions regarding exploration 
areas “Sava”, “Drava” and “North-West Croatia”.  
In November 2016 the Administrative Court reached a decision and rejected INA’s claim in the case regarding 
exploration area “Drava”. INA filed an appeal against that decision in December 2016.  
On 8 September 2017 INA received the judgment brought by the High Administrative Court, rejecting INA’s 
appeal against the first instance verdict in the “Drava” case. Thus, the decision on seizure of hydrocarbon 
exploration approvals in the “Drava” research area became final.  
On 6 October 2017 INA filed a constitutional lawsuit before the Constitutional Court of the Republic of Croatia 
against judgments brought by the High Administrative Court and Administrative Court of the Republic of 
Croatia in the “Drava” case. In its request, INA asked the Constitutional Court to annul all of these judgments. 
The Constitutional Court rejected INA’s claim. The court also reached a decision regarding exploration area 
“North-West Croatia”. The Administrative Court further rejected INA’s claim. INA filled an appeal which 
was also rejected by the High Administrative Court, therefore the decision on seizure of hydrocarbon 
exploration approvals in the “North West Croatia” research area, became final. 
INA filed a constitutional lawsuit before the Constitutional Court of the Republic of Croatia requesting that 
the Court annuls all of the above mentioned judgments. The Constitutional Court rejected INA’s claim. 
On 12 July 2018, INA received a decision from the High Administrative Court cancelling the previous decision 
of the Administrative Court and the Ministry of Economy’s decision regarding the “Sava” exploration licence 
and has returned the case for retrial. In reassessment proceedings Administrative Court reached a decision and 
rejected INA’s claim. INA has filed an appeal against the first instance verdict which was rejected by the High 
Administrative Court. 
In November 2021 INA filed a lawsuit before the Constitutional Court of the Republic of Croatia, which case 
is still in progress. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, INA is not entitled to operate the “Sava”, “North-West Croatia” and 
“Drava” exploration areas based on the contested licences. However, new public tenders were held in 2016 
and 2020 under which parts of these exploration areas were awarded to INA (amongst others) to perform

--- Page 189 ---
189 
 
 
exploration activities. The terms under which INA currently operates at these exploration areas are different 
from the terms of its initial operations due to changes in the applicable legislation. 
Belvedere 
In July 2017 INA received a lawsuit from Belvedere d.d. Dubrovnik (Belvedere) with a claim amounting to 
HRK 220 million. The claim relates to a loan provided by INA in 2005 to Belvedere as the former owner of 
the hotel “Belvedere” in Dubrovnik. Since Belvedere has not repaid the loan, enforcement procedures were 
initiated in 2012, and the hotel was sold to the highest bidder on a public auction. Belvedere now claims that 
the hotel was sold below its market value and also claims damage to its reputation and loss of profit. The case 
was interrupted until resolution of case INA No. 018-11/07 which represents a preliminary issue for resolving 
this case. Since in the case INA No. 018-11/07 a final decision was reached in favour of INA, this case shall 
now proceed. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, MOL cannot predict the outcome of this procedure. However, during 
the procedure three independent court experts appointed by the court to examine the auction price have 
concluded that the damages claimed by Belvedere seem to be too high considering the relevant market prices.  
MOL and INA vs. Federation of the Bosnia and Herzegovina (FBIH) 
MOL and INA initiated arbitration against FBIH in 2012, in front of the International Court of Arbitration in 
Zurich. The case was in abeyance until November 2019. 
On 13 April 2022, the ICC Tribunal has rendered its partial award by which the Tribunal has dismissed FBIH’s 
counterclaim in its entirety (all of their claims have been dismissed) and MOL/INA claim has been partially 
accepted as regards its merits, while the amount of damages was postponed to be decided in the second phase 
of the arbitration. The Tribunal provided a clear direction for the second phase of the arbitration and in 
establishing that FBIH needs to reimburse ENERGOPETROL. Given the clear direction FBIH and MOL/INA 
entered into negotiations for a possible amicable resolution of the dispute and in order to avoid the high 
litigation costs expected in the second phase of the arbitration. All outstanding disputed questions have been 
agreed upon by the parties, and the settlement agreement has been signed. 
INTEGRATED CORPORATE RISK MANAGEMENT 
The aim of the Group’s risk management function is to keep the risks associated with the Group’s operation 
within acceptable levels as well as to support the resilience and sustainability of the Group. 
For this purpose, as an integral part of the corporate governance structure, MOL operates a comprehensive 
enterprise risk management (ERM) system which focuses on the organisation’s value creation process, 
meaning factors critical to the success and threats related to the achievement of objectives but also occurrence 
of risk events causing potential impact to people, assets, environment or reputation. Within the ERM processes 
all significant risks throughout the whole Group, covering all business and functional units, geographies as 
well as projects, are identified, assessed, evaluated and treated, considering all time horizons. 
In order to ensure an effective risk management, risks are being managed (assess, evaluate, treat) as a first line 
of defence, by risk owners, who are managers responsible for operating the respective areas including 
supervising the existing mitigation and the implementation of new mitigation actions in their organisations. 
Group level business and functional units, specialised risk management functions and the Group risk 
management department provide oversight. The Chief Executives Committee, the Board of Directors and the 
Supervisory Board through their specialised committees provide supervision and assurance on the 
effectiveness of the Group level application of the risk management framework.  
Regular risk reporting to top management provides oversight on the risks of the Group and assurance that 
responses, controls, and appropriate mitigation actions are updated and followed.

--- Page 190 ---
190 
 
 
ERM integrates strategic, operational and financial risks: 
• 
Strategic risks comprise the long-term strategic objectives of the organisation, contain key challenges 
that are crucial for the organisation to deliver its long-term strategy and ensure sustainability and 
development.  
• 
Operational risks comprise day-to-day issues that the organisation is confronted with as it works to 
deliver its objectives. These are risks resulting from breakdowns of physical assets, in internal 
procedures, people and systems. It includes besides physical asset safety and machinery breakdown 
risk, crude oil supply, cyber security, HSE, compliance risk and any other risks. 
• 
Financial risks concern the effective management of the exposure towards financial and financing 
markets and (credit) exposure towards external partners. This includes foreign exchange, commodity 
price and interest rate risk as well as counterparty (credit) risk.  
ERM risk analysis are carried out regularly (at least once per year) which permits the Group to manage key 
risks that may prevent the Group from achieving its objectives and therefore may require attention or decisions 
by management. 
Several specialised risk functions have been operating in the Group (including for example HSE, Security, 
Compliance and Legal, CyberSec, Regulatory, Project Risk Mgmt., Procurement, HR, Operational Risk 
Mgmt./Process Safety Management, Credit Risk Mgmt., Insurance, Financial Risk Mgmt.) to manage and keep 
the risks of the Group within acceptable levels within their risk management tools, systems. 
The main risk management tools, include but are not limited to, the following: 
Financial risk management: this is centralised and focuses on commodity market price risks, currency risks, 
interest rate risks, liquidity risks, financial covenant requirements such as net debt to EBITDA ratio and 
financial rating. The Group assesses short-term, market related risks and helps to monitor the profitability and 
the financial stability of the Group. Commodity price, foreign exchange and interest rate risks are managed, if 
necessary, with risk mitigation tools (such as financial derivatives or other financial measures). As a listed oil 
and gas company, the Group’s hedging policy provides for the general acceptance of commodity price risks 
and manages the foreign currency and interest rate risks to maintain adequate levels of liquidity, financial 
covenants and rating. The Group has in place a process to monitor, initiate and execute hedging for exposures 
which are outside of the ordinary course business, with the aim to manage these risks within the relevant limits 
and to confirm certain price levels. All hedging execution is centralised and hedge positions are considered 
from a Group perspective. 
Credit risk management: the Group supplies products and services to a diverse customer portfolio, both from 
a business segment and geographical perspective and faces credit risk in cases of non-prompt payment by its 
customers. This risk is managed by policies and procedures as well as a network of credit experts working in 
the countries in which the Group operates, performing proper evaluations of customers and collaterals received 
in respect of any obligations to the Group, monitoring of payments and blocking orders in case of non-
payments. Individual credit limits are calculated and defined after external and internal assessment of 
customers. Information on existing and possible customers is gathered from well-known and reliable credit 
agencies. The Group uses credit insurance services to transfer part of the customer credit risk within its 
portfolio and where considered necessary requires deposits, bank guarantees, letters of credit or liens as 
security. 
Insurance: in order to protect the business, assets and employees of the Group, MOL procures insurance 
coverage in line with industry practice for the relevant type of business/operation, such as property damage, 
business interruption, liability and control of well insurance, as well as different types of personal insurances. 
The Group also maintains loss of production income insurance for certain upstream assets and other insurance 
which are necessary due to legal, regulatory or contractual requirements. The majority of the insurance

--- Page 191 ---
191 
 
 
programmes are renewed annually, and these are contracted with reputable insurance companies with a 
minimum credit rating of A-. 
Business continuity: focusing on low probability high potential risks that could disrupt the Group’s 
operations, value chain and cash generation, MOL Group has implemented and is currently working to 
integrate a crisis management and business continuity programme in order to reduce recovery times within 
tolerable limits for processes critical to the Group’s business. 
Project investment risks and capital allocation: as a capital expenditure heavy industry, both for organic as 
well as non-organic capital expenditure projects, the Group operates a stage gating process where each project 
can be initiated when having its own dedicated risk register which is used regularly by the project team to 
monitor and manage the risks. All investment project proposals must contain risk-reward information and a 
list of risk and mitigation actions implemented or proposed. From a capital allocation perspective, to make 
sure each capital expenditure project investment decision is taken to properly remunerate the capital invested, 
project economics are evaluated by a dedicated department using the weighted average cost of capital and 
discounted cash flows methods and also the projects, internal rate of returns are evaluated for baseline and also 
adverse economic scenarios. 
The areas in which ESG risks are addressed and considered include (but are not limited to): climate change, 
human capital, physical asset and process safety and equipment breakdown risk, cyber risk, fraud risk, 
pandemic risk, regulatory and sanctions risk. 
The Russian – Ukraine conflict has contributed to the increase of several risks of the Group: 
• 
Supply-related risks: in order to mitigate oil-supply risk, the Group has developed its crude 
diversification strategy; alternative crude slate was identified, and relevant capital expenditure projects 
were identified and started. Supply chain difficulties may also have an impact on several materials and 
inputs to the Groups processes, which is mitigated by stock, supply chain and supplier management 
actions. 
• 
Regulatory and sanctions risks: the Group has been continuously and closely monitoring the 
sanctions imposed against Russia as well as countersanctions and has strengthened its compliance 
processes. With the energy crisis in several countries where the Group operates price caps and extra 
taxes were introduced which had a material financial impact on the Group. 
• 
Inflation risks, rising energy and raw material prices: the Group faced elevated inflation risks, 
which have been mitigated with active market intelligence, conscious stock management and 
contracting strategy. 
Climate Change Risks 
Climate change related risks, including transitional as well as physical risks are covered within the ERM risk 
management framework. Analysis is prepared both with mid and long term time horizons. The MOL Group’s 
ESG risk management activity is evaluated by several ESG ratings (including MSCI, CDP, Sustainalytics) 
which show the high performance based on industry benchmarks.  
Climate-related aspects are also part of corporate processes: the MOL Group measures the carbon footprint of 
its products and ESG indicators are part of the management remuneration scheme (e.g. TRIR, CO2, and other 
relevant strategic objectives). The MOL Group also includes CO2 emission estimates in its project planning 
and approval documentation. In parallel, a monitoring system has been operated to register and forecast 
project-related CO2 emissions.

--- Page 192 ---
192 
 
 
CORPORATE AND SHAREHOLDER INFORMATION 
MOL’s Articles of Association currently in force were last modified on 18 May 2023. 
As of 31 December 2022, the issued share capital of MOL was HUF 102,429 million, consisting of 
819,424,824 series “A” shares with par value of HUF 125, one series “B” share with par value of HUF 1,000 
and 578 series “C” shares with par value of HUF 1,001. Outstanding share capital as of 31 December 2022 
and 31 December 2021 is 79,013 HUF million and HUF 78,163 million, respectively. 
Every “A” class share with a par value of HUF 125 each (i.e. one hundred and twenty-five forint) entitles the 
holder thereof to have one vote and every “C” class share with a par value of 1,001 each (i.e. one thousand 
one forint) entitles the holder to have eight and eight thousandth vote, with the following exceptions. Based 
on the Articles of Association, no shareholder or shareholder group may exercise more than 10 per cent. of the 
voting rights with the exception of organisation(s) acting at the MOL’s request as depository or custodian for 
MOL’s shares or securities representing the MOL’s shares.  
Series “B” shares are voting preference shares with a par value of HUF 1,000 that entitles the holder thereof 
to preferential rights as specified in the Articles of Association. The “B” series share is owned by MNV Zrt. 
exercising ownership rights on behalf of the Hungarian State. The “B” series share entitles its holder to eight 
votes in accordance with its nominal value. The supporting vote of the holder of “B” series of share is required 
to adopt decisions in the following matters pursuant to Article 12.4. of the Articles of Association: decision on 
amending the articles regarding the B series shares, the definition of voting rights and shareholder group, list 
of issues requiring supermajority at the general meeting as well as Article 12.4. itself; further, the “yes” vote 
of the holder of “B” series of shares is required to adopt decisions on any proposal not supported by the Board 
of Directors in the following matters: election and dismissal of the members of the Board of Directors, the 
Supervisory Board and the auditors, decision of distribution of profit after-taxation and amending of certain 
provisions of the Articles of Association. 
Based on the authorisation granted in the Article 17.D of the Articles of Association the Board of Directors is 
entitled to increase the share capital until 10 April 2024 in one or more instalments by not more than HUF 30 
billion in any form and method provided by the Civil Code. 
Ownership Structure of MOL  
 
 
As at 30 June 2023 
As at 31 December 2022 
As at 31 December 2021 
 
Par value 
of shares 
(HUF th) 
% 
Par value of 
shares 
(HUF th) 
% 
Par value of 
shares 
(HUF th) 
% 
Foreign investors  
(mainly institutional) 
31,392,401 
30.65 
31,973,758 
31.22 
27,662,125  
27.01 
Hungarian State  
1 
0.00 
1 
0.00 
1 
0.00 
MOL 
New 
Europe 
Foundation 
10,744,499 
10.49 
10,744,499 
10.49 
10,744,499 
10.49 
Maecenas Corvini Fundation 
10,242,868 
10.00 
10,242,868 
10.00 
10,242,868 
10.00 
Mathias Corvinus Collegium 
Fundation 
10,242,868 
10.00 
10,242,868 
10.00 
10,242,868 
10.00 
MOL 
Plc. 
SESOP 
Organisation* 
8,142,472 
7.95 
8,142,472 
7.95 
0 
0.00 
OmanOil 
(Budapest) 
Limited* 
0 
0.00 
0 
0.00 
7,316,294 
7.14 
OTP Bank Plc. 
5,011,704 
4.89 
5,014,153 
4.90 
5,014,702 
4.90 
OTP Fund Management  
318,183 
0.31 
267,651 
0.26 
1,370,088 
1.34 
ING Bank N.V. 
3,865,884 
3.77 
4,285,132 
4.18 
4,589,992 
4.48 
UniCredit Bank AG 
3,842,796 
3.75 
4,305,819 
4.20 
3,446,793 
3.37 
Commerzbank AG 
0 
0.00 
0 
0.00 
1,230,578 
1.20

--- Page 193 ---
193 
 
 
Domestic 
institutional 
investors  
9,048,637 
8.83 
9,206,353 
8.99 
10,791,049 
10.54 
Domestic private investors  
6,053,249 
5.91 
5,436,497 
5.31 
7,133,784 
6.96 
MOL Plc (treasury shares) 
3,523,121 
3.44 
2,566,612 
2.51 
2,643,041  
2.58 
Total 
102,428,683 
100.00  
102,428,683 
100.00 
102,428,683 
100.00 
*On 27 January 2022 Oman Oil (Budapest) Limited sold a total of 58,530,352 “A” Series MOL ordinary shares (“MOL Shares”) to 
MOL Plc. Special Employee Share Ownership Program (“SESOP”) Organisation 2021-1 and MOL Plc. SESOP Organisation 2021-2. 
At the same day based on the authorization of the Extraordinary General Meeting of the Company held on 22 December 2021 MOL 
sold 3,304,712 MOL Shares to MOL Plc. SESOP Organisation 2021-1 and 3,304,712 pieces of MOL Shares to MOL Plc. SESOP 
Organisation 2021-2. As a result of the above transaction the combined number of voting rights of MOL Plc. SESOP Organisation 
2021-1 and MOL Plc. SESOP Organisation 2021-2 in MOL increased from 0 vote to 65,139,776 votes and the proportion of voting 
rights increased from 0 per cent. to 7.95 per cent. 
Please note, that the data above does not fully reflect the ownership structure in MOL’s share register (Share 
Register), as registration in the Share Register is not mandatory in in line with Article 3:246. (1) of the Civil 
Code. The data above is based on the applications received requesting registration of the shares and the 
published shareholders notifications. For shareholders to exercise their rights as shareholders of MOL, they 
must be registered in the Share Register. According to the Articles of Association no shareholder or 
shareholder group may exercise more than 10 per cent. of the voting rights in MOL. 
To the knowledge of MOL, none of its shareholders have entered into a shareholders’ agreement in relation to 
their shareholdings in MOL. The shareholders (including the shareholder of the series “B” share, MNV Zrt. 
(Hungarian National Asset Management Inc.) acting on behalf of the Hungarian State) are entitled to use their 
rights as shareholders of MOL in accordance with applicable law, the Articles of Association and the rules of 
the Budapest and Warsaw Stock Exchanges (where the shares of MOL are listed). 
Shareholding of the Hungarian State  
The Hungarian State owns the series “B” share which entitles its holder (MNV Zrt., the Hungarian National 
Asset Management Inc.) to preferential rights as specified in the current Articles of Association. These rights 
include the following: the supporting vote of the holder of the series “B” share is required to adopt, among 
other things, decisions on amending the Articles of Association regarding the series “B” share, the definition 
of voting rights and shareholder group and a list of issues requiring a supermajority at the General Meeting. 
Furthermore, the “yes” vote of the holder of the series “B” share is required to adopt decisions on any proposal 
not supported by the Board of Directors in the following matters: election and dismissal of the members of the 
Board of Directors, the Supervisory Board and the auditors, decisions relating to distributions of profit after 
taxation and amending of certain provisions of the Articles of Association.

--- Page 194 ---
194 
 
 
MANAGEMENT AND EMPLOYEES 
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND MANAGEMENT 
The MOL Group has always been and remains committed to implementing the highest standards of corporate 
governance structures and practices. This is not only with regard to expectations in Hungary but also with 
reference to the continually evolving and improving standards of good governance on an international level. 
As a result, the MOL Group is geared towards shareholders’ interests, whilst taking into account the interests 
of a broader group of stakeholders inevitably necessary to enhance the creation of exceptional value for MOL’s 
shareholders and society. 
MOL submits its declaration on corporate governance (the Corporate Governance Declaration) to the 
Budapest Stock Exchange every year and reviews its compliance with the recommendation of the Warsaw 
Stock Exchange. The Corporate Governance Declaration describes the corporate governance framework of the 
whole Group, defining the roles and responsibilities of its highest decision-making forums. The corporate 
governance practice presented in the Corporate Governance Declaration meets the requirements of the 
regulations of the Budapest Stock Exchange and the relevant capital markets regulations to which MOL is 
subject. MOL also regularly reviews its policies to ensure that they take account of continually evolving 
international best practice in this area. The Corporate Governance Declaration is published on MOL’s website 
each year. 
Board of Directors of MOL 
MOL’s Board of Directors (the Board) acts as its highest managing body and as such has collective 
responsibility for all corporate operations.  
The Boards’ key activities are focused on achieving increasing shareholder value while considering other 
stakeholders’ interest; improving efficiency and profitability and ensuring transparency in corporate activities 
and sustainable operation. It also aims to ensure appropriate risk management, environmental protection and 
conditions for safety at work. 
Given that MOL and its subsidiaries effectively operate as a single economic unit, the Board is also responsible 
for enforcing its aims and policies and for promoting MOL’s culture throughout the entire Group, including 
MGF. The members of the Board of Directors may also be members of the Board of Directors in subsidiaries 
or affiliates of MOL with main business activity identical to that of the MOL without explicit approval of the 
general meeting. 
The principles, policies and goals take account of the Board of Directors’ specific and unique relationship with 
MOL’s shareholders, the executive management and MOL. The composition of the Board reflects this with 
the majority (seven out of eleven members) made up of non-executive directors. At present, seven members 
of the Board of Directors qualify as independent on the basis of its own set of criteria (based on NYSE and 
EU recommendations) and the declaration of the directors.  
The business address of each member of MOL’s Board of Directors is Dombóvári út 28., 1117 Budapest, 
Hungary. 
In the table below the members of the Board of Directors are listed and their independence status given as in 
2022:  
 
Name 
Status 
Mandate 
Zsolt Hernádi, Chairman 
non-independent 
Elected by the General Meeting to be member 
of the Board of Directors from 24 February 
1999

--- Page 195 ---
195 
 
 
Name 
Status 
Mandate 
Dr. Sándor Csányi, Deputy 
Chairman 
independent 
Elected by the General Meeting to be member 
of the Board of Directors from 20 October 
2000 
Zsigmond Járai  
independent 
Elected by the General Meeting to be member 
of the Board of Directors from 29 April 2010 
Dr. János Martonyi 
independent 
Elected by the General Meeting to be member 
of the Board of Directors from 1 July 2014 
József Molnár 
non-independent 
Elected by the General Meeting to be member 
of the Board of Directors from 12 October 
2007 
Dr. László Parragh  
independent 
Elected by the General Meeting to be member 
of the Board of Directors from 29 April 2010 
Dr. Anthony Radev 
independent 
Elected by the General Meeting to be member 
of the Board of Directors from 30 April 2014 
Dr. Martin Roman 
independent 
Elected by the General Meeting to be member 
of the Board of Directors from 29 April 2010 
Talal Al-Awfi 
independent 
Elected by the General Meeting to be member 
of the Board of Directors from 30 April 2019  
Dr. Oszkár Világi 
non-independent 
Elected by the General Meeting to be member 
of the Board of Directors from 1 May 2011 
Dr. Gyögy Bacsa 
non-independent 
Elected by the General Meeting to be member 
of the Board of Directors from 23 December 
2021 
The directors confirm that there is no conflict of interest between their duties as director of the Guarantor and 
their principal and/or other outside activities. 
Committees of the Board of Directors 
The Board of Directors operates committees (the Committees) to increase the efficiency of its operation and 
to provide the appropriate professional background for decision making. 
Currently there are three standing Committees: 
• 
Corporate Governance and Remuneration Committee; 
• 
Finance and Risk Management Committee; and 
• 
Sustainable Development Committee. 
The scope of responsibilities of the Committees operated by the Board of Directors is primarily defined in 
their respective charters. The Board is responsible for appointing Committee members. The majority of the 
Committee members consist of non-executive and independent members. 
Relationship between the Board and MOL Group organisations  
The Group’s governance is carried out in line with standardised corporate governance principles and practice. 
From 1 February 2019, as a result of the standardised corporate governance practice, tasks related to the 
operation of MOL, and certain responsibilities and tasks of strategic importance to MOL’s operations are 
divided between two top management committees, the Chief Executives Committee (CEC) and the 
Management Committee (MC).

--- Page 196 ---
196 
 
 
Control and management of MOL Group is implemented through business and functional organisations. To 
enhance corporate governance the MC provides a direct link between the CEC and MOL’s work organisation, 
and the majority of the topics discussed by the MC are related to the core operation of MOL. The Chairman 
of the MC is the Group Chief Executive Officer, its members are the Group Chief Financial Officer, the Group 
Downstream Executive Vice President, the Group Exploration & Production Executive Vice President, the 
Group Consumer Services Executive Vice President, the Chief Executive Officer of Slovnaft, a.s., the 
President of INA d.d.’s Management Board, the MOL Chief Operating Officer, the Group Human Resources 
Vice President, the Group Strategic Operations and Corporate Development Executive Vice President and the 
Group Industrial & Corporate Services Vice President. 
The CEC, being the regular forum of the three top level leaders of MOL, was established with the aim of 
adopting strategic decisions which are not within the competency of the Board of Directors or the General 
Meeting. The CEC examines and supervises matters to be submitted to the Board of Directors, and provides a 
preliminary opinion on certain proposals submitted to the Board of Directors. The Chairman of the CEC is the 
Chairman-CEO, its members are the Group Chief Executive Officer and the Deputy Chief Executive Officer.  
Additionally, the CEC and the MC operate as decision-making bodies in relation to all questions delegated to 
their competence by internal regulations and which do not belong in the capacities of the Board of Directors 
or the General Meeting in accordance with the laws and the Articles of Association.  
Each member of the MC and the CEC shall have one vote and decisions of the forums are passed with a simple 
majority of the votes.  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the CEC members are: 
 
Zsolt Hernádi 
Chairman-CEO (C-CEO)  
József Molnár  
Group Chief Executive Officer (GCEO)  
Dr. Oszkár Világi 
Deputy Chief Executive Officer (DCEO); C-CEO, SLOVNAFT, a.s. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the MC members are: 
 
József Molnár  
Group Chief Executive Officer (GCEO)  
Lana Faust Križan 
Group Human Resources Vice President  
Péter Labancz 
Industrial and Corporate Services Vice President 
Zsuzsanna Ortutay 
President of the INA Management Board 
Zsombor Marton  
Group Exploration & Production Executive Vice President 
Péter Ratatics  
Group Consumer Services Executive Vice President, MOL Hungary 
Managing Director until 12 October 2022 
Marek Senkovič 
CEO of SLOVNAFT, a.s.  
József Simola  
Group Chief Financial Officer (GCFO)  
Gabriel Szabó 
Group Downstream Executive Vice President

--- Page 197 ---
197 
 
 
Dr. György Bacsa 
Group Strategic Operations and Corporate Development Executive Vice 
President, MOL Hungary Managing Director (COO) since 13 October 2022 
The members of the CEC and MC confirm that there is no conflict of interest between their duties as members 
of the CEC and MC of MOL and their principal and/or other outside activities. 
Supervisory Board of MOL 
The Supervisory Board is responsible for monitoring and supervising the Board of Directors on behalf of the 
shareholders (all those entitled to attend and vote at a General Meeting). Members of the Supervisory Board 
are elected by a General Meeting for a definite period, but for a maximum of five years. As at the date of this 
Base Prospectus, the Supervisory Board consists of twelve members. In accordance with the Civil Code, one-
third of the members shall be representatives of the employees; accordingly, currently four members of MOL’s 
Supervisory Board are employee representatives with the other eight external persons appointed by the 
shareholders. 
The business address of each member of MOL’s Supervisory Board is Dombóvári út 28., 1117 Budapest, 
Hungary. 
The members of the Supervisory Board and their independence status are as follows: 
 
Zoltán Áldott, Chairman  
non-independent 
Dr. Anett Pandurics, Deputy Chairperson, 
Chairperson of the Audit Committee 
independent 
Péter Bíró 
independent 
Dr. Lajos Dorkota 
independent 
Norbert Izer 
independent 
Dr. Péter Kaderják 
independent 
Dr. András Lánczi  
independent 
Ivan Mikloš  
independent  
Bálint Péter Kis 
non-independent (employee representative) 
Dr. Sándor Puskás 
non-independent (employee representative) 
Kálmán Serfőző 
non-independent (employee representative) 
András Tóth  
non-independent (employee representative) 
 
 
The Chairman of the Supervisory Board is a permanent invitee to the meetings of the Board of Directors; the 
Finance and Risk Management Committee and the Sustainable Development Committee. Regular agenda 
points of the Supervisory Board include the quarterly report of the Board of Directors on MOL’s operations

--- Page 198 ---
198 
 
 
and the reports of the Internal Audit and Corporate Security departments, furthermore it is informed on other 
relevant topics. In addition, the Supervisory Board reviews the proposals for the Annual General Meeting. The 
Supervisory Board reviews its annual activity during the year. 
The members of the Supervisory Board confirm that there is no conflict of interest between their duties as 
members of the Supervisory Board of MOL and their principal and/or other outside activities.  
Audit Committee of MOL 
The Audit Committee continuously monitors the Group’s financial position and reviews the materials of the 
Annual General Meeting (i.e. financial reports, statements of the auditor). The Audit Committee participates 
in the procedure of selecting an auditor and made a recommendation to the Supervisory Board regarding the 
appointment of the auditor. The Audit Committee strengthens the independent control over the financial and 
accounting policy of the Group by providing assistance to the Supervisory Board in supervising the financial 
report regime, in selecting an auditor and in working with the auditor, reviewing and monitoring the 
independence of the statutory auditor, monitoring the effectiveness of the Group’s internal audit and risk 
management systems and make recommendations if necessary; and carrying out the tasks of the audit 
committees of its subsidiaries which are consolidated by the Group, operate as public limited companies or 
issue securities admitted to trading on regulated market, if the relevant laws allow that and the subsidiary in 
question does not operate a separate audit committee. 
The general meeting appointed the Audit Committee comprised of the following independent members of the 
Supervisory Board: Dr. Anett Pandurics (Chairperson), Norbert Izer, Ivan Mikloš and Péter Bíró. 
The members of the Audit Committee confirm that there is no conflict of interest between their duties as 
members of the Audit Committee of MOL and their principal and/or other outside activities.  
Board of Directors  
Mr. Zsolt Hernádi 
Between 1989 and 1994 Mr. Hernádi occupied various posts at the Kereskedelmi és Hitelbank Plc. and 
between 1992 and 1994 he was its Deputy General Manager. Mr. Hernádi was Chief Executive Officer of the 
Central Bank of Hungarian Savings Cooperatives between 1994 and 2001 and member of its Board of 
Directors between 1994 and 2002. Between 1995 and 2001, Mr. Hernádi was a Board member of the 
Hungarian Banking Association. Since 2001, he is member of the European Round Table of Industrialists. 
Since 2007 he has become honorary citizen of Esztergom, and since September, 2009 he has become the 
honorary citizen of the Corvinus University of Budapest. In 2010 he was honoured with the Hungarian Order 
of Merit – Commander with Star Award. Since March, 2016 he has become honorary citizen of 
Százhalombatta. In 2017 he was appointed as a member of the National Competitiveness Council. In 2018 he 
received the Titular University Professor title from Corvinus University of Budapest. In 2019, he became an 
honorary citizen of Miskolc and was elected Chairman of the Board of Trustees of the Maecenas Universitatis 
Corvini Foundation, the controlling entity of Corvinus University of Budapest. 
Dr. Sándor Csányi 
Specialising in finance at university, where he also took a doctorate, he later became a chartered accountant 
and his first job was at the Ministry of Finance. He also worked for the Ministry of Food and Agriculture and 
at the Hungarian Credit Bank. From 1989 to 1992, he was Deputy Chief Executive Officer of the Commercial 
& Credit Bank (K&H), and since 1992, he has been the Chairman and & Chief Executive Officer of OTP Bank 
Plc. On 15 April 2016, the annual shareholders meeting re-elected him for another five-year term as Chairman 
and Chief Executive Officer of OTP Bank Plc. He is Co-Chairman of the National Association of 
Entrepreneurs and Employers (VOSZ). He is a member of the Institut International d’ Études Bancaires. In 
January 2012, he was elected the Co-Chairman of the Chinese-Hungarian Business Council. Since July 2010,

--- Page 199 ---
199 
 
 
he is the President of the Hungarian Football Federation. Since March 2015, he has been a member of UEFA’s 
Executive Committee. Since April 2017 he has been a member of FIFA’s Council. In February 2018 he was 
elected Vice President of FIFA and in February 2019 Vice President of UEFA. 
Mr. Talal Al-Awfi 
 Mr. Talal Al-Awfi studied Business and Finance (BSc) in addition to his Master’s Degree in Marketing (MSc) 
from Salford University, United Kingdom. He has over 20 years of experience in oil, gas and petrochemical 
marketing and trading. He has held several key positions in both the government and private sectors, and is 
currently the Group CEO of OQ. He has been an active Board member of several companies covering diverse 
fields in the oil industry in the past and present. 
Mr. Zsigmond Járai  
Mr. Járai has been working as a financial expert for many years. He has held various managerial positions in 
commercial banks both in Hungary and abroad. He was serving as Chairman of Budapest Stock Exchange 
from 1996 to 1998. Between 1998 and 2000, he held the position of the Minister of Finance, and subsequently 
became the Chairman of the National Bank of Hungary from 2001 until 2007. As the founder of CIG Pannonia 
Life Insurance Ltd. in 2007, he was the Chairman of the Supervisory Board between 2007 and 2013. Since 
2010, he has also been the Chairman of the Supervisory Board of the National Bank of Hungary. 
Dr. János Martonyi 
Prof János Martonyi finished his second term as Minister for Foreign Affairs of Hungary in 2014. From 1999 
to 2009 he was a Professor and Head of the Institute for Private International Law and International Trade Law 
at the University of Szeged. Between 1994 and 1998 he was teaching at the College of Europe in Brugge and 
Natolin and the Central European University (Budapest). From 1994 to 1998 as well as from 2002 to 2009 he 
was managing partner at the law firm Baker & McKenzie, Budapest. He was government commissioner in 
charge of privatisation in 1989-1990; he served as State Secretary in the Ministry of International Economic 
Relations in 1990-1991, as State Secretary at the Ministry of Foreign Affairs in 1991-1994 and Foreign 
Minister in 1998-2002. 
He is a member of the European Academy of Sciences and Arts, he is an international arbitrator and member 
of the Panel of Arbitrators of ICSID (International Centre for Settlement of Investment Disputes), and author 
of numerous studies, articles and essays in the field of international trade law, competition policy and law, 
European integration and international politics. 
Mr. József Molnár 
From 1978 to 2001, Mr. Molnár held various management positions at BorsodChem Plc., including Head of 
the Pricing Department from 1982 to 1987 and Head of the Controlling Department from 1987 to 1991. 
Between 1991 and 2001, as Chief Financial Officer and first deputy to the Chief Executive Officer, he 
contributed to the crisis management and reorganisation of the company, and later to creating the company’s 
vision and fulfilling its subsequent privatisation. He played a key role in the stock exchange listing of 
BorsodChem shares. He was Chief Executive Officer of TVK between 2001 and 2003, Group Planning & 
Controlling Director from 2003, and from 2004 until his appointment as Group Chief Executive Officer in 
May 2011, he was Group Chief Financial Officer of MOL. Within MOL Group, he was a board member of 
SLOVNAFT a.s. between 2004 and 2008, and board member of TVK between 2001 and 2011. 
Dr. László Parragh  
Since 1989, Dr. László Parragh has been the Chairman of Parragh Trade and Holding Ltd and, since 1993, he 
has also been a member of the Presidium of the Confederation of Hungarian Employers and Industrialists 
(MGYOSZ) and was Vice President between 1994 and 2000. He was a member of the Advisory Committee

--- Page 200 ---
200 
 
 
for Economic Affairs of the Prime Minister between 1998 and 2002 and since 2000, Dr. Parragh has also been 
President of the Hungarian Chamber of Commerce and Industry. Between 2003 and 2010, he was Vice 
President of Győr-Sopron-Ebenfurth Railways Co. Plc (GYSEV) and since 2009, he has been Chairman of 
KAVOSZ Venture Development Plc. In MOL, since 2010 he has been a member of the Board of Directors, 
since 2014 he has been the Chairman of the Sustainable Development Committee, and since 2014 he has been 
a member of the Finance and Risk Management Committee. Between 2003 to 2011, he was Chairman of the 
Economic and Social Council and since 2011 he has been Chairman of the National Economic and Social 
Council. Between 2002 to 2010 he was a member of the Board of Directors at MEHIB Ltd, at EXIM Bank Plc 
and at GYESEV. Between 2010 to 2011 he was a member of the Board of Directors of MALÉV. Since 2003 
he has been Chairman of the Supervisory Board of KA-VOSZ Financial Services Trading Close Co. He has 
also been member of the State Reform Committee and member of the Board of Directors of MKB Bank since 
2014. He is Honorary Professor of the University of West Hungary and the Budapest Business School, where 
he is also a member of the Economic Council. He is President of the National Economic and Social Council’s 
Economic side. In December 2017, the town of Sopron awarded him honorary citizenship. 
Dr. Anthony Radev 
Dr. Anthony Radev was a Director of McKinsey & Company (McKinsey) for over 22 years. Joining the Firm 
in 1991 in Germany, he was one of the founding partners of the Eastern European branch in 1993. He 
personally opened the McKinsey offices in Budapest (1995), Zagreb (2003), Sofia (2005) and Bucharest 
(2008). He also led the Eastern European offices of McKinsey’s financial institutions practice. With 
McKinsey, Anthony has completed a vast number of engagements in almost all sectors of the economy and 
the public sector, from financial institutions through service, to manufacturing industries. He is the founding 
director of the School for Executive Education and Development (SEED) Business School in Budapest. Since 
its founding in 2014, SEED has developed into a high performing complex business education institution. He 
is a citizen of Hungary, Germany and Bulgaria. 
Dr. Martin Roman 
Martin Roman started his professional career as a sales director of the Czech branch of Wolf Bergstrasse. In 
1994, he became CEO of Janka Radotín, where he was appointed Chairman of the Board after the entry of a 
strategic partner, the U.S. company LENNOX. Between 2000 and 2004, he restructured a traditional Czech 
mechanical engineering company, becoming Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the new ŠKODA 
HOLDING AS. From February 2004 until mid-September 2011, Mr. Roman was the Chairman of the Board 
and CEO of ČEZ AS (ČEZ). From mid-September 2011 until October 2013, Mr. Roman was Chairman of the 
Supervisory Board of ČEZ. Besides his board membership of MOL, he served as a member of the Supervisory 
Board of the Prague Stock Exchange between 2005 and 2015, as a member of the Supervisory Board of Czech 
Railways between 2007 and 2009 and as Vice President of the Confederation of Industry and Transport of the 
Czech Republic from 2007 to 2011. From 2010 until May 2014, he was a member of the Supervisory Board 
of the Vienna Insurance Group. In addition, Mr. Roman is a member of governing or supervisory bodies in 
several foundations and academic institutions. He is a Czech citizen. 
Dr. Oszkár Világi  
Mr. Világi graduated from the Faculty of Law at the Comenius University of Bratislava in 1985 and achieved 
the academic title of D.C.L. During 1990 to 1992, he was a member of the Czechoslovak Parliament in Prague. 
In 1994, he was one of the founders of the Central European Foundation, of which he is, as at the date of this 
Base Prospectus, a member of the Board of Directors. From 1996, he participated in the governing bodies of 
several Slovak companies. He has been the legal advisor for several foreign investors in big restructuring 
projects of Slovak industry (U.S. Steel, Orange Sovensko, OTP Bank Plc, MOL). Since 2002 he has been a 
member of the strategic partnership and integration team of SLOVNAFT a.s. and MOL. Before becoming a 
member of the Board of Directors in SLOVNAFT a.s. in 2005, he was member of its Supervisory Board. In 
March 2006, Mr. Világi was appointed as CEO of SLOVNAFT a.s. In April 2010, he became Member of the 
EB of MOL. He is the President of the Slovak-Hungarian Chamber of Business and Industry founded in 2012

--- Page 201 ---
201 
 
 
and a member of the Slovak Chamber of Business and Industry. He became a member of the Board of Trustees 
at the Selye János University Komarno in November 2010 and since 2015 he is a member of the Board of 
Trustees at the Comenius University in Bratislava. 
Dr. György Bacsa  
Mr. Bacsa started his career as a Corporate Legal Counsel. After spending two years in INA d.d., he became 
the leader of Mergers and Acquisition team after his return. Since 2011 he has been leading MOL Group’s 
major M&A projects including, but not limited to the ENI acquisition in five CEE countries or the 
Exploration&Production project in Azerbaijan and further business development projects at large scale. The 
Group Strategic Operations and Corporate Development organisation under his leadership is responsible for 
coordinating the M&A, corporate strategy, project evaluation, macro and industrial analysis, legal, regulatory 
and public affairs, IR, corporate governance and audit related activities as well as investment related to the 
venture capital platforms. 
Since 2013, he has been a member of the Board of Directors of the Budapest Stock Exchange, and is also 
Board and investment committee member of several reputable fund and asset management companies. He 
holds degrees in law and economics from Eötvös Loránd University and Corvinus Universities in Budapest, 
from the University of Heidelberg in Germany and the American Duke University and is admitted to the New 
York Bar and to the MKIK Arbitration Register. Furthermore he is a member of the Board of Trustees of the 
Foundation for Theater and Film Arts, MOL New Europe Foundation and the Foundation For Civil Education, 
Culture And Science. In 2021 he was awarded with „Magyar Gazdaságért” Award. 
Supervisory Board 
Mr. Zoltán Áldott 
Between 1990 and 1991, Zoltán Áldott was an associate at Creditum Financial Consulting Ltd. Afterwards, 
between 1992 and 1995, he held various positions at Eurocorp Financial Consulting Ltd. From 1995 to 1997, 
he was the manager of MOL’s Privatisation Department and from 1997 until 1999, he was Director of Capital 
Markets. In 1999, Mr. Áldott served as Director of Strategy and Business Development. From November 2000, 
he acted as Chief Strategy Officer and then, since June 2001, as Group Chief Strategy Officer. He was the 
Group Upstream Executive Vice President of MOL between September 2004 and June 2011. Zoltán Áldott 
acted as the President of INA’s Management Board between 1 April 2010 and 31 May 2018. From 2001 to 
2018 May he was a member of the MOL EB. As the Chairman of the Supervisory Board he is a permanent 
invitee to Board of Directors, Remuneration and Risk Management Committee and Sustainable Development 
Committee meetings. 
Mr. Péter Bíró 
Mr. Bíró is an economist, senior finance executive and U.S. Certified Public Accountant. He obtained his 
degrees at the University of British Columbia and at the Arnhem Business School, and further taught 
accounting, auditing and financial reporting classes in Vancouver, Canada. Mr. Bíró has several years of 
experience in Big Four accounting firms and gained experience in the Netherlands, Canada and the United 
States as well. Mr. Bíró served as Chief Financial Officer for the United Kingdom and Ireland branches for all 
Merck businesses and is currently the Chief Executive Officer of the National Sports Agency of Hungary Non-
Profit Co. Ltd. He speaks English, Dutch and German besides Hungarian. 
Mr. Lajos Dorkota 
Mr. Dorkota obtained his law degree at the Janus Pannonius University of Pécs. After, while working as a 
lawyer, Mr. Dorkota had also been member of the General Assembly of Dunaújváros between 1990 and 2013, 
serving as deputy mayor for three years as well. From 1998 until 2013 Mr. Dorkota had been a member of the 
Hungarian National Assembly during which period he also led the Government Office of Fejér County for two

--- Page 202 ---
202 
 
 
years. After being appointed as President of the Hungarian Energy and Public Utility Regulatory Authority 
(MEKH) on 1 July 2013 - which position he held until 2020 - Mr. Dorkota resigned from his parliamentary 
seat. 
Mr. Norbert Izer 
Mr. Izer graduated from the Budapest University of Economics and Public Administration in 2004. In addition 
to his qualifications as an accountant and tax advisor, he also obtained an international tax degree at the 
University of Leiden in 2010. After the Raiffeisen Bank and the Budapest Stock Exchange, he worked as a tax 
advisor at PwC Magyarország Kft. for 12 years, and in August 2016 he was appointed as Deputy State 
Secretary for Tax Regulation and Accounting at the Ministry for National Economy. He manages the State 
Secretariat for Taxation in the Ministry of Finance as of May 2018. 
Dr. Péter Kaderják 
Mr. Kaderják graduated as an economist at the Budapest University of Economics where he also started his 
career as a research assistant, later becoming an assistant professor. In 1998, Mr. Kaderják was appointed as 
Chief of Staff to the Ministry of Economy. Mr. Kaderják has a leading role in the Hungarian energy market 
since the 2000s – between 2002 and 2003 acting as Chairman of the Hungarian Energy Authority, then leading 
the Regional Centre for Energy Policy Research (REKK) for fourteen years from its establishment. Between 
2018 and 2021 Mr. Kaderják acted as the State Secretary for Energy and Climate Policy. Mr. Kaderják has a 
unique experience in green economy and energy related topics with numerous scientific publications linked to 
his name. 
Mr. Ivan Mikloš 
Ivan Mikloš is former Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Finance of the Slovak Republic (2002-2006, 
2010-2012), Deputy Prime Minister for Economy (1998-2002), and Minister of Privatisation (1991-1992). He 
co-founded and led an economic think-tank MESA10 (1992-1998). During 2006-2010 and 2012-2016 he was 
a Member of Parliament. In 2014 he was appointed again as a President of MESA10 and became a member of 
the International Advisory Board of National Reform Council of Ukraine and platform VoxUkraine. Until 
April 2016 he served as a Chief Advisor to the Minister of Finance of Ukraine and as an Advisor to the Minister 
of Economic Development and Trade of Ukraine. Since April 2016 he serves as a Chief Economic Advisor to 
the Prime Minister of Ukraine. He is also Chairman of the Strategic Advisory Group for Support of Ukrainian 
Reforms and Co-founder of the Ukrainian economic think-thank Centre for Economic Strategy. 
Ivan Mikloš was one of the leading figures of economic transformation in Slovakia. Ivan Mikloš significantly 
contributed to the entry of the Slovak Republic into the OECD and started an extensive and effective tax 
reform. He led the government agenda on economic restructuring and fiscal consolidation. The second 
Dzurinda´s government (2002-2006) gained a very reformist reputation thanks to severe austerity measures 
and a comprehensive programme of structural reforms (tax, social sector, pension, healthcare, public finance, 
labour market) backed by Ivan Mikloš. Thanks to these reforms Slovakia was able to join Eurozone in 2009. 
In 2004 he was awarded by Euromoney the best Minister of Finance of the Year and the top business reformer 
by the World Bank´s Doing Business report. Ivan Mikloš is the author of the “Book of Reforms” (2005), 
“Rewriting the Rule” (2001) and of dozens of studies and articles in the expert and popular press. 
From November 2019 he holds the position of an Economic Advisor to the newly appointed Prime Minister 
of Ukraine. He is a Chairman of the Strategic Advisory Group for Support of Ukrainian Reforms and Co-
Founder of the Ukrainian economic think tank Centre for Economic Strategy. 
Dr. András Lánczi 
Mr. Lánczi obtained his degree at ELTE Faculty of Humanities in English and History. Since 1991 he has been 
a full time professor at several Hungarian and European universities. Currently Mr. Lánczi works as a Research

--- Page 203 ---
203 
 
 
Professor at Corvinus University of Budapest’s Institution of Political Sciences. His primary expertise is 
political philosophy, history of ideas of the Hungarian political thinking, furthermore the modern theories of 
democracy. Mr. Lánczi has been awarded with different significant scholarships, including the Bibó István 
Prize (2003) and the Gold Medal of the Corvinus University of Budapest (2009) among others.  
Dr. Anett Pandurics 
Dr. Anett Pandurics is the CEO and Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Hungarian Post Insurance and 
Life Insurance Ltd. She holds degrees from the Faculty of Business Administration of Budapest University of 
Economic Sciences and a PhD from Corvinus University in the field of strategic management. She is the 
President of Association of Hungarian Insurance Companies (Magyar Biztosítók Szövetsége, MABISZ), a 
member of the Board of Richter Gedeon Nyrt. She has been granted with numerous awards, including the Pro 
Universitas Prize, the Pro Scientia Medal and the Muzsay Géza Insurance Award. 
Bálint Péter Kis 
Bálint Kis joined MOL and its predecessor, NKFV in 1986. He worked in the oil industry for 32 years in 
various positions at Orosháza Hydrocarbon Production Plant at MOL’s Kardoskút site. As a production 
foreman, shift foreman and processing master he was involved in the supervision of investments and 
construction works, in addition to the professional management of operations. He was heavily involved in the 
development, experimentation and application of some technological systems of underground gas storage. He 
graduated as a petroleum technician from the Vilmos Zsigmondy Petroleum Engineering Technical College, 
and via continuous trainings he holds pressure vessel inspector, pressure vessel operator and construction 
supervisor II qualifications, too. In addition to oil and gas production, pipeline transportation and distribution 
of hydrocarbons, operation of process systems, his main areas of expertise are the operation, management and 
organisation of underground gas storage facilities, planning and operation of hydrocarbon production and 
process control tasks. Co-author of a publication on the quantitative measurement of solids in gas reservoir 
well streams. He is a trade union member and has been a member of MOL Plc. Works Council for several 
terms, since 2018 he is the Chairman and is the Chairman of the MOL Group European Works Council. He 
has received several oil industry and mining awards, including the Bronze Medal for the Hungarian Oil 
Industry, the Outstanding Miner Medal and the Borbála Medal. He is the Deputy Mayor of Kardoskút since 
2018. 
Dr. Sándor Puskás 
Dr. Puskás has been employed by MOL as a Petroleum Engineer, M.Sc., since 1985. Currently he holds a 
Technology Project Senior Engineer position at the MOL Group Oilfield Chemicals and Technologies 
organisation. He has 34 years of experience as a field production engineer, field production head, research and 
development engineer, and as an R&D project manager in crude oil production and in oil field R&D.Dr. Puskás 
holds a Dipl. Eng. degree in petroleum engineering from Moscow State Gubkin Oil and Gas University and a 
Dr. Univ. degree in colloid chemistry from the József Attila University Szeged, Hungary. He holds a 
postgraduate degree in research and development management and human management from the Management 
Development Centre of the Budapest University of Economic Sciences and State Administration. Between 
2005 and 2011, Dr. Puskás was a member and the chairman of the Audit Committee of Tempo Health Fund. 
He is the author and co-author of several domestic and international technical papers. He is member of the 
Hungarian Mining and Metallurgical Society and the Energy Management Scientific Association. He is 
member of the MOL Trade Union of Production Workers. He is a member of the Assembly of Delegates of 
TEMPO Health Fund. 
Mr. Kálmán Serfőző 
Kálmán Serfőző joined MOL in 2012. He started working for the MOL Logistics Organisation, and later he 
worked for the MOL Petrochemicals Co ltd. As a health and safety expert his main task was to support the 
safe operation of oil facilities. Later on, he worked as a Site Safety Supervisor in MOL’s Polyol Project.

--- Page 204 ---
204 
 
 
Currently he works as a Process Safety Expert at MOL Upstream. He graduated from the National University 
of Public Service as a Defence Administration Officer, and then got a qualification as an Occupational Safety 
and Health Specialist at the Budapest University of Technology and Economics. He obtained his university 
degree at the Faculty of Earth Sciences and Engineering of the University of Miskolc as a Mining and 
Geotechnical Engineer. He has been a member of the Works Council of MOL Plc. since 2018, of which he has 
also been the Vice Chairman since 2019. Since 2018, he has been the member of the MOL Group European 
Works Council. He is also a Trade Union member, in 2021 he was elected the Vice-President of the MOL 
Chemist Trade Union. 
Mr. András Tóth 
Mr. Tóth has been employed by MOL as a Chemist-technician since 1984. Throughout his employment he has 
held various positions (Outside Operator, Inside Operator, Shift Leader) at the Danube Refinery in 
Százhalombatta, Hungary. Currently he is an operator training simulator trainer. He is the shop steward of the 
MOL Oil Industry Trade Union. 
Member of Committees (not listed above) 
Mr. József Simola 
From 1991 to 1992 Mr. Simola was employed as an SAP expert at General Electric – Tungsram. He 
subsequently joined Arthur Andersen as an auditor and consultant. In 1996, he continued his career at Boston 
Consulting Group, where he held various managerial positions in Hungary, Germany and Australia. Mr. 
Simola joined MOL in 2003 and has been a member of the EB since April 2006. He was also appointed as 
Corporate Centre Executive Vice President of MOL between 2006 and 2011. Mr. Simola has held the title of 
Group Chief Financial Officer since 1 May 2011. 
Mr. Zsombor Marton 
Zsombor Marton graduated from the University of Miskolc with an MSc degree in economics and Oil and Gas 
Engineering. Since he joined MOL in 2007, he gained valuable experience in many fields of the oil industry, 
and participated in the implementation of several large investments. Mr. Marton spent two years in the 
Kurdistan region of Iraq as the company’s Financial Director and Deputy Managing Director. In 2015 he was 
appointed Financial Director of MOL Hungary. From October 2017 to April 2021 he led MOL Hungary’s 
Exploration and Production business. Then, from April 2021 to September 2022, Mr Marton has been the Vice 
President of Downstream MOL and the CEO of MOL Petrochemicals Co. Ltd. From 1 October 2022, he was 
the Senior Vice President of the Group Downstream Chemicals organization. Effective of 1 February 2023, 
Zsombor Marton leads MOL Group’s Exploration and Production division as EVP. 
Mr. Gabriel Szabó 
Gabriel Szabó graduated from the Faculty of Business Administration in Košice at the Bratislava University 
of Economics in 1999. He started his career in Slovnaft in 2001. From 2012, Gabriel has been the Vice 
President of Downstream at Slovnaft. In December 2016 he was appointed Chief Executive Officer of 
SLOVNAFT a.s. and since 2019 he was double-heading also the MOL Group Logistics Senior Vice President 
position and became a member of MOL Group´s Management Committee. In July 2020, Gabriel Szabó was 
appointed Group Downstream Executive Vice President of the MOL Group in Budapest and Deputy Chairman 
of the Board of Directors of SLOVNAFT a.s., responsible for the management and development of activities 
in refineries and petrochemical plants in three countries (Slovnaft in Slovakia, MOL in Hungary and INA in 
Croatia), as well as for the distribution and sale of refinery and petrochemical products in 11 countries in CEE.

--- Page 205 ---
205 
 
 
Mr. Péter Ratatics 
Péter Ratatics currently holds a position of EVP of Consumer Services of MOL Hungarian Oil and Gas Plc. 
and President of INA Management Board. He graduated from Corvinus University of Budapest, Faculty of 
Finance specialization in capital markets. In 2007 Mr. Ratatics started his career as Gas Trading and Business 
Development expert in MOL Plc, then in 2009 he was appointed Head of the Executive Board Advisory team. 
Between 2009 and 2010 he also acted as Head of Organisational Development and Process Management and 
in 2010-2011 as Head of Management Services. From 2011 he worked as VP of Corporate Centre and he was 
responsible for the HR domain. 
In 2015 and 2016 he was responsible for the MOL Group procurement, investment and communication 
activities as SVP of Corporate Centre (Group Corporate Human Resources, Group Corporate Services and 
Group Corporate Communication). He was a member of the INA Management Board between 2011 and 2018. 
He was Vice-Chairman of the Supervisory Board of FGSZ (Natural Gas Transmission) between 2012 and 
2021, and a Member of the IES Management Board between 2013 and 2019. CEO of MOL Fleet Holding Kft. 
since 2017, CEO of MOL Ingatlankezelő Kft. and CEO of MOL Ingatlan Holding Kft. since 2018. Chairman 
of the Supervisory Board of TIFON d.o.o. since Febuary 2019. 
Mr. Marek Senkovič 
Mr. Senkovič graduated from the Faculty of Commerce of the University of Economics in Bratislava in 1997. 
He is a manager with strong micro and macro-economic background and deep knowledge of the energy 
industry. From 1997 to 2005 he held different positions in investment banking and was the member of the 
Supervisory Board of Istrobanka Slovakia. In 2006 he started his career at Slovnaft. From 2006 to 2018 he 
was a Chief economist, in 2018 he was appointed as the CFO of Slovnaft and in July 2020 he was appointed 
as the CEO and Head of Downstream in SLOVNAFT a.s. In addition to these roles Mr. Senkovič also 
represents the Slovakian domestic oil companies in the Board of Directors of the Slovakian Emergency Oil 
Stocks Agency. 
Ms. Lana Faust Križan 
Ms. Križan has started her MOL Group career in 2010 in INA, as Learning & Development Expert at Sisak 
refinery. During her tenure within MOL Group, she fulfilled various local and group level HR roles, as well 
as managerial positions, the last one being Head of Group Downstream HR. She has a proven track record of 
successfully partnering with the core businesses as their strategic HR Business Partner, leading organisational 
transformations, and delivering core leadership development programs and talent management activities. She 
has a Master’s Degree in Psychology from the Faculty of Social Sciences, University in Zagreb, and holds 
CIPD professional degree in HR Management, along with being a certified coach.  
Mr. Péter Labancz 
Mr. Labancz joined MOL Group as Group Chief Procurement Officer in April 2018 and was responsible for 
a successful organisational transformation of the Group Procurement and Supply Chain functions. His business 
responsibilities have been extended in the beginning of 2021, as head of the Group Ventures functions. Since 
February 2022 Péter works as Vice President for Industrial and Corporate Services in the MOL Group, 
overseeing the Group Maintenance Service Management, Asset and Service Management, Procurement and 
Ventures function. 
Péter studied and started his professional career in the Danish retail industry, which brought him from a 
logistics intern role to logistics manager. From 2005, prior to joining MOL Group, he had worked for the 
Danish shipping conglomerate, A.P. Moller Maersk Group. In Maersk he gained professional leadership 
experiences in the global shipping and logistics, shipbuilding, industrial manufacturing and in the oil and gas 
industries in varying business cycles. Throughout his tenure there, he served as a procurement and supply 
chain executive in Qatar, Brazil, Chile, China and Denmark in varying business. Since joining MOL, Péter

--- Page 206 ---
206 
 
 
became member of the Supervisory Board of FGSZ Zrt. in March 2021 and Member of the Board of Directors 
of SLOVNAFT, a.s. in May 2022. 
Ms. Zsuzsanna Ortutay 
Ms. Ortutay started her career in MOL Group in 1998 as Investor Relations Manager of TVK, a petrochemical 
company acquired by MOL. She was TVK’s Treasury Manager in 2003, when she moved to Zagreb and 
worked in INA as treasury advisor of the CFO until 2006. Between 2007 and 2009 she was Head of MOL 
Group Retail Controlling. In 2009-2010 she was the project manager for the INA integration and efficiency 
improvement project focusing on the financial stabilization and sustainable efficiency. She was MOL’s Group 
Treasurer between 2013 and 2018, and between 2018 and 2019 she held a CFO role in MOL Hungary. From 
2018 to 2020 Ms. Ortutay was a member of the Board of Directors of JMSR, a joint venture of MOL with 
Japanese Synthetic Rubber corporation. Since 2019 she was the CEO of MOL GBS, the finance and HR service 
centre of MOL Group, an organization of 500+ employees, covering activities of 100+ MOL Group companies 
in 8 countries. After the acquisition of the Polish fuel retail network in 2022, she became the member of the 
Supervisory Board of MOL Polska. In June 2023 she was appointed as President of the Management Board of 
INA. Ms. Ortutay got her Bachelor’s degree in Baker University, Kansas, MSc in Economics at the University 
of Miskolc and post graduate degree DESS (Diplôme d’études supérieures spécialisées) in Banking and 
Finance at Panthéon-Assas, Paris University. 
EMPLOYEES 
The Group has approximately 25,000 employees. The MOL Group supports fair treatment practices such as 
guaranteeing diversity, ensuring fair and equal remuneration and supporting freedom of association. The 
biggest entities, MOL, Slovnaft and INA (and majority of subsidiaries in these three countries) are covered by 
collective agreements. On Group-level all employees are represented by the European Works Council (EWC) 
which meets on a quarterly basis to discuss employment and operational related issues. The Group’s 
management has a good working relationship with the trade unions, there are regular meetings and open and 
constructive communication from both sides regarding all relevant employee actions.  
The Group aims to ensure its employees’ health and safety in gradually increasing number of company’s 
wellbeing (including health and safety, health promotion, medical care and numerous further benefits) by the 
following: 
• 
compliance with occupational health and safety related local legal requirements is set as minimum for 
the Group; 
• 
the Group has implemented HSE policies and training, their application is strictly monitored; 
• 
the Group has implemented mandatory fitness for duty medical examinations for employees on an 
annual basis (or more frequently depending on the hazards associated with the positions of individuals 
and its assessment);  
• 
the Group has implemented the mandatory and recommended practices of safe working including 
transportation on roads; 
• 
the Group has implemented diversity and inclusion framework focusing on four strategic pillars: age, 
gender, disability and wellbeing; 
• 
the Group provides personal protective equipment against hazards associated with the positions of 
individuals which comply with the highest and latest international standards; 
• 
the Group has plans for pandemic health issues, healthcare for employees, emergency responses and 
crisis management;

--- Page 207 ---
207 
 
 
• 
the Group continuously launches single and/or multi-year occupational health and safety related 
programmes; 
• 
the Group continuously launches different health promotion programmes, offered to employees either 
free of charge or at a significant discount, being continuously renewed and extended; 
• 
every employee has the benefit of life and accident insurance; 
• 
in some countries, employees are covered by private health insurance for outpatient care and further 
screening possibilities as part of the employer care; and 
• 
in several countries, a wide range of wellbeing programmes are available for employees covering 
besides health, their financial consciousness, specific life situations and work life balance (e.g flexible 
and remote working). 
During the pandemic MOL Group focused on the protection of its employees (with several actions completed 
at the Group and local level) as well as on maintaining business continuity. As governments released all 
restrictions and measures in line with the abatement of the pandemic, the Group level measures were first 
released with local level restrictions subsequently also released. The measures adopted by the Group enabled 
it to sustain continued operations and production without major disruptions or significant internal virus 
transmission throughout the pandemic. 
In December 2022, 2,500 Budapest based MOL Group employees moved in to a new office, one of the greenest 
office buildings in Budapest, boasting high-level energy efficiency and environmental awareness, as well as 
featuring enhanced onboarding experience, modern working areas.

--- Page 208 ---
208 
 
 
TAXATION 
Tax legislation, including in the country where the investor is domiciled or tax resident and in the 
Issuer’s country of incorporation, may have an impact on the income that an investor receives from the 
Notes. 
HUNGARIAN TAXATION 
The following is a general discussion of certain Hungarian tax consequences of the acquisition, ownership and 
disposition of Notes. It does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all tax considerations which may 
be relevant to a decision to purchase Notes, and, in particular, does not consider any specific facts or 
circumstances that may apply to a particular purchaser. This summary is based on the laws of Hungary 
currently in force and as applied on the date of this Base Prospectus, which are subject to change, possibly 
with retroactive effect. 
Prospective purchasers of Notes are advised to consult their own tax advisers as to the tax consequences of the 
purchase, ownership and disposition of Notes, including the effect of any state or local taxes, under the tax 
laws of Hungary and each country in which they are tax-resident. The acquisition of the Notes by non-
Hungarian tax-resident Noteholders or the payment of interest under the Notes may trigger additional tax 
payments in the country of tax residence of the Noteholder, which is not covered by this summary but is where 
the provisions of the treaties on the avoidance of double taxation should be taken into consideration. 
Taxation of non-Hungarian tax-resident Noteholders other than individuals 
Non-Hungarian tax-resident Noteholders other than individuals are not subject to Hungarian withholding tax 
on interest received in respect of the Notes if such interest is not attributable to any Hungarian permanent 
establishment of such Noteholders. 
Profits realised by non-Hungarian tax-resident Noteholders other than individuals in the form of interest or as 
capital gains on the sale of the Notes are not subject to corporate income tax in Hungary provided that the 
acquisition, ownership and disposition of the Notes are not attributable to any Hungarian permanent 
establishment of such Noteholders. 
Taxation of individual non-Hungarian tax-resident Noteholders 
Individual non-Hungarian tax-resident Noteholders are subject to tax in Hungary only with respect to their 
Hungarian source income or income that is otherwise taxable in Hungary if an international treaty or 
reciprocity so requires. Interest received with respect to the Notes (and payments received with respect to 
publicly offered debt securities (including interest and yield realised upon the redemption or sale thereof)) is 
regarded as Hungarian source income if MOL or MGF, as applicable, who is obliged to pay the interest is 
Hungarian tax-resident or a non-Hungarian resident individual Noteholder has a permanent establishment in 
Hungary which is affected by the payment. In general, such income is subject to 15 per cent. personal income 
tax and may also be subject to social security contribution, to be withheld by the payer of the interest. However, 
a treaty on the avoidance of double taxation may fully exempt Noteholders from withholding tax or may reduce 
the applicable withholding tax rate. The payer of the interest can apply the treaty benefits only on the basis of 
a tax residency certificate provided to the payer by the individual before the interest payment. 
An individual non-Hungarian tax-resident Noteholder that has no permanent establishment in Hungary 
affected by the gain, realising capital gain with respect to the Notes, is not subject to withholding tax in 
Hungary since such income is not considered to be Hungarian source income. 
During the state of emergency (expected to be in force until 25 November 2023 that may be extended), taxable 
payments received with respect to publicly offered and traded debt securities acquired from 1 July 2023

--- Page 209 ---
209 
 
 
(including interest and gains realised upon the redemption or sale of the debt security) in Hungary are subject 
to social contribution tax (at 13 per cent.) from 1 July 2023. 
Noteholders who qualify as “foreigner” pursuant to Act CXXII of 2019 on persons entitled to social security 
benefits and on the coverage of these benefits (Social Security Contribution Act) and those who are secured 
for social security purposes in an EU member state or by an EU institution pursuant to Regulation (EC) No 
883/2004 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 29 April 2004 on the coordination of social security 
systems are not subject to social contribution tax in respect of the above-mentioned payments. A non-
Hungarian tax resident individual for personal income tax purposes does not necessarily qualify as “foreigner” 
for social contribution tax purposes. 
Taxation of Hungarian tax-resident Noteholders other than individuals 
Under Act LXXXI of 1996 on Corporate Tax and Dividend Tax, Hungarian resident, non-individual taxpayers 
are subject to full, all-inclusive corporate income tax liability. Resident entities are those established in 
Hungary. Foreign persons having their place of management in Hungary are also considered to be Hungarian 
resident taxpayers. Taxable income is based on the pre-tax profit as shown in the financial statements and 
adjusted by certain increasing and decreasing items set forth by tax legislation. Taxable profits include all 
types of income realised during the financial year, such as interest income and income from capital gains. 
Taxable profits of Hungarian tax resident Noteholders other than individuals are subject to a corporate income 
tax rate of 9 per cent.  
Pursuant to Act C of 1990 on local taxes, financial institutions, financial enterprises, insurance companies and 
investment enterprises may be subject to local business tax on the basis of the proceeds realised on the Notes. 
Taxation of individual Hungarian tax-resident Noteholders 
Individual Hungarian tax-resident Noteholders are subject to tax on their worldwide income. Interest received 
and capital gains realised with respect to debt securities, such as the Notes, are subject to 15 per cent. personal 
income tax and may also be subject to healthcare contribution and social security contribution, which must be 
withheld by the payer of the interest. 
In addition, in the case of Hungarian resident individual Noteholders, interest paid and yield and capital gains 
realised with respect to Notes purchased or issued following 30 June 2023 is subject to social security 
contribution tax at the rate of 13 per cent. Such payment obligation is applicable during the state of emergency, 
social contribution tax (at 13 per cent.) pursuant to Government Decree 205/2023. (V.31). By way of 
exemption, no such payment obligation applies if the Noteholder qualifies as “foreigner” according to the 
Social Security Contribution Act or is secured for social security purposes in an EU member state or by an EU 
institution pursuant to Regulation (EC) No 883/2004 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 29 
April 2004 on the coordination of social security systems. 
Individual Hungarian tax residents are in general persons: (i) who are citizens of only Hungary; (ii) whose stay 
in Hungary exceeds 183 days within a calendar year; (iii) who only have a permanent domicile (állandó 
lakóhely) in Hungary; or (iv) persons not covered by points (i)-(iii) whose centre of vital interests (in 
Hungarian: létérdekek központja) is in Hungary.  
FATCA DISCLOSURE 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a 
foreign financial institution (as defined by FATCA) may be required to withhold on certain payments it 
makes (foreign passthru payments) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting or related 
requirements. Each Issuer may be a foreign financial institution for these purposes. A number of jurisdictions

--- Page 210 ---
210 
 
 
(including Hungary) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the 
United States to implement FATCA (IGAs), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their 
jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial institution in an IGA 
jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from payments that it makes. 
Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as Notes, including 
whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on 
instruments such as Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change. Even if withholding would be required 
pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as Notes, such withholding would 
not apply prior to the date that is two years after the date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru 
payments are published in the U.S. Federal Register and Notes characterised as debt (or which are not 
otherwise characterised as equity and have a fixed term) for U.S. federal tax purposes that are issued on or 
prior to the date that is six months after the date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru payments 
are published generally would be grandfathered for purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially 
modified after such date (including by reason of a substitution of the relevant Issuer). However, if additional 
Notes (as described under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes—Further Issues”) that are not distinguishable 
from previously issued Notes are issued after the expiration of the grandfathering period and are subject to 
withholding under FATCA, then withholding agents may treat all Notes, including the Notes offered prior to 
the expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject to withholding under FATCA. Holders should consult 
their own tax advisers regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in Notes.  
The Proposed Financial Transactions Tax (FTT) 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the Commission’s Proposal) for a 
Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, 
Slovenia and Slovakia (the participating Member States). However, Estonia has since stated that it will not 
participate. 
The Commission’s Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in Notes 
(including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. The issuance and subscription of Notes 
should, however, be exempt. 
Under the Commission’s Proposal the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and 
outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in Notes where at 
least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member State. 
A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be “established” in a participating Member State in a broad 
range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating Member State 
or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a participating Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member States. It may 
therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional EU Member 
States may decide to participate. 
Prospective holders of Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT.

--- Page 211 ---
211 
 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
The Dealers have, in a Programme Agreement (such Programme Agreement as modified and/or supplemented 
and/or restated from time to time, the Programme Agreement) dated 29 September 2023, agreed with the 
Issuers and the Guarantor a basis upon which they or any of them may from time to time agree to purchase 
Notes. Any such agreement will extend to those matters stated under “Form of the Notes” and “Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes”. In the Programme Agreement, the relevant Issuer (failing which, the Guarantor) has 
agreed to reimburse the Dealers for certain of their expenses in connection with the establishment and any 
future update of the Programme and the issue of Notes under the Programme and to indemnify the Dealers 
against certain liabilities incurred by them in connection therewith. 
SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
United States 
The Notes and the Guarantee have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or the securities 
laws of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States and may not be offered or sold within the United 
States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt from, or not 
subject to the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings 
given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
The Notes in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered 
within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted 
by U.S. Treasury regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder. The applicable Final Terms 
will identify whether TEFRA C rules or TEFRA D rules apply or whether TEFRA is not applicable. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it will not offer, sell or deliver Notes (a) as part of their distribution at any 
time or (b) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution of all of the Notes of the Tranche 
of which such Notes are a part, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons 
except in accordance with Regulation S of the Securities Act. Each Dealer has further agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that it will send to each dealer to which it 
sells any Notes during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting forth the 
restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. 
persons. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities 
Act. 
Until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of Notes, an offer or sale of such Notes 
within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance with an available 
exemption from registration under the Securities Act. 
Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as 
“Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available 
and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor 
in the European Economic Area. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following:

--- Page 212 ---
212 
 
 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
MiFID II); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the Insurance 
Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus 
Regulation); and 
(b) 
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Notes.  
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not 
Applicable”, in relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area, each Dealer has represented 
and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, 
that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by 
this Base Prospectus as completed by the final terms in relation thereto to the public in that Member State 
except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in that Member State: 
(A) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(B) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers 
nominated by the relevant Issuer for any such offer; or 
(C) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (A) to (C) above shall require the relevant Issuer or any 
Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision:  
• 
the expression an offer of Notes to the public in relation to any Notes in any Member State means 
the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer 
and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes; 
and 
• 
the expression Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.  
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors  
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not 
Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not 
offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this 
Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United 
Kingdom. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following:

--- Page 213 ---
213 
 
 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Notes.  
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not 
Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation 
thereto to the public in the United Kingdom except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in the 
United Kingdom: 
(A) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(B) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior 
consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the relevant Issuer for any such offer; or 
(C) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (A) to (C) above shall require the relevant Issuer or any 
Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to 
Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
• 
the expression an offer of Notes to the public in relation to any Notes means the communication in 
any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be 
offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes; and  
• 
the expression UK Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA.  
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person whose ordinary 
activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) 
for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes 
other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is 
reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for

--- Page 214 ---
214 
 
 
the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a 
contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA by the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor; 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in 
circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the relevant Issuer or the 
Guarantor; and 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan 
(Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended; the FIEA) and each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer or sell any 
Notes, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (as defined under Item 
5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act (Act No. 228 of 1949, as amended)), 
or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of 
Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance 
with, the FIEA and any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan. 
Hungary 
No approval of this Base Prospectus has been sought or obtained from the National Bank of Hungary in respect 
of any Notes, its summary has not and will not be translated into Hungarian. No application has been filed nor 
has any permission been obtained for accepting, nor has any other arrangement for trading any Notes on any 
regulated market in Hungary been made. Accordingly, any person making or intending to make any offer of 
any Notes within Hungary which are the subject of the placement contemplated in this Base Prospectus should 
only do so in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor or any of the 
Dealers to have a prospectus for such offer approved by the National Bank of Hungary. Further to the above, 
in the event any Notes were to be offered in Hungary, the Base Prospectus must be made available to the 
potential investors at least 7 days before the relevant issue date and the relevant Issuer agrees to notify the 
National Bank of Hungary within 15 days following the completion of any such offering. 
Hong Kong  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent, warrant and agree, that: 
(a) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any document, any 
Notes, except for Notes which are a “structured product” as defined in the Securities and Futures 
Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong (the SFO), other than (i) to “professional investors” as defined 
in the SFO and any rules made under the SFO; or (ii) in other circumstances which do not result in the 
document being a “Prospectus” as defined in the Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous 
Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong (the Companies Ordinance) or which do not 
constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of the Companies Ordinance; and 
(b) 
it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or have in its 
possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any advertisement, 
invitation or document relating to the Notes, which is directed at, or the contents of which are likely 
to be accessed or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the securities 
laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to Notes which are or are intended to be disposed of only

--- Page 215 ---
215 
 
 
to persons outside Hong Kong or only to “professional investors” as defined in the SFO and any rules 
made under the SFO. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been and will not be registered as a prospectus with the MAS. 
Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold any Notes or caused the Notes to be made 
the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and it will not offer or sell any Notes or cause any 
Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, 
nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with 
the offer or sale or invitation for subscription or purchase of any Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any 
person in Singapore other than (a) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant 
to Section 274 of the SFA, (b) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to 
Section 275(1) of the SFA or to any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with 
the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA, or (c) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the 
conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA. 
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole 
business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more 
individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and 
each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor,  
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries’ rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred 
within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer made under 
Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(i) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred to in 
Section 275(1A) of the SFA or Section 276(4)(c)(ii) of the SFA; 
(ii) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(iii) 
where the transfer is by operation of law;  
(iv) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or  
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities and Securities-
based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018 of Singapore. 
General 
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, 
that it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable securities laws and regulations 
in force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses or distributes this 
Base Prospectus and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the purchase, offer, sale 
or delivery by it of Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in 
which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and neither the Issuers, the Guarantor, the Trustee 
nor any of the other Dealers shall have any responsibility therefor.

--- Page 216 ---
216 
 
 
None of the Issuers, the Guarantor, the Trustee and the Dealers represents that Notes may at any time lawfully 
be sold in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to 
any exemption available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale.

--- Page 217 ---
217 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
The establishment of the Programme, the issue of Notes and, in the case of MOL only, the giving of the 
Guarantee have been duly authorised, as applicable, by the resolution of the CFO of MOL dated 26 September 
2023 and resolution of the Board of Directors of MGF dated 27 September 2023. 
Listing of Notes 
It is expected that each Tranche of the Notes which is to be admitted to the Official List and to trading on the 
Euronext Dublin Regulated Market will be admitted separately as and when issued, subject only to the issue 
of one or more Global Notes initially representing the Notes of such Tranche. Application has been made to 
Euronext Dublin for Notes issued under the Programme during the period of twelve months from the date of 
this Base Prospectus to be admitted to the Official List and trading on the Euronext Dublin Regulated Market. 
The approval of the Programme in respect of the Notes was granted on or about 29 September 2023. 
Listing Agent 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent for the Issuers in connection 
with the Notes and is not itself seeking admission of the Notes on the Official List or to trading on the Euronext 
Dublin Regulated Market for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. 
Documents Available 
For the period of 12 months following the date of this Base Prospectus, copies of the following documents 
will, when published, be available for inspection from www.molgroup.info:  
(a) 
the constitutional documents of MOL and MGF, in each case with an English translation thereof; 
(b) 
the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement; 
(c) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus; and 
(d) 
any future base prospectuses, prospectuses, information memoranda, Final Terms and any supplement 
to this Base Prospectus and any other documents incorporated herein or therein by reference. 
Clearing Systems 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which are the 
entities in charge of keeping the records). The appropriate Common Code and ISIN for each Tranche of Notes 
allocated by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. If the 
Notes are to clear through an additional or alternative clearing system the appropriate information will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels. The 
address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking, 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg.  
Conditions for determining price 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the relevant Issuer 
and each relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions.

--- Page 218 ---
218 
 
 
Yield 
In relation to any Tranche of Fixed Rate Notes, an indication of the yield in respect of such Notes will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. The yield is calculated at the Issue Date of the Notes on the basis of 
the relevant Issue Price. The yield indicated will be calculated as the yield to maturity as at the Issue Date of 
the Notes and will not be an indication of future yield. 
Significant or Material Change 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or position of MGF, MOL or the Group 
since 30 June 2023 and there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of MGF, MOL or the Group 
since 31 December 2022. 
Litigation 
Save as disclosed in the section “Litigation” on pages 184 to 187 of this Base Prospectus, neither MGF, MOL 
nor any other member of the Group is or has been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration 
proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which MOL or MGF 
areaware) in the 12 months preceding the date of this document which may have or have in such period had a 
significant effect on the financial position or profitability MGF, MOL or the Group. 
Auditors 
The 2021 Financial Statements have been audited by Ernst & Young Kft. (registered seat: Váci út 20. 1132 
Budapest, Hungary; company registration number: 01-09-267553; registered with the Chamber of Hungarian 
Auditors) (EY) independent auditors, as stated in their audit report incorporated by reference herein. EY have 
issued an unqualified audit report on the 2021 Financial Statements. 
The 2022 Financial Statements have been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers Könyvvizsgáló Kft. (registered 
seat: Bajcsy-Zsilinszky út 78. 1055 Budapest, Hungary; company registration number: 01-09-063022; 
registered with the Chamber of Hungarian Auditors) (PwC), independent auditors, as stated in their audit 
report incorporated by reference herein. PwC have issued an unqualified audit report on the 2022 Financial 
Statements. 
Post-issuance information 
The Issuers and the Guarantor do not intend to provide any post-issuance information in relation to any issues 
of Notes. 
Dealers transacting with the Issuers and the Guarantor 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking 
and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for the Issuers, the Guarantor 
and their affiliates in the ordinary course of business. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold 
a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and 
financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. 
Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuers, the 
Guarantor or their affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the 
Issuers, the Guarantor or their affiliates routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their 
customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure 
by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of 
short positions in the securities of the Issuers, the Guarantor or their affiliates, including potentially the Notes

--- Page 219 ---
219 
 
 
issued under the Programme. Any such positions could adversely affect future trading prices of the Notes 
issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations 
and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and 
may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and 
instruments. 
Trustee’s action 
The Conditions and the Trust Deed provide for the Trustee to take action on behalf of the Noteholders in 
certain circumstances, but only if the Trustee is indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its 
satisfaction. It may not always be possible for the Trustee to take certain actions, notwithstanding the provision 
of an indemnity and/or security and/or pre-funding to it. Where the Trustee is unable to take any action, the 
Noteholders are permitted by the Conditions and the Trust Deed to take the relevant action directly.

--- Page 220 ---
0031980-0000085 UKO2: 2006768565.11 
220 
 
 
GLOSSARY 
Aliphatics 
Aliphatics are any chemical compounds belonging to the organic class in which the atoms are connected 
by single, double, or triple bonds to form nonaromatic structures. One of the major structural groups of 
organic molecules, the aliphatic compounds include the alkanes, alkenes, and alkynes and substances 
derived from them. 
Aromatics 
Aromatics, so called because of their distinctive perfumed smell, are substances derived from crude oil. 
Aromatics are hydrocarbons, organic compounds that consist exclusively of the elements carbon and 
hydrogen. 
Barrel 
Unit of measurement applied in the oil sector – one ton of crude oil is almost the equivalent of 7-7.5 
barrels (conversion rate applied to crude oil grades in Hungary is 7.55 bbl/ton.) 
bbl 
Barrel of oil. 
boe (barrel of crude oil equivalent) 
Volume equivalent obtained after conversion of the heating value of gas to crude oil on the basis of its 
thermal quantity. In its practical application, 1 boe is, in general, 6,000 cubic feet (about 170 normal 
m3) of gas. 
bpd 
barrels per day. 
Brent 
Brent crude is a major trading classification of sweet light crude oil that serves as a major benchmark 
price for purchases of oil worldwide. This grade is described as light because of its relatively low 
density, and sweet because of its low sulphur content.  
Brent Ural spread 
Brent is sweet light crude that is used as a benchmark when pricing more than 2/3 of the world crude 
oils. The Urals are the Russian blends which are generally heavy and sourer, therefore they are 
perceived as having a lower quality versus Brent and therefore are sold with a discount. The Brent Ural 
spread refers to the price difference between the two types of crudes.  
Butadiene 
Butadiene is a colourless, non-corrosive gas that condenses to a liquid at minus 4.5℃ and has a mild 
aromatic odour. Butadiene is produced commercially by extractive distillation from crude butylene 
concentration stream, a by-product of ethylene and propylene production. There are no consumer uses 
of butadiene. Butadiene is used primarily as a chemical intermediate and as a monomer in the

--- Page 221 ---
221 
 
 
manufacture of polymers such as synthetic rubbers or elastomers, including styrene-butadiene rubber, 
polybutadiene rubber, polychloroprene (also known as neoprene) and nitrile rubber. However, the major 
use of butadiene is in the production of tires. Butadiene is consumed in the manufacture of polymers, 
latexes, and plastics.  
Catalytic reforming 
Catalytic reforming is a chemical process used to convert petroleum refinery naphthas distilled from 
crude oil (typically having low octane ratings) into high-octane liquid products called reformates, which 
are premium blending stocks for high-octane gasoline. 
CCS 
Current cost of supplies. 
CEE or Central and Eastern Europe 
A geographical area which includes the following countries: Albania, Bosnia and Herzegovina, 
Bulgaria, Croatia, Czech Republic, Estonia, Hungary, Kosovo, Latvia, Lithuania, Republic of North 
Macedonia, Moldova, Montenegro, Poland, Romania, Serbia, Slovakia, Slovenia and Turkey. 
Coker 
A coker or coker unit is an oil refinery processing unit that converts the residual oil from the vacuum 
distillation column or the atmospheric distillation column into low molecular weight hydrocarbon gases, 
naphtha, light and heavy gas oils, and petroleum coke. The process thermally cracks the long chain 
hydrocarbon molecules in the residual oil feed into shorter chain molecules leaving behind the excess 
carbon in the form of petroleum coke. 
Condensate 
Liquid hydrocarbons of very light crude oil composition that occur as a gas under subsurface reservoir 
conditions (high temperature and high pressure) and condense into a liquid upon production and surface 
conditions. 
Crack spread 
The difference between product’s international quoted price and the actual market crude oil price. 
Cracking 
Collective noun for operations and technologies aimed at the production of a mixture of lighter 
hydrocarbons (having a lower boiling point) by cracking longer carbon chains (through splitting carbon 
bonds) of heavier hydrocarbon molecules. Cracking can be purely a thermal process as well as catalytic 
(in this case, the cracking process is promoted by using catalysts). One of the most important methods 
of modern mineral oil processing is a cracking process, promoted by using catalysts, at a temperature 
of 480°C to 540°C, during which hard distillates and distillate residues are used to produce ‘high grade’ 
motor oil, while other malleable gases arise. 
Dated Brent 
Platts Dated Brent is the world’s leading benchmark assessment of the value of physical, light North 
Sea crude oil. It refers to physical cargoes of crude oil in the North Sea that have been assigned specific

--- Page 222 ---
222 
 
 
delivery dates. It is used as a benchmark pricing reference for transactions involving crude, refined 
products and other commodities. 
Desulphurisation 
Removal and processing of sulphur, hydrogen sulphide, carbonyl sulphide, mercaptans, and carbon 
dioxide. the process of removing sulphur and carbon dioxide during the production operations of oil 
and natural gas, natural gas processing, LNG transport, and crude oil refining and transportation.  
Feedstock 
Any raw material. 
Field development 
The process of implementing underground and overground facilities necessary for the recovery of 
hydrocarbon reserves. 
Fuel oil 
Fuel oil or heavy oil is a fraction obtained from petroleum distillation, either as a distillate or a residue. 
Heavy oils from the oil refining process, used as fuel for power stations, industry, marine boilers etc.  
Gasoil 
European designation for No. 2 heating oil and diesel fuel.  
GDP 
Gross Domestic Product. 
HDPE 
High-density polyethylene. 
HSE 
Health, Safety and Environment. 
IFRS 3 
IFRS 3 business combinations outlines the accounting when an acquirer obtains control of a business 
(e.g. an acquisition or merger). Such business combinations are accounted for using the ‘acquisition 
method’, which generally requires assets acquired and liabilities assumed to be measured at their fair 
values at the acquisition date.  
JET-A1 
Kerosene-type; quality kerosene product used primarily as fuel for commercial turbojet and turboprop 
aircraft engines.  
Kbpd 
Thousand Barrels Per Day

--- Page 223 ---
223 
 
 
kt 
Kilo tons (1000 tons), measuring unit. 
Lead  
A potential accumulation that is currently poorly defined and requires more data acquisition and/or 
evaluation in order to be classified as a prospect. 
LDPE  
Low-density polyethylene. LDPE4 is the name one of the units in Bratislava refinery. 
LNG (Liquefied Natural Gas) 
Liquefied Natural Gas, Natural gas that is liquefied through cooling for more efficient and cost effective 
transportation purposes.  
LPG (Liquefied Propane Gas) 
Hydrocarbon gas compound mainly consisting of propane and butane, liquefied under high pressure, 
which is sold in cylinders for household purposes. The motoric usage of LPG has recently increased. 
This fuel is known as “autogas”.  
LTI (Lost Time Injury) 
A personal injury which results in the injured being unfit for work at least one shift following the day 
of the injury. Fatality is also considered as LTI. This measurement applies to MOL employees, the 
employees of contractors and fuel station staff. 
LTIF (Lost Time Injury Frequency) 
The number of LTIs per 1 million hours worked. This measurement applies MOL employees, 
employees of contractors and fuel station staff. 
Maleic anhydride 
Maleic anhydride is an organic compound with the formula C2H2(CO)2O. It is the acid anhydride of 
maleic acid. It is a colorless or white solid with an acrid odor. It is produced industrially on a large scale 
for applications in coatings and polymers. 
mboepd 
Thousand barrels of oil equivalent per day. 
Middle distillate 
A general classification of fuels that includes heating oil, diesel fuel and kerosene. 
MMbpd 
Million barrels per day.

--- Page 224 ---
224 
 
 
MMboe 
Million barrels of crude oil equivalent. 
Monomers 
Basic compounds of polyolefins (plastics, rubbers) and basic elements (links) of polyolefin chains in 
high-molecular-weight materials. Nowadays, the most important monomers, the basic petrochemicals, 
are short-chained olefins (ethylene, propylene, and butadiene) along with their simple derivatives, and 
the simplest aromatic compound: benzene. Primary sources of all these monomers are the olefin plants. 
mtpa 
Million tons per annum. 
Naphtha 
Naphtha is a flammable liquid made from distilling petroleum. It looks like gasoline. Naphtha is used 
to dilute heavy oil to help move it through pipelines, to make high-octane gas, to make lighter fluid, 
and even to clean metal. Naphtha is a liquid hydrocarbon mixture that is extremely flammable and 
volatile. It is most usually desulphurised and then catalytically reformed, which re-arranges or re-
structures the hydrocarbon molecules in the naphtha as well as breaking some of the molecules into 
smaller molecules to produce a high-octane component of gasoline (or petrol).  
NCI (Nelson Complexity Index) 
The Nelson Complexity Index, developed by Wilbur Nelson in 1960, is a measure of the secondary 
conversion capacity of a petroleum refinery relative to the primary distillation capacity. 
Oil plays 
A prospective trend of potential prospects, but which requires more data acquisition and/or evaluation 
in order to define specific leads or prospects. 
Olefin 
This is the collective noun for open-chained hydrocarbons including unsaturated double carbon-carbon 
bond(s). The simplest representatives of these compounds, ethylene and propylene, are basic 
petrochemicals. The most important asset in olefin production is the steam cracker (olefin plant), which 
converts naphtha, chemical gasoil and other light hydrocarbons to key products such as ethylene and 
propylene by cracking and dehydrogenation. 
Pentane 
Pentane is an organic compound with the formula C5H12, an alkane with five carbon atoms. Pentanes 
are components of some fuels and are employed as specialty solvents in the laboratory. 
Polyethylene 
This is a kind of thermoplastic produced by polymerisation of ethylene. Currently, polyethylene has the 
largest share among commodity plastics. Parametres (such as pressure, temperature, applied additives 
and catalysts) of industrial processes relating to the production of polyethylene show significant 
differences, and consequently a wide range of products with different characteristics can be produced. 
All of them can be classified into two groups according to their density: LDPE and HDPE. There are

--- Page 225 ---
225 
 
 
significant differences at the molecular level: LDPE shows inordinate structure, a mixture of heavily-
branched components resulting in softer, more flexible material, while HDPE is a denser, harder and 
stronger (with higher-tensile strength) plastic due to its more structured hydrocarbon chains. 
Polyolefins 
This is a collective noun for thermoplastics produced by polymerisation (polyaddition) of olefin 
monomers (e.g. ethylene and propylene). The most important commodity plastics, polyethylene and 
polypropylene, belong to this class. 
The Group’s polyolefin products are unimodal and bimodal HDPE, LDPE and polypropylene (homo-, 
random- and copolymers and PP). 
Polyethylenes are used for blown film (e.g. plastic bottles) as well as for undergarments for wetsuits. 
Polyolefin elastomer polyethylene is used as a main ingredient in moulded flexible foam technology 
such as is used in the fabrication of self-skinned footwear, seat cushions, armrests and spa pillows. 
Polypropylene (PP) 
A thermoplastic produced by polymerisation of propylene. It has a significant – and increasing – share 
among commodity plastics. Parametres (such as pressure, temperature, applied additives and catalysts) 
of industrial processes relating to PP production show significant differences, and consequently a wide 
range of products with different characteristics can be produced. The addition of ethylene into the 
polymerisation process as a co-monomer leads to PP copolymers. PP can be used in a wide variety of 
applications. It has good resistance to heat and low water absorption. 
Possible Reserves 
Possible Reserves are those additional reserves which analysis of geoscience and engineering data 
suggest are less likely to be recoverable than Probable Reserves. The total quantities ultimately 
recovered from the project have a low probability to exceed the sum of 2P plus Possible (3P) Reserves, 
which is equivalent to the high estimate scenario. In this context, when probabilistic methods are used, 
there should be at least a 10 per cent. probability that the actual quantities recovered will equal or exceed 
the 3P estimate. 
Prospect  
A potential accumulation that is sufficiently well defined to represent a viable drilling target. 
Probable Reserve 
Probable Reserves are those additional Reserves which analysis of geoscience and engineering data 
indicate are less likely to be recovered than Proved Reserves but more certain to be recovered than 
Possible Reserves. It is equally likely that actual remaining quantities recovered will be greater than or 
less than the sum of the estimated 2P. In this context, when probabilistic methods are used, there should 
be at least a 50 per cent. probability that the actual quantities recovered will equal or exceed the 2P 
estimate.  
Production Sharing Agreement  
Agreement for sharing the production of an oil field or a gas field between a government and investors 
who hold the production licence for the field.

--- Page 226 ---
226 
 
 
Prospective Resource 
Those quantities of petroleum estimated, as of a given date, to be potentially recoverable from 
undiscovered accumulations by application of future development projects. Prospective Resources have 
both an associated chance of discovery and a chance of development. Prospective Resources are further 
subdivided in accordance with the level of certainty associated with recoverable estimates assuming 
their discovery and development and may be subclassified based on project maturity. 
Proved Reserve 
Proved Reserves are those quantities of petroleum, which, by analysis of geoscience and engineering 
data, can be estimated with reasonable certainty to be commercially recoverable, from a given date 
forward, from known reservoirs and under defined economic conditions, operating methods, and 
government regulations. If deterministic methods are used, the term reasonable certainty is intended to 
express a high degree of confidence that the quantities will be recovered. If probabilistic methods are 
used, there should be at least a 90 per cent. probability that the quantities actually recovered will equal 
or exceed the estimate. 
PSE (Process Safety Event) 
Any unintended release of material or energy (e.g. fire, explosion, implosion, LOPC) from production, 
distribution, storage or utility processes. 
Refinery complexity – NCI 
Refinery complexity is a measure of the white product yield that can be achieved from one barrel of 
crude oil. The more complex the refinery, the higher the white product yield is from the same quality 
crude oil. One of the best measures for complexity is the NCI, which calculates complexity from a range 
of refinery plants and from the ratio of their capacity to distillation capacity. 
Reserve 
Those quantities of petroleum anticipated to be commercially recoverable by application of 
development projects to known accumulations from a given date forward under defined conditions. 
Reserves must further satisfy four criteria: they must be discovered, recoverable, commercial, and 
remaining (as of the evaluation date) based on the development project(s) applied. Reserves are further 
categorised in accordance with the level of certainty associated with the estimates and may be sub‐
classified based on project maturity and/or characterised by development and production status. 
Rubber Bitumen 
Rubber bitumen is a binder material used in the road construction industry and is produced from 
bitumen. More specifically, it is derived from rubber crumbs from scrap tires and from small volumes 
of other raw materials. According to the related ASTM-D 6114 standard the minimum rubber content 
of the product should be 15per cent.  
A binder in hot mix bitumen and chip seal applications that results from the proper addition of crumb 
rubber to hot bitumen and then left in a heated state to react. Bitumen: A tar-like substance found in 
many crude oils and a substance obtained by oil refining. Bitumen is semi solid at normal temperatures. 
It is used for surfacing or paving roads and waterproofing roofs.

--- Page 227 ---
227 
 
 
Steam Cracker (olefin plant) 
Technology for the production of key basic petrochemical products (olefins such as ethylene and 
propylene and aromatics such as benzene, toluene and xylene), on the basis of thermal decomposition 
(cracking) and dehydrogenation of petrochemical feedstocks (naphtha and chemical gasoil) produced 
by the refineries or lighter saturated hydrocarbons (ethane, propane and butane), in each case in the 
presence of steam. The main products of the process (ethylene and propylene) are the raw materials of 
polyethylene and polypropylene production, while the by-products can be widely used in the organic 
chemical industry, plastics and rubber production or as gasoline-blending components. 
Sulphur 
Sulphur is a non-metallic chemical element belonging to the oxygen group (Group 16 [VIa] of the 
periodic table), one of the most reactive of the elements. Pure sulphur is a tasteless, odourless, brittle 
solid that is pale yellow in colour, a poor conductor of electricity, and insoluble in water. It reacts with 
all metals except gold and platinum, forming sulphides; it also forms compounds with several non-
metallic elements. 
Transit 
Gas transmission through a pipeline, which crosses the border of one member of the EEA with its 
starting or end-point being outside the EEA. 
TRIR (Total Reportable Incident Rate)  
The number of TRI per 1 million hours worked. This measurement applies to MOL employees, 
employees of contractors and fuel station staff. 
Urals 
Urals oil is a reference oil brand used as a basis for pricing of the Russian export oil mixture. It is a mix 
of heavy sour oil of Urals and the Volga region with light oil of Western Siberia. Other reference oils 
are Brent, West Texas Intermediate and Dubai. 
Visbreaker 
A visbreaker is a processing unit in an oil refinery with the purpose of reducing the quantity of residual 
oil produced in the distillation of crude oil and to increase the yield of more valuable middle distillates 
(heating oil and diesel) by the refinery. A visbreaker thermally cracks large hydrocarbon molecules in 
the oil by heating in a furnace to reduce its viscosity and to produce small quantities of light 
hydrocarbons (LPG and gasoline). The process name of “visbreaker” refers to the fact that the process 
reduces (i.e. breaks) the viscosity of the residual oil. The process is non-catalytic. 
White products 
Liquid light and middle distillates (gasolines, gas oils and jet fuel/kerosene) produced from crude oil 
processing.

--- Page 228 ---
228 
 
 
ISSUER 
MOL Group Finance Zrt. 
Dombóvári út 28. 
1117 Budapest 
Hungary 
 
ISSUER AND GUARANTOR 
MOL Hungarian Oil and Gas Public Limited Company 
Dombóvári út 28. 
1117 Budapest 
Hungary 
TRUSTEE 
Citicorp Trustee Company Limited 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT AND TRANSFER AGENT 
Citibank N.A., London Branch 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
REGISTRAR 
Citibank Europe plc 
First Floor 
1 North Wall Quay 
Dublin 
Ireland

--- Page 229 ---
229 
 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuers and the Guarantor as to English 
law 
To the Issuers and the Guarantor as to 
Hungarian law 
Allen & Overy LLP 
Allen & Overy Kádár Ügyvédi Iroda 
London E1 6AD 
Alkotás út 55-61. 
 
1123 Budapest 
 
Hungary 
To the Dealers and the Trustee as to English 
law 
To the Dealers as to Hungarian law 
Ashurst LLP 
Andrékó Ferenczi Kinstellar Ügyvédi Iroda 
London Fruit & Wool Exchange 
Széchenyi rkp. 3 
1 Duval Square 
1054 Budapest 
London E1 6PW 
Hungary 
United Kingdom 
 
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS TO THE GUARANTOR 
For the financial year 
ended 31 December 2021 
For the financial year ended 31 
December 2022 
For the financial year 
commencing on 1 January 
2023 
Ernst & Young Kft. 
PwC Könyvvizsgáló Kft. 
Deloitte Auditing and 
Consulting Ltd. 
Váci út 20. 
1132 Budapest 
Hungary 
Bajcsy-Zsilinszky út 78. 
1055 Budapest 
Hungary 
Dózsa György út 84/C 
1068 Budapest 
Hungary 
DEALERS 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Erste Group Bank AG 
Reuterweg 16 
Am Belvedere 1 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
1100 Vienna 
Germany 
Austria 
SMBC Bank EU AG 
UniCredit Bank AG 
Neue Mainzer Straße 52-58 
Arabellastrasse 12 
60311 Frankfurt 
81925 Munich 
Germany 
Germany 
LISTING AGENT 
 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited 
Ten Earlsfort Terrace 
Dublin 2 
Ireland