--- Page 1 ---
10223680081-v22 
- i - 
70-41030080 
 
BASE PROSPECTUS FOR SECURED NOTE PROGRAMME 
21 April 2023 
MORGAN STANLEY & CO. INTERNATIONAL plc 
as issuer 
(incorporated with limited liability in England and Wales) 
Up to U.S.$ 5,000,000,000 Secured Note Programme 
 
Under the programme (the "Programme") described in this base prospectus, Morgan Stanley & Co. 
International plc ("MSI plc" or the "Issuer") may offer from time to time notes (the "Notes"). 
References herein to "this Base Prospectus" shall, where applicable, be deemed to be references to this Base 
Prospectus (as defined below) as supplemented or amended from time to time. To the extent not set forth 
in this Base Prospectus, the specific terms of any Notes will be included in the appropriate Issue Terms (as 
defined below). 
The Issuer is offering the Notes on a continuing basis (in such capacity, the "Dealer") and through any 
dealer that has agreed to subscribe and/or distribute any Tranche of Notes (together with the Dealer, the 
"Dealers").  The Dealers may resell any Notes as principal at prevailing market prices, or at other prices, 
as they determine.  The Issuer or the Dealers may reject any offer to purchase Notes, in whole or in part.  
See "Subscription and Sale" beginning on page 156. 
Any person (an "Investor") intending to acquire or acquiring any securities from any person (an 
"Offeror") should be aware that, in the context of an offer to the public as defined in section 102B of 
the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 ("FSMA"), the Issuer may be responsible to the 
Investor for the Base Prospectus under section 90 of FSMA only if the Issuer has authorised that 
Offeror to make the offer to the Investor. Each Investor should therefore enquire whether the Offeror 
is so authorised by the Issuer. If the Offeror is not authorised by the Issuer, the Investor should check 
with the Offeror whether anyone is responsible for the Base Prospectus for the purposes of section 
90 of FSMA in the context of the offer to the public, and, if so, who that person is. If the Investor is 
in any doubt about whether it can rely on the Base Prospectus and/or who is responsible for its 
contents it should take legal advice. 
An Investor intending to acquire or acquiring any securities from an Offeror will do so, and offers 
and sales of the securities to an Investor by an Offeror will be made, in accordance with any terms 
and other arrangements in place between such Offeror and such Investor including as to price, 
allocations and settlement arrangements. The Issuer will not be a party to any such arrangements 
with Investors (other than Dealers) in connection with the offer or sale of the securities and, 
accordingly, this Base Prospectus and any Issue Terms will not contain such information and an 
Investor must obtain such information from the Offeror. Information in relation to an offer to the 
public will be made available at the time such sub-offer is made, and such information will also be 
provided by the relevant Offeror. 
This base prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland (the "Central Bank"), as competent 
authority under Regulation EU 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation"). The Central Bank only approves 
this base prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed 
by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer nor 
as an endorsement to the quality of any Notes that are the subject of this base prospectus (the "Base 
Prospectus"). Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in such Notes. 
Application has been made to the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin ("Euronext 
Dublin") for the Notes issued under the Programme within 12 months of this Base Prospectus to be 
admitted to the official list (the "Official List") and trading on its regulated market (the "Regulated 
Market"). The Regulated Market is a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU (the 
"MiFID II "). No assurance can be given that any such application will be successful.  Such approval relates 
only to the Notes issued under the Programme which are to be admitted to trading on the regulated market 
of Euronext Dublin or other regulated markets for the purposes of MiFID II or which are to be offered to 
the public in any Member State of the European Economic Area.

--- Page 2 ---
10223680081-v22 
- ii - 
70-41030080 
 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, any Notes issued under the Programme which are to be admitted to trading 
on the Regulated Market or other regulated market for the purposes of the MiFID II or which are to be 
offered to the public in any Member State of the European Economic Area will be admitted to trading or 
offered by way of a drawdown prospectus (being a prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation) (each a "Drawdown Prospectus") and not by way of final terms (as such term is understood 
for the purposes of Article 8(2) of the Prospectus Regulation). 
Notes may or may not be rated. Any credit rating applied for in relation to an issue of Notes will be specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms.  Whether or not such credit ratings applied for will be issued by a credit 
rating agency established in the European Union and registered under Regulation 1060/2009 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 16 September 2009 on credit rating agencies (as amended, the 
"CRA Regulation") will be disclosed in the applicable Issue Terms.  In general, European regulated 
investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit 
rating agency established in the European Economic Area (the "EEA")  and registered under the CRA 
Regulation unless (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency operating in theEEA before 7 June 
2010 which has submitted an application for registration in accordance with the CRA Regulation and such 
registration has not been refused, or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in 
the EEA but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the CRA 
Regulation, or (3) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA which is 
certified under the CRA Regulation. 
The aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding issued under the Programme shall not at any time 
exceed U.S.$ 5,000,000,000. 
The Notes will be governed by the laws of England and Wales. 
The language of this Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have 
been cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them 
under applicable law. 
MIFID II product governance/target market 
The Issue Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled “MiFID II Product Governance” 
which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution 
of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
"distributor") should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to 
MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "MiFID Product Governance Rules"), 
any dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither 
dealer(s) nor any of its respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MIFID Product 
Governance Rules. 
UK MIFIR product governance/target market 
The Issue Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" 
which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution 
of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
"distributor") should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to 
the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
(by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules, any dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, 
but otherwise neither dealer(s) nor any of its respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of 
the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules.

--- Page 3 ---
10223680081-v22 
- iii - 
70-41030080 
 
Investing in the Notes involves risks.  See "Risk Factors Relating to the Notes" beginning on page 1 of 
this Base Prospectus. 
THE NOTES HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE UNITED 
STATES SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE "SECURITIES ACT"), OR THE 
SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE IN THE UNITED STATES.  THE NOTES MAY NOT BE 
OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED, ASSIGNED, DELIVERED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED, 
EXERCISED OR REDEEMED AT ANY TIME, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, WITHIN THE 
UNITED STATES OR TO OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF U.S. PERSONS (AS 
DEFINED IN REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT).  SEE "SUBSCRIPTION AND 
SALE" AND "NO OWNERSHIP BY U.S. PERSONS". 
Each investor must comply with all applicable laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction 
in or from which the investor purchases, offers, sells or delivers the Notes or has in the investor's 
possession or distributes this Base Prospectus or any accompanying Issue Terms or Drawdown 
Prospectus. 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - If the Issue Terms in respect of any Notes includes a 
legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA  Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended, to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of:  
(i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended ("MiFID 
II");  
(ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97 (the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID 
II; or  
(iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation.  
Consequently, if the Issue Terms in respect of any Notes include a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to 
EEA Retail Investors”, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the 
"PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the EEA has been or will be prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – UK PRIIPs/UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Issue Terms in respect of any Notes 
includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who 
is one (or more) of: 
(A) a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of 
“retained EU law”, as defined in the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "EUWA"); or 
(B) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 
(“FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of “retained EU law”, as defined in the EUWA; or 
(C) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of 
“retained EU law”, as defined in the EUWA. 
Consequently, if the Issue Terms in respect of any Notes include a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to 
UK Retail Investors”, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms 
part of “retained EU law” as defined in the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been or will be prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK 
may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.

--- Page 4 ---
10223680081-v22 
- iv - 
70-41030080 
 
 
Benchmarks Regulation 
Amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to certain indices or price sources, 
including (i) the Euro Interbank Offered Rate ("EURIBOR"), (ii) the London Interbank Offered Rate. (iii) 
SOFR (as defined in Condition 2.1 (Interpretation)), (iv) SOFR Index (as defined in Condition 7.7(iv)), (v) 
SONIA (as defined in Condition 2.1(Interpretation)), (vi) SONIA Index (as defined in Condition 
7.8(iv)(Provisions specific to SONIA as Reference Rate)), (vii) €STR (as defined in Condition 
2.1(Interpretation)), (viii) €STR Index (as defined in Condition 7.9(iv))(Provisions specific to €STR as 
Reference Rate)), (ix) SARON (as defined in Condition 2.1(Interpretation)), (x) SAION Index (as defined 
in Condition 7.10(iv)(Provisions specific to SARON as Reference Rate)), (xi) TONA (as defined in 
Condition 2.1(Interpretation)), (xii) TONA Index (as defined in Condition 7.11(iv)(Provisions specific to 
TONA as Reference Rate)) or (xiii) one or more other specific indices or price sources or a combination of 
indices or price sources.  
EURIBOR is provided by the European Money Markets Institute ("EMMI"). As at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, EMMI appears on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained 
by the European Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") pursuant to Article 36 of Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the Council on indices used as benchmarks in financial 
instruments and financial contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds (the “Benchmarks 
Regulation”). 
LIBOR is provided by the ICE Benchmark Administration Limited ("ICE"). As at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, ICE does not appear on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation. As far as the Issuer is aware, 
the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the Benchmarks Regulation apply, such that EU supervised 
entities can use third-country benchmarks that have not been qualified for use in the EU. 
SOFR and SOFR Index are provided by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (the “New York Federal 
Reserve”). As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the New York Federal Reserve does not appear on the 
register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of 
the Benchmarks Regulation. 
SONIA and SONIA Index are provided by the Bank of England. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the 
Bank of England does not appear on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation. 
€STR and €STR Index are provided by the European Central Bank. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, 
the European Central Bank does not appear on the register of administrators and benchmarks established 
and maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation. 
TONA is provided by the Bank of Japan. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Bank of Japan does not 
appear on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to 
Article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation. 
As far as the Issuer is aware the New York Federal Reserve as administrator of SOFR and SOFR Index, 
the Bank of England as administrator of SONIA and SONIA Index, the European Central Bank as 
administrator of €STR and €STR Index and the Bank of Japan as administrator of TONA are not required 
to be registered by virtue of Article 2 of the Benchmarks Regulation. 
SARON and SAION Index are provided by SIX Index AG and are endorsed for use in the European Union 
by SIX Financial Information Nordic AB. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, SIX Financial Information 
Nordic AB appears on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA 
pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation. 
TONA Index is provided by QUICK Corp. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, QUICK Corp. does not 
appear on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to 
Article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation. As far as the Issuer is aware, the transitional provisions in Article 
51 of the Benchmarks Regulation apply, such that QUICK Corp. is not currently required to obtain 
authorisation or registration (or, if located outside the European Union, recognition, endorsement or 
equivalence).

--- Page 5 ---
10223680081-v22 
- v - 
70-41030080 
 
Similarly, any other index or price source by reference to which amounts payable under the Notes are 
calculated may also constitute a “benchmark” for the purposes of the Benchmarks Regulation. 
 
In cases where amounts payable under the Notes are calculated by reference to one or more indices or price 
sources that is not one of LIBOR, EURIBOR, SOFR, SOFR Index, SONIA, SONIA Index, €STR, €STR 
Index, SARON, SAION Index, TONA or a TONA Index, the relevant Issue Terms will specify: 
• 
the name of each index or price source so referenced; 
• 
the legal name of the administrator of each such index or price source; and 
• 
whether or not the legal name of the administrator of each such index or price source appears on 
the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to 
Article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation at the date of the relevant Issue Terms. 
Not every index or price source will fall within the scope of the Benchmarks Regulation. Furthermore, 
where an index or price source does fall within the scope of the Benchmarks Regulation, the transitional 
provisions in Article 51 or the provision of Article 2 of the Benchmarks Regulation may apply, such that 
the administrator of such index or price source is not at the date of the relevant Issue Terms required to 
obtain authorisation/registration (or, if located outside the European Union, recognition, endorsement or 
equivalence). 
The registration status of any administrator under the Benchmarks Regulation is a matter of public record 
and, save where required by applicable law, the relevant Issuer does not intend to update the relevant Issue 
Terms to reflect any change in the registration status of the administrator. 
PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 309B OF THE SECURITIES AND 
FUTURES ACT (CHAPTER 289 OF SINGAPORE) 
The Issue Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "Singapore Securities and 
Futures Act Product Classification" which will state the product classification of the Notes pursuant 
to section 309B(1) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore (the "SFA"). The 
Issuer will make a determination and provide the appropriate written notification to "relevant 
persons" in relation to each issue about the classification of the Notes being offered for purposes of 
section 309B(1)(a) and section 309B(1)(c) of the SFA. 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for information contained in this Base Prospectus.  To the best of 
the Issuer's knowledge, the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the 
facts and this Base Prospectus makes no omission likely to affect its import.   
The previous paragraph should be read in conjunction with paragraph 4 on page (i) of this Base 
Prospectus. 
No person has been authorised by the Issuer to give any information or to make any representation 
not contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, and, if given or made, that 
information or representation should not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer.  
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes will, in any 
circumstances, create any implication that the information contained in this Base Prospectus is true 
subsequent to the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently 
amended or supplemented or that there has been no adverse change in the financial situation of the 
Issuer since the date hereof or, as the case may be, the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been 
most recently amended or supplemented or the balance sheet date of the most recent financial 
statements which have been incorporated into this Base Prospectus by way of a supplement to this 
Base Prospectus, or that any other information supplied from time to time is correct at any time 
subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document 
containing the same.  Investors should review, inter alia, the most recent financial statements of the 
Issuer when evaluating any Notes or an investment therein (such financial statements shall not form 
a part of this Base Prospectus unless they have been expressly incorporated herein, including by way 
of a supplement to this Base Prospectus).

--- Page 6 ---
10223680081-v22 
- vi - 
70-41030080 
 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering, sale and delivery of Notes in certain 
jurisdictions may be restricted by law.  Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus comes are 
required by the Issuer to inform themselves about and to observe those restrictions. 
Subject to the applicable Issue Terms, the Issuer does not intend to provide post-issuance information 
in respect of the Notes. 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed with any amendment or supplement thereto and 
with any other documents incorporated by reference therein. 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of or an invitation to subscribe for or purchase any 
Notes and should not be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer that any recipient of this Base 
Prospectus should subscribe for or purchase any Notes. Each recipient of this Base Prospectus will 
be taken to have made its own investigation and appraisal of the condition (financial or otherwise) of 
the Issuer and of the particular terms of any offered Notes. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Issue Terms may be used for the purpose of an offer or 
solicitation by anyone in any jurisdiction in which that offer or solicitation is not authorised or to any 
person to whom it is unlawful to make such an offer or solicitation. 
All references in this Base Prospectus to "Sterling" and "£" are to the lawful currency of the United 
Kingdom, all references to "U.S. dollars", "U.S.$" and "$" are to the lawful currency of the United 
States of America, all references to "Japanese Yen" and "¥" are to the lawful currency of Japan, all 
references to "Australian dollars" and "AUD" are to the lawful currency of the Commonwealth of 
Australia, all references to "New Zealand dollars" and "NZD" are to the lawful currency of New 
Zealand, and all references to "euro", "€" and "EUR" are to the single currency introduced at the 
start of the third stage of the European Economic and Monetary Union pursuant to the Treaty 
establishing the European Union, as amended (the "Treaty"). 
IN MAKING AN INVESTMENT DECISION, INVESTORS MUST RELY ON THEIR OWN 
EXAMINATION OF THE ISSUER AND THE TERMS OF THE OFFERING, INCLUDING THE 
MERITS AND RISKS INVOLVED.  THE NOTES HAVE NOT BEEN RECOMMENDED BY ANY 
UNITED STATES FEDERAL OR STATE SECURITIES COMMISSION OR REGULATORY 
AUTHORITY.  
FURTHERMORE, 
THE 
FOREGOING 
AUTHORITIES 
HAVE 
NOT 
CONFIRMED THE ACCURACY OR DETERMINED THE ADEQUACY OF THIS DOCUMENT.  
ANY REPRESENTATION TO THE CONTRARY IS A CRIMINAL OFFENCE. 
IMPORTANT NOTICE 
Investor suitability 
Investment in the Notes is only suitable for investors who: 
(i) 
have sufficient knowledge, experience and access to professional advisers to make their own legal, 
tax, accounting and financial evaluation of the merits and risks of investment in such Notes and 
consider the suitability of such Notes as an investment in light of their own circumstances and 
financial condition and that of any accounts for which they are acting; 
(ii) 
are capable of bearing the economic risk of an investment in the Notes; 
(iii) 
are acquiring the Notes for investment purposes, either for their own account or for the account of 
an investor for whom they are acting and who is acquiring the Notes for investment purposes, not 
with a view to resale, distribution or other disposition of the Notes; and 
(iv) 
recognise that it may not be possible to dispose of the Notes for a substantial period of time, if at 
all, as the Notes may be illiquid and not readily realisable. 
None of the Issuer, any Dealer, the Trustee, nor any other party to any Issue Document is providing legal 
or tax advice to investors. Each prospective purchaser of Notes must determine, based on its own 
independent review (including as to the financial condition and affairs and its own appraisal of the 
creditworthiness of the Issuer) and such professional advice (including, without limitation, tax, accounting, 
credit, legal and regulatory advice) as it deems appropriate under the circumstances, whether an investment

--- Page 7 ---
10223680081-v22 
- vii - 
70-41030080 
 
in the Notes is appropriate in its particular circumstances, having regard to factors such as (without 
limitation) its or its beneficiary's (if acquiring the Notes for the account of an investor for whom they are 
acting) financial needs, objectives and conditions, its applicable investment policies, guidelines and 
restrictions, the risks inherent in investing in the Notes and the consequences of purchasing, owning or 
transfer of any Notes (including whether any acquisitions of the Notes by a prospective investor complies 
with any law, regulation or regulatory policy applicable to it). 
This Base Prospectus is not intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation nor should it be 
considered as a recommendation or constituting an invitation or offer that any recipient of this Base 
Prospectus should purchase any Notes.

--- Page 8 ---
10223680081-v22 
 
70-41030080 
 
CONTENTS 
 
Page 
KEY FEATURES OF THE NOTES ....................................................................................................... 1 
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE NOTES .................................................................................. 11 
DISCLAIMERS ................................................................................................................................... 33 
INCORPORATION BY REFERENCE ................................................................................................. 35 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER ........................................................................................................ 38 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ................................................................................... 39 
PRO FORMA ISSUE TERMS FOR THE NOTES .............................................................................. 105 
THE ELIGIBLE COLLATERAL ....................................................................................................... 137 
FORMS OF NOTES........................................................................................................................... 144 
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM ............ 147 
BENEFIT PLAN INVESTORS .......................................................................................................... 149 
UNITED KINGDOM TAXATION..................................................................................................... 150 
UNITED STATES FEDERAL TAXATION ....................................................................................... 152 
PROPOSED FINANCIAL TRANSACTION TAX ............................................................................. 153 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ............................................................................................................ 154 
NO OWNERSHIP BY U.S. PERSONS .............................................................................................. 162 
GENERAL INFORMATION ............................................................................................................. 163 
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS .......................................................................................................... 165

--- Page 9 ---
10223680081-v22 
- 1 - 
70-41030080 
 
KEY FEATURES OF THE NOTES 
 
 
The following overview describes the key features of the Notes that each Issuer is offering 
under the Programme in general terms only.  Investors should read the overview together 
with the more detailed information that is contained in this Base Prospectus and in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
 
Issuer .................................... 
MSI plc 
 
Dealers .................................. 
MSI plc and any other dealer that has agreed to subscribe 
for and/or distribute any Tranche of Notes. 
 
Principal Paying Agent ......... 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch. 
 
Registrar 
and 
Transfer 
Agent ..................................... 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, a credit 
institution organised and existing under the laws of 
Belgium, with company number 0806.743.159, whose 
registered office is at 46 Rue Montoyer, B-1000 Brussels, 
Belgium, acting through its Luxembourg Branch located 
in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg at Vertigo Building – 
Polaris, 2-4 Rue Eugène Ruppert, L-2453 Luxembourg, 
registered with the RCS under number B 105087. 
 
Trustee .................................. 
BNY Mellon Corporate Trustee Services Limited 
 
Custodians ............................ 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch (the 
"Custodian").  Any additional custodian may be 
appointed by the Trustee (with the consent of the Issuer) 
to hold Posted Collateral in respect of a Series of Notes, 
as specified in the applicable Issue Terms (each an 
"Additional Custodian" and together with the Custodian, 
the "Custodians") 
 
Programme Amount ............. 
U.S.$ 5,000,000,000 or the equivalent amount thereof in 
other currencies.  The maximum aggregate amount of 
Notes permitted to be outstanding at any one time under 
this Programme may be increased from time to time. 
 
Issuance in Series .................. 
Notes will be issued in series (each, a "Series").  Each 
Series may comprise one or more tranches ("Tranches" 
and each, a "Tranche") issued on different issue dates.  
The Notes of each Series will all be subject to identical 
terms, except that the issue date and the amount of the first 
payment of interest may be different in respect of different 
Tranches and each Series may comprise Notes of different 
denominations.  The Notes of each Tranche will all be 
subject to identical terms in all respects save that a 
Tranche may comprise Notes of different denominations. 
 
Status .................................... 
Notes will be secured, direct and general obligations of the 
Issuer. 
 
Security ................................. 
In respect of each Series of Notes, the Issuer will grant 
security in favour of the Trustee over the Posted Collateral 
(as defined below) and certain other assets to secure its 
obligations in relation to the Notes, as specified in the 
Supplemental Trust Deed in relation to such Series of

--- Page 10 ---
10223680081-v22 
- 2 - 
70-41030080 
 
Notes and/or under any additional security document, as 
described in the applicable Issue Terms.   
Eligible 
Collateral 
and 
Posted Collateral .................. 
In respect of each Series of Notes, the Issuer will provide 
collateral in respect of such Series, which may be any of 
or any combination of: 
(i) 
cash in any Eligible Currency specified in Part C 
(the "Collateral Schedule") of the applicable 
Issue Terms; 
(ii) 
any common shares or stock, preference shares or 
stock, convertible common shares or stock, 
convertible preference shares or stock, American 
depositary receipts, global depositary receipts, 
warrants or any other type of asset which 
represents a share of an equity interest in an 
entity, as further specified in the applicable 
Collateral Schedule ("Equity Securities") which 
may be Equity Securities which are component 
shares of an Eligible Index (as defined in the 
section of this Base Prospectus headed "The 
Eligible 
Collateral") 
or 
unlisted 
Equity 
Securities, (other than the EM Collateral that are 
Equity Securities) that meets the Equity 
Eligibility Criteria specified in the Collateral 
Schedule of the applicable Issue Terms (the 
"Equity Collateral"); 
(iii) 
any bonds, notes, commercial paper, deposits or 
certificates as further described in the section of 
this Base Prospectus headed "The Eligible 
Collateral" ("Debt Securities") (other than the 
EM Collateral that are Debt Securities or any 
Asset Backed Securities) which may be listed or 
unlisted and secured or unsecured that meets the 
Debt Eligibility Criteria specified in the 
Collateral Schedule of the applicable Issue Terms 
(the "Debt Collateral"); 
(iv) 
any Debt Security where the timing and/or 
amount of payments of interest and/or repayment 
of principal depend on the cash flow from a 
financial asset or a pool of financial assets; or 
payments of interest and/or repayment of 
principal are linked, directly or indirectly, to the 
credit of one or more obligors and/or value and/or 
price performance and/or cash flow of a financial 
asset or a pool of financial assets, and, in each 
case, by its terms may pay an amount in cash to 
its holder within a finite time period, and/or with 
such other rights or assets designed to assure the 
servicing or timely distribution of proceeds to 
holders of such Debt Security ("Asset Backed 
Securities") (other than the EM Collateral that 
are Asset Backed Securities) which may be listed 
or unlisted that meets the ABS Eligibility Criteria 
specified in the Collateral Schedule of the 
applicable Issue Terms (the "ABS Collateral");

--- Page 11 ---
10223680081-v22 
- 3 - 
70-41030080 
 
(v) 
any Equity Securities, Debt Securities or Asset 
Backed 
Securities 
issued 
by 
an 
entity 
incorporated in or otherwise constituted in an EM 
Jurisdiction, which may be listed or unlisted that 
meets the EM Eligibility Criteria specified in the 
Collateral Schedule of the applicable Issue Terms 
(the "EM Collateral"); and 
(vi) 
any other assets meeting the relevant eligibility 
criteria, as specified in the Collateral Schedule of 
the applicable Issue Terms (together with the 
Equity Collateral, the Debt Collateral, the ABS 
Collateral and the EM Collateral, the "Eligible 
Collateral"). 
Any cash (the "Posted Cash"), Equity Collateral (the 
"Posted Equity Collateral"), Debt Collateral (the 
"Posted Debt Collateral"), ABS Collateral (the "Posted 
ABS Collateral"), EM Collateral (the "Posted EM 
Collateral") and any other Eligible Collateral provided by 
the Issuer in respect of such Series of Notes from time to 
time (together, the "Posted Collateral"), will be subject 
to the relevant eligibility criteria, as specified in the 
Collateral Schedule. 
For further information about the type of assets that may 
constitute Eligible Collateral for the purposes of this 
Programme, see the section of this Base Prospected 
headed "The Eligible Collateral". 
Custody Agreement .............. 
Any Posted Collateral in respect of each Series of Notes 
will be held by the Custodian in an account designated for 
such Series in the name of the Trustee for the account of 
the Issuer (the "Custody Account").  Any Posted Cash 
will be held in a cash sub-account opened for such purpose 
(the "Custody (Cash) Account") and any Posted Equity 
Collateral, Posted Debt Collateral, Posted ABS Collateral 
and Posted EM Collateral will be held in one or more 
securities sub-accounts (the "Custody (Securities) 
Account").  The Custodian may appoint sub-custodians, 
including local sub-custodians in each EM Jurisdiction, 
that may be an Affiliate of the Custodian, to hold any 
Posted EM Collateral. 
 
 
The Issuer, the Trustee and the Custodian (among others) 
entered into a custody agreement dated 20 December 2012 
and as from time to time further amended and/or restated 
(the "Custody Agreement") which specifies the terms on 
which any Posted Collateral in respect of each Series of 
Notes will be held. 
 
Additional 
Custody 
Agreement(s) ........................ 
If the applicable Issue Terms specifies an Additional 
Custodian, an additional custody agreement shall be 
entered into on terms to be agreed between the Issuer, the 
Trustee, the relevant Additional Custodian and any 
relevant Dealer (if applicable). 
 
Collateral Administrator ...... 
MSI plc has been appointed to act as the collateral 
administrator for the Custodian (in such capacity, the 
"Collateral Administrator"), in accordance with terms 
of 
the 
Collateral 
Administration 
and 
Reporting

--- Page 12 ---
10223680081-v22 
- 4 - 
70-41030080 
 
Agreement (as defined below), for each Series of Notes, 
to perform certain administrative functions in relation to 
the transfer of Eligible Collateral and Posted Euroclear 
Collateral (as defined below), the substitution of Posted 
Euroclear Collateral for other Eligible Collateral and 
withdrawal of Posted Euroclear Collateral, where "Posted 
Euroclear Collateral" means, in respect of a Series of 
Notes, the Posted Cash that is managed in accordance with 
the terms of the relevant Collateral Service Agreement 
(the "Posted Euroclear Cash"), the Posted Equity 
Collateral, the Posted Debt Collateral and the Posted ABS 
Collateral. 
In relation to the Posted Euroclear Collateral in respect of 
each Series of Notes, the Custodian will grant a power of 
attorney in favour of the Collateral Administrator (each a 
"Euroclear Power of Attorney") under which the 
Collateral Administrator may act as attorney for the 
Custodian under the Collateral Service Agreement (as 
defined below) and exercise any of the rights or undertake 
any of the obligations of the Custodian under the relevant 
Collateral Service Agreement. 
The Custodian and the Collateral Administrator have, 
pursuant to the terms of the Collateral Administration and 
Reporting Agreement, agreed that the scope of the 
Collateral Administrator's rights under each Euroclear 
Power of Attorney shall be limited to certain tasks the 
Custodian is required to perform under the terms of the 
relevant Collateral Service Agreement, as further 
described in the Collateral Administration and Reporting 
Agreement (as described below). 
Collateral 
Administration 
and Reporting Agreement .... 
The Issuer, the Trustee, the Custodian, MSI plc (in its 
capacity as the Collateral Administrator, the ABS 
Collateral Verification Agent (as defined below) and the 
EM Collateral Verification Agent (as defined below)) and 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch, in its 
capacity as the collateral reporting agent (the "Collateral 
Reporting Agent) have entered into a collateral 
administration and reporting agreement dated 20 
December 2012 and as from time to time amended and/or 
restated (the "Collateral Administration and Reporting 
Agreement") which sets out the terms on which the 
Collateral Administrator, the ABS Collateral Verification 
Agent, the EM Collateral Verification Agent and the 
Collateral Reporting Agent will perform certain collateral 
administration, verification and reporting tasks on behalf 
of the Issuer, the Trustee and the Custodian in respect of 
each Series of Notes.   
 
Transfer, withdrawal and 
substitution 
of 
Posted 
Collateral .............................. 
The Trust Deed contains the terms governing the initial 
transfer of Eligible Collateral from the Issuer to the 
Trustee, the final transfer of the Posted Collateral from the 
Trustee to the Issuer, substitution and withdrawal of 
Posted Collateral from the Custody Account and the 
valuation of the Posted Collateral. 
In respect of each Series of Notes, the Issuer will enter into 
a collateral service agreement with the Custodian, acting 
as agent for the Trustee, and Euroclear (in its capacities as

--- Page 13 ---
10223680081-v22 
- 5 - 
70-41030080 
 
collateral service provider (the "Collateral Service 
Provider") and as a collateral verification agent (the 
"Debt and Equity Collateral Verification Agent") to be 
dated on or about the relevant Issue Date (the "Collateral 
Service Agreement"). The Collateral Service Provider 
will provide certain services to the Issuer and the 
Custodian in relation to the valuation of the Posted Debt 
Collateral and the Posted Equity Collateral, substitution of 
Posted Collateral for other Eligible Collateral and 
withdrawal of Posted Collateral. 
The transfer, withdrawal, substitution and valuation of 
Posted Collateral may, if specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, be governed by the terms of an additional 
collateral management agreement, to be agreed by, among 
others, the Issuer, the Trustee, the relevant entity acting as 
collateral manager in relation to the applicable Posted 
Collateral, the relevant Collateral Verification Agent (as 
defined below) and the relevant Dealer (if applicable) 
(such 
agreement, 
an 
"Additional 
Collateral 
Management Agreement"). 
In respect of each Series of Notes, the Issuer, in 
accordance with the terms of the Collateral Service 
Agreement, any Additional Collateral Management 
Agreement, the Collateral Administration and Reporting 
Agreement and the Trust Deed, may, at any time without 
the prior consent of the Trustee, substitute any Posted 
Collateral in the Custody Account with any Eligible 
Collateral, and shall substitute any Posted Collateral in the 
Custody Account that no longer meets the Eligibility 
Criteria, provided in each case, that following such 
substitution, the aggregate Value (as defined below) of all 
the Posted Collateral is greater than or equal to the 
Minimum Collateralisation Value.  The Issuer may also, 
without the prior consent of the Trustee, withdraw any 
excess Posted Collateral if the aggregate Value of the 
Posted Collateral in respect of a Series of Notes exceeds 
the Minimum Collateralisation Value, provided however 
that the aggregate Value of the Posted Collateral 
following such withdrawal must be greater than or equal 
to the greater of (i) the aggregate of any early redemption 
amounts that the Issuer would be required to pay to 
Noteholders in respect of such Series of Notes and (ii) the 
Minimum Collateralisation Value. 
In respect of a Series of Notes, any substitution of Posted 
Collateral (the "Substituted Collateral") with any 
Eligible Collateral (the "Replacement Collateral") which 
decreases the aggregate Value of the Posted Collateral 
shall be deemed to be a substitution of the Substituted 
Collateral with the Replacement Collateral and a 
withdrawal of any excess Substituted Collateral with such 
excess having a Value equal to the amount by which the 
aggregate Value of the Posted Collateral has been reduced 
following such substitution.   
Minimum Collateralisation 
Value ..................................... 
In relation to each Series of Notes, the Issuer will have the 
obligation to maintain the aggregate Value of the Posted 
Collateral, on each Collateral Valuation Date, so that such 
Value is equal to the Minimum Collateralisation

--- Page 14 ---
10223680081-v22 
- 6 - 
70-41030080 
 
Percentage (as specified in the applicable Issue Terms) 
multiplied by the Aggregate Principal Amount of the 
outstanding Notes. 
Collateral 
Verification 
Agents ................................... 
In respect of any Posted Cash (other than any Posted 
Euroclear Cash), the Issuer.  
In respect of any Posted Euroclear Cash, Posted Debt 
Collateral and any Posted Equity Collateral, the Debt and 
Equity Collateral Verification Agent. 
In respect of any Posted ABS Collateral, the Issuer (in its 
capacity as the Asset Backed Securities collateral 
verification agent, the "ABS Collateral Verification 
Agent").   
 
 
In respect of any Posted EM Collateral, the Issuer (in its 
capacity as the EM Collateral verification agent, the "EM 
Collateral Verification Agent"). 
Posted Collateral may be valued by any other collateral 
verification agent, as specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms (each an "Additional Collateral Verification 
Agent" and together with the Issuer, the Debt and Equity 
Collateral Verification Agent, the ABS Collateral 
Verification Agent and the EM Collateral Verification 
Agent, the "Collateral Verification Agents" and each a 
"Collateral Verification Agent"). 
 
Collateral Reporting Agent .. 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch. 
 
Valuation 
of 
Posted 
Collateral and Reporting ...... 
Each Collateral Verification Agent will, unless otherwise 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, value the relevant 
Posted Collateral for each Series of Notes in respect of 
which it is appointed a Collateral Verification Agent on a 
daily basis by calculating the product of (i) the market 
value of such Posted Collateral as determined by the 
relevant Collateral Verification Agent in accordance with 
the terms of the Trust Deed, Collateral Administration and 
Reporting Agreement, Collateral Service Agreement or 
Additional Collateral Management Agreement and (ii) the 
valuation percentage (the "Valuation Percentage") 
attributable to such Posted Collateral (such product, the 
"Value") and provide such Values to the Collateral 
Reporting Agent. 
The Value of any Posted Cash (other than any Posted 
Euroclear Cash) shall be determined by the Issuer on or 
prior to the close of business in London one Business Day 
prior to the date of any Noteholder Report (as defined 
below).  The Value of any Posted Euroclear Cash, Posted 
Equity Collateral and Posted Debt Collateral shall be 
determined by the Debt and Equity Collateral Verification 
Agent on or prior to 10:00 a.m. London time on the date 
of any Noteholder Report.  The Value of the Posted ABS 
Collateral shall be determined by the ABS Collateral 
Verification Agent at the close of business in London one 
Business Day prior to the date of any Noteholder Report.  
The Value of the Posted EM Collateral shall be 
determined by the EM Collateral Verification Agent at the

--- Page 15 ---
10223680081-v22 
- 7 - 
70-41030080 
 
close of business in London on the day that is three 
Business Days prior to the date of any Noteholder Report. 
The Collateral Reporting Agent, pursuant to the terms of 
the Collateral Administration and Reporting Agreement, 
shall be responsible for compiling the valuations of the 
Posted Collateral provided by each of the Collateral 
Verification Agents in respect of each Series of Notes and 
producing a report for each Series of Notes on each 
Business Day such Series of Notes remains outstanding 
(each a "Noteholder Report").  Each Noteholder Report 
will be made available to the Noteholders of such Series 
of Notes on the secured website specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms that is accessible only by way of unique 
password (which may be obtained from the Collateral 
Reporting Agent by a Noteholder upon request, provided 
that such Noteholder provides the Collateral Reporting 
Agent with proof of its noteholding in a form satisfactory 
to the Collateral Reporting Agent, acting reasonably). 
Forms of Notes ...................... 
The Issuer may issue Notes either in bearer form to the 
extent it has been determined that such Notes should be 
classified as being in registered form for U.S. Federal 
income tax purposes ("Bearer Notes") or in registered 
form ("Registered Notes"). Bearer Notes may be in either 
definitive form or global form.  Notes in definitive bearer 
form will be serially numbered. Registered Notes may be 
in either individual certificate form or in global certificate 
form.   
 
 
(i) 
Bearer Notes 
Bearer Notes with maturities of more than 183 days 
initially will be represented by a temporary global bearer 
note that the Issuer will deposit with a common depositary 
or (if in new global note form (a "New Global Note" or 
"NGN")) a common safekeeper for Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV ("Euroclear"), Clearstream Banking, société 
anonyme, Luxembourg ("Clearstream, Luxembourg"), 
and/or any other relevant clearing system.  Interests in 
each temporary global Bearer Note will be exchangeable 
for interests in permanent global Bearer Notes or for 
definitive bearer notes. 
 
 
Bearer Notes with maturities of 183 days or less initially 
will be represented by a permanent global Bearer Note 
that the Issuer will deposit with a common depositary or 
(if in New Global Note form) a common safekeeper for 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, and/or any other 
relevant clearing system. 
Bearer Notes will only be issued if it has been determined 
that such Notes should be classified as being in registered 
form for U.S. Federal income tax purposes.  
 
 
(ii) 
Registered Notes 
Registered Notes will be in the form of either individual 
note certificates or global note certificates, in each case as 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms. Each global note 
certificate will either be: (a) in the case of Registered

--- Page 16 ---
10223680081-v22 
- 8 - 
70-41030080 
 
Notes which are not to be held under the new safekeeping 
structure ("New Safekeeping Structure" or "NSS"), 
registered in the name of a nominee of a common 
depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and/or any other relevant clearing system and the relevant 
global note certificate will be deposited on or about the 
issue date with the common depositary; or (b) in the case 
of Registered Notes which are to be held under the New 
Safekeeping Structure, registered in the name of a 
nominee of a common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant 
clearing system and the relevant global note certificate 
will be deposited on or about the issue date with the 
common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. 
Issue Terms and the Terms 
and Conditions...................... 
Issue terms will be prepared in respect of each Tranche of 
Notes (each set of issue terms, the "Issue Terms").  The 
terms and conditions applicable to each Tranche will be 
those set out in this Base Prospectus under the heading 
"Terms and Conditions of the Notes", as supplemented, 
modified or replaced, in each case, by the applicable Issue 
Terms.   
 
Specified Currency ............... 
Notes may be denominated or payable in any currency as 
set out in the applicable Issue Terms, subject to all 
applicable consents being obtained and compliance with 
all applicable legal and regulatory requirements. 
 
Issue Price ............................. 
Notes may be issued at any price, as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, subject to compliance with all 
applicable legal and regulatory requirements. 
 
Maturities ............................. 
Notes will have maturities as specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, subject to compliance with all applicable 
legal and regulatory requirements. 
 
 
Where Notes have a maturity of less than one year and 
either (i) the issue proceeds are received by the Issuer in 
the United Kingdom or (ii) the activity of issuing the 
Notes is carried on from an establishment maintained by 
the Issuer in the United Kingdom, such Notes must: (a) 
have a minimum redemption value of £100,000 (or its 
equivalent in other currencies) and be issued only to 
persons whose ordinary activities involve them in 
acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments 
(as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses 
or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, 
manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) 
for the purposes of their businesses; or (b) be issued in 
other circumstances which do not constitute a 
contravention of section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer. 
 
Redemption .......................... 
Notes may be redeemed at par or at such other redemption 
amount (detailed in a formula or otherwise), as may be 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms.

--- Page 17 ---
10223680081-v22 
- 9 - 
70-41030080 
 
Early Redemption................. 
The Notes may be redeemed prior to their scheduled 
maturity in any one of the following circumstances: 
(i) 
if specified in the applicable Issue Terms, upon 
the exercise of the Issuer's option to redeem the 
Notes pursuant to Condition 10.4 (Redemption at 
the Option of the Issuer); 
(ii) 
if specified in the applicable Issue Terms, upon 
the exercise of the Noteholder of its option to 
redeem the Notes pursuant to Condition 10.6 
(Redemption at the Option of Noteholders); 
(iii) 
in the event of the insolvency of the Custodian as 
further described in Condition 10.7 (Early 
Redemption in the event of the insolvency of the 
Custodian); or 
(iv) 
in the event of that the Issuer, in its sole and 
absolute discretion, determines that performance 
of its obligations shall have or will become 
illegal, as further described in Condition 15 
(Force Majeure and Illegality). 
Early redemption will also be permitted for taxation 
reasons as mentioned in Condition 10 (Redemption and 
Purchase) but will otherwise be permitted only to the 
extent specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
 
Interest .................................. 
Notes may be interest-bearing or non-interest-bearing.  
Interest (if any) may accrue at a fixed rate, which may be 
zero, or a floating rate, or at a rate which varies during the 
lifetime of the relevant Series. 
 
Denominations ...................... 
Notes will be issued in denominations of at least U.S.$ 
500,000 (or the equivalent amount thereof in other 
currencies), as may be specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, subject to compliance with all applicable legal and 
regulatory requirements. 
 
Taxation ................................ 
Payments made by the Issuer, in respect of any Notes will 
be made without withholding or deduction for, or on 
account of, any present or future tax, assessment or 
governmental charge ("Taxes"), unless the withholding or 
deduction of those Taxes is required by law (including any 
withholding tax imposed under Sections 1471 through 
1474 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code, as amended, and 
any applicable U.S. Treasury regulations promulgated 
thereunder 
or 
published 
administrative 
guidance 
implementing such sections (including withholding 
resulting from any inter-governmental agreement in 
connection with such sections, regulations and/or 
guidance)). 
 
Benefit Plan Investor ............ 
The Notes may not be acquired or held by, or acquired 
with the assets of, any employee benefit plan subject to 
Title I of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act 
of 1974, as amended ("ERISA"), any individual 
retirement account or plan subject to Section 4975 of the 
United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as 
amended, or any entity whose underlying assets include

--- Page 18 ---
10223680081-v22 
- 10 - 
70-41030080 
 
"plan assets" within the meaning of ERISA by reason of 
any such plan's or account's investment therein.  
Use of Proceeds ..................... 
The net proceeds from the sale of the Notes will be used 
for the Issuer's funding purposes. 
 
Listing ................................... 
Applications have been made to admit the Notes offered 
under the Programme to the Official List and to trading on 
the Regulated Market of Euronext Dublin. The applicable 
Issue Terms will specify whether a Tranche of Notes will 
be admitted to the Official List and to trading on the 
Regulated Market of Euronext Dublin or admitted to 
listing, trading and/or quotation by any other listing 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system or will 
be unlisted, as the Issuer and any Dealer may agree.   
A 
drawdown 
prospectus 
(each 
a 
"Drawdown 
Prospectus") will be prepared by the Issuer in respect of 
any Tranche of Notes admitted to the Official List and to 
trading on the Regulated Market of Euronext Dublin.  
Each Drawdown Prospectus will include the applicable set 
of Issue Terms prepared in respect of such Tranche of 
Notes. 
 
Clearing Systems .................. 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other 
clearing system as may be specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
 
Governing Law ..................... 
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
the Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out 
of or in connection with them shall be governed by 
English law. 
 
Selling Restrictions ............... 
The Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered at any 
time, directly or indirectly, within the United States or 
to or for the account of U.S. Persons (as defined in 
Regulation S under the Securities Act).  For a 
description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and 
deliveries of the Notes and on the distribution of offering 
material in the United States and in certain other countries, 
see "Subscription and Sale" and "No Ownership by U.S. 
Persons".

--- Page 19 ---
10223680081-v22 
- 11 - 
70-41030080 
 
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE NOTES 
Prospective investors should read the entire Base Prospectus and any applicable Issue Terms. Words and 
expressions defined elsewhere in this Base Prospectus have the same meanings in this section. 
Prospective investors should consider the section entitled "Risk Factors" in the Registration Document, as 
supplemented or amended from time to time in respect of the Issuer (referred to in the section entitled 
"Incorporation by Reference" in this Base Prospectus) and the factors described below and consult with 
their own professional advisers if they consider it necessary.  The Issuer believes that such factors represent 
the most significant risks inherent in investing in Notes issued under the Programme but the inability of the 
Issuer to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in connection with any Notes may occur for other 
reasons, which may not be considered significant risks by the Issuer based on information currently 
available to it or which it may not currently be able to anticipate. 
Each investor should carefully consider whether the Notes, as described herein and in the applicable 
Issue Terms, are suited to its particular circumstances before deciding to purchase any Notes. 
1. 
RISKS RELATING TO THE NOTES 
1.1 
Recourse and Credit risk 
The security for the Notes will be created over the Secured Assets and will be held by the Trustee 
on trust for the Noteholders in relation to such Series of Notes (as to which see "Risks relating to 
the Secured Assets").  No assurance can be made that the Realisation Proceeds will be sufficient to 
cover all amounts due and payable in respect of the Notes.  If the Realisation Proceeds are 
insufficient to make all the payments in respect of the Notes, the Issuer shall remain liable for any 
shortfall.  Any shortfall will constitute an unsecured claim against the Issuer.  Investors should be 
aware that their recovery will be dependent on the creditworthiness of the Issuer and in the 
event of the insolvency of the Issuer, investors may lose some or all of their investment. 
The Notes of each Series are direct, senior obligations of the Issuer and not of the officers, 
members, directors, employees, security holders or incorporator of the Issuer, the Trustee, the 
Agents, the Collateral Agents or the Collateral Obligors (as defined below) or their respective 
successors or assigns.  The Notes will not be obligations or responsibilities of, and will not be 
guaranteed by, the Trustee, any Agent, any Collateral Agent or any affiliate of any of the foregoing. 
1.2 
Noteholders will have limited ability to enforce rights with respect to the Notes or the Secured 
Assets 
Except in the limited circumstances set out in Condition 14.3 (Enforcement), Noteholders will have 
no contractual right to act directly with respect to the Secured Assets or to proceed directly against 
any obligors in respect of the Posted Collateral (each such obligor, a "Collateral Obligor" and 
together, the "Collateral Obligors").  Those rights are held by the Trustee who will act on the 
Noteholders' behalf and the ability to take any action in respect of the Posted Collateral will be 
limited to rights exercisable by the Trustee.  The Trustee is required to act to exercise such rights 
if so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution of the holders a Series of Notes or the holders of at 
least 50 per cent. of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes, provided that it is 
indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction by such Noteholders. 
1.3 
Risks relating to third party agents 
The Issuer has appointed a number of third party agents under the Programme and is reliant on 
each agent to fulfil its obligations in respect of the Notes.  If any agent becomes insolvent and/or 
otherwise fails to fulfil its contractual obligations to the Issuer in respect of the Notes, the Issuer 
may not be able to fulfil its obligations in respect of the Notes notwithstanding that the Issuer may 
have found replacement agent(s) and, where the Issuer is also insolvent, this may affect the ability 
of the Trustee (acting on behalf of the Noteholders) to recover amounts due from the Issuer in 
respect of the Notes. 
In particular, prospective investors should also note that The Bank of New York Mellon and its 
affiliates have been appointed in a number of capacities under the Programme, including as trustee, 
custodian and principal paying agent. Any failure by The Bank of New York Mellon to fulfil its

--- Page 20 ---
10223680081-v22 
- 12 - 
70-41030080 
 
obligations in one capacity may result in a failure to fulfil its obligations in its other capacities 
under the Programme.  This is likely to have an adverse effect on the ability of the Issuer to fulfil 
its obligations in respect of the Notes, for example (without limitation) the ability for the Issuer to 
maintain the aggregate Value of the Posted Collateral above the Minimum Collateralisation Value, 
to make withdrawals or substitutions of Posted Collateral from the Custody Account and to make 
payments due on the Notes, and/or, in the case where the Issuer is also insolvent, the ability for the 
Trustee (on behalf of the Noteholders) to recover any amounts from the Issuer in respect of the 
Notes. 
Investors should note that the Trustee expressly does not undertake to review the financial 
condition or affairs of the Issuer, any Agent or any Collateral Agent for any Series of Notes during 
the life of the Programme. 
1.4 
Risks relating to the Custodian and sub-custodians 
Posted Collateral (other than any Posted Cash) is to be segregated from the assets of the Custodian 
so as to be protected in the event of the Custodian's insolvency.  However, any Posted Cash will 
not be protected in the event of the Custodian's insolvency and any claim to the Posted Cash will 
rank together with all other unsecured claims against the Custodian.  Consequently, any 
enforcement action taken by the Trustee (for itself and on behalf of the Secured Creditors) in 
relation to the Posted Cash could be subject to delay and a Noteholder's recovery could be 
substantially less than the total value of any claim against the Custodian. 
Under the terms of the Custody Agreement, the Custodian may appoint one or more sub-custodians 
to hold the Posted Collateral, which may be an affiliate of the Custodian.  Posted Collateral held 
with a sub-custodian may be held in an omnibus client securities account and such Posted 
Collateral may be commingled with securities belonging to other clients of the Custodian held in 
such securities account.  The Custodian will identify in its books and records any Posted Collateral 
held for the benefit of the Trustee in an omnibus client securities account with any sub-custodian.  
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms, neither the Issuer nor Trustee has a direct 
contractual relationship with the sub-custodians and the Custodian has not created security over its 
rights against the sub-custodians in favour of the Issuer or the Trustee. 
In the event (i) of the insolvency of any sub-custodian or (ii) that the Trustee enforces the Security 
over the Posted Collateral, the Trustee will have no direct rights against any sub-custodians 
appointed by the Custodian but will need to rely on the rights it has with respect to the Custodian.  
Should there be a shortfall in the assets held by a sub-custodian after the appointment of a 
liquidator, administrator, an administrative receiver or other insolvency official in respect of a sub-
custodian, the Custodian's recovery of assets held by such sub-custodian may be reduced pro-rata 
in proportion to the Trustee's original share of the original pool of securities held by such sub-
custodian on the Custodian's behalf.  This will, in the event that the Issuer is also insolvent and 
the Trustee has enforced the Security over the Posted Collateral, affect a Noteholder's 
recovery in respect of the Notes. 
1.5 
Risks relating to the Collateral Administrator 
For each Series of Notes issued under the Programme, the Custodian will appoint MSI plc to act 
as collateral administrator (in such capacity, the "Collateral Administrator") in respect of the 
Posted Euroclear Collateral.  The Custodian will grant a power of attorney in favour of the 
Collateral Administrator in respect of each Series of Notes (each a "Euroclear Power of 
Attorney") and pursuant to such Euroclear Power of Attorney, the Collateral Administrator may 
exercise any of the rights and undertake any of the obligations of the Custodian under the relevant 
Collateral Service Agreement.  The Collateral Administrator and the Custodian have separately 
agreed in the Collateral Administration and Reporting Agreement to limit the scope of the 
Collateral Administrator's rights under any such Euroclear Power of Attorney.  Noteholders will 
bear the risk of any actions taken by the Collateral Administrator on behalf of the Custodian 
that are not in accordance with the terms of the Issue Documents.

--- Page 21 ---
10223680081-v22 
- 13 - 
70-41030080 
 
1.6 
Limited Liquidity and Restrictions on Transfer 
Although there is currently a limited secondary market for notes representing collateralised 
securities similar to the Notes, there is currently no secondary market for the Notes themselves.   
Potential investors should be willing to hold the Notes until maturity. 
Neither the Issuer nor any of its affiliates intend to make a market in the Notes.  There can be no 
assurance that any secondary market for any of the Notes will develop or, if a secondary 
market does develop, that it will provide the Noteholders with enough liquidity to sell or trade 
the Notes easily, or such liquidity will continue for the life of such Notes. 
If a secondary market was to develop it would be affected by, amongst other things, supply and 
demand for the Notes, interest rates and macroeconomic factors, and, accordingly, the Notes may 
be sold at a discount. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or with any securities 
regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States.  Consequently, the Notes 
may not be offered, sold, resold, delivered or transferred within the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, U.S. Persons (as defined in Regulation S).  In addition, the Issuer has not 
been and will not be registered as an "investment company" under the 1940 Act.  Accordingly, the 
Notes may only be sold to a person that is an Eligible Purchaser. The Issuer may compel any 
beneficial owner of an interest in the Notes to sell its interest in such Notes, or may sell such interest 
on behalf of such holder, if such holder is not an Eligible Purchaser. See "Subscription and Sale" 
and "No Ownership by U.S. Persons" below. 
1.7 
Noteholders' Resolutions 
The Principal Trust Deed includes provisions for the passing of Resolutions (whether at a 
Noteholders' meeting by way of vote or by Written Resolution) of the Noteholders in respect of 
(among any other matters) amendments to the Conditions of the Notes and/or the Issue Documents. 
Such provisions include, among other things, (i) quorum requirements for the holding of 
Noteholders' meetings and (ii) voting thresholds required to pass resolutions at such meetings (or 
through Written Resolutions).  The quorum required for a meeting of Noteholders (other than an 
adjourned meeting) to pass an Extraordinary Resolution (other than one relating to a Reserved 
Matter) is two or more persons holding or representing 50 per cent. of the aggregate of the 
aggregate principal amount outstanding of the Notes and at an adjourned meeting, two or more 
persons holding or representing Noteholders whatever the principal amount of the Notes held or 
represented.  The voting threshold at any Noteholders' meeting in respect of an Extraordinary 
Resolution relating to a Reserved Matter is at least 62.5 per cent. of the aggregate principal amount 
outstanding of the Notes and at an adjourned meeting, one quarter.  Accordingly, it is possible that, 
at any meeting of the Noteholders, an Extraordinary Resolution may be passed with less than 50 
per cent. of all the Noteholders, in the case of an Extraordinary Resolution other than one relating 
to a Reserved Matter, and 62.5 per cent., in the case of an Extraordinary Resolution relating to a 
Reserved Matter.  See Condition 19 (Meetings of Noteholders and Modification).  Any 
Extraordinary Resolution duly passed by Noteholders of a Series will bind all the Noteholders of 
such Series. 
1.8 
Voting Rights upon an Event of Default and Enforcement 
If an Event of Default occurs and is continuing, the Trustee may, at its discretion and shall, if so 
requested by an Extraordinary Resolution or requested in writing by the Noteholders of a Series 
holding at least 50 per. cent of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes of such 
Series (subject, in each case, to being indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded by the relevant 
Noteholders to its satisfaction), give notice to the Issuer that all the Notes of such Series are to be 
immediately due and payable.  At any time after the Notes of a Series become due and payable and 
the security under the applicable Trust Deed becomes enforceable, the Trustee may, at its 
discretion, and shall if so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution or the Noteholders holding at 
least 50 per. cent of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes of such Series (subject 
as aforesaid), institute such proceedings against the Issuer as it may think fit to enforce the terms 
of the applicable Trust Deed and the Notes and pursuant and subject to the terms of the applicable 
Trust Deed and the Notes of such Series, realise and/or otherwise liquidate or sell the Secured

--- Page 22 ---
10223680081-v22 
- 14 - 
70-41030080 
 
Assets in whole or in part and/or take any other action to enforce the security over the Secured 
Assets.  See Condition 14 (Events of Default).  Any such direction to the Trustee will be binding 
on all Noteholder of such Series. 
Except as provided in Condition 14.3 (Enforcement), no Noteholder shall be entitled to enforce the 
Security or to institute proceedings directly against the Issuer to enforce the provisions of the 
Security Documents unless, the Trustee, having become bound to enforce the Security or to 
institute proceedings against the Issuer to enforce the provisions of the Security Documents, fails 
to do so within a reasonable period of time and such failure is continuing. 
1.9 
No Fiduciary Role 
None of the Issuer, the Trustee, the Agents, the Collateral Agents or any of the parties to the Issue 
Documents or any of their respective affiliates is acting as an investment advisor, and none of them 
(other than the Trustee) assumes any fiduciary obligation, to any purchaser of Notes nor do they 
assume any responsibility for conducting or failing to conduct any investigation into the business, 
financial condition, prospects, creditworthiness, status and/or affairs of a Collateral Obligor. 
None of such parties makes any representation or warranty, express or implied, as to any of such 
matters. 
1.10 
Notes may be Redeemed Prior to their Scheduled Maturity Date 
In the event that the Issuer would be obliged to increase the amounts payable in respect of any 
Notes due to any withholding or deduction for or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or 
assessed by or on behalf of any relevant jurisdiction, the Issuer may redeem all outstanding Notes 
in accordance with the Conditions at the redemption price specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Further, the applicable Issue Terms may specify that the Notes are redeemable at the Issuer's option 
prior to their stated maturity.  In such event, if the Issuer exercises its option to redeem the Notes, 
an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a comparable security at an 
effective interest rate as high as that of the relevant Notes. 
An optional redemption feature in any particular Tranche of Notes is likely to limit their market 
value. During any period when the Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those 
Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also 
may be true prior to any redemption period. 
In the case of certain Notes, if such Notes are redeemed early for any reason, the amount 
payable by the Issuer may be less than the amount that would have been paid had the Notes 
been redeemed at maturity. 
1.11 
Interest Rate Risk 
Investment in the Notes may involve interest rate risk.  Interest rate fluctuations may cause the 
value of the Notes (whether issued using Fixed Rate Note Provisions, Floating Rate Note 
Provisions or otherwise) to change on a daily basis and the uncertain nature of these fluctuations 
creates interest rate risk.  As the market interest rates increase, the interest rate risk that an investor 
may bear in the Notes will also increase, as a general rule. 
The market values of Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium from their principal amount 
tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional 
interest bearing securities.  Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater 
the price volatility as compared to conventional interest bearing securities with comparable 
maturities. 
1.12 
Currency Risk relating to the Notes 
Notes denominated in currencies other than the investor's home currency (namely the currency of 
the country in which such investor resides or in which such investor conducts its business) may be 
subject to the risk of significant changes in rates of exchange between such home currency and the

--- Page 23 ---
10223680081-v22 
- 15 - 
70-41030080 
 
other relevant currencies and the possibility of the imposition or modification of exchange controls 
by the relevant governmental authorities for example, fixing the exchange rates with respect to 
another currency, the imposition of regulatory controls or taxes, changes in interest rates to 
influence the exchange rates of their currencies, issuing a new currency to replace an existing 
currency or altering the exchange rate or relative exchange characteristics by a devaluation or 
revaluation of a currency. 
These risks generally depend on economic and political events over which the Issuer has no control.  
Governmental intervention may change or interfere with currency valuations and currency 
fluctuations that would otherwise occur in response to economic forces, as well as in response to 
the movement of currencies across borders which in turn could adversely affect yields or payouts 
in an investor's home currency.  Such actions may also affect the availability of the relevant 
currency to make payments in relation to the Notes. 
Where the Notes are denominated in an emerging market currency, such currencies can be 
significantly more volatile than currencies of more developed markets.  Emerging market 
currencies are more exposed than developed market currencies to the risk of a currency crisis which 
may affect an investor's return on the Notes. 
The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with them shall be 
governed by English law.  Although an English court has the power to grant judgment in the 
currency in which a Note is denominated, it may decline to do so in its discretion.  If judgment 
were granted in a currency other than that in which a Note is denominated, the investor will bear 
the relevant currency risk. 
The Issuer will not make any adjustment or change in the terms of the Notes in the event that 
exchange rates should become fixed, or in the event of any devaluation or revaluation or imposition 
of exchange or other regulatory controls or taxes, or in the event of other developments affecting 
any currency or the volatility of any applicable exchange rates.  The investor will bear those risks. 
Investors should consult their financial and legal advisers as to any specific risks entailed by an 
investment in Notes that are denominated or payable in a currency other than their home currency.  
Such Notes are not appropriate investments for investors who are not sophisticated with respect to 
foreign currency transactions. 
1.13 
Reform of LIBOR and EURIBOR and Other Interest Rate Index Benchmark 
LIBOR, EURIBOR and other indices which are deemed "benchmarks" are the subject of recent 
national, international and other regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these 
reforms are already effective while others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause 
such "benchmarks" to perform differently than in the past, or to disappear entirely, or have other 
consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse 
effect on any Notes linked to a "benchmark". 
Any of the international, national or other proposals for reform or the general increased regulatory 
scrutiny of "benchmarks" could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise 
participating in the setting of a "benchmark" and complying with any such regulations or 
requirements. Such factors may have the effect of discouraging market participants from 
continuing to administer or participate in certain "benchmarks", trigger changes in the rules or 
methodologies used in certain "benchmarks" or lead to the disappearance of certain "benchmarks". 
The disappearance of a "benchmark" or changes in the manner of administration of a "benchmark" 
could have materially adverse consequences in relation to Notes linked to such "benchmark" 
1.14 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate 
The interest rate on the Notes may be determined by reference to (i) SOFR (as defined in the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes) or (ii), in certain circumstances, either a Fallback Term SOFR or 
Fallback Compounded SOFR (each as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes). 
SOFR is published by the New York Federal Reserve and is intended to be a broad measure of the 
cost of borrowing cash overnight collateralized by U.S. Treasury securities. The New York Federal

--- Page 24 ---
10223680081-v22 
- 16 - 
70-41030080 
 
Reserve reports that SOFR includes all trades in the Broad General Collateral Rate and bilateral 
Treasury repurchase agreement (repo) transactions cleared through the delivery-versus-payment 
service offered by the Fixed Income Clearing Corporation (the "FICC"), a subsidiary of the 
Depository Trust and Clearing Corporation ("DTCC"), and SOFR is filtered by the New York 
Federal Reserve to remove some (but not all) of the foregoing transactions considered to be 
"specials". According to the New York Federal Reserve, "specials" are repos for specific-issue 
collateral, which take place at cash-lending rates below those for general collateral repos because 
cash providers are willing to accept a lesser return on their cash in order to obtain a particular 
security. 
The New York Federal Reserve reports that SOFR is calculated as a volume-weighted median of 
transaction-level tri-party repo data collected from The Bank of New York Mellon as well as 
General Collateral Finance Repo transaction data and data on bilateral Treasury repo transactions 
cleared through the FICC’s delivery-versus-payment service. The New York Federal Reserve also 
notes that it obtains information from DTCC Solutions LLC, an affiliate of DTCC.  
If data for a given market segment were unavailable for any day, then the most recently available 
data for that segment would be utilized, with the rates on each transaction from that day adjusted 
to account for any change in the level of market rates in that segment over the intervening period. 
SOFR would be calculated from this adjusted prior day’s data for segments where current data 
were unavailable, and unadjusted data for any segments where data were available. To determine 
the change in the level of market rates over the intervening period for the missing market segment, 
the New York Federal Reserve would use information collected through a daily survey conducted 
by its Trading Desk of primary dealers' repo borrowing activity. Such daily survey would include 
information reported by Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of Morgan 
Stanley, as a primary dealer. 
The New York Federal Reserve notes on its publication page for SOFR that use of SOFR is subject 
to important limitations, indemnification obligations and disclaimers, including that the New York 
Federal Reserve may alter the methods of calculation, publication schedule, rate revision practices 
or availability of SOFR at any time without notice. 
Each U.S. government securities business day, the New York Federal Reserve publishes SOFR on 
its website at approximately 8:00 a.m., New York City time. If errors are discovered in the 
transaction data provided by The Bank of New York Mellon or DTCC Solutions LLC, or in the 
calculation process, subsequent to the initial publication of SOFR but on that same day, SOFR and 
the accompanying summary statistics may be republished at approximately 2:30 p.m., New York 
City time. Additionally, if transaction data from The Bank of New York Mellon or DTCC Solutions 
LLC had previously not been available in time for publication, but became available later in the 
day, the affected rate or rates may be republished at around this time. Rate revisions will only be 
effected on the same day as initial publication and will only be republished if the change in the rate 
exceeds one basis point. Any time a rate is revised, a footnote to the New York Federal Reserve’s 
publication would indicate the revision. This revision threshold will be reviewed periodically by 
the New York Federal Reserve and may be changed based on market conditions. 
Because SOFR is published by the New York Federal Reserve based on data received from other 
sources, the Issuer has no control over its determination, calculation or publication. The 
information contained in this Risk Factor "Secured Overnight Financing Rate" is based upon the 
New York Federal Reserve’s Website and other U.S. government sources. 
1.15 
Risks relating to "benchmark" rates 
The regulation and reform of “benchmarks” may adversely affect the value of and return on Notes 
linked to or referencing such “benchmarks” 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and financial 
contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds (the “EU Benchmarks Regulation”) 
is a key element of the ongoing regulatory reform of benchmarks in the EU and has applied since 
1 January 2018. The EU Benchmarks Regulation has been amended by Regulation (EU) 2019/2089 
as regards EU Climate Transition Benchmarks, EU Paris-aligned Benchmarks and sustainability-
related disclosures, by Regulation (EU) 2019/2175 and Regulation (EU) 2021/168, the latter of

--- Page 25 ---
10223680081-v22 
- 17 - 
70-41030080 
 
which introduced new powers for regulators to mandate one or more replacement rates for critical 
or systemically important benchmarks in certain limited circumstances (see “Replacement of 
LIBOR, and the potential replacement of other Interbank Offered Rates (“IBORs”) May Adversely 
Affect the Return on Any Notes Linked to such IBORs and their Secondary Market Prices” below) 
and a limited exemption for certain foreign exchange rates. 
Following the end of the Brexit transitional period at 11.00p.m (London time) on 31 December 
2020 the EU Benchmarks Regulation in its then current form was saved into UK domestic law 
subject to a number of modifications (the “UK Benchmarks Regulation” and, together with the 
EU Benchmarks Regulation, the “Benchmarks Regulations”). 
In addition to so-called “critical benchmarks” such as the London Interbank Offered Rate 
(“LIBOR”) and the Euro Interbank Offered Rate (“EURIBOR”), other interest rates, foreign 
exchange rates and certain indices, will in most cases be within scope of the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation as "benchmarks" where they are used to determine the amount payable under, or the 
value of, certain financial instruments (including Notes listed on an EU (in the case of the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation) or UK (in the case of the UK Benchmarks Regulation) regulated market 
or multilateral trading facility (“MTF”)), and in a number of other circumstances. 
Each Benchmarks Regulation applies to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input 
data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the EU (in the case of the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation) or the UK (in the case of the UK Benchmarks Regulation). Among other things, it (i) 
requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if not based in the EU (in the 
case of the EU Benchmarks Regulation) or UK (in the case of the UK Benchmarks Regulation), to 
be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain 
use by supervised entities of “benchmarks” provided by administrators that are not authorised or 
registered (or, if not based in the EU (in the case of the EU Benchmarks Regulation) or UK (in the 
case of the UK Benchmarks Regulation), not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed), 
subject in each case to transitional provisions for benchmarks provided by third-country 
benchmark administrators. 
The Benchmarks Regulations could have a material impact on any Notes linked to or referencing 
a “benchmark”. For example: 
• a rate or index which is a “benchmark” may not be used in certain ways by a supervised entity if 
(subject to applicable transitional provisions) its administrator does not obtain authorisation or 
registration (or, if a non-EU or non-UK (as the case may be) entity, does not satisfy the 
“equivalence” conditions and is not “recognised” pending an equivalence decision). If the 
benchmark administrator does not obtain or maintain (as applicable) such authorisation or 
registration or, if a non-EU entity, “equivalence” is not available and it is not recognised, then the 
Notes may be redeemed prior to maturity; and 
• the methodology or other terms of the “benchmark” could be changed in order to comply with 
the requirements of the relevant Benchmarks Regulation, and such changes could reduce or 
increase the rate or level or affect the volatility of the published rate or level, and (depending on 
the terms of the particular Notes) could lead to adjustments to the terms of the Notes as the 
Determination Agent deems necessary or appropriate. 
Any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of 
“benchmarks”, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the 
setting of a “benchmark” and complying with any such regulations or requirements. Such factors 
may have the following effects on certain “benchmarks”: (i) discourage market participants from 
continuing to administer or contribute to the “benchmark”; (ii) trigger changes in the rules or 
methodologies used in the “benchmark” and/or (iii) lead to the disappearance of the “benchmark”. 
Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of international or national 
reforms or other initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the value of 
and return on any Notes linked to or referencing a “benchmark” and the Determination Agent may 
be entitled to make corresponding adjustments to the conditions of the Notes.

--- Page 26 ---
10223680081-v22 
- 18 - 
70-41030080 
 
Replacement of LIBOR, and the potential replacement of other Interbank Offered Rates 
(“IBORs”), May Adversely Affect the Return on Any Notes Linked to such IBORs and their 
Secondary Market Prices 
Central banks around the world, including the U.S. Federal Reserve, have commissioned working 
groups that include market participants (the “Alternative Rate Committees”) with the goal of 
finding suitable replacements for their currency’s LIBOR (and certain other IBORs) that are based 
on observable market transactions. The search for replacements accelerated after the Financial 
Stability Board reported that uncertainty surrounding the integrity of LIBOR represents a 
potentially serious systemic vulnerability and risk due to limited transactions in the underlying 
inter-bank lending market. In July 2017, the Chief Executive of the United Kingdom Financial 
Conduct Authority (the “FCA”), which regulates LIBOR, called for an orderly transition over a 4-
5 year period from LIBOR to the reference rates selected by the Alternative Rate Committees. The 
FCA’s announcement stated that it expects that it would not be in a position to sustain LIBOR 
through its influence or legal compulsion powers after the end of 2021. 
On 5 March 2021, the FCA announced that: 
• immediately after 31 December 2021, publication of all seven euro LIBOR settings, all seven 
Swiss franc LIBOR settings, the Spot Next, 1-week, 2-month and 12-month Japanese yen LIBOR 
settings, the overnight, 1-week, 2-month and 12-month sterling LIBOR settings and the 1-week 
and 2-month US dollar LIBOR settings will cease; 
• immediately after 30 June 2023, publication of the overnight and 12-month US dollar LIBOR 
settings will cease; 
• immediately after 31 December 2021, the 1-month, 3-month and 6-month Japanese yen LIBOR 
settings and the 1-month, 3-month and 6-month sterling LIBOR settings will no longer be 
representative and representativeness will not be restored; and 
• immediately after 30 June 2023, the 1-month, 3-month and 6-month US dollar LIBOR settings 
will no longer be representative and representativeness will not be restored. 
The following LIBOR settings consequently ceased at the end of 2021:  all seven EUR LIBOR 
settings, all seven CHF LIBOR settings, the Spot Next, 1-week, 2-month and 12-month JPY 
LIBOR settings, the overnight, 1-week, 2-month and 12-month GBP LIBOR settings, and the 1-
week and 2-month USD LIBOR settings. 
Potential investors in the Notes should therefore be aware that the majority of LIBOR settings were 
permanently discontinued immediately after 31 December 2021 (or, in the case of the overnight 
and 12-month US dollar LIBOR settings, will be immediately after 30 June 2023) and that the 
remaining LIBOR settings are no longer representative immediately after 31 December 2021 (or, 
in the case of the 1-month, 3-month and 6-month US dollar LIBOR settings, will be immediately 
after 30 June 2023). The discontinuation or non-representativeness of the LIBOR settings may also 
impact interest rate swaps that have a floating leg referencing a LIBOR setting and this in turn may 
impact swap rates based on the fixed leg prices for such interest rate swaps. 
In the same announcement the FCA stated that it would consult on requiring ICE Benchmark 
Administration Limited (“IBA”), the administrator of LIBOR, to continue to publish the following 
LIBOR settings on a changed methodology (also known as a “synthetic”) basis using new powers 
given to the FCA under the Financial Services Act 2021: 
• 1-month, 3-month and 6-month sterling LIBOR for a further period after the end of 2021; 
• 1-month, 3-month and 6-month Japanese yen LIBOR, for one additional year after the end of 
2021; and 
• 1-month, 3-month and 6-month US dollar LIBOR for a further period after the end of June 2023. 
In order to ensure an orderly wind-down of the 1-month, 3-month and 6-month GBP and JPY 
LIBOR settings, the FCA subsequently exercised its powers under the UK BMR to compel IBA to 
publish such LIBOR settings under a changed, “synthetic” methodology for the duration of 2022.

--- Page 27 ---
10223680081-v22 
- 19 - 
70-41030080 
 
The FCA has noted that any settings published under a “synthetic” methodology will no longer be 
representative of the underlying market or economic reality the setting is intended to measure. For 
the 3 JPY LIBOR settings, the FCA does not intend to renew the synthetic-methodology 
requirement, and publication will therefore cease at end-2022. 
In addition: 
• under Article 21A of the UK Benchmarks Regulation, where the administrator of a critical 
benchmark (such as LIBOR) has notified the FCA that it intends to cease providing such 
benchmark, and the FCA has completed its assessment in relation to the intended cessation, the 
FCA has power to prohibit some or all “new use” of the benchmark by “supervised entities” (as 
each term is defined in the UK Benchmarks Regulation); and 
• if the FCA considers that a critical benchmark (such as LIBOR) is not representative of the market 
or economic reality that it is intended to measure or that the representativeness of the benchmark 
is at risk, the FCA may, subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions, designate the relevant 
benchmark as an “Article 23A benchmark”. A consequence of a benchmark being designated as 
an Article 23A benchmark is that “supervised entities” are not permitted to “use” (as such term is 
defined in the UK Benchmarks Regulation) such benchmark except as permitted by the FCA. The 
FCA has power to postpone the prohibition on use of an Article 23A benchmark by supervised 
entities for up to four months from the effective date of designation of the benchmark as an Article 
23A benchmark, and also power to permit some or all “legacy use of the benchmark” (as such term 
is defined in the UK Benchmarks Regulation) by “supervised entities”. 
The above prohibitions on use will only apply to entities that are “supervised entities” for the 
purposes of the UK Benchmarks Regulation and will only prohibit “use of a benchmark” if the 
proposed activity amounts to “use” and is in respect of a financial instrument, financial contract or 
investment fund that is within the scope of the UK Benchmarks Regulation. While the the fallbacks 
set out in Condition 7.17 (Relevant Rates Benchmark Discontinuance or Prohibition on Use), 7.18 
(Effect of Benchmark Transition Event) and Condition 7.19 (General Fallback Arrangements) each 
contain triggers that would permit LIBOR to be replaced as the benchmark for the Notes following 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator 
of LIBOR announcing that the relevant LIBOR setting is no longer representative, it is possible 
that certain Notes that reference a LIBOR setting and in respect of which the relevant LIBOR 
setting has, for any reason, not been replaced by a replacement rate pursuant to the applicable 
fallbacks set out in Condition 7.17 (Relevant Rates Benchmark Discontinuance or Prohibition on 
Use), 7.18 (Effect of Benchmark Transition Event) or Condition 7.19 (General Fallback 
Arrangements) will continue to reference LIBOR (but in its “synthetic” form). Prospective 
investors in any Notes referencing LIBOR should be aware that synthetic LIBOR will not be 
representative of the underlying market or economic reality intended to be measured by the relevant 
LIBOR setting, will not be the same or equivalent to LIBOR and these differences, as well as the 
expected reduced liquidity in instruments referencing LIBOR, could adversely affect the value of 
and return on any such Notes linked to LIBOR and their secondary market prices. 
On 29 September 2021, the FCA published a notice under Article 23A(10)(b) of the UK 
Benchmarks Regulation setting out its decisions to designate the following benchmarks as "Article 
23A Benchmarks", effective on 1 January 2022: (a) 1-month, 3-month and 6-month sterling 
LIBOR and (b) 1-month, 3-month and 6-month Japanese yen LIBOR (i.e., the current "synthetic" 
tenors). Such designations taking effect resulted in "supervised entities" being prohibited from 
using the Article 23A LIBOR tenors, with certain exceptions granted only pursuant to Article 
23C(2) of the UK Benchmarks Regulation in relation to certain types of "legacy use of the 
benchmark".  
Any further exercise or proposed exercise by the FCA of its powers to require continued 
publication of LIBOR settings on a synthetic basis or on the ability for “supervised entities” (as 
defined in the UK Benchmarks Regulation) to use such synthetic LIBOR in financial instruments 
could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Notes linked to LIBOR 
(either directly or indirectly, e.g Notes linked to a rate where the underlying reference rate 
references a LIBOR-linked interest rate swap) and their secondary market prices.

--- Page 28 ---
10223680081-v22 
- 20 - 
70-41030080 
 
The reform and replacement of IBORs (including LIBOR) and the transition to risk free rates may 
cause the relevant IBOR to perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or to have 
other consequences that cannot be predicted. Any of these developments could have a material 
adverse effect on the value of and return on any Notes linked to such IBOR (either directly or 
indirectly) and their secondary market prices. Furthermore, such developments may trigger the 
applicable fallbacks that are contained in Conditions 7.17 (Relevant Rates Benchmark 
Discontinuance or Prohibition on Use) to 7.19 (General Fallback Arrangements) having the 
consequences and risks described below. 
1.16 
LIBOR, EURIBOR, SONIA, €STR, SARON, TONA and other benchmark rate 
discontinuance or prohibition on use may lead to adjustments to the terms of the Notes or an 
early redemption of the Notes 
Fallback arrangements where (i) the Relevant Rates Benchmark is other than U.S. dollar 
LIBOR or SOFR and (ii) the provisions of Condition 7.17 (Relevant Rates Benchmark 
Discontinuance or Prohibition on Use) are applicable 
In order to address the discontinuance of LIBOR (referred to above) and the risk of discontinuance 
of other reference rates, the Conditions include certain fallback provisions. These provisions apply 
to "Relevant Rates Benchmarks" (which will include LIBOR, EURIBOR, other similar interbank 
rates, SONIA, €STR, SARON and TONA). Unless otherwise specified in the Issue Terms, where 
ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Issue Terms as the manner in which the Floating 
Interest Rate is to be determined, the fallbacks described below will only apply after application of 
any ISDA Bespoke Fallbacks specified in the relevant Floating Rate Option to apply and the 
application of such ISDA Bespoke Fallbacks fails to provide a means of determining the relevant 
Floating Rate. The fallback provisions will be triggered if the Determination Agent determines that 
(i) the administrator or regulatory supervisor (or other applicable regulatory body) in connection 
with such Relevant Rates Benchmark announces that the administrator has ceased or will cease 
permanently or indefinitely to provide such Relevant Rates Benchmark and there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide the Relevant Rates Benchmark, (ii) where the Relevant 
Rates Benchmark is a LIBOR (other than U.S. dollar LIBOR), a public statement or publication of 
information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of the Relevant Rates Benchmark 
announcing that the Relevant Rates Benchmark is no longer representative, or (iii) unless otherwise 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, an Administrator/Benchmark Event occurs in relation to 
such Relevant Rates Benchmark. 
Following the occurrence of any of these events the Determination Agent may replace the Relevant 
Rates Benchmark with any "Alternative Pre-nominated Reference Rate" which has been specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms or if no Alternative Pre-nominated Reference Rate is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, with an alternative rate that is consistent with accepted market practice 
(the Alternative Pre-nominated Reference Rate or any such other alternative rate, the "Alternative 
Rate"). In an Alternative Rate is used then the Determination Agent may also make other 
adjustments to the Notes, including to the Alternative Rate and to the Margin, which are consistent 
with accepted market practice for the use of such Alternative Rate with debt obligations such as 
the Note. If the Determination Agent is unable to identify an Alternative Rate and determine the 
necessary adjustments to the terms of the Notes then the Issuer may redeem the Notes. The 
replacement of the Relevant Rates Benchmark by an Alternative Rate  and the making of other 
adjustments to the Notes and other determinations, decisions or elections that may be made under 
the terms of the Notes in connection with the replacement of a Relevant Rates Benchmark could 
adversely affect the value of the Notes, the return on the Notes and the price at which the 
Noteholder can sell such Notes. Any early redemption of the Notes will result in the Noteholder 
losing any future return on the Notes and may result in the Noteholder incurring a loss on its 
investment in the Notes. 
Any determination or decision of the Determination Agent described above will be made in the 
Determination Agent’s discretion (in some cases after consultation with the Issuer). Potential 
investors in any Notes that reference a Relevant Rates Benchmark (other than U.S dollar LIBOR 
or SOFR for the purposes of this risk factor 1.16) should be aware that (i) the composition and 
characteristics of the Alternative Rate  will not be the same as those of the Relevant Rates 
Benchmark which it replaces, the Alternative Rate  will not be the economic equivalent of the 
Relevant Rates Benchmark that it replaces, there can be no assurance that the Alternative Rate will

--- Page 29 ---
10223680081-v22 
- 21 - 
70-41030080 
 
perform in the same way as the Relevant Rates Benchmark that it replaces would have at any time 
and there is no guarantee that the Alternative  Rate will be a comparable substitute for the Relevant 
Rates Benchmark which it replaces, (each of which means that the replacement of the Relevant 
Rates Benchmark by the Alternative Rate could adversely affect the value of the Notes, the return 
on the Notes and the price at which the Noteholder can sell such Notes), (ii) any failure of the 
Alternative Rate (or adjustments made to it by the Determination Agent, including any 
compounding conventions) to gain market acceptance could adversely affect the Notes, (iii) the 
Alternative Rate may have a very limited history and the future performance of the Alternative 
Rate cannot be predicted based on historical performance, (iv) the secondary trading market for 
Notes linked to the Alternative Rate may be limited and (v) the administrator of the Alternative 
Rate may make changes that could change the value of the Alternative Rate or discontinue the 
Alternative Rate and has no obligation to consider the Noteholder’s interests in doing so. 
Prospective investors in any Notes for which the Relevant Rates Benchmark is a LIBOR (other 
than U.S. dollar LIBOR) should be aware that the Determination Agent, as the Issuer’s designee, 
has determined that the announcements made by ICE Benchmark Administration Limited and the 
FCA on 5 March 2021 have caused the events referred to in Condition 7.17 (Relevant Rates 
Benchmark Discontinuance or Prohibition on Use) (a) and/or (b) to occur and consequently the 
Determination Agent’s and the Issuer’s powers under Condition 7.17 (Relevant Rates Benchmark 
Discontinuance or Prohibition on Use)will be exercisable upon, or at any time following, the Issue 
Date of the relevant Notes. 
Fallback arrangements where the Relevant Rates Benchmark is U.S. dollar LIBOR or SOFR: 
If U.S. dollar LIBOR or SOFR is discontinued, any Floating Rate Notes referencing U.S. dollar 
LIBOR or SOFR will bear interest by reference to a different base rate, which could adversely 
affect the value of the Notes, the return on the Notes and the price at which the Noteholder can 
sell such Notes; there is no guarantee that any Benchmark Replacement will be a comparable 
substitute for U.S. dollar LIBOR or SOFR. 
If the Issuer or its designee determines that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related 
Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred in respect of U.S. dollar LIBOR (with the applicable 
period of maturity in the case of Screen Rate Determination or the applicable Designated Maturity 
in the case of ISDA Determination) and it cannot determine the Interpolated Benchmark as of the 
Benchmark Replacement Date (in the case of Notes referencing U.S. dollar LIBOR) or a 
Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred in 
respect of SOFR (in the case of Notes referencing SOFR), then the interest rate on the Notes will 
no longer be determined by reference to U.S. dollar LIBOR or SOFR (as the case may be), but 
instead will be determined by reference to a different base rate, which (in the case of Notes 
referencing U.S. dollar LIBOR) will be a different benchmark than U.S. dollar LIBOR or, (in the 
case of Notes referencing SOFR) will be a different benchmark than SOFR, plus a spread 
adjustment, which is referred to as a "Benchmark Replacement," as further described in the relevant 
terms and conditions. In such a case with respect to U.S. dollar LIBOR, in the first instance, the 
interest rate on the Notes will be determined based on Fallback Term SOFR, which is a forward-
looking term rate based on SOFR that is currently being considered for development by the 
Alternative Reference Rates Committee (the "ARRC"), a group of private-market participants 
convened by the Federal Reserve Board and the Federal Reserve Bank of New York to help ensure 
a successful transition from U.S. dollar LIBOR to SOFR. There can be no assurance that the 
development of a Fallback Term SOFR will be completed and selected or recommended by the 
ARRC.  
If a particular Benchmark Replacement or Benchmark Replacement Adjustment cannot be 
determined, then the next-available Benchmark Replacement or Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment will apply. These replacement rates and adjustments may be selected, recommended 
or formulated by (i) the Relevant Governmental Body (such as the ARRC), (ii) ISDA or (iii) in 
certain circumstances, the Issuer or its designee. In addition, the terms of the Notes expressly 
authorise the Issuer or its designee to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes with 
respect to, among other things, changes to the definition of "interest period", timing and frequency 
of determining rates and making payments of interest and other administrative matters. The 
determination of a Benchmark Replacement, the calculation of the interest rate on the Notes by 
reference to a Benchmark Replacement (including the application of a Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment), any implementation of Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes and any other

--- Page 30 ---
10223680081-v22 
- 22 - 
70-41030080 
 
determinations, decisions or elections that may be made under the terms of the Notes in connection 
with a Benchmark Transition Event could adversely affect the value of the Notes, the return on the 
Notes and the price at which the Noteholder can sell such Notes. 
Any determination, decision or election described above will be made in the Issuer’s or its 
designee’s sole discretion.  
Potential investors in any Notes that reference either U.S dollar LIBOR or SOFR should be aware 
that (i) the composition and characteristics of the Benchmark Replacement will not be the same as 
those of U.S. dollar LIBOR or SOFR (as the case may be), the Benchmark Replacement will not 
be the economic equivalent of U.S. dollar LIBOR or SOFR (as the case may be), there can be no 
assurance that the Benchmark Replacement will perform in the same way as U.S. dollar LIBOR or 
SOFR would have at any time and there is no guarantee that the Benchmark Replacement will be 
a comparable substitute for U.S. dollar LIBOR or SOFR (each of which means that a Benchmark 
Transition Event could adversely affect the value of the Notes, the return on the Notes and the price 
at which the Noteholder can sell such Notes), (ii) any failure of the Benchmark Replacement to 
gain market acceptance could adversely affect the Notes, (iii) the Benchmark Replacement may 
have a very limited history and the future performance of the Benchmark Replacement cannot be 
predicted based on historical performance, (iv) the secondary trading market for Notes linked to 
the Benchmark Replacement may be limited and (v) the administrator of the Benchmark 
Replacement may make changes that could change the value of the Benchmark Replacement or 
discontinue the Benchmark Replacement and has no obligation to consider the Noteholder’s 
interests in doing so. 
For example, in the case of Notes that initially reference U.S. dollar LIBOR if the Benchmark 
Replacement is a Fallback Term SOFR or Fallback Compounded SOFR, as adjusted as described 
herein, the composition and characteristics of SOFR are not the same as those of U.S. dollar LIBOR 
and the Benchmark Replacement, as so adjusted, will not be the economic equivalent of U.S. dollar 
LIBOR. Furthermore, a Benchmark Replacement of Fallback Term SOFR (if developed and 
selected or recommended by the ARRC) or Fallback Compounded SOFR, even with the 
application of a Benchmark Replacement Adjustment and any implementation of Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes, will not have the same composition and characteristics as those 
of LIBOR and there is no guarantee that such Benchmark Replacement, as so adjusted, will be 
suitable as a substitute for LIBOR. For additional information regarding SOFR, see "Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate" above. 
Prospective investors in any Notes for which the Relevant Rates Benchmark is U.S. dollar LIBOR 
should be aware that the Determination Agent, as the Issuer’s designee, has determined that the 
announcements made by ICE Benchmark Administration Limited and the FCA on 5 March 2021 
constitute a Benchmark Transition Event, although any Benchmark Replacement and Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes pursuant to Condition 7.18 (Effect of Benchmark Transition 
Event) in respect of such Benchmark Transition Event will not take effect unless and until the 
related Benchmark Replacement Date occurs. 
See also the risk factors entitled "Risk Factors—Reform of LIBOR and EURIBOR and other 
interest rate index", "—Potential Replacement of LIBOR May Adversely Affect the Return on Any 
Securities Linked to LIBOR and their Secondary Market Prices" and "—LIBOR, EURIBOR and 
other benchmark rate discontinuance or prohibition on use may lead to adjustments to the terms 
of the Notes or an early redemption of the Notes" above. 
Fallback arrangements – general 
The application of any of these fallbacks may adversely affect the value of the Noteholder’s 
investment in the Notes. 
If neither of the fallbacks described above in "Fallback arrangements where (i) the Relevant Rates 
Benchmark is other than U.S. dollar LIBOR or SOFR and (ii) the provisions of Condition 7.17 
(Relevant Rates Benchmark Discontinuance or Prohibition on Use) are applicable" or "Fallback 
arrangements where the Relevant Rates Benchmark is U.S. dollar LIBOR or SOFR: If U.S. dollar 
LIBOR or SOFR is discontinued, any Floating Rate Notes referencing U.S. dollar LIBOR or SOFR 
will bear interest by reference to a different base rate, which could adversely affect the value of

--- Page 31 ---
10223680081-v22 
- 23 - 
70-41030080 
 
the Notes, the return on the Notes and the price at which the Noteholder can sell such Notes; there 
is no guarantee that any Benchmark Replacement will be a comparable substitute for U.S. dollar 
LIBOR or SOFR" applies, and (a) LIBOR, EURIBOR, SONIA , €STR, SARON or TONA has 
been permanently discontinued or (b) where the Relevant Rates Benchmark is a LIBOR (other than 
U.S. dollar LIBOR), a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor 
for the administrator of the Relevant Rates Benchmark announcing that the Relevant Rates 
Benchmark is no longer representative occurs, the Determination Agent will use, as a substitute 
for LIBOR, EURIBOR, SONIA, €STR, SARON or TONA (as the case may be), and for each 
future Interest Determination Date, the alternative reference rate selected by the central bank, 
reserve bank, monetary authority or any similar institution (including any committee or working 
group thereof) in the jurisdiction of the applicable index currency that is consistent with accepted 
market practice. 
The Determination Agent will also make other adjustments to the Notes, including to the new rate 
and to the Margin, which are consistent with accepted market practice for the use of such 
alternative rate for debt obligations such as the Notes. 
However, in the case of EURIBOR only, if the Determination Agent determines that no such 
alternative rate exists on the relevant date, it will make a determination of an alternative rate as a 
substitute for EURIBOR, for debt obligations such as the Notes, as well as other adjustments to 
the Notes, including to the new rate and to the Margin, that is consistent with accepted market 
practice. 
Unless otherwise specified in the Issue Terms, where ISDA Determination is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms as the manner in which the Floating Interest Rate is to be determined, the 
fallbacks described above will only apply after application of any ISDA Bespoke Fallbacks 
specified in the relevant Floating Rate Option to apply and the application of such ISDA Bespoke 
Fallbacks fails to provide a means of determining the relevant Floating Rate. 
The replacement of LIBOR, EURIBOR, SONIA, €STR, SARON or TONA  by an alternative rate 
and the making of other adjustments to the Notes and other determinations, decisions or elections 
that may be made under the terms of the Notes in connection with the replacement of LIBOR, 
EURIBOR, SONIA, €STR, SARON or TONA could adversely affect the value of the Notes, the 
return on the Notes and the price at which the Noteholder can sell such Notes. 
Any determination or decision described above will be made in the Determination Agent’s 
discretion (after consultation with the Issuer). 
Potential investors in any Notes that reference LIBOR, EURIBOR, SONIA, €STR, SARON or 
TONA  should be aware that (i) the composition and characteristics of the alternative rate will not 
be the same as those of the Relevant Rates Benchmark which it replaces, the alternative rate will 
not be the economic equivalent of the Relevant Rates Benchmark that it replaces, there can be no 
assurance that the alternative rate will perform in the same way as the Relevant Rates Benchmark 
that it replaces would have at any time and there is no guarantee that the alternative rate will be a 
comparable substitute for the Relevant Rates Benchmark which it replaces, (each of which means 
that the replacement of the Relevant Rates Benchmark by the alternative rate could adversely affect 
the value of the Notes, the return on the Notes and the price at which the Noteholder can sell such 
Notes), (ii) any failure of the alternative rate to gain market acceptance could adversely affect the 
Notes, (iii) the alternative rate may have a very limited history and the future performance of the 
alternative rate cannot be predicted based on historical performance, (iv) the secondary trading 
market for Notes linked to the alternative rate may be limited and (v) the administrator of the 
alternative rate may make changes that could change the value of the alternative rate or discontinue 
the alternative rate and has no obligation to consider the Noteholder’s interests in doing so. 
Prospective investors should review the Conditions to ascertain whether and how such 
provisions apply to the Notes and what constitutes an Administrator/Benchmark Event. 
ISDA Determination and Fallbacks 
In the case where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Issue Terms as the manner in 
which the Floating Interest Rate is to be determined, and the application of any ISDA Bespoke

--- Page 32 ---
10223680081-v22 
- 24 - 
70-41030080 
 
Fallbacks specified in the relevant Floating Rate Option results in a replacement of, modification 
to, or change in the method of calculating, the Floating Rate (or the index, benchmark or other 
price source that is referred to in the Floating Rate Option), the Determination Agent may, after 
consultation with the Issuer, determine any adjustments to the Floating Rate and the Margin 
(including any adjustment spread) as well as the applicable Business Day Convention, Interest 
Determination Dates (or any other rate fixing dates) and related provisions and definitions of the 
Notes, in each case that are consistent with accepted market practice for the use of such 
replacement or modified Floating Rate for debt obligations such as the Notes. The making of such 
adjustments to the Notes and other determinations could adversely affect the value of the Notes, 
the return on the Notes and the price at which the Noteholder can sell such Notes.  
1.17 
Administrator/Benchmark Events 
A Relevant Rates Benchmark (or an administrator or sponsor thereof) may be required to be 
authorised, registered, recognised, endorsed or otherwise included in an official register in order 
for the Issuer, the Determination Agent or the Calculation Agent to be permitted to use the Relevant 
Rates Benchmark and perform their respective obligations under the Notes. If the Determination 
Agent determines that such a requirement applies to the administrator or sponsor (or the Relevant 
Rates Benchmark) but it has not been satisfied then an "Administrator/Benchmark Event" will 
occur and the Determination Agent or the Issuer may then apply certain fallbacks. For the 
avoidance of doubt, Administrator/Benchmark Events shall not apply where the Relevant Rates 
Benchmark is U.S. dollar LIBOR. 
In the case where the Notes reference a Relevant Rates Benchmark, the fallbacks summarised in 
the risk factor entitled "LIBOR, EURIBOR, SONIA and other benchmark rate discontinuance or 
prohibition on use may lead to adjustments to the terms of the Notes or an early redemption of the 
Notes" above will apply. Holders of the Notes should be aware that such adjustments to the terms 
of the Notes or early redemption of the Notes may adversely impact the return on and value of the 
Notes. 
1.18 
Specific risks relating to Notes referencing SOFR, SONIA, €STR, SARON or TONA   
The following sets out a number of additional risks specific to Notes that reference SOFR,  SONIA, 
€STR, SARON or TONA (each of which is referred to as a (nearly) risk free rate or an “RFR”). 
Certain RFRs have limited histories; the future performance of an RFR cannot be predicted 
based on historical performance. 
The publication of €STR began on October 2, 2019 and publication of SOFR began on April 3, 
2018 and these RFRs therefore have very limited histories. The publication of SONIA on the basis 
of its present methodology began on April 24, 2018. The publication of SARON began on August 
25, 2009. In addition, the future performance of RFRs (as the case may be) cannot be predicted 
based on the limited historical performance. The level of  an RFR during the term of the Notes may 
bear little or no relation to its historical level. Prior observed patterns, if any, in the behaviour of 
market variables and their relation to an RFR, such as correlations, may change in the future. In 
the case of SOFR, while some pre-publication historical data have been released by the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York (the "New York Federal Reserve"), such analysis inherently involves 
assumptions, estimates and approximations. 
The future performance of an RFR is impossible to predict and therefore no future performance of 
an RFR or the Notes may be inferred from any of the historical performance or historical 
simulations. Hypothetical or historical performance data are not indicative of, and have no bearing 
on, the potential performance of an RFR or the Notes. Changes in the levels of the relevant RFR 
referenced by the Notes will affect the return on the Notes and the trading price of such Notes, but 
it is impossible to predict whether such levels will rise or fall. There can be no assurance that the 
relevant RFR referenced by the Notes will be positive. 
The composition and characteristics of an RFR are not the same as those of LIBOR and there 
is no guarantee that a compounded RFR is a comparable substitute for LIBOR.

--- Page 33 ---
10223680081-v22 
- 25 - 
70-41030080 
 
In December 2016, the Japanese Study Group on Risk-Free Reference Rates announced TONA as 
its preferred risk free rate for Japanese yen. In April 2017, the Working Group on Sterling Risk-
Free Reference Rates announced SONIA as its preferred risk- free rate for sterling. In June 2017, 
the ARRC announced SOFR as its recommended alternative to U.S. dollar LIBOR. In October 
2017, the Swiss National Working Group on Swiss Franc Reference Rates recommended SARON 
as the alternative to Swiss franc LIBOR. In September 2018, the Working Group on euro risk free 
rates recommended €STR as the euro risk free rate. However, the composition and characteristics 
of each of these RFRs are not the same as those of LIBOR. 
SOFR is a broad Treasury repo financing rate that represents overnight secured funding 
transactions. SARON represents the overnight interest rate of the secured money market for Swiss 
francs. This means that each of SOFR and SARON is fundamentally different from LIBOR for 
two key reasons.  
First, each of SOFR and SARON is a secured rate, while LIBOR is an unsecured rate. Second, 
each of SOFR and SARON is an overnight rate, while LIBOR represents interbank funding over 
different maturities. SONIA is a measure of the rate at which interest is paid on sterling short-term 
wholesale funds in circumstances where credit, liquidity and other risks are minimal. €STR is a 
rate which reflects the wholesale euro unsecured overnight borrowing costs of euro area banks. 
TONA represents the weighted average of call rates for uncollateralized overnight transactions in 
Japanese yen. While SONIA, €STR, TONA and LIBOR are all unsecured rates, SONIA, €STR 
and TONA are solely overnight rates unlike LIBOR which represents interbank funding over 
different maturities. 
As a result, there can be no assurance that an RFR will perform in the same way as LIBOR would 
have at any time, including, without limitation, as a result of changes in interest and yield rates in 
the market, market volatility or global, national or regional economic, financial, political, 
regulatory, judicial or other events. For example, since publication of SOFR began on April 3, 
2018, daily changes in SOFR have, on occasion, been more volatile than daily changes in 
comparable benchmark or other market rates. For additional information regarding SOFR, see 
"Secured Overnight Financing Rate" above. 
The secondary trading market for Notes linked to an RFR may be limited. 
Since some of the RFRs are relatively new market rates or have only recently been adopted as a 
benchmark rate for bonds, the trading market in debt securities such as the Notes may not develop 
or may not be very liquid. Market terms for debt securities linked to an RFR (such as the Notes) 
may evolve over time and, as a result, trading prices of the Notes may be lower than those of later-
issued debt securities that are linked to the same RFR. Similarly, if an RFR does not prove to be 
widely used in debt securities similar to the Notes, the trading price of the Notes may be lower than 
that of debt securities linked to rates that are more widely used. 
Investors in the Notes may not be able to sell such Notes at all or may not be able to sell such Notes 
at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a 
developed secondary market. Further, investors wishing to sell the Notes in the secondary market 
will have to make assumptions as to the future performance of the relevant RFR. As a result, 
investors may suffer from increased pricing volatility and market risk.  
The administrator of the relevant RFR may make changes that could change the value of the 
benchmark or discontinue the benchmark and has no obligation to consider Noteholders’ 
interests in doing so. 
The New York Federal Reserve (or a successor), as administrator of SOFR, the Bank of England 
(or a successor), as administrator of SONIA, the European Central Bank (or a successor) as 
administrator of €STR, SIX Index AG (or a successor) as administrator of SARON or the Bank of 
Japan (or a successor) as administrator of TONA may make methodological or other changes that 
could change the value of the relevant RFR, including changes related to the method by which the 
relevant rate is calculated, eligibility criteria applicable to the transactions used to calculate the 
relevant rate, or timing related to the publication of the relevant rate. In addition, the administrator 
may alter, discontinue or suspend calculation or dissemination of the relevant RFR (in which case 
a fallback method of determining the interest rate on the Notes will apply). The administrator has

--- Page 34 ---
10223680081-v22 
- 26 - 
70-41030080 
 
no obligation to consider Noteholders’ interests in calculating, adjusting, converting, revising or 
discontinuing the relevant rate and any such calculations, adjustments, conversion, revision or 
discontinuation could adversely affect the return on the Notes, the value of the Notes and the price 
at which the Noteholder can sell such Notes. 
The interest rate on the Notes is based on a daily compounded RFR rate, which is relatively new 
in the marketplace; different conventions exist for calculating interest on RFR-linked Notes 
For each Interest Period for Notes linked to an RFR, the interest rate on the Notes is based on a 
daily compounded RFR calculated using the specific formula specified in the Conditions and the 
Issue Terms, or the specified ISDA Rate not the RFR published on or in respect of a particular date 
during such Interest Period, or an average of the relevant RFR rates during such period. For this 
and other reasons, the interest rate on the Notes during any Interest Period will not be the same as 
the interest rate on other investments linked to the same RFR that use an alternative basis to 
determine the applicable interest rate. Further, unless in the case of an ISDA Rate “Daily Floored 
Rate” is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms and the Daily Floored Rate is zero or 
above, if the relevant RFRin respect of a particular date during an Interest Period is negative, the 
portion of the accrued compounded interest compounding factor specifically attributable to such 
date will be less than one, resulting in a reduction to the accrued interest compounding factor used 
to calculate the interest payable on the Notes on the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period. 
Very limited market precedent exists for securities that use SOFR and certain other RFRs as the 
interest rate and, in addition, for each RFR, different market conventions exist for calculating 
interest on debt securities. Accordingly, the specific formula for the daily compounded  RFR used 
in the Notes may not be widely adopted by other market participants, if at all. If the market adopts 
a different convention for calculating interest, that would likely adversely affect the market value 
of such Notes. 
The amount of interest payable with respect to each Interest Period will be determined near the 
end of the Interest Period. 
The amount of interest payable with respect to such Interest Period will be determined on a date 
near the end of such Interest Period, Noteholders will not know the amount of interest payable with 
respect to each such Interest Period until shortly prior to the related Interest Payment Date and it 
may be difficult for Noteholders to reliably estimate the amount of interest that will be payable on 
each such Interest Payment Date. 
The Issuer, its subsidiaries or affiliates may publish research that could affect the market value 
of the Notes. They also may hedge the Issuer’s obligations under such Notes.  
The Issuer or one or more of its affiliates may, at present or in the future, publish research reports 
with respect to movements in interest rates generally, the LIBOR transition or any of the RFRs 
specifically. This research is modified from time to time without notice and may express opinions 
or provide recommendations that are inconsistent with purchasing or holding the Notes. Any of 
these activities may affect the market value of such Notes. In addition, the issuer’s subsidiaries 
may hedge the Issuer’s obligations under the Notes and they may realize a profit from that hedging 
activity even if investors do not receive a favourable investment return under the terms of such 
Notes or in any secondary market transaction. 
Reliance on third parties 
Each RFR is published and calculated by third parties based on data received from other sources 
and none of the Issuer, the Determination Agent or the Calculation Agent has any control over the 
determinations, calculations or publications of any such third parties.  
Market Adoption 
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of the relevant RFR (one using a 
different convention to calculating interest including using an RFR screen based rate) that differs 
significantly from that set out in the Conditions and used in relation to Notes that reference a risk-
free rate issued under this Base Prospectus and this may adversely affect the value of the Notes.

--- Page 35 ---
10223680081-v22 
- 27 - 
70-41030080 
 
Potential investors in the Notes should carefully consider how any mismatch between the adoption 
of such reference rates in the bond, loan and derivatives markets may impact any hedging or other 
financial arrangements which they may put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding or 
disposal of any Notes. 
Where SOFR/SONIA/€STR/SARON/TONA Compound with “Payment Delay” applies, in 
determining the compounded RFR for the final Interest Period, the level of the relevant RFR 
for any day from and including the relevant SOFR/SONIA/€STR/SARON/TONA Rate Cut-Off 
Date to but excluding the Maturity Date or redemption date, as applicable, will be the level of 
the relevant RFR in respect of such Rate Cut-off Date. 
Where SOFR/SONIA/€STR/SARON/TONA Compound with “Payment Delay” applies, for the 
final Interest Period, because the level of the relevant RFR for any day from and including the 
SOFR/SONIA/€STR/SARON/TONA Rate Cut-off Date to but excluding the Maturity Date or 
redemption date, as applicable, will be the level of the relevant RFR in respect of such Rate Cut- 
Off Date, Noteholders will not receive the benefit of any increase in the level in respect of the 
relevant RFR beyond the level for such date in connection with the determination of the interest 
payable with respect to such Interest Period, which could adversely impact the amount of interest 
payable with respect to that Interest Period. 
1.19 
Additional Risks relating to SOFR-linked Notes 
Any failure of SOFR to gain market acceptance could adversely affect Notes linked to SOFR. 
SOFR may fail to gain market acceptance. SOFR was developed for use in certain U.S. dollar 
derivatives and other financial contracts as an alternative to U.S. dollar LIBOR in part because it 
is considered a good representation of general funding conditions in the overnight Treasury repo 
market. However, as a rate based on transactions secured by U.S. Treasury securities, it does not 
measure bank-specific credit risk and, as a result, is less likely to correlate with the unsecured 
short-term funding costs of banks. This may mean that market participants would not consider 
SOFR a suitable substitute or successor for all of the purposes for which LIBOR historically has 
been used (including, without limitation, as a representation of the unsecured short-term funding 
costs of banks), which may, in turn, lessen market acceptance of SOFR. Any failure of SOFR to 
gain market acceptance could adversely affect the return on the Notes and the price at which the 
Noteholder can sell such Notes. 
 
1.20 
Applicable Resolution Powers  
Powers under the Banking Act 2009. 
MSI plc, as an investment firm for the purposes of the Banking Act 2009 (the "Banking Act"), is 
subject to provisions of that Act which give wide powers in respect of U.K. banks, their parent and 
other group companies and investment firms (such as MSI plc) to HM Treasury, the Bank of 
England, the Prudential Regulation Authority and the FCA (each a "relevant U.K. Regulatory 
Authority") in circumstances where the relevant U.K. bank or investment firm (a "relevant 
financial institution") has encountered or is likely to encounter financial difficulties.  The Banking 
Act implemented the provisions of Directive 2014/59/EU (the "Bank Recovery and Resolution 
Directive" or "BRRD"), and was recently amended by, amongst other statutory instruments, The 
Bank Recovery and Resolution (Amendment) (EU Exit) Regulations 2020, which implement into 
UK law certain of the recent amendments to BRRD which were required to be implemented prior 
to the UK leaving the EU.  
These powers include powers to: (a) transfer all or some of the liability in respect of the securities 
issued by a relevant financial institution, or all or some of the property, rights and liabilities of a 
relevant financial institution (which could include instruments issued by MSI plc), to a commercial 
purchaser or, in the case of securities, to HM Treasury or an HM Treasury nominee, or, in the case 
of property, rights or liabilities, to an entity owned by the Bank of England; (b) override any default 
provisions in contracts or other agreements, including provisions that would otherwise allow a 
party to terminate a contract or accelerate the payment of an obligation; (c) commence certain

--- Page 36 ---
10223680081-v22 
- 28 - 
70-41030080 
 
insolvency procedures in relation to a relevant financial institution; and (d) override, vary or 
impose contractual obligations, for reasonable consideration, between a relevant financial 
institution  or  its parent and its group undertakings (including undertakings which have ceased to 
be members of the group), in order to enable any transferee or successor of the relevant financial 
institution to operate effectively.  The Banking Act also gives power to HM Treasury to make 
further amendments to the law for the purpose of enabling it to use the special resolution regime 
powers effectively, potentially with retrospective effect.  
By reason of its group relationship with certain other Morgan Stanley Group companies (including 
companies incorporated outside the U.K.) which are banks, investment firms or third–country 
institutions for the purposes of the Banking Act, MSI plc is a banking group company within the 
meaning of the Banking Act.  Accordingly, the relevant U.K. Regulatory Authority can exercise 
substantially similar special resolution powers in respect of MSI plc in its capacity as a banking 
group company where the Prudential Regulation Authority or third country authority having 
jurisdiction over the relevant Morgan Stanley Group company is satisfied that such Morgan Stanley 
Group company meets the relevant conditions for resolution action (including that it is failing or 
likely to fail, that it is not reasonably likely that other measures would prevent its failure, and that 
it is in the public interest to exercise those powers) or that it satisfies an equivalent test in the 
relevant jurisdiction (irrespective of whether at that time MSI plc is failing or likely to fail). 
Additionally, where a relevant third country Morgan Stanley Group company becomes subject to 
resolution or similar measures, the relevant U.K. Regulatory Authority may recognise the 
application of some of those measures to MSI plc (irrespective of whether at that time MSI plc is 
failing or likely to fail). 
Write-down and conversion of capital instruments and liabilities power and bail-in power. 
The powers granted to the relevant U.K. Regulatory Authority include (but are not limited to) a 
"writedown and conversion of capital instruments and liabilities" power and a "bail-in" power.  
The "write-down and conversion of capital instruments and liabilities power" may be used where 
the relevant U.K. Regulatory Authority has determined that the institution concerned has reached 
the point of non-viability, but that no bail-in of instruments other than capital instruments or (where 
the institution concerned is not a resolution entity) certain internal non-own funds liabilities 
("relevant internal liabilities") is required (however the use of the write-down and conversion 
power does not preclude a subsequent use of the bail-in power) or where the conditions to 
resolution are met. Any write-down or conversion effected using this power must be carried out in 
a specific order such that common equity must be written off, cancelled or appropriated from the 
existing shareholders in full before additional tier 1instruments are affected, additional tier 1 
instruments must be written off or converted in full before tier 2 instruments are affected and (in 
the case of a non-resolution entity) tier 2 instruments must be written off or converted in full before 
relevant internal liabilities are affected. Where the write-down and conversion of capital 
instruments and liabilities power is used, the write-down is permanent and investors receive no 
compensation (save that common equity tier 1 instruments may be required to be issued to holders 
of written-down instruments). The write-down and conversion of capital instruments and liabilities 
power is not subject to the "no creditor worse off" safeguard (unlike the bail-in power described 
below). 
The "bail-in" power gives the relevant U.K. Regulatory Authority the power, in relation to a failing 
relevant financial institution or a banking group company in respect of a bank, investment firm or 
third-country institution (whether or not incorporated in the U.K.) which is failing or likely to fail, 
to cancel all or a portion of the principal amount of, or interest on, certain unsecured liabilities of 
a failing financial institution or its holding company, and/or to convert certain debt claims into 
another security, including ordinary shares of the surviving entity, if any.  Under the Banking Act, 
such power could be utilised in relation to MSI plc were it to be failing or likely to fail, or were a 
bank, investment firm or third-country institution (whether or not incorporated in the U.K.) in 
respect of which MSI plc is a banking group company to be failing or likely to fail. Were such 
power to be utilised in relation to MSI plc, it could be utilised in relation to securities issued by 
MSI plc.  
The Banking Act requires the relevant U.K. Regulatory Authority to apply the "bail-in" power in 
accordance with a specified preference order which differs from the ordinary insolvency order.  In

--- Page 37 ---
10223680081-v22 
- 29 - 
70-41030080 
 
particular, the relevant U.K. Regulatory Authority must write-down or convert debts in the 
following order: (i) additional tier 1, (ii) tier 2, (iii) other subordinated claims and (iv) certain senior 
claims. The bail-in power  is subject to the "no creditor worse off" safeguard, under which any 
shareholder  or creditor which receives less favourable treatment the institution  entered into 
insolvency may be entitled to compensation. 
Although the exercise of the bail-in power under the Banking Act is subject to certain pre-
conditions, there remains uncertainty regarding the specific factors (including, but not limited to, 
factors outside the control of MSI plc or not directly related to MSI plc) which the relevant U.K. 
Regulatory Authority would consider in deciding whether to exercise such power with respect to 
MSI plc and its securities.  Moreover, as the relevant U.K. Regulatory Authority may have 
considerable discretion in relation to how and when it may exercise such power, holders of 
securities issued by MSI plc may not be able to refer to publicly available criteria in order to 
anticipate a potential exercise of such power and consequently its potential effect on MSI plc and 
securities issued by MSI plc. 
Other powers. 
As well as a "write-down and conversion of capital instruments and liabilities power" and a "bail-
in" power, the powers of the relevant U.K. Regulatory Authority under the Banking Act include 
broad powers to (i) direct the sale of the relevant financial institution or the whole or part of its 
business on commercial terms without requiring the consent of the shareholders or complying with 
the procedural requirements that would otherwise apply, (ii) transfer all or part of the business of 
the relevant financial institution to a "bridge institution" (an entity created for such purpose that is 
wholly or partially in public control) and (iii) separate assets by transferring impaired or problem 
assets to one or more publicly-owned asset management vehicles to allow them to be managed 
with a view to maximising their value through eventual sale or orderly wind-down (this can be 
used together with another resolution tool only). The Bank of England has broad powers to make 
one or more share transfer instruments (in the case of a transfer to a private sector purchaser 
described in (i) or a transfer to a "bridge institution" in the case of (ii)) or one or more property 
transfer instruments (in all three cases).  A transfer pursuant to a share transfer instrument or a 
property transfer instrument will take effect despite any restriction arising by virtue of contract or 
legislation or in any other way.  
In addition, the Banking Act gives the relevant U.K. Regulatory Authority power to amend the 
maturity date and/or any interest payment date of debt instruments or other eligible liabilities of 
the relevant financial institution and/or impose a temporary suspension of payments and/or 
discontinue the listing and admission to trading of debt instruments.  
The exercise by the relevant U.K. Regulatory Authority of any of the above powers under the 
Banking Act (including especially the write-down and conversion of capital instruments power and 
the bail-in power) could lead to the holders of securities issued by MSI plc losing some or all of 
their investment.  Moreover, trading behaviour in relation to the securities issued by MSI plc, 
including market prices and volatility, may be affected by the use or any suggestion of the use of 
these powers and accordingly, in such circumstances, such securities are not necessarily expected 
to follow the trading behaviour associated with other types of securities.  There can be no assurance 
that the taking of any actions under the Banking Act by the relevant U.K. Regulatory Authority or 
the manner in which its powers under the Banking Act are exercised will not materially adversely 
affect the rights of holders of securities issued by MSI plc, the market value of an investment in 
such securities and/or MSI plc's ability to satisfy its obligations under such securities.  
 
2. 
RISKS RELATING TO THE SECURED ASSETS 
2.1 
Valuation of the Posted Collateral and Margin Transfers 
Any prospective holder of a Series of Notes considering whether to invest in such Notes should 
evaluate, among other things, the criteria that the Posted Collateral is required to satisfy, as 
disclosed in this Base Prospectus and the Issue Terms relating to the particular Series of Notes.  
This Base Prospectus does not contain any information regarding the individual Posted Collateral

--- Page 38 ---
10223680081-v22 
- 30 - 
70-41030080 
 
on which the Notes will be secured from time to time.  While a prospective investor in any of the 
Notes will have the opportunity to assess the relevant eligibility criteria with respect to a Series of 
Notes prior to purchasing the Notes, Noteholders will not generally have an opportunity to evaluate 
for themselves the relevant economic, financial and other information in relation to specific items 
of Eligible Collateral prior to such Eligible Collateral being posted by the Issuer. 
As the Posted Collateral may comprise illiquid assets (as to which investors should review the 
applicable Collateral Schedule), it may be difficult to accurately and reliably value such Posted 
Collateral.  The valuation of illiquid assets will be determined by one or more of the Collateral 
Verification Agents and may be effected by reference to the Issuer's own records and external and 
internal pricing sources.  However, the ultimate liquidation value may be higher (or lower) than 
any such sources may ascribe to such asset at any given time. 
2.2 
Currency Risk relating to the Posted Collateral 
Some or all of the Posted Collateral relating to a Series of Notes may be denominated in a different 
currency to that of the Notes.  To the extent this is the case, the Noteholders will be subject to 
foreign exchange risk.  The Minimum Collateralisation Value in respect of a Series of Notes is 
determined by reference to the Specified Currency of that Series of Notes and in determining the 
aggregate Value of the Posted Collateral, the Value of any Posted Collateral denominated in an 
currency other than the relevant Specified Currency will be converted to the relevant Specified 
Currency at the applicable foreign exchange rate as determined in accordance with the Collateral 
Service Agreement and the Collateral Administration and Reporting Agreement.  Such foreign 
exchange rates may be subject to the risk of significant fluctuations and/or the imposition or 
modification of exchange controls by the relevant governmental authorities.  These risks are further 
described in Section 1.12 (Currency Risk relating to the Notes) above and the Issuer will take steps 
to mitigate this risk by maintaining the aggregate Value of the Posted Collateral at or above the 
Minimum Collateralisation Value on a daily basis. 
However, if the Issuer is in default under the Notes and the Security over the Secured Assets is 
enforced, Noteholders will be exposed to any changes in exchange rates during the time it takes to 
enforce the security and liquidate the Posted Collateral which could materially adversely affect the 
return on the Notes. 
2.3 
Insolvency Considerations relating to the Issuer 
The ability of the Trustee to take action against the Issuer (including in respect of the Posted 
Collateral) will be subject to applicable insolvency and other laws. 
The Issuer will, among other things, grant a security interest (the "Series Security") over the Posted 
Collateral relating to a particular Series of Notes to be held by the Trustee for, among others, the 
holders of the Notes of that Series.  The Series Security is likely to constitute a floating charge for 
the purposes of the Companies Act 2006 and the applicable insolvency laws. 
A number of insolvency and security laws do not apply to security interests created or arising under 
a "financial collateral arrangement" within the meaning of the Financial Collateral Arrangements 
(No. 2) Regulations 2003 (as amended from time to time) (the "Regulations").  For example, the 
Companies Act 2006 requires floating charges granted by English obligors to be registered in order 
to be enforceable against an administrator, liquidator or any creditor of the Issuer; however, such 
registration is not necessary if the charge is a financial collateral arrangement. 
The Issuer believes that, to the extent that the Posted Collateral constitutes financial collateral, the 
Series Security will qualify as a financial collateral arrangement. However, because there is legal 
uncertainty regarding the exact application of the Regulations, it is possible that an English court 
would come to a different conclusion.  The Issuer will register the Series Security to mitigate this 
risk. 
If the Series Security is not a financial collateral arrangement, then, upon the Issuer's insolvency, 
Noteholders face the following risks: 
(a) 
An administrator of an English company has the power to dispose of property of the 
company which is subject to a floating charge as if it were not subject to that security

--- Page 39 ---
10223680081-v22 
- 31 - 
70-41030080 
 
interest.  If the Issuer was placed into administration and the Series Security was found 
not to be a financial collateral arrangement, the Issuer's administrator could dispose of the 
Posted Collateral.  The administrator's remuneration and expenses (which could be 
substantial with respect to a company such as the Issuer), together with any other 
preferential debts and statutory charges of the Issuer, would be payable out of the Issuer's 
assets (including the Posted Collateral) in priority to the obligations secured by the Series 
Security. In addition, expenses in relation to certain other insolvency procedures (e.g. if a 
full winding up takes place) may occur instead of and in addition to the costs set out above 
and such costs would also be paid in preference to a floating charge holder and out of 
assets subject to such floating charge. 
(b) 
Upon the appointment of an administrator, no step may be taken by either secured or 
unsecured creditors to enforce security (which is not a financial collateral arrangement) 
over the company's property, except with the consent of the administrator or leave of the 
court. If the Issuer becomes subject to administration proceedings and the Series Security 
is not a financial collateral arrangement, the Series Security could not be enforced without 
the leave of the court or consent of the administrator. 
Accordingly, where the Series Security is found not to be a financial collateral arrangement, the 
Realisation Proceeds obtained by the Trustee (on the Noteholders' behalf) may be significantly 
less, and the process for obtaining such Realisation Proceeds may be significantly longer, than if 
the Series Security were a financial collateral arrangement. 
2.4 
Insolvency considerations relating to Posted Collateral 
If a Collateral Obligor defaults in respect of any Posted Collateral, such defaulted Posted Collateral 
("Defaulted Collateral") shall no longer be Eligible Collateral and the Issuer is obliged to replace 
such Defaulted Collateral.  Until such Defaulted Collateral is replaced by the Issuer, Noteholders 
shall bear the risk that the aggregate Value of the Posted Collateral may not be greater than or equal 
to the Minimum Collateralisation Value. 
Should the Issuer become insolvent or otherwise fails to perform its obligations under the Notes 
and any Defaulted Collateral is not replaced by the Issuer, following the service of an Enforcement 
Notice by the Trustee, certain insolvency considerations relating to the Defaulted Collateral, 
including but not limited to the considerations set out below, could reduce the amount of money 
that the Trustee is able to recover on behalf of the Noteholders. 
Defaulted Collateral may be subject to various laws enacted for the protection of creditors in the 
countries of the jurisdictions of incorporation of Collateral Obligors and, if different, in which the 
Collateral Obligors conduct business and in which they hold the assets, which may adversely affect 
such Collateral Obligors' abilities to make payment on a full or on a timely basis.  These insolvency 
considerations will differ depending on the country in which each Collateral Obligor is located or 
domiciled and may differ depending on whether the Collateral Obligor is a non-sovereign or a 
sovereign entity. 
2.5 
Certain Set-off Considerations 
A Collateral Obligor to whom the Issuer owes other obligations may attempt to satisfy its payment 
obligation in respect of the relevant Posted Collateral by setting off its other obligations against 
such payment obligation. Set-off may be contractually agreed between the parties so that it will 
apply between certain obligations under a contract or across multiple contracts. Set-off of debts 
owing by an insolvent party may also occur mandatorily pursuant to applicable insolvency laws 
where either the Issuer or a Collateral Obligor is insolvent. 
The occurrence of set-off, whether contractual set-off or on an insolvency of the Issuer or a 
Collateral Obligor, may reduce the amounts realised from the Posted Collateral upon an 
enforcement of the security in respect of the Notes. 
2.6 
Risks Relating to Specific Asset Classes 
The following risks relate to specific asset classes of Eligible Collateral that can constitute the 
Posted Collateral.  The Issuer will take steps to mitigate these risks by substituting Posted Collateral

--- Page 40 ---
10223680081-v22 
- 32 - 
70-41030080 
 
(where it no longer meets the requirements of the relevant Eligibility Criteria, including where a 
default has occurred in respect of any Posted Collateral) and transferring further Eligible Collateral. 
This requirement involves the Issuer overcollateralising the Trustee by reference to the aggregate 
Value of the Posted Collateral as determined by the Collateral Verification Agents on each 
Business Day.  The obligation of the Issuer to substitute any defaulted Posted Collateral on each 
Business Day further mitigates the risks pertaining to the Posted Collateral. 
Fluctuations in the value of the Posted Collateral may result over time from the interaction of many 
factors directly or indirectly affecting economic and political conditions in the related countries, 
including economic and political developments in other countries.  Of particular importance to 
potential risks are (i) rates of inflation; (ii) interest rate levels; (iii) balance of payments; and (iv) 
the extent of governmental surpluses or deficits in the relevant country.  All of these factors are, in 
turn, sensitive to the monetary, fiscal and trade policies pursued by the related countries, the 
governments of the related countries, and other countries important to international trade and 
finance.  Government intervention could materially and adversely affect the value of such Posted 
Collateral. Governments use a variety of techniques, such as intervention by their central bank or 
imposition of regulatory controls or taxes to affect the trading of the underlying equity.  Thus, a 
special risk in purchasing and holding such Posted Collateral is that their trading value and amount 
payable at maturity could be affected by the actions of governments, fluctuations in response to 
other market forces and the movement of currencies across borders.  The value of emerging 
markets assets, such as any EM Collateral, may be more volatile than the assets in more developed 
markets. 
3. 
RISKS RELATING TO TAX 
3.1 
Potential application of U.S. withholding tax to certain Notes 
U.S. federal tax rules commonly referred to as "FATCA" may impose a withholding tax of up to 
30% on certain payments made to certain foreign entities (including financial intermediaries) on 
or after the second anniversary of the date on which final regulations defining the term "foreign 
passthru payments" are published in the U.S. Federal Register , or with respect to Notes issued or 
materially modified after the six-month anniversary of the date on which final regulations defining 
the term "foreign passthru payments" are filed with the U.S. Federal Register, or with respect to 
Notes that are not considered to be "obligations" for purposes of FATCA whenever issued, unless 
various U.S. information reporting and due diligence requirements have been satisfied. 
If U.S. withholding tax is imposed under FATCA there is no requirement to pay any additional 
amounts or indemnify an investor with respect to the withheld tax. Prospective investors should 
consult their own advisors about these rules and review the discussion under "Taxation – United 
States Federal Taxation" below. 
3.2 
Changes in Tax Law; No Gross-Up 
Although currently no withholding tax should be imposed on payments on the Notes (except as 
discussed in section 3.1 above), there can be no assurance that the law, regulations or any 
interpretation thereof will not change.  In the event that any withholding tax is imposed on 
payments on the Notes, the Issuer will not "gross-up" payments to the holders of such Notes.  
Noteholders will bear such tax or withholding through a reduction of the amounts available for 
payment under the Notes.

--- Page 41 ---
10223680081-v22 
- 33 - 
70-41030080 
 
DISCLAIMERS 
The Issuer disclaims any responsibility to advise prospective purchasers of any matters arising under 
the laws of the country in which they reside that may affect the purchase, holding, or receipt of 
payments on the Notes.  Each investor should carefully consider whether the Notes, as described 
herein and in the applicable Issue Terms, are suited to its particular circumstances before deciding 
to purchase any Notes. 
1. 
Issuer's credit ratings may not reflect all risks 
The credit rating (if any) assigned to the Notes is based solely on the credit quality of the Issuer 
and not the Secured Assets (including the Posted Collateral).  Credit ratings do not fully reflect all 
risks of an investment in the Notes. In addition, prospective purchasers should note that rating 
agencies may fail to make timely changes in credit ratings in response to subsequent events, and 
the credit quality of the Issuer may be worse than a credit rating indicates.  A credit rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold Notes and may be revised or withdrawn by the rating agency 
at any time.  
2. 
No Fiduciary Role 
None of the Issuer, the Trustee, the Agents, the Collateral Agents or any of the parties to the Issue 
Documents or any of their respective affiliates is acting as an investment advisor, and none of them 
(other than the Trustee) assumes any fiduciary obligation, to any purchaser of Notes nor do they 
assume any responsibility for conducting or failing to conduct any investigation into the business, 
financial condition, prospects, creditworthiness, status and/or affairs of a Collateral Obligor. 
None of such parties makes any representation or warranty, express or implied, as to any of such 
matters. 
3. 
Change of Law 
The Conditions of the Notes are based on English law in effect as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus.  No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change 
to English law or administrative practice in England after the date of this Base Prospectus. 
4. 
Notes in Global Form 
Notes issued under the Programme may be issued in global form and in such case, such global 
notes will be deposited with a common depositary or common safekeeper for Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV ("Euroclear") and Clearstream Banking, société anonymé, Luxembourg ("Clearstream, 
Luxembourg").  Except in the circumstances described in the relevant global notes, investors will 
not be entitled to receive definitive Notes.  Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will maintain 
records of the beneficial interests in the global notes, including transfers of such beneficial interests 
which will only be tradable through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
While the Notes are in global form, the Issuer will discharge its payment obligations under the 
Notes by making payments through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg for distribution to 
their account holders.  A holder of an interest in a global note must rely on the procedures of 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, to receive payments under the relevant 
Notes.  The Issuer does not have responsibility or liability for the records relating to, or payments 
made in respect of, beneficial interests in the global notes. 
Holders of beneficial interests in the global notes will not have a direct right to vote in respect of 
the relevant Notes.  Instead, such holders will be permitted to act only to the extent that they are 
enabled by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg to appoint appropriate proxies. 
5. 
Provision of Information 
The Issuer and the parties to the Issue Documents and any of their respective affiliates, whether by 
virtue of the types of relationships described herein or otherwise, may possess information in 
relation to any Collateral Obligor, any affiliate of a Collateral Obligor or any guarantor of a 
Collateral Obligor that is or may be material in the context of these Notes and that may or may not

--- Page 42 ---
10223680081-v22 
- 34 - 
70-41030080 
 
be publicly available or known.  The Notes will not create any obligation on the part of any of the 
Issuer, the parties to the Issue Documents and any of their respective affiliates to disclose any such 
relationship or information (whether or not confidential) other than any such information contained 
in the Noteholder Reports. Each of such persons may have acquired, or during the term of the Notes 
may acquire, confidential information with respect to the Posted Collateral or Collateral Obligors.  
None of such persons is under any obligation to make such information available to Noteholders. 
6. 
General Conflicts of Interest between the Various Parties 
Various potential and actual conflicts of interest may arise from the overall management, 
investment and other activities of the Issuer, its affiliates and their clients and from the conduct by 
the other transaction parties and their affiliates of other transactions with the Issuer.  The following 
briefly summarises some of these conflicts, but is not intended to be an exhaustive list of all such 
conflicts. 
Each of the parties to the Issue Documents and any of their respective affiliates may have existing 
or future business relationships with each other, with any Collateral Obligor or the Noteholders of 
any Series of Notes and, in the ordinary course of its business may deal in any obligation, including 
any Posted Collateral, and may accept deposits from, make loans or otherwise extend credit to, and 
generally engage in any kind of commercial or investment banking, risk management, advisory or 
other business with, any other parties to the Issue Documents, any Collateral Obligor, its affiliates, 
any other person or entity having obligations relating to a Collateral Obligor or its affiliates and 
may act with respect to such business in the same manner as if any Notes did not exist (including 
holding directorships and officer positions in any Collateral Obligor), regardless of whether any 
such action might have an adverse effect (including, without limitation, any action which might 
give rise to a default under such Posted Collateral or any action which may negatively affect the 
value of any Posted Collateral) on a Collateral Obligor and/or its affiliates. 
As a result of such relationships, various potential and actual conflicts of interest may arise between 
each of the parties to the Issue Documents and any of their respective affiliates on the one hand 
and any other of the parties to the Issue Documents and any of their respective affiliates, any 
Collateral Obligor or the Noteholders of any Series of Notes on the other.  None of the Issuer, the 
parties to the Issue Documents, the Collateral Obligors nor any of their respective affiliates is 
required to resolve such conflicts of interest in favour of the Noteholders and may pursue actions 
and take such steps that it deems necessary or appropriate to protect its interests without regard to 
the consequences for the Noteholders.

--- Page 43 ---
10223680081-v22 
- 35 - 
70-41030080 
 
INCORPORATION BY REFERENCE 
The following documents and/or information shall be deemed to be incorporated in, and to form part of, 
this Base Prospectus:  
 
Document filed 
Information 
incorporated 
by 
reference 
Page 
1. 
Registration Document dated 9 December 
2022 
(a) 
Risk Factors, excluding 
the 
paragraphs 
headed 
"All material assets of 
MSBV are obligations of 
one or more companies in 
the Morgan Stanley group 
and MSBV's ability to 
perform its obligations is 
dependent 
upon 
such 
companies fulfilling their 
obligations to MSBV" on 
page  16, "Risks relating to 
insolvency proceedings in 
the Netherlands" on page  
16 and "As a finance 
subsidiary, MSFL has no 
independent 
operations 
and is expected to have no 
independent assets" on 
page  16 
 1-19  
 
 
(b) 
Description of Morgan 
Stanley 
& 
Co. 
International plc 
 55-59 
2. 
Second supplement to the Registration 
Document dated 7 March 2023 
(a) 
Part B Amendments to the 
"Risk Factors" Section 
6-17 
 
 
(b) 
Part D Amendments to the 
"Description of Morgan 
Stanley 
& 
Co. 
International Plc" Section 
26 
3. 
MSI plc Report and Financial Statements for 
the year ended 2020 
(a) 
Independent 
auditor's 
report 
46-53 
 
(b) 
Consolidated 
income 
statement 
54 
 
(c) 
Consolidated statement of 
comprehensive income  
55 
 
(d) 
Consolidated statement of 
changes in equity 
56-57 
 
(e) 
Consolidated statement of 
financial position 
58-59 
 
(f) 
Consolidated statement of 
cash flows 
60 
 
(g) 
Notes to the consolidated 
financial statements 
61-145

--- Page 44 ---
10223680081-v22 
- 36 - 
70-41030080 
 
 
(h) 
Appendix to the financial 
statements: 
List 
of 
subsidiaries 
146-147 
4. 
MSI plc Report and Financial Statements for 
the year ended 31 December 2021 
(a) 
Independent 
auditor's 
report 
41 – 48 
 
(b) 
Consolidated 
income 
statement 
49 
 
(c) 
Consolidated statement of 
comprehensive income  
50 
 
(d) 
Consolidated statement of 
changes in equity 
51 
 
(e) 
Company statement of 
changes in equity 
52 
 
(f) 
Consolidated statement of 
financial position 
53 
 
(g) 
Company statement of 
financial position 
54 
 
(h) 
Consolidated statement of 
cash flows 
55 
 
(i) 
Notes to the consolidated 
financial statements 
56 - 148 
 
(j) 
Appendix to the financial 
statements 
149 - 150 
5. 
MSI plc Interim Report and Financial 
Statements dated 30 June 2022 
(a) 
Independent review report 
 
15-16 
 
 
(b) 
Condensed 
consolidated 
income statement 
17 
 
 
(c) 
Condensed 
consolidated 
statement 
of 
comprehensive income 
18 
 
 
(d) 
Condensed 
consolidated 
statement of changes in 
equity 
19 
 
 
(e) 
Condensed 
consolidated 
statement 
of 
financial 
position 
20 
 
 
(f) 
Condensed 
consolidated 
statement of cash flows 
21 
 
 
(g) 
Notes to the condensed 
consolidated 
financial 
statements 
22-47

--- Page 45 ---
10223680081-v22 
- 37 - 
70-41030080 
 
 
Where any information incorporated by reference constitutes only certain parts of a document, the 
parts of such document not incorporated into this Base Prospectus are either (i) not relevant to an 
investor in the Notes or (ii) covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus.  
 
Any statement contained in this Base Prospectus or any documents incorporated by reference herein, 
shall be deemed to be modified or superseded for the purpose of this Base Prospectus to the extent 
that a statement contained in any document subsequently incorporated by reference and in respect of 
which a supplement to this Base Prospectus is prepared modifies or supersedes such statement. 
 
The information about MSI plc incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus (the "Incorporated 
Information") is considered to be part of this Base Prospectus.  Following the publication of this 
Base Prospectus a supplement may be prepared by the Issuer and approved by the Central Bank in 
accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. Statements contained in any such 
supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference therein) shall, to the extent 
applicable (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise), be deemed to modify or supersede 
statements contained in this Base Prospectus or in a document which is incorporated by reference in 
this Base Prospectus. Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or 
superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. 
 
A copy of the documents incorporated by reference above can be accessed at the following locations: 
 
 
Documents 
Location 
 
 
 
Registration 
Document 
dated 
9 
December 2022 
https://sp.morganstanley.com/EU/Download/Gener
alDocument?documentID=0f3c6b1e-c2cd-40e9-
972b-d57f727687d8  
 
 
 
Second 
supplement 
to 
the 
Registration Document dated 7 March 
2023 
https://sp.morganstanley.com/EU/Download/Gener
alDocument?documentID=076cfbd0-4436-4db5-
be6c-7bba473b5f27  
 
 
 
MSI 
plc's 
report and 
financial 
statements for the year ended 31 
December 2020 
https://sp.morganstanley.com/EU/Download/Gener
alDocument?documentID=63029194-34c7-4960-
a2b3-48b10eff8241  
 
 
 
MSI 
plc's 
report and 
financial 
statements for the year ended 31 
December 2021 
https://sp.morganstanley.com/EU/Download/Gener
alDocument?documentID=deb4bb5b-28f7-4e8d-
bad4-c506299f78e9  
 
 
 
MSI plc's interim report and financial 
statements dated 30 June 2022 
https://sp.morganstanley.com/EU/Download/Gener
alDocument?documentID=01e4d873-0e00-4879-
a589-7773fd829f5d

--- Page 46 ---
10223680081-v22 
- 38 - 
70-41030080 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
Information in relation to the Issuer can be found on pages 55 to 59 of the Registration Document 
(incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus on page 25).

--- Page 47 ---
10223680081-v22 
- 39 - 
70-41030080 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions which, as supplemented by the applicable Issue Terms, 
will be endorsed on each Note in definitive form (if any) issued under the Programme.  The terms and 
conditions applicable to any Note issued in global form will differ from those terms and conditions which 
would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under "Summary of Provisions 
Relating to the Notes while in Global Form" below. 
1. 
INTRODUCTION 
1.1 
Programme:  Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc ("MSI plc" or, in its capacity as issuer, the 
"Issuer) has established a Programme (the "Programme") for the issuance of up to 
U.S.$5,000,000,000 in aggregate principal amount of secured notes which are expressed to be 
governed by English law (the "Notes"). 
1.2 
Issue Terms:  Notes issued under the Programme are issued in series (each a "Series") and each 
Series may comprise one or more tranches (each a "Tranche") of Notes.  Each Tranche is the 
subject of a set of issue terms (each set, "Issue Terms") which supplement these terms and 
conditions (the "Conditions").  The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of 
Notes are these Conditions as supplemented by the applicable Issue Terms.  In the event of any 
inconsistency between these Conditions and the applicable Issue Terms, the applicable Issue Terms 
shall prevail. 
1.3 
Agency Agreement:  The Notes are the subject of an agency agreement dated on or about 20 
December 2012 and as from time to time further amended and/or restated (the "Agency 
Agreement") between the Issuer, MSI plc, in its capacity as the determination agent (in such 
capacity, the "Determination Agent"), MSI plc, in its capacity as calculation agent (in such 
capacity, the "Calculation Agent", which expression includes any additional or successor 
Calculation Agent appointed from time to time in connection with the Notes), The Bank of New 
York Mellon SA/NV, acting through its Luxembourg Branch as registrar (the "Registrar", which 
expression includes any successor registrar appointed from time to time in connection with the 
Notes and any successors and any assigns), the transfer agents named therein (the "Transfer 
Agents", which expression includes any successor and assigns or additional transfer agents 
appointed from time to time in connection with the Notes) and The Bank of New York Mellon, 
London Branch as principal paying agent (the "Principal Paying Agent", which expression 
includes any successor Principal Paying Agent appointed from time to time in connection with the 
Notes and any successor and any assigns and together with any additional paying agents appointed 
pursuant thereto, the "Paying Agents", which expression includes any successor paying agents 
appointed from time to time in connection with the Notes and any successors and assigns). In these 
Conditions references to the "Agents" are to the Paying Agents, the Calculation Agent, the 
Determination Agent, the Registrar and the Transfer Agents and any reference to an "Agent" is to 
any one of them. 
1.4 
Trust Deed:  The Notes are constituted by and the obligations of the Issuer under the Notes have 
the benefit of security created by a trust deed dated on or about 20 December 2012 and as from 
time to time further amended and/or restated (the "Principal Trust Deed") between the Issuer and 
BNY Mellon Corporate Trustee Services Limited (the "Trustee" which expression shall include 
any co-Trustee and any successor Trustee appointed pursuant to the Principal Trust Deed and any 
successors and assignees), as supplemented by a supplemental trust deed in respect of each Series 
of Notes (substantially in the form scheduled to the Principal Trust Deed) dated on or about the 
Issue Date specified in the applicable Issue Terms between, among others, the Issuer and the 
Trustee (each a "Supplemental Trust Deed" and together with the Principal Trust Deed, the 
"Trust Deed"). 
The applicable Issue Terms may also specify that security in respect of a Series of Notes is created 
pursuant to any additional security document (each an "Additional Security Document"). 
1.5 
Custody Agreement:  The Issuer, the Trustee, the Collateral Administrator and The Bank of New 
York Mellon, London Branch, in its capacity as the custodian (the "Custodian" which expression 
includes any successor and assigns) have entered into a Custody Agreement dated on or about 20 
December 2012 and as from time to time further amended and/or restated (the "Custody

--- Page 48 ---
10223680081-v22 
- 40 - 
70-41030080 
 
Agreement") pursuant to which the Trustee has appointed the Custodian to perform certain 
custodial functions relating to the Posted Collateral in respect of each Series of Notes.  Pursuant to 
the terms of the Custody Agreement, the Custodian may appoint one or more sub-custodians, 
including local sub-custodians in each applicable EM Jurisdiction. 
The Trustee (with the consent of the Issuer) may appoint an additional custodian to hold any 
applicable Posted Collateral (each an "Additional Custodian") pursuant to an additional custody 
agreement on terms to be agreed between the Issuer, the Trustee and the applicable Additional 
Custodian (each an "Additional Custody Agreement"). 
1.6 
Collateral Administration and Reporting Agreement: The Issuer, the Trustee, the Custodian, the 
Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch in its capacity as collateral reporting agent (the 
"Collateral Reporting Agent" which expression includes any successors and assigns) and MSI 
plc in its capacity as the collateral administrator (the "Collateral Administrator") which 
expression includes any successors and assigns, the ABS Collateral Verification Agent and the EM 
Collateral Verification Agent (each as defined below) have entered into a collateral administration 
and reporting agreement dated on or about 20 December 2012 and as from time to time further 
amended and/or restated (the "Collateral Administration and Reporting Agreement".  Pursuant 
to the Collateral Administration and Reporting Agreement, the Collateral Administrator, the ABS 
Collateral Verification Agent and EM Collateral Verification Agent, in relation to each Series of 
Notes, have agreed to perform certain administrative functions on behalf of the Issuer and the 
Custodian in respect of the Posted Cash that is managed in accordance with the terms of the 
relevant Collateral Service Agreement (the "Posted Euroclear Cash"), the Posted Equity 
Collateral, the Posted Debt Collateral and the Posted ABS Collateral (together, the "Posted 
Euroclear Collateral") (in the case of the Collateral Administrator) and certain valuation 
functions in relation to the Posted ABS Collateral and the Posted EM Collateral (in the case of the 
ABS Collateral Verification Agent and the EM Collateral Verification Agent, respectively) on 
behalf of the Issuer.  In addition, the Issuer has appointed the Collateral Reporting Agent to perform 
certain reporting functions relating to the Posted Collateral in respect of each Series of Notes. 
1.7 
Collateral Service Agreement: In relation to each Series of Notes, the Issuer, the Custodian and 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") in its capacities as a collateral service provider (the 
"Collateral Service Provider") and a collateral verification agent (the "Debt and Equity 
Collateral Verification Agent") will enter into a collateral service agreement to be dated on or 
about the relevant Issue Date (the "Collateral Service Agreement") pursuant to which the Issuer 
and the Custodian will appoint the Collateral Service Provider to perform certain management and 
valuation tasks in relation to the Posted Euroclear Cash, the Posted Debt Collateral, the Posted 
Equity Collateral and Posted ABS Collateral (in relation to the management tasks only) for each 
such Series of Notes. 
The Issuer and the Custodian (with the consent of the Trustee), if specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, may enter into an additional collateral management agreement with respect to a Series of 
Notes (each an "Additional Collateral Management Agreement") with the Custodian, any 
Additional Custodian or the applicable sub-custodian appointed to hold the relevant Posted 
Collateral, the applicable collateral manager appointed to manage such Posted Collateral (each an 
"Additional Collateral Manager" which expression includes any successors and assigns) and the 
applicable Collateral Verification Agent. 
In these Conditions references to the "Collateral Agents" are to the Custodian, the Collateral 
Service Provider, the Collateral Administrator, the Collateral Verification Agents, the Collateral 
Reporting Agent, any Additional Custodian, any Additional Collateral Manager and any 
Additional Collateral Verification Agent (as defined below) and any reference to a "Collateral 
Agent" is to any one of them. 
1.8 
The Notes:  All subsequent references in these Conditions to "Notes", "Noteholders" or "holders 
of Notes", unless otherwise expressly specified, are to the Notes or, as appropriate, to the holders 
of the Notes, which are the subject of the applicable Issue Terms, Supplemental Trust Deed, 
Collateral Service Agreement, Additional Custody Agreement (if any), Additional Collateral 
Management Agreement (if any), Additional Security Document (if any) and any other agreement 
entered into by the Issuer in connection with a Series of Notes.

--- Page 49 ---
10223680081-v22 
- 41 - 
70-41030080 
 
1.9 
Summaries:  Certain provisions of these Conditions are summaries of the Agency Agreement, the 
Principal Trust Deed, the Collateral Administration and Reporting Agreement, and the Custody 
Agreement and are subject to their detailed provisions.  The holders of the Notes (the 
"Noteholders") and the holders of the related interest coupons, if any, (the "Couponholders" and 
the "Coupons", respectively) are bound by, and are deemed to have notice of, all the provisions of 
the Agency Agreement, the Principal Trust Deed, the Collateral Administration and Reporting 
Agreement and the Custody Agreement applicable to them. 
1.10 
Documents available for inspection:  Copies of the Agency Agreement, the Principal Trust Deed, 
the Collateral Administration and Reporting Agreement and the Custody Agreement are available 
for inspection by Noteholders during normal business hours at the Specified Offices of each of the 
Paying Agents, the initial Specified Offices of which are set out below.  Copies of the applicable 
Issue Terms, Supplemental Trust Deed, Collateral Service Agreement, Additional Custody 
Agreement, Additional Collateral Management Agreement, Additional Security Document and 
any other agreement entered into by the Issuer in connection with a Series of Notes are available 
for inspection by Noteholders during normal business hours at the Specified Office of the Principal 
Paying Agent, the initial Specified Office of which is set out below provided that if the relevant 
Notes are neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area nor 
offered in the European Economic Area in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be 
published under the Prospectus Directive, the applicable Issue Terms, Supplemental Trust Deed, 
Collateral Service Agreement, Additional Custody Agreement, Additional Collateral Management 
Agreement, Additional Security Document and any other agreement entered into by the Issuer in 
connection with such Notes will only be obtainable by a Noteholder holding such Note and such 
Noteholder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer as to its identity and the holding of 
such Notes. 
2. 
INTERPRETATION 
2.1 
Definitions:  In these Conditions the following expressions have the following meanings: 
"ABS Collateral" means, in respect of a Series of Notes, the Asset Backed Securities meeting the 
ABS Eligibility Criteria; 
"ABS Eligibility Criteria" means the criteria that the ABS Collateral must fulfil, as specified in 
the Collateral Schedule; 
"Accrual Yield" has the meaning given in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"Additional Business Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms; 
"Administrator/Benchmark Event" means, in respect of any Notes, delivery of a notice by the 
Determination Agent to the Issuer and the Principal Paying Agent specifying that any 
authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision, approval or inclusion 
in any official register in respect of the Relevant Rates Benchmark or the administrator or sponsor 
of the Relevant Rates Benchmark has not been, or will not be, obtained or has been, or will be, 
rejected, refused, suspended or withdrawn by the relevant competent authority or other relevant 
official body, in each case with the effect that any of the Issuer, the Determination Agent or the 
Calculation Agent is not, or will not be, permitted under any applicable law or regulation to use 
the Relevant Rates Benchmark to perform its of their respective obligations in respect of the Notes. 
For the avoidance of doubt, Administrator/Benchmark Event shall not apply where the Relevant 
Rates Benchmark is U.S. dollar LIBOR (see Condition 7.18 (Effect of Benchmark Transition 
Event) below) or SOFR (see Condition 7.7 (Provisions specific to SOFR as Reference Rate) 
below); 
"Administrator/Benchmark Event Date" means, in respect of any Notes and an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event, the date on which the authorisation, registration, recognition, 
endorsement, equivalence decision, approval or inclusion in any official register is: 
(i) 
required under any applicable law or regulation; or

--- Page 50 ---
10223680081-v22 
- 42 - 
70-41030080 
 
(ii) 
rejected, refused, suspended or withdrawn, if the applicable law or regulation provides 
that the Relevant Rates Benchmark is not permitted to be used under the Notes following 
rejection, refusal, suspension or withdrawal, or, in each case, if such date occurs before 
the Issue Date, the Issue Date. 
"Alternative Pre-nominated Index" means, in respect of a Relevant Rates Benchmark, the first 
of the indices, benchmarks or other price sources specified in the applicable Issue Terms as an 
"Alternative Pre-nominated Index" that is not subject to an Administrator/ Benchmark Event; 
"Asset Backed Securities" shall have the meaning given to it in the Trust Deed; 
"Benchmark" means: 
(i) 
if SOFR is not specified in the relevant Issue Terms as the Reference Rate, initially LIBOR 
(with the applicable period of maturity in the case of Screen Rate Determination or the 
applicable Designated Maturity in the case of ISDA Determination); provided that if a 
Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred 
with respect to LIBOR (with the applicable period of maturity in the case of Screen Rate 
Determination or the applicable Designated Maturity in the case of ISDA Determination) 
or the then-current Benchmark, then "Benchmark" means the applicable Benchmark 
Replacement; or 
(ii) 
if SOFR is specified in the relevant Issue Terms as the Reference Rate, the Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate with the applicable period of maturity (which shall be daily); 
provided that if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement 
Date have occurred with respect to the Secured Overnight Financing Rate with the 
applicable period of maturity (which shall be daily), or the then-current Benchmark, then 
"Benchmark" means the applicable Benchmark Replacement; 
"Benchmark Replacement" means: 
(i) 
if SOFR is not specified in the relevant Issue Terms as the Reference Rate, the Interpolated 
Benchmark with respect to the then-current Benchmark, plus the Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment for such Benchmark; provided that if the Issuer or its designee cannot 
determine the Interpolated Benchmark as of the Benchmark Replacement Date, then 
"Benchmark Replacement" means the first alternative set forth in the order below that can 
be determined by the Issuer or its designee as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(a) 
the sum of: (i) Fallback Term SOFR and (ii) the Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment; 
(b)  
the sum of: (i) Fallback Compounded SOFR and (ii) the Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment; 
(c)  
the sum of: (i) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected or 
recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement for the 
then-current Benchmark for the applicable Corresponding Tenor and (ii) the 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
(d)  
the sum of: (i) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (ii) the Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment; 
(e)  
the sum of: (i) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by the Issuer 
or its designee as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark for the 
applicable Corresponding Tenor giving due consideration to any industry-
accepted rate of interest as a replacement for the then-current Benchmark for 
U.S. dollar denominated floating rate notes at such time and (ii) the Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment; or 
(ii) 
if SOFR is specified in the relevant Issue Terms as the Reference Rate, the first alternative 
set forth in the order below that can be determined by the Issuer or its designee as of the 
Benchmark Replacement Date:

--- Page 51 ---
10223680081-v22 
- 43 - 
70-41030080 
 
(a) 
the sum of: (i) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected or 
recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement for the 
then-current Benchmark for the applicable Corresponding Tenor and (ii) the 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
(b)  
the sum of: (i) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (ii) the Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment; 
(c)  
the sum of: (i) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by the Issuer 
or its designee as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark for the 
applicable Corresponding Tenor giving due consideration to any industry-
accepted rate of interest as a replacement for the then-current Benchmark for 
U.S. dollar denominated floating rate notes at such time and (ii) the Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment; 
"Benchmark Replacement Adjustment" means the first alternative set forth in the order below 
that can be determined by the Issuer or its designee as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(a) 
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, 
(which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected or 
recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for the applicable Unadjusted 
Benchmark Replacement; 
(b)  
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to the ISDA Fallback 
Rate, then the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; 
(c)  
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been 
selected by the Issuer or its designee giving due consideration to any industry-accepted 
spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for 
the replacement of the then-current Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted 
Benchmark Replacement for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate notes at such time; 
"Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes" means, with respect to any Benchmark 
Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the 
definition of "Interest Period", timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of 
interest, changes to the definition of "Corresponding Tenor" solely when such tenor is longer than 
the Interest Period, and other administrative matters) that the Issuer or its designee decides may be 
appropriate to reflect the adoption of such Benchmark Replacement in a manner substantially 
consistent with market practice (or, if the Issuer or its designee decides that adoption of any portion 
of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Issuer or its designee determines 
that no market practice for use of the Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner as the 
Issuer or its designee determines is reasonably necessary); 
"Benchmark Replacement Date" means the earliest to occur of the following events with respect 
to the then-current Benchmark: 
(a) 
in the case of limb (a) or (b) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition Event", the later 
of (i) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein and 
(ii) the date on which the administrator of the Benchmark permanently or indefinitely 
ceases to provide the Benchmark; or 
(b)  
in the case of limb (c) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition Event", the date of the 
public statement or publication of information referenced therein; 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event giving rise to the Benchmark Replacement Date occurs on 
the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any determination, the 
Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference Time for 
such determination; 
"Benchmark Transition Event" means the occurrence of one or more of the following events 
with respect to the then-current Benchmark:

--- Page 52 ---
10223680081-v22 
- 44 - 
70-41030080 
 
(a) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of 
the Benchmark announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide 
the Benchmark, permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement 
or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the 
Benchmark; 
(b)  
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the Benchmark, the central bank for the currency of the Benchmark, an 
insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark, a 
resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark or a court 
or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for the 
Benchmark, which states that the administrator of the Benchmark has ceased or will cease 
to provide the Benchmark permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such 
statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide 
the Benchmark; or 
(c) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the Benchmark announcing that the Benchmark is no longer 
representative; 
"Broken Amount" means the amount specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"Business Day" means any day, other than a Saturday or Sunday, 
(i) 
that is neither a legal holiday nor a day on which banking institutions are authorised or 
required by law or regulation to close (a) for Notes denominated in U.S. Dollars, in the 
City of New York or (b) for Notes denominated in Sterling, in London, or (c) for Notes 
denominated in Australian dollars, in Sydney, or (d) for Notes denominated in a Specified 
Currency other than U.S. dollars, euro or Australian dollars, in the principal financial 
centre of the country of the Specified Currency, and in each (if any) Additional Business 
Centre. 
(ii) 
for Notes denominated in euro, that is also a TARGET Settlement Day and a day that is 
neither a legal holiday nor a day on which banking institutions are authorised or required 
by law or regulation to close in each (if any) Additional Business Centre;  
and, in each case, if "Additional Business Centre" is specified to be or to include: (i) "U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day", then "Business Day" shall also be any day other than a 
Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association 
recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for 
purposes of trading in U.S. government securities; or (ii) "TARGET" or "TARGET Settlement 
Day", then "Business Day" shall include a TARGET Settlement Day; 
"Business Day Convention", in relation to any particular date referred to in the Conditions or in 
the applicable Issue Terms which is specified to be adjusted in accordance with a Business Day 
Convention, the convention for adjusting such date if it would otherwise fall on a day that is not a 
Business Day, and means any one or more of: Following Business Day Convention, Modified 
Following Business Day Convention (or Modified Business Day Convention), Preceding Business 
Day Convention, FRN Convention (or Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar Convention) or No 
Adjustment (or Unadjusted), as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. In this context, if the 
Business Day Convention specified in the relevant Issue Terms is: 
(i) 
"Following Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be postponed 
to the first following day that is a Business Day; 
(ii) 
"Modified Following Business Day Convention" or "Modified Business Day 
Convention" means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the first following day 
that is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month in which case that 
date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(iii) 
"Preceding Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be brought 
forward to the first preceding day that is a Business Day;

--- Page 53 ---
10223680081-v22 
- 45 - 
70-41030080 
 
(iv) 
"FRN Convention", "Floating Rate Convention" or "Eurodollar Convention" means 
that each relevant date shall be the date which numerically corresponds to the preceding 
such date in the calendar month which is the number of months specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms as the Specified Period after the calendar month in which the preceding such 
date occurred provided, however, that: 
(a) 
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which 
any such date should occur, then such date will be the last day which is a Business 
Day in that calendar month; 
(b) 
if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then 
such date will be the first following day which is a Business Day unless that day 
falls in the next calendar month, in which case it will be the first preceding day 
which is a Business Day; and 
(c) 
if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month which was 
a Business Day, then all subsequent such dates will be the last day which is a 
Business Day in the calendar month which is the specified number of months after 
the calendar month in which the preceding such date occurred; and 
(v) 
"No Adjustment" or "Unadjusted" means that the relevant date shall not be adjusted in 
accordance with any Business Day Convention, 
provided that if ISDA Determination, “2021 ISDA Definitions” and “Unscheduled Holiday” are 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, then in the case where Modified Following Business Day 
Convention, Modified Business Day Convention, Preceding Business Day Convention, FRN 
Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar Convention apply to a particular date and 
that date would otherwise fall on a day that is not a Business Day as a result of an Unscheduled 
Holiday (as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions but disregarding references to Valuation 
Business Day and Exercise Business Day and construing references to the Confirmation to mean 
the applicable Issue Terms) notwithstanding the provisions of (ii) to (iv) above, such day will 
instead fall on the first following day that is a Business Day; 
"Calculation Agent" means, in respect of any Notes, MSI plc or such other Person specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms as the party responsible for calculating the Rate(s) of Interest and 
Interest Amount(s), subject as otherwise provided in these Conditions (including, without 
limitation, as provided in Condition 7 (Floating Rate Note Provisions)  and/or, if agreed between 
the Issuer and the Principal Paying Agent, such other amount(s) as may be specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms; 
"Calculation Amount" means the Specified Denomination unless otherwise specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms; 
"Collateral Schedule" means, in respect of a Series of Notes, Part C of the applicable Issue Terms 
that sets out certain information in relation to the Eligible Collateral and the Posted Collateral 
relating to such Notes (and as reproduced in the Supplemental Trust Deed); 
"Collateral Valuation Date" means, in respect of a Series of Notes, each Business Day from (but 
excluding) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the Maturity Date, unless otherwise specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms; 
"Collateral Verification Agent" means, in respect of a Series of Notes, each of the Debt and 
Equity Collateral Verification Agent (in relation to the Posted Euroclear Cash, the Posted Equity 
Collateral and the Posted Debt Collateral), the Issuer (in relation to the Posted Cash (other than the 
Posted Euroclear Cash, the Posted ABS Collateral (in such capacity, the "ABS Collateral 
Verification Agent") and the Posted EM Collateral (in such capacity, the "EM Collateral 
Verification Agent)), and any other collateral verification agent appointed in relation to any 
applicable Posted Collateral pursuant to any Additional Collateral Management Agreement or any 
other agreement relating to such Series of Notes, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, in each 
case which expression includes any successor and assigns (each an "Additional Collateral 
Verification Agent" and together, the "Collateral Verification Agents");

--- Page 54 ---
10223680081-v22 
- 46 - 
70-41030080 
 
"Coupon Sheet" means, in respect of a Note, a coupon sheet relating to the Note; 
"Custody Account" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the account maintained by the 
Custodian in the name of the Trustee in which the Posted Collateral is held pursuant to the terms 
of the Custody Agreement, with such details as set out in the Supplemental Trust Deed; 
"Day Count Fraction" means (subject as provided in Condition 6 (Fixed Rate Note Provisions)), 
in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period of time (the "Calculation Period"), such 
day count fraction as may be specified in these Conditions or the applicable Issue Terms and: 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual" or "Actual/Actual (ISDA) "  is so specified, means the actual number 
of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of the Calculation 
Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days 
in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if "Actual/365L" is so specified, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 365 (or, if the last day of the Calculation Period falls in a leap year, 366); 
(iv) 
if "Actual/360" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360; 
(v) 
if "30/360" or "30/360 (ICMA) " is so specified, means the number of days in the relevant 
period (calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days consisting of 12 months of 30 days 
each and, in the case of an incomplete month, the actual number of days elapsed) divided 
by 360; 
(vi) 
if "30/360 (ISDA)", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is so specified, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
360
)
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x
−
+
−
+
−
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 
29, in which case D2 will be 30;

--- Page 55 ---
10223680081-v22 
- 47 - 
70-41030080 
 
(vii) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
360
)
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x
−
+
−
+
−
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will 
be 30; and 
(viii) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided 
by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
360
)
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x
−
+
−
+
−
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) 
that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will 
be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not 
the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30, 
provided, however, that in each such case the number of days in the Calculation Period is calculated 
from and including the first day of the Calculation Period to but excluding the last day of the 
Calculation Period;  and

--- Page 56 ---
10223680081-v22 
- 48 - 
70-41030080 
 
(ix) 
if "1/1)" is so specified, 1; 
"Debt Collateral" means, in respect of a Series of Notes, the Debt Securities meeting the Debt 
Eligibility Criteria; 
"Debt Eligibility Criteria" means, in respect of a Series of Notes, the criteria that the Debt 
Collateral must fulfil, as specified in the Collateral Schedule; 
"Debt Securities" shall have the meaning given to it in the Trust Deed; 
"Determination Agent" means MSI plc unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms.  
The Determination Agent shall act as an expert and not as an agent for the Issuer or the Noteholders.  
All determinations, considerations and decisions made by the Determination Agent shall, in the 
absence of manifest error, wilful default or bad faith, be final and conclusive and the Determination 
Agent shall have no liability in relation to such determinations except in the case of its wilful 
default or bad faith; 
"Early Redemption Amount" means (1) in the case of Zero Coupon Notes, such amount as may 
be specified in the applicable Issue Terms or, if applicable, determined in accordance with 
Condition 10.8 (Early Redemption of Zero Coupon Notes) and (2) in the case of any other Notes, 
such amount as may be specified in the applicable Issue Terms or, if no other amount is specified, 
the Final Redemption Amount which would have been payable on the Maturity Date; 
"Eligible Collateral" means, in respect a Series of Notes, any cash in an Eligible Currency, Equity 
Collateral, Debt Collateral, ABS Collateral, EM Collateral or any other assets specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms; 
"ECB" means the European Central Bank (or its successor);  
"ECB €STR Guideline" means Guideline (EU) 2019/1265 of the ECB of 10 July 2019 on the euro 
short-term rate (€STR) (ECB/2019/19), as amended from time to time;  
"ECB’s Website" means the website of the ECB, currently at www.ecb.europa.eu or any successor 
source officially designated by the ECB;  
"EEA" means the European Economic Area;  
"Eligible Currency" means, in respect of a Series of Notes, any currency in which the Issuer can 
post cash collateral as specified in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"EM Collateral" means, in respect of a Series of Notes, any Equity Securities, Debt Securities or 
Asset Backed Securities issued by an obligor in an EM Jurisdiction which satisfy the relevant 
criteria in the Collateral Schedule or which are specified in the Collateral Schedule; 
"EM Jurisdiction" means each of the Republic of Hungary, the Republic of Poland or any other 
jurisdiction specified in the Collateral Schedule; 
"Equity Collateral" means, in respect of a Series of Notes, the Equity Securities meeting the 
Equity Eligibility Criteria; 
"Equity Eligibility Criteria" means, in respect of a Series of Notes, the criteria that the Equity 
Collateral must fulfil, as specified in the Collateral Schedule; 
"Equity Securities" shall have the meaning given to it in the Trust Deed; 
"€STR", in respect of any TARGET Settlement Day, means the euro-short term rate administered 
by the ECB (or any successor administrator) for such TARGET Settlement Day and published on 
the ECB’s Website (or any other authorised source) as of 9:00 a.m. (Frankfurt time) or, in case a 
revised euro short-term rate is published as provided in Article 4 subsection 3 of the ECB €STR 
Guideline as of 11:00 a.m. (Frankfurt time), such revised interest rate (or any amended publication 
time as specified by the administrator of the euro-short term rate in the euro-short term rate 
benchmark methodology) and as then published on the Relevant Screen Page or, if the Relevant

--- Page 57 ---
10223680081-v22 
- 49 - 
70-41030080 
 
Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by the administrator of €STR or such authorised 
distributors, in each case on the TARGET Settlement Day immediately following such TARGET 
Settlement Day;  
"€STR Rate Cut-Off Date" means the date that is the number of TARGET Settlement Days 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms (or if none are specified, the second TARGET Settlement 
Day) prior to the Maturity Date or the redemption date, as applicable; 
"Extraordinary Resolution" has the meaning given in the Trust Deed; 
"Fallback Compounded SOFR" means the compounded average of Fallback SOFRs for the 
applicable Corresponding Tenor, with the rate, or methodology for this rate, and conventions for 
this rate being established by the Issuer or its designee in accordance with: 
(a)  
the rate, or methodology for this rate, and conventions for this rate selected or 
recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for determining compounded 
Fallback SOFR; provided that: 
(b)  
if, and to the extent that, the Issuer or its designee determines that Fallback Compounded 
SOFR cannot be determined in accordance with clause (a) above, then the rate, or 
methodology for this rate, and conventions for this rate that have been selected by the 
Issuer or its designee giving due consideration to any industry-accepted market practice 
for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate notes at such time; 
"Fallback SOFR" with respect to any day means the secured overnight financing rate published 
for such day by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as the administrator of the benchmark, (or 
a successor administrator) on the Federal Reserve Bank of New York’s Website; 
"Fallback Term SOFR" means the forward-looking term rate for the applicable Corresponding 
Tenor based on Fallback SOFR that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant 
Governmental Body; 
"Federal Reserve Bank of New York's Website" means the website of the Federal Reserve Bank 
of New York, currently at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor source; 
"Final Redemption Amount" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount (and interest 
accrued in respect of such principal amount to (and including) the Maturity Date, if any) or such 
other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the applicable Issue Terms; 
"Fixed Coupon Amount" has the meaning given in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"Fixed Interest Rate" means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of interest as 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"Floating Interest Rate" means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of interest 
determined in accordance with Condition 7 (Floating Rate Note Provisions); 
"Implementation of Financial Transaction Tax Event" means that, on or after the Trade Date 
of any Tranche or Series of Notes, due to the adoption of or any change in any applicable law or 
regulation (including without limitation any law or regulation implementing a system of financial 
transaction taxes in any jurisdiction, including the European Union relating to any tax, payable in 
respect of the transfer of, or issue or modification or redemption of, any financial instruments), the 
Issuer determines (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) that either it or 
any of its Affiliates would incur or has incurred a materially increased amount of tax, transfer tax, 
duty, stamp duty, stamp duty reserve tax, expense or fee (other than brokerage commissions) to 
(A) enter into, modify or unwind the Notes or any part thereof, or perform its obligations under 
such Notes, including for the avoidance of doubt any obligation or exercise of any right to deliver 
any asset including any Eligible Collateral or any other assets comprising collateral in respect of 
the relevant Notes or (B) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of 
any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the risk of entering into and performing 
its obligations with respect to the relevant Notes or (C) realize, recover or remit the proceeds of 
any such transaction(s) or asset(s), provided that the Issuer has determined that the nature of the

--- Page 58 ---
10223680081-v22 
- 50 - 
70-41030080 
 
adoption of or any change in law or regulation is such that it is applicable to investors generally 
when carrying out similar trading or hedging activities in the relevant jurisdiction. 
"Interest Amount" means, in relation to a Note and an Interest Period, the amount of interest 
payable in respect of that Note for that Interest Period; 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the Issue Date of the Notes or such other date as may be 
specified as the Interest Commencement Date in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"Interest Determination Date" means if the applicable Issue Terms specify: (i) "Daily Rate 
Determination" to be applicable, in respect of a Reference Rate for any relevant day, the Interest 
Determination Date shall be such relevant day, (ii) "Periodic Rate Determination" to be 
applicable, in respect of a Reference Rate for any Interest Period, the Interest Determination Date 
shall be the date or dates, if any, specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, or (iii) SOFR, 
SONIA, €STR, SARON or TONA as the applicable Reference Rate, the Interest Determination 
Date(s) shall be the Interest Period End Date at the end of each Interest Period (or such other date 
or dates, if any, specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms); provided that if any of SOFR 
Compound with Payment Delay, SONIA Compound with Payment Delay, €STR Compound with 
Payment Delay, SARON Compound with Payment Delay or TONA Compound with Payment 
Delay applies, the Interest Determination Date with respect to the final Interest Period for SOFR, 
SONIA, €STR, SARON or TONA (as the case may be) will be the SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date, the 
SONIA Rate Cut-Off Date, the €STR Rate Cut-Off Date, the SARON Rate Cut-Off Date or the 
TONA Rate Cut-Off Date, respectively; 
"Interest Payment Date" means: 
(i) 
if none of SOFR Compound with Payment Delay, SONIA Compound with Payment Delay, 
€STR Compound with Payment Delay, SARON Compound with Payment Delay or 
TONA Compound with Payment Delay are specified in the relevant Issue Terms as 
applicable and Delayed Payment is not specified in the relevant Issue Terms as applicable 
in respect of any Overnight Floating Rate Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) or 
any Index Floating Rate Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions), the Interest Payment 
Date specified in the applicable Issue Terms, if such date is specified in the Conditions or 
the applicable Issue Terms to be subject to adjustment in accordance with a Business Day 
Convention: 
(A) 
such date as adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day Convention; 
or 
(B) 
if the Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate 
Convention or Eurodollar Convention and an interval of a number of calendar 
months is specified in the applicable Issue Terms as being the Specified Period, 
each of such dates as may occur in accordance with the FRN Convention, Floating 
Rate Convention or Eurodollar Convention at such Specified Period of calendar 
months following the Interest Commencement Date (in the case of the first 
Interest Payment Date) or the previous Interest Payment Date (in any other case); 
provided that if the applicable Issue Terms specify "Interest Specified Day(s)" to be applicable and 
the Relevant Determination Date is adjusted in accordance with the Conditions, the Interest 
Payment Date shall instead be the day falling the number of Interest Specified Day(s) after the 
Relevant Determination Date, and no Noteholder shall be entitled to any interest or further payment 
in respect of such delay; or 
(ii) 
if 
(A) 
any of SOFR Compound with Payment Delay, SONIA Compound with Payment 
Delay, €STR Compound with Payment Delay, SARON Compound with Payment

--- Page 59 ---
10223680081-v22 
- 51 - 
70-41030080 
 
Delay or TONA Compound with Payment Delay is specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms as applicable; or 
(B) 
Delayed Payment is specified in the relevant Issue Terms as applicable in respect 
of any Overnight Floating Rate Option or any Index Floating Rate Option, 
the number of Business Days equal to the Interest Payment Delay following each Interest Period 
End Date; provided that the Interest Payment Date with respect to the final Interest Period will be 
the Maturity Date or other date for redemption of the relevant Notes; 
"Interest Payment Delay" means:  
(i) 
as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, or if not so specified, (A) in respect of SOFR, 
two U.S. Government Securities Business Days, (B) in respect of SONIA, two London 
Banking Days, (C) in respect of €STR, two TARGET Settlement Days, (D) in respect of 
SARON, two Zurich Banking Days and (E) in respect of TONA, two Tokyo Banking Days; 
or  
(ii) 
in respect of any Overnight Floating Rate Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) or 
any Index Floating Rate Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) where Delayed 
Payment is specified in the relevant Issue Terms as applicable, the number of Business 
Days specified in respect of Delayed Payment in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"Interest Period" means, subject as otherwise provided in the Conditions, each period beginning 
on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date or any Interest Period End Date and ending 
on (but excluding) the next Interest Period End Date or any other period specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms, subject to adjustment in accordance with the relevant Business Day 
Convention; 
"Interest Period End Date" means each Interest Payment Date unless specified otherwise in the 
relevant Issue Terms; 
"Interest Specified Day(s)" means such number of Business Day(s), Clearing System Business 
Day(s) or calendar days as specified in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"Interpolated Benchmark" with respect to the Benchmark means the rate determined for the 
Corresponding Tenor by interpolating on a linear basis between: (a) the Benchmark for the longest 
period (for which the Benchmark is available) that is shorter than the Corresponding Tenor and (b) 
the Benchmark for the shortest period (for which the Benchmark is available) that is longer than 
the Corresponding Tenor; 
"ISDA Bespoke Fallbacks" means, in respect of any Floating Rate Option (as defined in the ISDA 
Definitions), fallbacks other than ISDA Generic Fallbacks;  
"ISDA Definitions" means, for the purposes of Condition 7.18 (Effect of Benchmark Transition 
Event) or Condition 7.7 (Provisions specific to SOFR as Reference Rate), the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or any 
successor thereto, as amended or supplemented from time to time, or any successor definitional 
booklet for interest rate derivatives published from time to time including the 2021 ISDA Interest 
Rate Derivatives Definitions (as amended or supplemented from time to time); and (ii) for all other 
purposes, (a) if “2006 ISDA Definitions” is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, 
the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as amended and updated as at the date of issue of the first Tranche of 
the Notes of the relevant Series (as specified in the applicable Issue Terms) as published by the 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc.; or (b) if “2021 ISDA Definitions” is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the latest version of the 2021 ISDA Interest 
Rate Derivatives Definitions, including any Matrices referred to therein, as at the date of issue of 
the first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series (as specified in the applicable Issue Terms) as 
published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc.; 
"ISDA Fallback Adjustment" means the spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative 
value or zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions to be

--- Page 60 ---
10223680081-v22 
- 52 - 
70-41030080 
 
determined upon the occurrence of an index cessation event with respect to the Benchmark for the 
applicable tenor; 
"ISDA Fallback Rate" means the rate that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing 
the ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the occurrence of an index cessation date with respect 
to the Benchmark for the applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment; 
"ISDA Generic Fallbacks" means any fallbacks that would be required to be determined in 
accordance with Section 8.6 (Generic Fallback Provisions) of the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate 
Derivatives Definitions; 
"Issue Date" has the meaning given in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"Issue Documents" means, in respect of a Series of Notes, the Agency Agreement, the Trust Deed, 
any Additional Security Documents, the Custody Agreement, the Collateral Administration and 
Reporting Agreement, the Collateral Service Agreement, any Additional Custody Agreement, any 
Additional Collateral Management Agreement and any other agreement entered into in connections 
with such Series of Notes in so far as such agreement relates to such Series of Notes; 
"London Banking Day" or "LBD" means any day on which commercial banks are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London; 
"Margin" means, in respect of any Interest Rate or Reference Rate (each a "Relevant Rate") for a 
relevant day (including an Interest Payment Date) and/or for an Interest Period ending on (but 
excluding) an Interest Payment Date, the percentage rate specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms in respect of such Relevant Rate for such day and/or such Interest Period, which shall be 
preceded with either a "+" (plus) or a "-" (minus) sign (provided that if the applicable Issue Terms 
specify Margin to be not applicable in respect of such Relevant Rate, it shall be deemed to be equal 
to zero), or if a Rate Table is set out in the applicable Issue Terms, each percentage rate specified 
in the Rate Table in the column headed "Margin" (which shall be preceded with either a "+" (plus) 
or a "-" (minus) sign) in the row corresponding to such day or corresponding to the date (specified 
in the column "Interest Payment Date(s)") on which such Interest Payment Date is scheduled to 
fall. Where the applicable Issue Terms specify more than one Margin for different Relevant Rates, 
the Margin will be construed to apply to each Relevant Rate for each relevant day (including an 
Interest Payment Date) and/or each Interest Period; 
"Maturity Date" has the meaning given in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"Minimum Collateralisation Percentage" means, in respect of a Series of Notes, the percentage 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"Minimum Collateralisation Value" means, in respect of a Series of Notes and on any Collateral 
Valuation Date, the value equal to the Minimum Collateralisation Percentage multiplied by the 
Aggregate Principal Amount of the outstanding Notes; 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Call)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount (and 
interest accrued in respect of such principal amount to (and including) the Maturity Date, if any) 
or such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the applicable Issue 
Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Put)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount (and 
interest accrued in respect of such principal amount to (and including) the Maturity Date, if any) 
or such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the applicable Issue 
Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Date (Call)" has the meaning given in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Date (Put)" has the meaning given in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"Participating Member State" means a Member State of the European Communities which 
adopts the euro as its lawful currency in accordance with the Treaty;

--- Page 61 ---
10223680081-v22 
- 53 - 
70-41030080 
 
"Payment Business Day" means: 
(i) 
if the currency of payment is euro, any day which is: 
(A) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for 
presentation and payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in foreign 
currencies; and 
(B) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a TARGET Settlement Day and 
a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in each (if any) 
Additional Financial Centre; or 
(ii) 
if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is: 
(A) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for 
presentation and payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in foreign 
currencies; and 
(B) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a day on which dealings in 
foreign currencies may be carried on in the Principal Financial Centre of the 
currency of payment and in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; 
"Person" means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, 
association, organization, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having separate 
legal personality; 
"Posted ABS Collateral" means, in respect of a Series of Notes, the ABS Collateral posted by the 
Issuer from time to time to secure its obligations under such Notes; 
"Posted Cash" means, in respect of a Series of Notes, cash in an Eligible Currency posted by the 
Issuer from time to time to secure its obligations under such Series of Notes, including any Posted 
Euroclear Cash; 
"Posted Collateral" means, in respect of a Series of Notes, the Posted Cash, Posted Equity 
Collateral, Posted Debt Collateral, Posted ABS Collateral, Posted EM Collateral and any other 
Eligible Collateral posted by the Issuer from time to time to secure its obligations under such Series 
of Notes; 
"Posted Debt Collateral" means, in respect of a Series of Notes, the Debt Collateral posted by the 
Issuer from time to time to secure its obligations under such Series of Notes; 
"Posted EM Collateral" means, in respect of a Series of Notes, the EM Collateral posted by the 
Issuer from time to time to secure its obligations under such Series of Notes; 
"Posted Equity Collateral" means, in respect of a Series of Notes, the Equity Collateral posted 
by the Issuer from time to time to secure its obligations under such Series of Notes; 
"Posted Euroclear Cash" shall have the meaning given to it in Condition 1.6 (Collateral 
Administration and Reporting Agreement); 
"Posted Euroclear Collateral" means, in respect of a Series of Notes, the Posted Euroclear Cash, 
the Posted Equity Collateral, the Posted Debt Collateral and the Posted ABS Collateral; 
"Principal Financial Centre" means, in relation to any currency, the principal financial centre for 
that currency provided, however, that: 
(i) 
in relation to euro, it means the principal financial centre of such Member State of the 
European Communities as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the 
case of a calculation) by the Calculation Agent; and 
(ii) 
in relation to Australian dollars, it means Sydney and Melbourne and, in relation to New 
Zealand dollars, it means Wellington and Auckland;

--- Page 62 ---
10223680081-v22 
- 54 - 
70-41030080 
 
"Put Option Notice" means a notice which must be delivered to a Paying Agent by any Noteholder 
wanting to exercise a right to redeem a Note at the option of the Noteholder; 
"Put Option Receipt" means a receipt issued by a Paying Agent to a depositing Noteholder upon 
deposit of a Note with such Paying Agent by any Noteholder wanting to exercise a right to redeem 
a Note at the option of the Noteholder; 
"Rate of Interest" means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of interest payable 
in respect of the Notes specified in applicable Issue Terms or calculated or determined in 
accordance with the provisions of these Conditions and/or the applicable Issue Terms; 
"Rate Table" means a table specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"Realisation Proceeds" means the proceeds of realisation of, or enforcement of the Security 
relating to the Secured Assets; 
"Redemption Amount" means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the Optional 
Redemption Amount (Call), the Optional Redemption Amount (Put), the Early Redemption 
Amount or such other amount in the nature of a redemption amount as may be specified in, or 
determined in accordance with the provisions of, the applicable Issue Terms; 
"Reference Banks" has the meaning given in the applicable Issue Terms or, if none, four major 
banks selected by the Determination Agent in the market that is most closely connected with the 
Reference Rate; 
"Reference Price" has the meaning given in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"Reference Rate" means in respect of any relevant period or day, any of the following as specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms: (i) a Fixed Interest Rate, (ii) a Floating Interest Rate, or (iii) any 
interest rate, swap rate, index, benchmark or price source specified as a "Reference Rate" in the 
applicable Issue Terms, or determined in accordance with the Conditions, in each case, for such 
period or such day. If more than one Reference Rate is specified, "Reference Rate" shall be 
construed to refer to each rate defined or specified as such, or determined, in respect of the relevant 
period or day as specified in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"Reference Time" with respect to any determination of the Benchmark means (a) if the Benchmark 
is LIBOR, 11:00 a.m. (London time) on the day that is two London banking days preceding the 
date of such determination, and (b) if the Benchmark is not LIBOR, the time determined by the 
Issuer or its designee in accordance with the Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes; 
"Register" means, in respect of a Series of Registered Notes, the register of the Holders of such 
Registered Notes maintained by the Registrar; 
"Relevant Clearing System" means, as appropriate, Euroclear SA/NV ("Euroclear"), 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, société anonyme ("Clearstream Luxembourg") and/or such other 
relevant clearing system, as the case may be, through which interests in Notes are to be held and 
through an account at which the Notes are to be cleared, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"Relevant Date" means, in relation to any payment, whichever is the later of (a) the date on which 
the payment in question first becomes due and (b) if the full amount payable has not been received 
in the Principal Financial Centre of the currency of payment by the Principal Paying Agent on or 
prior to such due date, the date on which (the full amount having been so received) notice to that 
effect has been given to the Noteholders; 
"Relevant Financial Centre" means, in relation to any Series of Notes and the applicable 
Reference Rate, the city specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"Relevant Governmental Body" means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve Board 
and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or any successor thereto; 
"Relevant Rates Benchmark" means, in respect of any Notes:

--- Page 63 ---
10223680081-v22 
- 55 - 
70-41030080 
 
(i) 
each Reference Rate (or, if applicable, the index, benchmark or other price source that is 
referred to in the Reference Rate) other than a Fixed Interest Rate; 
(ii) 
each Floating Rate Option (or, if applicable, the index, benchmark or other price source 
that is referred to in the Floating Rate Option); or 
(iii) 
any other index, benchmark or other price source specified as a "Relevant Rates 
Benchmark" in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"Relevant Screen Page" means, in respect of a Reference Rate, the page, section or other part of 
a particular information service (including, without limitation, Reuters) specified as the Relevant 
Screen Page in the applicable Issue Terms in relation to such Reference rate, or such other page, 
section or other part as may replace it on that information service or such other information service, 
in each case, as may be nominated by the Person providing or sponsoring the information appearing 
there for the purpose of displaying rates or prices comparable to such Reference Rate; 
"Relevant Time" means, for the purposes of a determination of a Reference Rate, the time (in the 
place) specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms corresponding to such Reference Rate; 
"Reserved Matter" shall have the meaning given to it in the Trust Deed; 
"Rights" means, in relation to any agreement or asset, all rights, title and interest of the relevant 
person in, to and under such agreement or asset; 
"SARON", in respect of any Zurich Banking Day, means the Swiss Average Rate Overnight rate 
administered by SIX Index AG (or any successor administrator) for such Zurich Banking Day as 
provided by the administrator of such rate to authorised distributors and as then published on the 
Relevant Screen Page or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by the 
administrator of SARON or such authorised distributors, in each case at or after 6.00 p.m. (Zurich 
time) (or any amended publication time as specified by the administrator of such rate in the 
benchmark methodology) (or such other publication time as specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms) on the same Zurich Banking Day; 
"SARON Rate Cut-Off Date" means the date that is the number of Zurich Banking Days specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms (or if none are specified, the second Zurich Banking Day) prior to 
the Maturity Date or the redemption date, as applicable; 
"Secured Assets" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the Posted Collateral, the Issuer's Rights 
under the Agency Agreement, the Custody Agreement, the Collateral Administration and 
Reporting Agreement and the Collateral Service Agreement and any other assets over which any 
Security is created by the Issuer to secure its obligations under the Notes; 
"Security" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, a mortgage over the Posted Collateral (other 
than the Posted Cash), a charge over the Posted Cash, an assignment by way of security of Issuer's 
Rights under the Agency Agreement, the Custody Agreement, the Collateral Administration and 
Reporting Agreement and the Collateral Service Agreement and the Security Interests created, or 
intended to be created at any time, in favour of the Trustee under the Security Documents in respect 
of any other Secured Asset; 
"Security Documents" means the Trust Deed and any Additional Security Document in respect of 
a Series of Notes; 
"Security Interest" means any mortgage, sub-mortgage, standard security, charge, sub-charge, 
assignment, assignation in security, pledge, lien, right of set-off or other encumbrance or security 
interest; 
"SOFR", in respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, means the rate determined 
by the Determination Agent as:  
(i) 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate in respect of such U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day as provided by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as the administrator 
of such rate (or a successor administrator) on the Federal Reserve Bank of New York’s

--- Page 64 ---
10223680081-v22 
- 56 - 
70-41030080 
 
Website on or about 5:00 p.m. (New York time) on the U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day immediately following such U.S. Government Securities Business Day; or  
(ii) 
if the Secured Overnight Financing Rate in respect of such U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day does not appear as specified in paragraph (i), unless both a Benchmark 
Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred, the Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate in respect of the last U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
for which such rate was published on the Federal Reserve Bank of New York’s Website; 
or  
(iii) 
if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have 
occurred, the provisions of Condition 7.18 (Effect of Benchmark Transition Event) will 
apply; 
"SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date" means the date that is the second U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day prior to the Maturity Date or the redemption date, as applicable; 
"SONIA", in respect of any London Banking Day, means the Sterling Overnight Index Average 
rate administered by the Bank of England (or any successor administrator) for such London 
Banking Day as provided by the administrator of such rate to authorised distributors and as then 
published on the Relevant Screen Page or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise 
published by such authorised distributors, in each case as of 9.00a.m. (London time) (or any 
amended publication time as specified by the administrator of such rate in the benchmark 
methodology) on the London Banking Day immediately following such London Banking Day;  
"SONIA Rate Cut-Off Date" means the date that is the number of London Banking Days specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms (or if none are specified, the second London Banking Day) prior to 
the Maturity Date or the redemption date, as applicable; 
"Specified Currency" has the meaning given in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"Specified Denomination(s)" means, in relation to Notes of any Series, the denomination or 
denominations of such Notes specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms and may be expressed 
as (i) currency amounts or (ii) a currency amount and integral multiples of a second currency 
amount in excess of such currency amount, provided that, the Specified Denomination shall, in no 
circumstance, be an amount less than €1,000 or, if the Notes are denominated in any other currency, 
the equivalent amount in such other currency; 
"Specified Office" has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement; 
"Specified Period" has the meaning given in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"Subsidiary" means, in relation to any Person (the "first Person") at any particular time, any other 
Person (the "second Person"): 
(i) 
whose affairs and policies the first Person controls or has the power to control, whether 
by ownership of share capital, contract, the power to appoint or remove members of the 
governing body of the second Person or otherwise; or 
(ii) 
whose financial statements are, in accordance with applicable law and generally accepted 
accounting principles, consolidated with those of the first Person; 
"Supplemental Trust Deed" shall have the meaning given to it in Condition 1.4 (Trust Deed), as 
amended, supplemented or restated from time to time; 
"Talon" means a talon for further Coupons; 
"TARGET2" means the Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross Settlement Express Transfer 
payment system which utilises a single shared platform and which was launched on 19 November 
2007;

--- Page 65 ---
10223680081-v22 
- 57 - 
70-41030080 
 
"TARGET Settlement Day" means any day on which TARGET2 is open for the settlement of 
payments in euro; 
"Taxes" means any tax, duty, impost, levy, charge or contribution in the nature of taxation or any 
withholding or deduction for or on account thereof, including (but not limited to) any applicable 
stock exchange tax, turnover tax, stamp duty, stamp duty reserve tax and/or other taxes chargeable 
or payable in connection with any redemption of a Note and/or payment of the Redemption 
Amount; 
"Tokyo Banking Day" or "TBD" means any day on which commercial banks are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in Tokyo;  
"TONA", in respect of any Tokyo Banking Day, means the Tokyo Overnight Average Rate 
administered by the Bank of Japan (or any successor administrator) for such Tokyo Banking Day 
as provided by the administrator of such rate to authorised distributors and as then published on 
the Relevant Screen Page or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by 
the administrator of TONA or by such authorised distributors, in each case as of approximately 
10.00a.m. (Tokyo time) (or any amended publication time as specified by the administrator of such 
rate in the benchmark methodology) on the Tokyo Banking Day immediately following such 
Tokyo Banking Day;  
"TONA Rate Cut-Off Date" means the date that is the number of Tokyo Banking Days specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms (or if none are specified, the second Tokyo Banking Day) prior to 
the Maturity Date or the redemption date, as applicable; 
"Trade Date" means in relation to any Series of Notes, the date specified as such in the applicable 
Issue Terms; 
"Treaty" means the Treaty establishing the European Union, as amended; 
"Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement" means the Benchmark Replacement excluding the 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day" means any day except for a Saturday, Sunday or a 
day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed 
income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for the purposes of trading in U.S. 
government securities; 
"Valuation Percentage" means, in relation to a Series of Notes and any item of Posted Collateral, 
the percentage specified in the Collateral Schedule, provided that such percentage shall not exceed 
100 per cent.; 
"Value" means, on any Collateral Valuation Date and in relation to any item of Posted Collateral, 
the product of (i) the fair market value of such Posted Collateral as determined by the relevant 
Collateral Verification Agent in accordance with the terms of the Trust Deed, the Collateral Service 
Agreement, the Collateral Administration and Reporting Agreement or any Additional Collateral 
Management Agreement (as the case may be) and (ii) the relevant Valuation Percentage; 
"Zero Coupon Note" means a Note specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
2.2 
Interpretation:  In these Conditions: 
(i) 
if the Notes are Zero Coupon Notes, references to Coupons and Couponholders are not 
applicable; 
(ii) 
in respect of Notes in bearer form, if Talons are specified in the applicable Issue Terms as 
being attached to the Notes at the time of issue, references to Coupons shall be deemed to 
include references to Talons; 
(iii) 
in respect of Notes in bearer form, if Talons are not specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
as being attached to the Notes at the time of issue, references to Talons are not applicable;

--- Page 66 ---
10223680081-v22 
- 58 - 
70-41030080 
 
(iv) 
any reference to principal shall be deemed to include the Redemption Amount, any 
additional amounts in respect of principal which may be payable under Condition 13 
(Taxation), any premium payable in respect of a Note and any other amount in the nature 
of principal payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(v) 
any reference to interest shall be deemed to include any additional amounts in respect of 
interest which may be payable under Condition 13 (Taxation) and any other amount in the 
nature of interest payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(vi) 
references to Notes being "outstanding" shall be construed in accordance with the Trust 
Deed;  
(vii) 
references in these Conditions to taking proceedings against the Issuer shall be deemed to 
include references to proving in the winding up of the Issuer; 
(viii) 
references in the Conditions to any action, remedy or method of proceeding for the 
enforcement of the rights of creditors shall be deemed to include, in respect of any 
jurisdiction other than England, references to such action, remedy or method of proceeding 
for the enforcement of the rights of creditors available or appropriate in such jurisdiction 
as shall most nearly approximate to such action, remedy or method of proceeding 
described or referred to in the Conditions;  
(ix) 
words denoting the singular include the plural and vice versa; 
(x) 
words denoting one gender only include the other genders;  
(xi) 
words denoting persons only include firms and corporations and vice versa; and 
(xii) 
if an expression is stated in Condition 2.1 (Definitions) to have the meaning given in the 
applicable Issue Terms, but the applicable Issue Terms gives no such meaning or specifies 
that such expression is "not applicable" then such expression is not applicable to the Notes. 
3. 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
3.1 
Form:  The Issuer may issue Notes in bearer form ("Bearer Notes") to the extent it has been 
determined that such Notes should be classified as being in registered form for U.S. Federal income 
tax purposes or in registered form ("Registered Notes"). 
3.2 
Bearer Notes 
3.2.1 
Form:  Bearer Notes in definitive form will be serially numbered in the Specified 
Denomination(s) with Coupons and, if specified in the applicable Issue Terms, Talons 
attached at the time of issue.  In the case of a Series of Bearer Notes with more than one 
Specified Denomination, Bearer Notes of one Specified Denomination will not be 
exchangeable for Bearer Notes of another Specified Denomination. 
3.2.2 
Title:  Title to the Bearer Notes and the Coupons attaching thereto will pass by delivery.  
In respect of any Bearer Note, "Holder" means the holder of such Bearer Note and 
"Noteholder" and "Couponholder" shall be construed accordingly. 
3.2.3 
Ownership:  The holder of any Bearer Note or Coupon attaching thereto shall (except as 
otherwise required by law) be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes (whether or 
not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or any other interest 
therein, any writing thereon or any notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) and no 
Person shall be liable for so treating such holder. 
3.3 
Registered Notes 
3.3.1 
Form:  Registered Notes may be in either individual certificate form or in global 
certificate form. Registered Notes are in the Specified Denomination(s), which may 
include a minimum denomination specified in the applicable Issue Terms and higher 
integral multiples of a smaller amount specified in the applicable Issue Terms.

--- Page 67 ---
10223680081-v22 
- 59 - 
70-41030080 
 
3.3.2 
Title:  Title to the Registered Notes passes by registration in the Register which is kept 
by the Registrar in accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement.  A 
certificate (each, a "Note Certificate") will be issued to each Holder of Registered Notes 
in respect of its registered holding.  Each Note Certificate will be numbered serially with 
an identifying number which will be recorded in the Register.  "Holder" means, in the 
case of Registered Notes, the person in whose name such Registered Note is for the time 
being registered in the Register (or, in the case of a joint holding, the first named thereof) 
and "Noteholder" shall be construed accordingly. 
3.3.3 
Ownership:  The Holder of any Registered Note shall (except as otherwise required by 
law) be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes (whether or not it is overdue and 
regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or any other interest therein, any writing on 
the Note Certificate relating thereto (other than the endorsed form of transfer) or any 
notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) and no Person shall be liable for so treating 
such holder. 
3.3.4 
Transfers:  Subject to Conditions 3.3.7 (Closed Periods) and 3.3.8 (Regulations 
concerning transfers and registration) below, a Registered Note may be transferred upon 
surrender of the relevant Note Certificate, with the endorsed form of transfer duly 
completed, at the Specified Office of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent, together with 
such evidence as the Registrar or (as the case may be) such Transfer Agent may 
reasonably require to prove the title of the transferor and the authority of the individuals 
who have executed the form of transfer; provided, however, that a Registered Note may 
not be transferred unless the principal amount of Registered Notes transferred and (where 
not all of the Registered Notes held by a holder are being transferred) the principal 
amount of the balance of Registered Notes not transferred are Specified Denominations.  
Where not all the Registered Notes represented by the surrendered Note Certificate are 
the subject of the transfer, a new Note Certificate in respect of the balance of the 
Registered Notes will be issued to the transferor. 
3.3.5 
Registration and Delivery:  Within five business days of the surrender of a Note 
Certificate in accordance with Condition 3.3.4 (Transfers) above, the Registrar will 
register the transfer in question and deliver a new Note Certificate of a like principal 
amount to the Registered Notes transferred to each relevant holder at its Specified Office 
or (as the case may be) the Specified Office of any Transfer Agent or (at the request and 
risk of any such relevant holder) by uninsured first class mail (airmail if overseas) to the 
address specified for the purpose by such relevant holder.  In this Condition 3.3.5, 
"business day" means a day on which commercial banks are open for general business 
(including dealings in foreign currencies) in the city where the Registrar or (as the case 
may be) the relevant Transfer Agent has its Specified Office. 
3.3.6 
No charge:  The transfer of a Registered Note will be effected without charge by or on 
behalf of the Issuer or the Registrar or any Transfer Agent but against such indemnity as 
the Registrar or (as the case may be) such Transfer Agent may require in respect of any 
tax or other duty of whatsoever nature which may be levied or imposed in connection 
with such transfer. 
3.3.7 
Closed Periods:  Holders of Registered Notes may not require transfers to be registered 
during the period of 15 days ending on the due date for any payment of principal or 
interest in respect of the Registered Notes. 
3.3.8 
Regulations concerning transfers and registration:  All transfers of Registered Notes and 
entries on the Register are subject to the detailed regulations concerning the transfer of 
Registered Notes scheduled to the Agency Agreement.  The regulations may be changed 
by the Issuer with the prior written approval of the Registrar.  A copy of the current 
regulations will be mailed (free of charge) by the Registrar to any holder of Registered 
Notes who requests in writing a copy of such regulations.

--- Page 68 ---
10223680081-v22 
- 60 - 
70-41030080 
 
4. 
STATUS 
Status of the Notes:  The Notes constitute secured, direct and general obligations of the Issuer 
which rank pari passu among themselves. 
5. 
SECURITY 
5.1 
Security:  Each Series of Notes will have the benefit of security granted by the Issuer over a pool 
of Posted Collateral and other Secured Assets, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms for such 
Series of Notes and the Security Documents, in favour of the Trustee for the benefit of itself and 
the Noteholders and the Couponholders to secure the Issuer's obligations under the Notes and the 
Coupons (if any) comprising such Series of Notes.  The Posted Collateral and the Security created 
in respect of it is intended to constitute a security financial collateral arrangement pursuant to the 
Financial Collateral Arrangements (No.2) Regulations 2003 (as amended from time to time).  Any 
Security shall be created by the Security Documents, as agreed between the Issuer and the Trustee, 
from time to time and will be held on trust by the Trustee for itself and the Noteholders under the 
terms of the Trust Deed and any Additional Security Document. 
5.2 
Minimum Collateralisation Value:  All Posted Collateral over which Security will be created by 
the Issuer in favour of the Trustee (for the benefit of itself and the Noteholders) of each Series of 
Notes will be transferred by the Issuer to the Custody Account pursuant to the terms of the Custody 
Agreement and the Trust Deed.  In respect of each Series of Notes, the Issuer shall deliver Eligible 
Collateral or shall procure that Eligible Collateral is delivered to the Custodian, so that the 
aggregate Value of the Posted Collateral for such Series of Notes is, on each Collateral Valuation 
Date, greater than or equal to the Minimum Collateralisation Value. The Issuer, in respect of each 
Series of Notes, shall deliver further Eligible Collateral, or shall procure that further Eligible 
Collateral is delivered, to the Custodian in respect of any Collateral Valuation Date on which the 
aggregate Value of the Posted Collateral for such Series of Notes is less than the Minimum 
Collateralisation Value so that after such delivery, the aggregate Value of the Posted Collateral for 
such Series of Notes is greater than or equal to the Minimum Collateralisation Value.  If, on any 
Collateral Valuation Date, the aggregate Value of the Posted Collateral for such Series of Notes is 
greater than the Minimum Collateralisation Value, the Issuer may request, or may take such steps 
as may be reasonably required to procure, the withdrawal of such Posted Collateral, as permitted, 
in accordance with Condition 5.3 (Substitution and Withdrawal of Posted Collateral) below. 
5.3 
Substitution and Withdrawal of Posted Collateral:  On any Collateral Valuation Date in respect of 
a Series of Notes, the Issuer may, without the consent of the Trustee, substitute Posted Collateral 
with other Eligible Collateral and shall substitute any Posted Collateral that does not meet the 
Eligibility Criteria with other Eligible Collateral, subject to the provisions of the Trust Deed, the 
Collateral Service Agreement, any Additional Collateral Management Agreement and the 
applicable Issue Terms.  The Issuer, may, on any Collateral Valuation Date in respect of a Series 
of Notes, withdraw any Posted Collateral from the Custody Account without the consent of the 
Trustee provided that following any such withdrawal the aggregate Value of the Posted Collateral 
for such Series of Notes is greater than or equal to the greater of (i) the aggregate of any early 
redemption amounts that the Issuer would be required to pay to Noteholders in respect of such 
Series of Notes and (ii) the Minimum Collateralisation Value. 
For the purposes of this Condition 5.3, any substitution of Posted Collateral (the "Substituted 
Collateral") with other Eligible Collateral (the "Replacement Collateral") which results in a 
reduction of the aggregate Value of the Posted Collateral shall be deemed to be a substitution of 
the Substituted Collateral with the Replacement Collateral and a withdrawal of any excess 
Substituted Collateral with such excess having a Value equal to the amount by which the aggregate 
Value of the Posted Collateral has been reduced following such substitution. 
5.4 
Valuation of Posted Collateral: In accordance with the terms of the Trust Deed, the Collateral 
Administration and Reporting Agreement, the Collateral Service Agreement and any Additional 
Collateral Management Agreement, each Collateral Verification Agent will determine, on each 
Collateral Valuation Date, the Value of the Posted Collateral for each Series of Notes in respect of 
which it is so appointed and provide a report of such determination to the Collateral Reporting 
Agent.

--- Page 69 ---
10223680081-v22 
- 61 - 
70-41030080 
 
5.5 
Noteholder Reports: On each Collateral Valuation Date, the Collateral Reporting Agent shall 
prepare a report in respect of each Series of Notes (a "Noteholder Report") detailing, among other 
things, the Value of each individual item of Posted Collateral, the aggregate Value of each type of 
Posted Collateral and the aggregate Value of the Posted Collateral in the Custody Account.  Each 
Noteholder Report will be made available to the Noteholders on the secured website specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms that is accessible only by way of unique password (which may be 
obtained from the Collateral Reporting Agent by a Noteholder upon request, provided that such 
Noteholder provides the Collateral Reporting Agent with proof of its noteholding in a form 
satisfactory to the Collateral Reporting Agent, acting reasonably). 
5.6 
Realisation of the Secured Assets following an Event of Default:  If the Security created by the 
Security Documents in relation to the Secured Assets with respect to a Series of Notes becomes 
enforceable in accordance with these Conditions and the Security Documents, the Trustee, may at 
its discretion or, if so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders or if so requested, 
in writing, by holders of not less than 50 per cent. of the aggregate principal amount outstanding 
of such Notes, shall (subject to the Trustee being indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to 
its satisfaction) enforce the Security and/or take such action as may be permitted under the 
applicable laws against any obligor in respect of the Secured Assets.  The Trustee will not have 
any liability as to the consequences of such action and will not have regard to the effect of such 
action on any individual Noteholder or Couponholder. 
5.7 
Application of proceeds following enforcement:  The Realisation Proceeds shall be held by the 
Trustee on trust to be applied in the following order of priority, after the payment of any amounts 
due to the Collateral Service Provider in relation to such Series of Notes from the realisation 
proceeds relating to the Posted Euroclear Collateral, (unless otherwise specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms): 
(a) 
firstly, in and towards payment of all amounts due to the Trustee and/or any appointee 
and/or any receiver in relation to such Series of Notes, including any costs, expenses and 
taxes properly incurred in connection with enforcement or realisation of the Secured 
Assets in accordance with the Security Documents; 
(b) 
secondly, in and towards payment of all amounts, on a pari passu and pro rata basis, due 
to the Agents and the Collateral Agents (other than the Collateral Service Provider) in 
relation to such Series of Notes; 
(c) 
thirdly, in and towards payment of all amounts of principal and interest due but unpaid to 
the Noteholders and the Couponholders (if any) of such Series of Notes, including any 
Early Redemption Amount, on a pari passu and pro rata basis; and 
(d) 
finally, the balance, if any, to the Issuer. 
5.8 
Shortfall of proceeds:  In the event that, following the application of the Realisation Proceeds in 
respect of a Series of Notes in accordance with Condition 5.7 (Application of proceeds following 
enforcement), the amount payable to a Noteholder in respect of each Note is less than the Early 
Redemption Amount, together with any interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption (such 
amount, the "Shortfall"), the Issuer shall remain liable for such Shortfall but Noteholders shall not 
have recourse to the Secured Assets in respect of any other Series of Notes in relation to such 
Shortfall. 
6. 
FIXED RATE NOTE PROVISIONS 
6.1 
Application:  This Condition 6 is applicable to the Notes only if the Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
are specified in the applicable Issue Terms as being applicable. 
6.2 
Fixed Interest Rate: The Rate of Interest in respect of each Interest Period and/or Interest Payment 
Date which is subject to the Fixed Rate Note Provisions will be the Fixed Interest Rate. A different 
Fixed Interest Rate may apply in respect of different Interest Periods and/or Interest Payment Dates, 
as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. If a Rate of Interest or a Reference Rate for any period 
or any relevant day is specified in the Conditions or in the applicable Issue Terms to be a "Fixed

--- Page 70 ---
10223680081-v22 
- 62 - 
70-41030080 
 
Interest Rate", the relevant Rate of Interest or Reference Rate will be determined in accordance 
with the provisions set out in this Condition 6 (Fixed Rate Note Provisions). 
6.3 
Accrual of interest:  The Notes bear interest from the Interest Commencement Date at the Rate of 
Interest payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in Conditions 11 
(Payments - Bearer Notes) and 12 (Payments - Registered Notes).  Each Note will cease to bear 
interest from the due date for final redemption unless, upon due presentation or, in the case of a 
Registered Note, upon such due date, payment of the Redemption Amount is improperly withheld 
or refused, in which case it will continue to bear interest in accordance with this Condition 6 (as 
well after as before judgment) until whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in 
respect of such Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) 
the day which is seven days after the Principal Paying Agent has notified the Noteholders that it 
has received all sums due in respect of the Notes up to such seventh day (except to the extent that 
there is any subsequent default in payment). 
6.4 
Fixed Coupon Amount:  The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any Interest 
Period which is a Regular Interest Period shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount and, if the 
Notes are in more than one Specified Denomination, shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount 
in respect of the relevant Specified Denomination, provided that if a Broken Amount is specified 
in the Issue Terms in respect of an Interest Payment Date in respect of each Calculation Amount, 
the Interest Amount payable on such Interest Payment Date in respect of such Note per Calculation 
Amount shall be the Broken Amount. A different Fixed Coupon Amount may apply in respect of 
different Interest Periods and/or Interest Payment Dates, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
6.5 
Regular Interest Periods:  If all of the Interest Payment Dates fall at regular intervals between the 
Issue Date and the Maturity Date, then: 
6.5.1 
the Notes shall for the purposes of this Condition 6 be "Regular Interest Period Notes"; 
6.5.2 
the day and month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls shall, for 
the purposes of this Condition 6, be a "Regular Date"; and 
6.5.3 
each period from and including a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the 
next succeeding Regular Date shall, for the purposes of this Condition 6, be a "Regular 
Interest Period". 
6.6 
Irregular first or last Interest Periods:  If the Notes would be Regular Interest Period Notes but for 
the fact that either or both of: 
6.6.1 
the interval between the Issue Date and the first Interest Payment Date; and 
6.6.2 
the interval between the Maturity Date and the immediately preceding Interest Payment 
Date 
is longer or shorter than a Regular Interest Period, then the Notes shall nevertheless be deemed to 
be Regular Interest Period Notes, provided, however, that if the interval between the Maturity 
Date and the immediately preceding Interest Payment Date is longer or shorter than a Regular 
Interest Period, the day and month on which the Maturity Date falls shall not be a "Regular Date". 
6.7 
Irregular Interest Amount:  If the Notes are Regular Interest Period Notes, the amount of interest 
payable in respect of each Note for any period which is not a Regular Interest Period shall be 
calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to the Calculation Amount, multiplying the product by 
the relevant Day Count Fraction and rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the 
Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards).  For this purpose a "sub-unit" means, 
in the case of any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is available as 
legal tender in the country of such currency and, in the case of euro, means one cent.

--- Page 71 ---
10223680081-v22 
- 63 - 
70-41030080 
 
6.8 
Day Count Fraction:  In respect of any period which is not a Regular Interest Period the relevant 
day count fraction (the "Day Count Fraction") shall be determined in accordance with the 
following provisions: 
6.8.1 
if the Day Count Fraction is specified in the applicable Issue Terms as being 30/360, the 
relevant Day Count Fraction will be the number of days in the relevant period (calculated 
on the basis of a year of 360 days consisting of 12 months of 30 days each and, in the case 
of an incomplete month, the actual number of days elapsed) divided by 360; 
6.8.2 
if the Day Count Fraction is specified in the applicable Issue Terms as being Actual/Actual 
(ICMA) and the relevant period falls during a Regular Interest Period, the relevant Day 
Count Fraction will be the number of days in the relevant period divided by the product 
of (A) the number of days in the Regular Interest Period in which the relevant period falls 
and (B) the number of Regular Interest Periods in any period of one year; and 
6.8.3 
if the Day Count Fraction is specified in the applicable Issue Terms as being Actual/Actual 
(ICMA) and the relevant period begins in one Regular Interest Period and ends in the next 
succeeding Regular Interest Period, interest will be calculated on the basis of the sum of: 
(a) 
the number of days in the relevant period falling within the first such Regular 
Interest Period divided by the product of (1) the number of days in the first such 
Regular Interest Period and (2) the number of Regular Interest Periods in any 
period of one year; and 
(b) 
the number of days in the relevant period falling within the second such Regular 
Interest Period divided by the product of (1) the number of days in the second 
such Regular Interest Period and (2) the number of Regular Interest Periods in 
any period of one year. 
6.9 
Number of days:  For the purposes of this Condition 6, unless the Day Count Fraction is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms as being 30/360 (in which case the provisions of Condition 6.8.1 
above shall apply), the number of days in any period shall be calculated on the basis of actual 
calendar days from and including the first day of the relevant period to but excluding the last day 
of the relevant period. 
6.10 
Irregular Interest Periods:  If the Notes are not Regular Interest Period Notes and interest is 
required to be calculated for any period other than an Interest Period, interest shall be calculated 
on such basis as is described in the applicable Issue Terms. 
7. 
FLOATING RATE NOTE PROVISIONS 
7.1 
Application:  This Condition 7 is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note Provisions 
are specified in the applicable Issue Terms as being applicable. 
7.2 
Floating Interest Rate: The Rate of Interest in respect of each Interest which is subject to the 
Floating Rate Note Provisions will be the Floating Interest Rate. If a Rate of Interest or a Reference 
Rate for any period is specified in the Conditions or in the applicable Issue Terms to be a "Floating 
Interest Rate", the relevant Rate of Interest or Reference Rate will be determined in accordance 
with the provisions set out in Conditions 7.5 (Screen Rate Determination), 7.6 (ISDA 
Determination), 7.7 (Provisions specific to SOFR as Reference Rate),  7.8 (Provisions specific to 
SONIA as Reference Rate), 7.9 (Provisions specific to €STR as Reference Rate), 7.10 (Provisions 
specific to SARON as Reference Rate) or 7.11 Provisions specific to TONA as Reference Rate) as 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
7.3 
Accrual of interest:  The Notes bear interest from the Interest Commencement Date at the Floating 
Interest Rate (being a "Rate of Interest" in respect of Floating Rate Notes) payable in arrear on 
each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in Conditions 11 (Payments - Bearer Notes) and 
12 (Payments - Registered Notes).  Each Note will cease to bear interest from the due date for final 
redemption unless, upon due presentation or, in the case of a Registered Note, upon such due date, 
payment of the Redemption Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will 
continue to bear interest in accordance with this Condition 7 (as well after as before judgment) 
until whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that

--- Page 72 ---
10223680081-v22 
- 64 - 
70-41030080 
 
day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is seven days 
after the Principal Paying Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due in 
respect of the Notes up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default 
in payment).  The Rate of Interest in respect of all or any Interest Periods shall, if so specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms, be zero. 
7.4 
Linear Interpolation: In respect of any Notes for which the Floating Rate Notes Provisions are 
applicable, if "Linear Interpolation" is specified to be applicable in respect of any Interest Period, 
the Floating Interest Rate for such Interest Period shall be determined by the Determination Agent 
through the use of straight-line interpolation by reference to:  
7.4.1 
if Screen Rate Determination is specified as the manner in which the Floating Interest Rate 
is to be determined, two rates based on the relevant Reference Rate one of which shall be 
determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time, for which rates are 
available, next shorter than the length of such Interest Period and the other of which shall 
be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time, for which rates are 
available, next longer than the length of such Interest Period; and 
7.4.2 
if ISDA Determination is specified as the manner in which the Floating Interest Rate is to 
be determined, unless either "2006 ISDA Definitions Linear Interpolation" or "2021 ISDA 
Definitions Linear Interpolation" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, 
two rates based on the relevant Floating Rate Option one of which shall be determined as 
if the Designated Maturity were the period of time, for which rates are available, next 
shorter than the length of such Interest Period and the other of which shall be determined 
as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time, for which rates are available, next 
longer than the length of such Interest Period; 
7.5 
Screen Rate Determination:  Subject to the provisions of Condition 7.7 (Provisions specific to 
SOFR as Reference Rate), Condition 7.8 (Provisions specific to SONIA as Reference Rate), 
Condition 7.9 (Provisions specific to €STR as Reference Rate), Condition 7.10 (Provisions specific 
to SARON as Reference Rate), Condition 7.11 (Provisions specific to TONA as Reference Rate), 
Condition 7.17 (Relevant Rates Benchmark Discontinuance or Prohibition on Use), where such 
provisions are specified to apply in the applicable Issue Terms, Condition 7.18  (Effect of 
Benchmark Transition Event), or Condition 7.19 (General Fallback Arrangements), if Screen Rate 
Determination is specified in the applicable Issue Terms as the manner in which a Floating Interest 
Rate is to be determined, the Floating Interest Rate for an Interest Period or any relevant day (each 
a "Relevant Day") will be the Screen Rate for such Interest Period or such Relevant Day, plus or 
minus (as indicated in the applicable Issue Terms) the Margin (if any is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms in relation to such Screen Rate), and multiplied by the Interest Participation Rate (if 
any is specified in the applicable Issue Terms in relation to such Screen Rate).  
The Screen Rate applicable to the Notes for an Interest Period or a Relevant Day will be determined 
by the Determination Agent on the following basis:  
7.5.1 
if the Reference Rate is a composite quotation or customarily supplied by one entity, the 
Screen Rate will be the Reference Rate which  appears on the Relevant Screen Page as of 
the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date in respect of such Interest 
Period or such Relevant Day, as determined by the Determination Agent; 
7.5.2 
in any other case, the Screen Rate will be the arithmetic mean of the Reference Rates 
which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date in respect of such Interest Period or such Relevant Day, as determined 
by the Determination Agent; 
7.5.3 
if, in the case of Condition 7.5.1 above, such rate does not appear on that page or, in the 
case of Condition 7.5.2 above, fewer than two such rates appear on that page or if, in either 
case, the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, the Determination Agent will: 
(a) 
request the principal Relevant Financial Centre office of each of the Reference 
Banks to provide a quotation of the Reference Rate at approximately the Relevant 
Time on the Interest Determination Date to prime banks in the Relevant Financial

--- Page 73 ---
10223680081-v22 
- 65 - 
70-41030080 
 
Centre interbank market in an amount that is representative for a single 
transaction in that market at that time; and 
(b) 
determine the arithmetic mean of such quotations; and 
7.5.4 
if fewer than two such quotations are provided as requested, the Determination Agent will 
determine the arithmetic mean of the rates (being the nearest to the Reference Rate, as 
determined by the Determination Agent) quoted by major banks in the Principal Financial 
Centre of the Specified Currency, selected by the Determination Agent, at approximately 
11.00 a.m. (local time in the Principal Financial Centre of the Specified Currency) on the 
first day of the relevant Interest Period for loans in the Specified Currency to leading 
European banks for a period equal to the relevant Interest Period and in an amount that is 
representative for a single transaction in that market at that time,   
provided, however, that if the Determination Agent is unable to determine a rate or (as 
the case may be) an arithmetic mean in accordance with the above provisions in relation 
to any Interest Period or any Relevant Day, the Screen Rate applicable to the Notes during 
such Interest Period or Relevant Day will be the arithmetic mean last determined in 
relation to the Notes in respect of a preceding Interest Period or Relevant Day. 
7.6 
ISDA Determination:  Subject to the provisions of Condition 7.17 (Relevant Rates Benchmark 
Discontinuance or Prohibition on Use), where such provisions are specified to apply in the 
applicable Issue Terms, Condition 7.18 (Effect of Benchmark Transition Event) or Condition 7.19 
(General Fallback Arrangements), if ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms as the manner in which a Floating Interest Rate is to be determined, the Floating Interest 
Rate applicable to the Notes for each Interest Period will be the relevant ISDA Rate, plus or minus 
(as indicated in the applicable Issue Terms) the Margin (if any is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms in relation to such ISDA Rate), and multiplied by the Interest Participation Rate (if any is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms in relation to such ISDA Rate). The "ISDA Rate" in relation 
to any Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) 
that would be determined by the Calculation Agent under an interest rate swap transaction if the 
Determination Agent were acting as Calculation Agent for that interest rate swap transaction under 
the terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under which: 
7.6.1 
if "2006 ISDA Definitions" is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms: 
(i) 
the Floating Rate Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is as specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms; 
(ii) 
except in the case of Overnight Floating Rate Options (as defined in the ISDA 
Definitions), the Designated Maturity (as defined in the ISDA Definitions), if 
applicable, is a period specified in the applicable Issue Terms; 
(iii) 
the relevant Reset Date (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is either (A) if the 
relevant Floating Rate Option is based on the London inter-bank offered rate 
(LIBOR) for a currency, the first day of that Interest Period or (B) in any other 
case, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms; 
(iv) 
if an Overnight Floating Rate Option is specified as applicable in the relevant 
Issue Terms and: 
(A) 
an Overnight Rate Compounding Method (as defined in the ISDA 
Definitions) is specified in the relevant Issue Terms: 
(1) 
OIS Compounding is applicable if specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms and, if so, Daily Capped Rate and/or Daily Floored Rate 
are applicable if specified in the relevant Issue Terms and, if so, 
the Daily Capped Rate and the Daily Floored Rate are the rates 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms; 
(2) 
Compounding with Lookback is applicable if specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms and, if so, (a) Lookback is the number of

--- Page 74 ---
10223680081-v22 
- 66 - 
70-41030080 
 
Applicable Business Days specified in the relevant Issue Terms 
or, if not so specified in the relevant Issue Terms, in the ISDA 
Definitions, and (b) Daily Capped Rate and/or Daily Floored 
Rate are applicable if specified in the relevant Issue Terms and, 
if so, the Daily Capped Rate and the Daily Floored Rate are the 
rates specified in the relevant Issue Terms; 
(3) 
Compounding with Observation Period Shift is applicable if 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms and, if so, (a) Set-in-
Advance is applicable if specified as such in the relevant Issue 
Terms, (b) Observation Period Shift is the number of 
Observation Period Shift Business Days specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms or, if not so specified in the relevant Issue Terms, 
in the ISDA Definitions, (c) Observation Period Shift Additional 
Business Days are the days, if any, specified as such in the 
relevant Issue Terms and (d) Daily Capped Rate and/or Daily 
Floored Rate are applicable if specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms and, if so, the Daily Capped Rate and the Daily Floored 
Rate are the rates specified in the relevant Issue Terms; or 
(4) 
Compounding with Lockout is applicable if specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms and, if so, (a) Lockout is the number of 
Lockout Period Business Days specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms or, if not so specified in the relevant Issue Terms, in the 
ISDA Definitions, (b) Lockout Period Business Days are the 
days specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms or, if not so 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms, in the ISDA Definitions 
and (c) Daily Capped Rate and/or Daily Floored Rate are 
applicable if specified in the relevant Issue Terms and, if so, the 
Daily Capped Rate and the Daily Floored Rate are the rates 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms; or 
(B) 
an Overnight Rate Averaging Method (as defined in the ISDA 
Definitions) is specified in the relevant Issue Terms: 
(1) 
Overnight Averaging is applicable if specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms and, if so, Daily Capped Rate and/or Daily Floored 
Rate are applicable if specified in the relevant Issue Terms and, 
if so, the Daily Capped Rate and the Daily Floored Rate are the 
rates specified in the relevant Issue Terms; 
(2) 
Averaging with Lookback is applicable if specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms and, if so, (a) Lookback is the number of 
Applicable Business Days specified in the relevant Issue Terms 
or, if not so specified in the relevant Issue Terms, in the ISDA 
Definitions and (b) Daily Capped Rate and/or Daily Floored 
Rate are applicable if specified in the relevant Issue Terms and, 
if so, the Daily Capped Rate and the Daily Floored Rate are the 
rates specified in the relevant Issue Terms; 
(3) 
Averaging with Observation Period Shift is applicable if 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms and, if so, (a) Set-in-
Advance is applicable if specified as such in the relevant Issue 
Terms, (b) Observation Period Shift is the number of 
Observation Period Shift Business Days specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms or, if not so specified in the relevant Issue Terms, 
in the ISDA Definitions, (c) Observation Period Shift Additional 
Business Days are the days, if any, specified as such in the 
relevant Issue Terms and (d) Daily Capped Rate and/or Daily 
Floored Rate are applicable if specified in the relevant Issue

--- Page 75 ---
10223680081-v22 
- 67 - 
70-41030080 
 
Terms and, if so, the Daily Capped Rate and the Daily Floored 
Rate are the rates specified in the relevant Issue Terms; or 
(4) 
Averaging with Lockout is applicable if specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms and, if so, (a) Lockout is the number of Lockout 
Period Business Days specified in the relevant Issue Terms or, 
if not so specified in the relevant Issue Terms, in the ISDA 
Definitions, (b) Lockout Period Business Days are the days 
specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms or, if not so 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms, in the ISDA Definitions 
and (c) Daily Capped Rate and/or Daily Floored Rate are 
applicable if specified in the relevant Issue Terms and, if so, the 
Daily Capped Rate and the Daily Floored Rate are the rates 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms; 
(v) 
if an Index Floating Rate Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is specified 
as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms and an Index Method (as defined in the 
ISDA Definitions) is specified in the relevant Issue Terms: 
(A) 
Compounded Index Method is applicable if specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms; or 
(B) 
Compounded Index Method with Observation Period Shift is applicable 
if specified in the relevant Issue Terms and, if so, (a) Set-in-Advance is 
applicable if specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms, (b) 
Observation Period Shift is the number of Observation Period Shift 
Business Days specified in the relevant Issue Terms or, if not so specified 
in the relevant Issue Terms, in the ISDA Definitions and (c) Observation 
Period Shift Additional Business Days are the days, if any, specified as 
such in the relevant Issue Terms; 
(vi) 
in connection with any Overnight Rate Compounding Method, Overnight Rate 
Averaging Method or Index Method specified in the relevant Issue Terms, 
references in the ISDA Definitions to: (1) numbers, financial centers or other 
items specified in the Confirmation shall be deemed to be references to the 
numbers, financial centers or other items specified for such purpose in the 
relevant Issue Terms; (2) "Business Day in the financial centres, if any, specified 
for such purpose in the Confirmation" shall be deemed to be references to 
Business Day; (3) "Calculation Period" shall be deemed to be references to the 
relevant Interest Period; (4) "Floating Rate Day Count Fraction" shall be deemed 
to be references to Day Count Fraction; (5) "Period End Date" shall be deemed to 
be references to the relevant Interest Period End Date; (6) "Termination Date" 
shall be deemed to be references to the final Interest Period End Date; and (7) 
"Effective Date" shall be deemed to be references to the Interest Commencement 
Date; and 
(vii) 
Delayed Payment is applicable if specified in the relevant Issue Terms and the 
relevant delay is the number of Business Days specified in respect of Delayed 
Payment in the relevant Issue Terms; 
(viii) 
Section 8.3 (Linear Interpolation) of the ISDA Definitions is deemed to be 
deleted unless "2006 ISDA Definitions Linear Interpolation" is specified as 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms; 
(ix) 
Section 4.14 (Calculation Agent) is deemed to be amended by the deletion of the 
words "Whenever the Calculation Agent is required to act, make a determination 
or to exercise judgment in any other way, it will do so in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner.";

--- Page 76 ---
10223680081-v22 
- 68 - 
70-41030080 
 
7.6.2 
if "2021 ISDA Definitions" is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms: 
(i) 
the Floating Rate Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is as specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms; 
(ii) 
except in the case of Overnight Floating Rate Options (as defined in the ISDA 
Definitions), the Designated Maturity (as defined in the ISDA Definitions), if 
applicable, is a period specified in the applicable Issue Terms; 
(iii) 
the relevant Reset Date (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is either (A) if the 
relevant Floating Rate Option is based on the London inter bank offered rate 
(LIBOR) for a currency, the first day of that Interest Period or (B) in any other 
case, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms; 
(iv) 
if an Overnight Floating Rate Option is specified as applicable in the relevant 
Issue Terms and: 
(A) 
an Overnight Rate Compounding Method (as defined in the ISDA 
Definitions) is specified in the relevant Issue Terms: 
(1) 
OIS Compounding is applicable if specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms and, if so, Daily Capped Rate and/or Daily Floored Rate 
are applicable if specified in the relevant Issue Terms and, if so, 
the Daily Capped Rate and the Daily Floored Rate are the rates 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms; 
(2) 
Compounding with Lookback is applicable if specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms and, if so, (a) Lookback is the number of 
Applicable Business Days specified in the relevant Issue Terms 
or, if not so specified in the relevant Issue Terms, in the ISDA 
Definitions and (b) Daily Capped Rate and/or Daily Floored 
Rate are applicable if specified in the relevant Issue Terms and, 
if so, the Daily Capped Rate and the Daily Floored Rate are the 
rates specified in the relevant Issue Terms; 
(3) 
Compounding with Observation Period Shift is applicable if 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms and, if so, Set-in-Advance 
is applicable if specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms and, 
if so, (a) Set-in-Advance is applicable if specified as such in the 
relevant Issue Terms, (b) Observation Period Shift is the number 
of Observation Period Shift Business Days specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms or, if not so specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms, in the ISDA Definitions, (c) Observation Period Shift 
Additional Business Days are the days, if any, specified as such 
in the relevant Issue Terms and (d) Daily Capped Rate and/or 
Daily Floored Rate are applicable if specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms and, if so, the Daily Capped Rate and the Daily 
Floored Rate are the rates specified in the relevant Issue Terms; 
(4) 
Compounding with Lockout is applicable if specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms and, if so, (a) Lockout is the number of 
Lockout Period Business Days specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms or, if not so specified in the relevant Issue Terms, in the 
ISDA Definitions, (b) Lockout Period Business Days are the 
days specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms or, if not so 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms, in the ISDA Definitions 
and (c) Daily Capped Rate and/or Daily Floored Rate are 
applicable if specified in the relevant Issue Terms and, if so, the 
Daily Capped Rate and the Daily Floored Rate are the rates 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms; or

--- Page 77 ---
10223680081-v22 
- 69 - 
70-41030080 
 
(5) 
unless an Overnight Rate Compounding Method in sub-
paragraphs (1) to (4) above is applicable, in respect of an 
Overnight Floating Rate Option in the Floating Rate Matrix (as 
defined in the ISDA Definitions), any other method of 
compounding an overnight rate that is set out in the column 
entitled "Category/Style" in the Floating Rate Matrix is 
applicable; or 
(B) 
an Overnight Rate Averaging Method (as defined in the ISDA 
Definitions) is specified in the relevant Issue Terms: 
(1) 
Overnight Averaging is applicable if specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms and, if so, Daily Capped Rate and/or Daily Floored 
Rate are applicable if specified in the relevant Issue Terms and, 
if so, the Daily Capped Rate and the Daily Floored Rate are the 
rates specified in the relevant Issue Terms; 
(2) 
Averaging with Lookback is applicable if specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms and, if so, (a) Lookback is the number of 
Applicable Business Days specified in the relevant Issue Terms 
or, if not so specified in the relevant Issue Terms, in the ISDA 
Definitions and (b) Daily Capped Rate and/or Daily Floored 
Rate are applicable if specified in the relevant Issue Terms and, 
if so, the Daily Capped Rate and the Daily Floored Rate are the 
rates specified in the relevant Issue Terms; 
(3) 
Averaging with Observation Period Shift is applicable if 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms and, if so, Set-in-Advance 
is applicable if specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms and, 
if so, (a) Set-in-Advance is applicable if specified as such in the 
relevant Issue Terms, (b) Observation Period Shift is the number 
of Observation Period Shift Business Days specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms or, if not so specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms, in the ISDA Definitions, (c) Observation Period Shift 
Additional Business Days are the days, if any, specified as such 
in the relevant Issue Terms and (d) Daily Capped Rate and/or 
Daily Floored Rate are applicable if specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms and, if so, the Daily Capped Rate and the Daily 
Floored Rate are the rates specified in the relevant Issue Terms; 
(4) 
Averaging with Lockout is applicable if specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms and, if so, (a) Lockout is the number of Lockout 
Period Business Days specified in the relevant Issue Terms or, 
if not so specified in the relevant Issue Terms, in the ISDA 
Definitions, (b) Lockout Period Business Days are the days 
specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms or, if not so 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms, in the ISDA Definitions 
and (c) Daily Capped Rate and/or Daily Floored Rate are 
applicable if specified in the relevant Issue Terms and, if so, the 
Daily Capped Rate and the Daily Floored Rate are the rates 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms; or 
(5) 
unless an Overnight Rate Averaging Method in sub-paragraphs 
(1) to (4) above is applicable, in respect of an Overnight Floating 
Rate Option in the Floating Rate Matrix, any other method of 
averaging an overnight rate that is set out in the column entitled 
"Category/Style" in the Floating Rate Matrix is applicable;

--- Page 78 ---
10223680081-v22 
- 70 - 
70-41030080 
 
(v) 
if an Index Floating Rate Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is specified 
as applicable in the relevant Issue terms and an Index Method is specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms: 
(A) 
Standard Index Method is applicable if specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms; 
(B) 
Compounded Index Method is applicable if specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms; or 
(C) 
Compounded Index Method with Observation Period Shift is applicable 
if specified in the relevant Issue Terms and, if so, (a) Set-in-Advance is 
applicable if specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms, (b) 
Observation Period Shift is the number of Observation Period Shift 
Business Days specified in the relevant Issue Terms or, if not so specified 
in the relevant Issue Terms, in the ISDA Definitions and (c) Observation 
Period Shift Additional Business Days are the days, if any, specified as 
such in the relevant Issue Terms; 
(vi) 
in connection with any Overnight Rate Compounding Method, Overnight Rate 
Averaging Method or Index Method specified in the relevant Issue Terms, 
references in the ISDA Definitions to: (1) numbers, financial centers or other 
items specified in the Confirmation shall be deemed to be references to the 
numbers, financial centers or other items specified for such purpose in the 
relevant Issue Terms; (2) "Business Day in the financial centres, if any, specified 
for such purpose in the Confirmation" shall be deemed to be references to 
Business Day; (3) "Calculation Period" shall be deemed to be references to the 
relevant Interest Period; (4) "Floating Rate Day Count Fraction" shall be deemed 
to be references to Day Count Fraction; (5) "Period End Date" shall be deemed to 
be references to the relevant Interest Period End Date; (6) "Termination Date" 
shall be deemed to be references to the final Interest Period End Date; and (7) 
"Effective Date" shall be deemed to be references to the Interest Commencement 
Date; 
(vii) 
Delayed Payment is applicable if specified in the relevant Issue Terms and the 
relevant delay is the number of Business Days specified in respect of Delayed 
Payment in the relevant Issue Terms; 
(viii) 
Period End Date/Termination Date adjustment for Unscheduled Holiday (as 
defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions) will apply if specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms to be applicable; 
(ix) 
Non-Representative (as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions) will apply if 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms to be applicable; 
(x) 
Successor Benchmark and Successor Benchmark Effective Date (as defined in 
the 2021 ISDA Definitions) will be as specified in the relevant Issue Terms; 
(xi) 
if any fallbacks would otherwise be required to be determined in accordance with 
Section 8.6 (Generic Fallback Provisions) of the ISDA Definitions, such 
fallbacks shall not be so determined, but shall instead be determined in 
accordance with Condition 7.17 (Relevant Rates Benchmark Discontinuance or 
Prohibition on Use), where such provisions are specified to apply in the 
applicable Issue Terms or Condition 7.19 (General Fallback Arrangements) and 
the ISDA Definitions shall be construed accordingly; 
(xii) 
Sections 1.2.2 (Calculation Agent Standard) and 1.2.4 (Determinations by 
Calculation Agent) of the ISDA Definitions are deemed to be deleted; 
(xiii) 
Section 6.10 (Linear Interpolation) of the ISDA Definitions is deemed to be 
deleted unless "2021 ISDA Definitions Linear Interpolation" is specified as 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms; and

--- Page 79 ---
10223680081-v22 
- 71 - 
70-41030080 
 
(xiv) 
in any circumstance where the ISDA Definitions provide for anything to be 
determined by agreement between the parties or a discretion is given thereunder 
to the Calculation Agent to make any determination, the Determination Agent 
will make such determination or exercise such discretion. 
7.7 
Provisions specific to SOFR as Reference Rate 
7.7.1 
If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Issue Terms as the manner in 
which a Floating Interest Rate is to be determined and SOFR is specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms as the Reference Rate, the Floating Interest Rate for an Interest Period will 
be the relevant SOFR Benchmark plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Issue Terms) 
the Margin (as specified in the relevant Issue Terms), subject to a minimum of zero per 
cent.. 
7.7.2 
The "SOFR Benchmark" will be determined based on SOFR Compound with Lookback, 
SOFR Compound with Observation Period Shift, SOFR Compound with Payment Delay 
or SOFR Index Average, as follows: 
(i) 
if SOFR Compound with Lookback ("SOFR Compound with Lookback") is 
specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the SOFR Benchmark for each 
Interest Period shall be equal to the rate of return of a daily compound SOFR 
interest investment calculated in accordance with the following formula (with the 
resulting percentage rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth 
of a percentage point, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards to 0.00001): 
቎ෑ൬1 + 𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑖𝑖−𝑥𝑥𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈 𝑥𝑥 𝑛𝑛𝑖𝑖
360
൰−1
𝑑𝑑𝑜𝑜
𝑖𝑖=1
቏𝑥𝑥 360
𝑑𝑑 
where: 
"d" means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period. 
"d0", for any Interest Period, means the number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days in the relevant Interest Period. 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the 
relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Days in chronological 
order from, and including, the first U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day in the relevant Interest Period. 
"Lookback Days" means the number of U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"ni" for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" in the relevant 
Interest Period, means the number of calendar days from, and including, 
such day "i" up to, but excluding, the following U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day ("i+1"). 
"SOFRi", for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" in the 
relevant Interest Period, is equal to SOFR in respect of that day. 
"SOFRi-xUSBD", for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" in 
the relevant Interest Period, is equal to SOFR in respect of the U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days falling a number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days prior to that day "i" equal to the 
number of Lookback Days. 
(ii) 
if SOFR Compound with Observation Period Shift ("SOFR Compound with 
Observation Period Shift") is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, 
the SOFR Benchmark for each Interest Period shall be equal to the rate of return 
of a daily compound SOFR interest investment calculated in accordance with the

--- Page 80 ---
10223680081-v22 
- 72 - 
70-41030080 
 
following formula (with the resulting percentage rounded, if necessary, to the 
nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards to 0.00001): 
቎ෑ൬1 + 𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑖𝑖 𝑥𝑥 𝑛𝑛𝑖𝑖
360
൰−1
𝑑𝑑𝑜𝑜
𝑖𝑖=1
቏𝑥𝑥 360
𝑑𝑑 
where: 
"d" means the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation 
Period. 
"d0", for any Observation Period, means the number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days in the relevant Observation Period. 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the 
relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Days in chronological 
order from, and including, the first U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day in the relevant Observation Period. 
"ni" for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" in the relevant 
Observation Period, means the number of calendar days from, and 
including, such day "i" up to, but excluding, the following U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day ("i+1"). 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of each Interest Period, the 
period from, and including, the date falling a number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days equal to the Observation Shift Days preceding 
the first day of such Interest Period to, but excluding, the date falling a 
number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days equal to the 
Observation Shift Days preceding the Interest Period End Date for such 
Interest Period. 
"Observation Shift Days" means the number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"SOFRi", for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" in the 
relevant Observation Period, is equal to SOFR in respect of that day. 
(iii) 
if SOFR Compound with Payment Delay ("SOFR Compound with Payment 
Delay") is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the SOFR 
Benchmark for each Interest Period shall be equal to the rate of return of a daily 
compound SOFR interest investment calculated in accordance with the following 
formula (with the resulting percentage rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one 
hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards 
to 0.00001): 
቎ෑ൬1 + 𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑖𝑖 𝑥𝑥 𝑛𝑛𝑖𝑖
360
൰−1
𝑑𝑑𝑜𝑜
𝑖𝑖=1
቏𝑥𝑥 360
𝑑𝑑 
where: 
"d" means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period. 
"d0", for any Interest Period, means the number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days in the relevant Interest Period. 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the 
relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Days in chronological

--- Page 81 ---
10223680081-v22 
- 73 - 
70-41030080 
 
order from, and including, the first U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day in the relevant Interest Period. 
"ni" for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" in the relevant 
Interest Period, means the number of calendar days from, and including, 
such day "i" up to, but excluding, the following U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day ("i+1"). 
"SOFRi", for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" in the 
relevant Interest Period, is equal to SOFR in respect of that day. 
Where "SOFR Compound with Payment Delay" applies, for the purposes 
of calculating the SOFR Benchmark with respect to the final Interest 
Period, the level of SOFR for each U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day in the period from (and including) the SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date to 
(but excluding) the Maturity Date or the redemption date, as applicable, 
shall be the level of SOFR in respect of such SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date. 
(iv) 
if SOFR Index Average ("SOFR Index Average") is specified as applicable in 
the relevant Issue Terms, the SOFR Benchmark for each Interest Period shall be 
equal to the rate of return of the SOFR Index calculated in accordance with the 
following formula (with the resulting percentage rounded, if necessary, to the 
nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards to 0.00001): 
where: 
൬𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆 𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐸𝐸𝐸𝐸𝐸𝐸
𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆 𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆
൰−1 ൬360
𝑑𝑑𝑐𝑐
൰ 
"dc" means the number of calendar days from, and including, the SOFR 
IndexStart to, but excluding, the SOFR IndexEnd. 
"SOFR Index Determination Time" means approximately 5:00 p.m. 
(New York City time). 
"SOFR Index" means, in respect of any U.S Government Securities 
Business Day, the SOFR Index value as published by the Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York in relation to such U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day, as such value appears at the SOFR Index Determination 
Time on such U.S. Government Securities Business Day on the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York's Website, and appearing on the Relevant 
Screen Page. 
"SOFR IndexEnd" means the SOFR Index value on the date that is the 
number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms preceding the Interest Period End Date relating to 
such Interest Period (or in the final Interest Period, the Maturity Date or 
redemption date). 
"SOFR IndexStart" means the SOFR Index value on the date that is the 
number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms preceding the first date of the relevant Interest 
Period. 
If the values for SOFR IndexStart or SOFR IndexEnd are not published on 
or by the relevant Interest Determination Date and a Benchmark 
Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have not 
occurred, the "SOFR Index Average" shall be calculated on such Interest 
Determination Date with respect to the relevant Interest Period, in 
accordance with the formula set out in Condition 7.7.2(ii) (SOFR 
Compound with Observation Period Shift) above and for such purpose,

--- Page 82 ---
10223680081-v22 
- 74 - 
70-41030080 
 
"Observation Shift Days" shall be the number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days specified for such purpose in the relevant Issue 
Terms. If a Benchmark Transition Event and its related SOFR 
Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred, the provisions set forth in 
Condition 7.18  below shall apply. 
7.8 
Provisions specific to SONIA as Reference Rate 
7.8.1 
If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Issue Terms as the manner in 
which a Floating Interest Rate is to be determined and SONIA is specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms as the Reference Rate, the Floating Interest Rate for an Interest Period will 
be the relevant SONIA Benchmark plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Issue 
Terms) the Margin (if any) (as specified in the relevant Issue Terms), subject to a 
minimum of zero per cent. 
7.8.2 
The "SONIA Benchmark" will be determined based on SONIA Compound with 
Lookback, SONIA Compound with Observation Period Shift, SONIA Compound with 
Payment Delay or SONIA Index Average, as follows: 
(i) 
if SONIA Compound with Lookback ("SONIA Compound with Lookback") is 
specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the SONIA Benchmark for 
each Interest Period shall be equal to the rate of return of a daily compound 
SONIA interest investment calculated in accordance with the following formula 
(with the resulting percentage rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-
thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards to 
0.00001): 
቎ෑ൬1 + 𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑖𝑖−𝑝𝑝𝑝𝑝𝑝𝑝𝑝𝑝 𝑥𝑥 𝑛𝑛𝑖𝑖
365
൰−1
𝑑𝑑𝑜𝑜
𝑖𝑖=1
቏𝑥𝑥 365
𝑑𝑑 
where: 
"d" means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period; 
"d0" for any Interest Period, means the number of London Banking Days 
in the relevant Interest Period; 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the 
relevant London Banking Day in chronological order from, and 
including, the first London Banking Day in the relevant Interest Period; 
"Lookback Days" means the number of London Banking Days specified 
in the relevant Issue Terms; 
"ni" for any London Banking Day "i" in the relevant Interest Period, 
means the number of calendar days from, and including, such day "i" up 
to, but excluding, the following London Banking Day ("i+1"); 
"SONIAi-pLBD" for any London Banking Day "i" in the relevant Interest 
Period, is equal to the SONIA in respect of the London Banking Day 
falling a number of London Banking Days prior to that day "i" equal to 
the number of Lookback Days; 
(ii) 
if SONIA Compound with Observation Period Shift ("SONIA Compound with 
Observation Period Shift") is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, 
the SONIA Benchmark for each Interest Period shall be equal to the rate of return 
of a daily compound SONIA interest investment calculated in accordance with 
the following formula (with the resulting percentage rounded, if necessary, to the 
nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards to 0.00001):

--- Page 83 ---
10223680081-v22 
- 75 - 
70-41030080 
 
቎ෑ൬1 + 𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑖𝑖 𝑥𝑥 𝑛𝑛𝑖𝑖
365
൰−1
𝑑𝑑𝑜𝑜
𝑖𝑖=1
቏𝑥𝑥 365
𝑑𝑑 
where: 
"d" means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period; 
"d0" for any Observation Period, means the number of London Banking 
Days in the relevant Observation Period; 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the 
relevant London Banking Day in chronological order from, and 
including, the first London Banking Day in the relevant Observation 
Period; 
"Lookback Days" means the number of London Banking Days specified 
in the relevant Issue Terms; 
"ni" for any London Banking Day "i" in the relevant Observation Period, 
means the number of calendar days from, and including, such day "i" up 
to, but excluding, the following London Banking Day ("i+1"); 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of each Interest Period, the 
period from, and including, the date falling a number of London Banking 
Days equal to the Observation Shift Days preceding the first day of such 
Interest Period to, but excluding, the date falling a number of London 
Banking Days equal to the Observation Shift Days preceding the Interest 
Period End Date for such Interest Period; 
"Observation Shift Days" means the number of London Banking Days 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms; and 
"SONIAi" for any London Banking Day "i" in the relevant Observation 
Period, is equal to SONIA in respect of that day "i". 
(iii) 
if SONIA Compound with Payment Delay ("SONIA Compound with Payment 
Delay") is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the SONIA 
Benchmark for each Interest Period shall be equal to the rate of return of a daily 
compound SONIA interest investment calculated in accordance with the 
following formula (with the resulting percentage rounded, if necessary, to the 
nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards to 0.00001): 
቎ෑ൬1 + 𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑖𝑖 𝑥𝑥 𝑛𝑛𝑖𝑖
365
൰−1
𝑑𝑑𝑜𝑜
𝑖𝑖=1
቏𝑥𝑥 365
𝑑𝑑 
where: 
"d" means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period; 
"d0" for any Interest Period, means the number of London Banking Days 
in the relevant Interest Period; 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the 
relevant London Banking Day in chronological order from, and 
including, the first London Banking Day in the relevant Interest Period; 
"ni" for any London Banking Day "i" in the relevant Interest Period, 
means the number of calendar days from, and including, such day "i" up 
to, but excluding, the following London Banking Day ("i+1");

--- Page 84 ---
10223680081-v22 
- 76 - 
70-41030080 
 
"SONIAi" for any London Banking Day "i" in the relevant Interest 
Period, is equal to SONIA in respect of that day "i". 
Where "SONIA Compound with Payment Delay" applies, for the 
purposes of calculating the SONIA Benchmark with respect to the final 
Interest Period, the level of SONIA for each London Banking Day in the 
period from (and including) the SONIA Rate Cut-Off Date to (but 
excluding) the Maturity Date or the redemption date, as applicable, shall 
be the level of SONIA in respect of such SONIA Rate Cut-Off Date. 
(iv) 
if SONIA Index Average ("SONIA Index Average") is specified as applicable 
in the relevant Issue Terms, the SONIA Benchmark for each Interest Period shall 
be equal to the rate of return of the SONIA Index calculated in accordance with 
the following formula (with the resulting percentage rounded, if necessary, to the 
nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards to 0.00001): 
൬𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆 𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐸𝐸𝐸𝐸𝐸𝐸
𝑆𝑆𝑂𝑂𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁 𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆
൰−1 ൬365
𝑑𝑑൰ 
where: 
"d" means the number of calendar days from, and including, the SONIA 
IndexStart to, but excluding, the SONIA IndexEnd; 
"Relevant Number" means the number specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms (or, if no such number is specified, five); 
"SONIA Index" means in respect of any London Banking Day, the 
SONIA Compounded Index in relation to such London Banking Day as 
provided by the Bank of England (or any successor) to authorised 
distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen Page, or if the 
Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by such 
authorised distributors, in each case on such London Banking Day; 
If the value of either or both of SONIA IndexStart or SONIA IndexEnd is 
not published or displayed on the Relevant Screen Page by the 
administrator of the SONIA Index or other information service by 5.00 
p.m. (London time) (or, if later, by the time falling one hour after the 
customary or scheduled time for publication thereof in accordance with 
the then-prevailing operational procedures of the administrator of the 
SONIA Index or of such other information service, as the case may be) 
on the relevant Interest Determination Date, the SONIA Benchmark for 
the applicable Interest Period for which the SONIA Index is not available 
shall be determined as set out under Condition 7.8.2(ii) (SONIA 
Compound with Observation Period Shift) above as if SONIA 
Compound with Observation Period Shift were specified as applicable in 
the relevant Issue Terms, and for these purposes: the Observation Shift 
Days in respect of the applicable Interest Period for which the SONIA 
Index is not available shall be deemed to be equal to the Relevant 
Number of London Banking Days plus one (or such other number of 
London Banking Days as is specified for this purpose in the applicable 
Issue Terms), as if such alternative elections had been made in the 
applicable Issue Terms; 
"SONIA IndexEnd" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the SONIA 
Index value on the date that is the Relevant Number of London Banking 
Days preceding (a) the Interest Payment Date relating to such Interest 
Period or (b) such other date on which the relevant payment of interest 
falls due (but which by its definition or the operation of the relevant 
provisions is excluded from such Interest Period);

--- Page 85 ---
10223680081-v22 
- 77 - 
70-41030080 
 
"SONIA IndexStart" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the SONIA 
Index value on the date that is the Relevant Number of London Banking 
Days preceding the first date of the relevant Interest Period. 
For the purposes of this Condition 7.8 (Provisions specific to SONIA as Reference 
Rate), if SONIA in respect of any London Banking Day (the "Relevant London 
Banking Day") is not published on the Relevant Screen Page or by an authorised 
distributor, and is not otherwise provided by the administrator of SONIA, by 
either (A) the immediately following London Banking Day (or any amended 
publication day for SONIA as specified by the administrator of SONIA in the 
SONIA benchmark methodology) or (B) such other date and time on which 
SONIA for the Relevant London Banking Day is required for the purpose of any 
determination pursuant to the Conditions and, in either case, none of the events 
triggering the fallbacks specified in Condition 7.17 (Relevant Rates Benchmark 
Discontinuance or Prohibition on Use) or 7.19 (General Fallback Arrangements) 
(as applicable) have occurred, SONIA for the Relevant London Banking Day 
shall be deemed to be the rate equal to SONIA for the most recent London 
Banking Day in respect of which SONIA was so published or provided. 
7.9 
Provisions specific to €STR as Reference Rate 
7.9.1 
If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Issue Terms as the manner in 
which a Floating Interest Rate is to be determined and €STR is specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms as the Reference Rate, the Floating Interest Rate for an Interest Period will 
be the relevant €STR Benchmark plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Issue Terms) 
the Margin (if any) (as specified in the relevant Issue Terms), subject to a minimum of 
zero per cent. 
7.9.2 
The "€STR Benchmark" will be determined based on €STR Compound with Lookback, 
€STR Compound with Observation Period Shift, €STR Compound with Payment Delay 
or €STR Index Average, as follows: 
(i) 
if €STR Compound with Lookback ("€STR Compound with Lookback") is 
specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the €STR Benchmark for each 
Interest Period shall be equal to the rate of return of a daily compound €STR 
interest investment calculated in accordance with the following formula (with the 
resulting percentage rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth 
of a percentage point, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards to 0.00001): 
቎ෑ൬1 + €STR𝑖𝑖𝑖𝑖𝑖𝑖𝑖𝑖𝑖𝑖 𝑥𝑥 𝑛𝑛𝑖𝑖
360
൰−1
𝑑𝑑𝑜𝑜
𝑖𝑖=1
቏𝑥𝑥 360
𝑑𝑑 
where: 
"d" means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period; 
"d0" for any Interest Period, means the number of TARGET Settlement 
Days in the relevant Interest Period; 
"€STRi-pTBD" for any TARGET Settlement Day "i" in the relevant 
Interest Period, is equal to €STR in respect of the TARGET Settlement 
Day falling a number of TARGET Settlement Days prior to that day "i" 
equal to the number of Lookback Days; 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the 
relevant TARGET Settlement Day in chronological order from, and 
including, the first TARGET Settlement Day in the relevant Interest 
Period;

--- Page 86 ---
10223680081-v22 
- 78 - 
70-41030080 
 
"Lookback Days" means the number of TARGET Settlement Days 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms; 
"ni" for any TARGET Settlement Day "i" in the relevant Interest Period, 
means the number of calendar days from, and including, such day "i" up 
to, but excluding, the following TARGET Settlement Day ("i+1"); 
(ii) 
if €STR Compound with Observation Period Shift ("€STR Compound with 
Observation Period Shift") is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, 
the €STR Benchmark for each Interest Period shall be equal to the rate of return 
of a daily compound €STR interest investment calculated in accordance with the 
following formula (with the resulting percentage rounded, if necessary, to the 
nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards to 0.00001): 
቎ෑ൬1 + €STR𝑖𝑖 𝑥𝑥 𝑛𝑛𝑖𝑖
360
൰−1
𝑑𝑑𝑜𝑜
𝑖𝑖=1
቏𝑥𝑥 360
𝑑𝑑 
where: 
"d" means the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation 
Period; 
"d0" for any Observation Period, means the number of TARGET 
Settlement Days in the relevant Observation Period; 
"€STRi" for any TARGET Settlement Day "i" in the relevant 
Observation Period, is equal to €STR in respect of that day "i"; 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the 
relevant TARGET Settlement Day in chronological order from, and 
including, the first TARGET Settlement Day in the relevant Observation 
Period; 
"ni" for any TARGET Settlement Day "i" in the relevant Observation 
Period, means the number of calendar days from, and including, such day 
"i" up to, but excluding, the following TARGET Settlement Day ("i+1"); 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of each Interest Period, the 
period from, and including, the date falling a number of TARGET 
Settlement Days equal to the Observation Shift Days preceding the first 
day of such Interest Period to, but excluding, the date falling a number 
of TARGET Settlement Days equal to the Observation Shift Days 
preceding the Interest Period End Date for such Interest Period; and 
"Observation Shift Days" means the number of TARGET Settlement 
Days specified in the relevant Issue Terms; 
(iii) 
if €STR Compound with Payment Delay ("€STR Compound with Payment 
Delay") is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the €STR 
Benchmark for each Interest Period shall be equal to the rate of return of a daily 
compound €STR interest investment calculated in accordance with the following 
formula (with the resulting percentage rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one 
hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards 
to 0.00001): 
቎ෑ൬1 + €STR𝑖𝑖 𝑥𝑥 𝑛𝑛𝑖𝑖
360
൰−1
𝑑𝑑𝑜𝑜
𝑖𝑖=1
቏𝑥𝑥 360
𝑑𝑑

--- Page 87 ---
10223680081-v22 
- 79 - 
70-41030080 
 
where: 
"d" means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period; 
"d0" for any Interest Period, means the number of TARGET Settlement 
Days in the relevant Interest Period; 
"€STRi" for any TARGET Settlement Day "i" in the relevant Interest 
Period, is equal to €STR in respect of that day "i". 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the 
relevant TARGET Settlement Day in chronological order from, and 
including, the first TARGET Settlement Day in the relevant Interest 
Period; 
"ni" for any TARGET Settlement Day "i" in the relevant Interest Period, 
means the number of calendar days from, and including, such day "i" up 
to, but excluding, the following TARGET Settlement Day ("i+1"); 
Where "€STR Compound with Payment Delay" applies, for the purposes 
of calculating €STR with respect to the final Interest Period, the level of 
€STR for each TARGET Settlement Day in the period from (and 
including) the €STR Rate Cut-Off Date to (but excluding) the Maturity 
Date or the redemption date, as applicable, shall be the level of €STR in 
respect of such €STR Rate Cut-Off Date. 
(iv) 
if €STR Index Average ("€STR Index Average") is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Issue Terms, the €STR Benchmark for each Interest Period shall be equal 
to the rate of return of the €STR Index calculated in accordance with the following 
formula (with the resulting percentage rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one 
hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards 
to 0.00001): 
൬€STR  𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐸𝐸𝐸𝐸𝐸𝐸
€STR 𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆
൰−1 ൬360
𝑑𝑑൰ 
where: 
"d" means the number of calendar days from, and including, the €STR 
IndexStart to, but excluding, the €STR IndexEnd; 
"€STR Index" means, in respect of any TARGET Settlement Day, the 
Compounded €STR Index in relation to such TARGET Settlement Day 
as published by the ECB on the ECB's Website on such TARGET 
Settlement Day and appearing on the Relevant Screen Page; 
If the value of either or both of €STR IndexStart or €STR IndexEnd is not 
published or displayed on the ECB's Website or the Relevant Screen Page 
by the administrator of the €STR Index or other information service by 
5.00 p.m. (Central European Time) (or, if later, by the time falling one 
hour after the customary or scheduled time for publication thereof in 
accordance with the then-prevailing operational procedures of the 
administrator of €STR Index or of such other information service, as the 
case may be) on the relevant Interest Determination Date, the €STR 
Benchmark for the applicable Interest Period for which the €STR Index 
is not available shall be determined as set out under Condition 7.9.2(ii) 
(€STR Compound with Observation Period Shift) above as if €STR 
Compound with Observation Period Shift were specified as applicable in 
the relevant Issue Terms, and for these purposes: the Observation Shift 
Days in respect of the applicable Interest Period for which the €STR 
Index is not available shall be deemed to be equal to the Relevant 
Number of TARGET Settlement Days plus one (or such other number of

--- Page 88 ---
10223680081-v22 
- 80 - 
70-41030080 
 
TARGET Settlement Days as is specified for this purpose in the 
applicable Issue Terms), as if such alternative elections had been made 
in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"€STR IndexEnd" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the €STR Index 
value on the date that is the Relevant Number of TARGET Settlement 
Days specified in the relevant Issue Terms preceding (a) the Interest 
Payment Date relating to such Interest Period or (b) such other date on 
which the relevant payment of interest falls due (but which by its 
definition or the operation of the relevant provisions is excluded from 
such Interest Period); 
"€STR IndexStart" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the €STR 
Index value on the date that is the Relevant Number of TARGET 
Settlement Days preceding the first date of the relevant Interest Period; 
"Relevant Number" means the number specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms (or, if no such number is specified, five). 
For the purposes of this Condition 7.9 (Provisions specific to €STR as Reference 
Rate), if €STR in respect of any TARGET Settlement Day (the "Relevant 
TARGET Settlement Day") is not published on the Relevant Screen Page or by 
an authorised distributor, and is not otherwise provided by the administrator of 
€STR, by either (A) the immediately following TARGET Settlement Day (or any 
amended publication day for €STR as specified by the administrator of €STR in 
the €STR benchmark methodology) or (B) such other date and time on which 
€STR for the Relevant TARGET Settlement Day is required for the purpose of 
any determination pursuant to the Conditions and, in either case, none of the 
events triggering the fallbacks specified in Condition 7.17 (Relevant Rates 
Benchmark Discontinuance or Prohibition on Use) or 7.19 (General Fallback 
Arrangements) (as applicable) have occurred, €STR for the Relevant TARGET 
Settlement Day shall be deemed to be the rate equal to €STR for the most recent 
TARGET Settlement Day in respect of which €STR was so published or 
provided. 
7.10 
Provisions specific to SARON as Reference Rate 
7.10.1 If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Issue Terms as the manner in 
which a Floating Interest Rate is to be determined and SARON is specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms as the Reference Rate, the Floating Interest Rate for an Interest Period will 
be the relevant SARON Benchmark plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Issue 
Terms) the Margin (if any) (as specified in the relevant Issue Terms), subject to a 
minimum of zero per cent. 
7.10.2 The "SARON Benchmark" will be determined based on SARON Compound with 
Lookback, SARON Compound with Observation Period Shift, SARON Compound with 
Payment Delay or SAION Index Average, as follows: 
(i) 
if SARON Compound with Lookback ("SARON Compound with Lookback") 
is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the SARON Benchmark for 
each Interest Period shall be equal to the rate of return of a daily compound 
SARON interest investment calculated in accordance with the following formula 
(with the resulting percentage rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-
thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards to 
0.00001): 
቎ෑ൬1 + 𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑖𝑖−𝑥𝑥𝑥𝑥𝑥𝑥𝑥𝑥 𝑥𝑥 𝑛𝑛𝑖𝑖
360
൰−1
𝑑𝑑𝑜𝑜
𝑖𝑖=1
቏𝑥𝑥 360
𝑑𝑑

--- Page 89 ---
10223680081-v22 
- 81 - 
70-41030080 
 
where: 
"d" means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period; 
"d0" for any Interest Period, means the number of Zurich Banking Days 
in the relevant Interest Period; 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the 
relevant Zurich Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, 
the first Zurich Banking Day in the relevant Interest Period; 
"Lookback Days" means the number of Zurich Banking Days specified 
in the relevant Issue Terms; 
"ni" for any Zurich Banking Day "i" in the relevant Interest Period, means 
the number of calendar days from, and including, such day "i" up to, but 
excluding, the following Zurich Banking Day ("i+1"); 
"SARONi-xZBD" for any Zurich Banking Day "i" in the relevant Interest 
Period, is equal to SARON in respect of the Zurich Banking Day falling 
a number of Zurich Banking Days prior to that day "i" equal to the 
number of Lookback Days; 
(ii) 
if SARON Compound with Observation Period Shift ("SARON Compound with 
Observation Period Shift") is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, 
the SARON Benchmark for each Interest Period shall be equal to the rate of return 
of a daily compound SARON interest investment calculated in accordance with 
the following formula (with the resulting percentage rounded, if necessary, to the 
nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards to 0.00001): 
቎ෑ൬1 + 𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑖𝑖 𝑥𝑥 𝑛𝑛𝑖𝑖
360
൰−1
𝑑𝑑𝑜𝑜
𝑖𝑖=1
቏𝑥𝑥 360
𝑑𝑑 
where: 
"d" means the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation 
Period; 
"d0" for any Observation Period, means the number of Zurich Banking 
Days in the relevant Observation Period; 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the 
relevant Zurich Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, 
the first Zurich Banking Day in the relevant Observation Period; 
"ni" for any Zurich Banking Day "i" in the relevant Observation Period, 
means the number of calendar days from, and including, such day "i" up 
to, but excluding, the following Zurich Banking Day ("i+1"); 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of each Interest Period, the 
period from, and including, the date falling a number of Zurich Banking 
Days equal to the Observation Shift Days preceding the first day of such 
Interest Period to, but excluding, the date falling a number of Zurich 
Banking Days equal to the Observation Shift Days preceding the Interest 
Period End Date for such Interest Period; 
"Observation Shift Days" means the number of Zurich Banking Days 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms; and

--- Page 90 ---
10223680081-v22 
- 82 - 
70-41030080 
 
"SARONi" for any Zurich Banking Day "i" in the relevant Observation 
Period, is equal to SARON in respect of that day "i"; 
(iii) 
if SARON Compound with Payment Delay ("SARON Compound with 
Payment Delay") is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the 
SARON Benchmark for each Interest Period shall be equal to the rate of return of 
a daily compound SARON interest investment calculated in accordance with the 
following formula (with the resulting percentage rounded, if necessary, to the 
nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards to 0.00001): 
቎ෑ൬1 + 𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑖𝑖 𝑥𝑥 𝑛𝑛𝑖𝑖
360
൰−1
𝑑𝑑𝑜𝑜
𝑖𝑖=1
቏𝑥𝑥 360
𝑑𝑑 
where: 
"d" means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period; 
"d0" for any Interest Period, means the number of Zurich Banking Days 
in the relevant Interest Period; 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the 
relevant Zurich Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, 
the first Zurich Banking Day in the relevant Interest Period; 
"ni" for any Zurich Banking Day "i" in the relevant Interest Period, means 
the number of calendar days from, and including, such day "i" up to, but 
excluding, the following Zurich Banking Day ("i+1"); 
"SARONi" for any Zurich Banking Day "i" in the relevant Interest Period, 
is equal to SARON in respect of that SARON Compound with 
Payment Delay day "i". 
Where "SARON Compound with Payment Delay" applies, for the 
purposes of calculating SARON with respect to the final Interest Period, 
the level of SARON for each Zurich Banking Day in the period from 
(and including) the SARON Rate Cut-Off Date to (but excluding) the 
Maturity Date or the redemption date, as applicable, shall be the level of 
SARON in respect of such SARON Rate Cut-Off Date; 
(iv) 
if SAION Index Average ("SAION Index Average") is specified as applicable 
in the relevant Issue Terms, the SARON Benchmark for each Interest Period shall 
be equal to the rate of return of the SAION Index calculated in accordance with 
the following formula (with the resulting percentage rounded, if necessary, to the 
nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards to 0.00001): 
൬SAION  𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐸𝐸𝐸𝐸𝐸𝐸
SAION 𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆
൰−1 ൬360
𝑑𝑑൰ 
where: 
"d" means the number of calendar days from, and including, the SAION 
IndexStart to, but excluding, the SAION IndexEnd; 
"Relevant Number" means the number specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms (or, if no such number is specified, five). 
"SAION Index" means, in respect of any Zurich Banking Day, the 
SAION Index in relation to such Zurich Banking Day as provided by SIX 
Index AG (or any successor administrator) to authorised distributors and

--- Page 91 ---
10223680081-v22 
- 83 - 
70-41030080 
 
as then published on the Relevant Screen Page, or if the Relevant Screen 
Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by such administrator or 
authorised distributors, in each case on such Zurich Banking Day. 
If the value of either or both of SAION IndexStart or SAION IndexEnd is 
not published or displayed by the administrator of the SARON or other 
information service by 6.00 p.m. (Zurich time) (or, if later, by the time 
falling one hour after the customary or scheduled time for publication 
thereof in accordance with the then-prevailing operational procedures of 
the administrator of the SAION Index or of such other information 
service, as the case may be) on the relevant Interest Determination Date, 
the SARON Benchmark for the applicable Interest Period for which the 
SAION Index is not available shall be determined as set out under 
Condition 7.10.2(ii) (SARON Compound with Observation Period Shift) 
above as if SARON Compound with Observation Period Shift were 
specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, and for these 
purposes the Observation Shift Days in respect of the applicable Interest 
Period for which the SAION Index is not available shall be deemed to be 
equal to the Relevant Number of Zurich Banking Days plus one (or such 
other number of Zurich Banking Days as is specified for this purpose in 
the applicable Issue Terms), as if such alternative elections had been 
made in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"SAION IndexEnd" means, with respect to an Interest Period, the SAION 
Index value on the date that is the Relevant Number of Zurich Banking 
Days preceding (a) the Interest Payment Date relating to such Interest 
Period or (b) such other date on which the relevant payment of interest 
falls due (but which by its definition or the operation of the relevant 
provisions is excluded from such Interest Period). 
"SAION IndexStart" means, with respect to an Interest Period, the 
SAION Index value on the date that is the Relevant Number of Zurich 
Banking Days preceding the first date of the relevant Interest Period. 
For the purposes of this Condition 7.10 (Provisions specific to SARON as 
Reference Rate), if SARON in respect of any Zurich Banking Day (the "Relevant 
Zurich Banking Day") is not published on the Relevant Screen Page or by an 
authorised distributor, and is not otherwise provided by the administrator of 
SARON, by either (A) that Zurich Banking Day (or any amended publication day 
for SARON as specified by the administrator of SARON in the SARON 
benchmark methodology) or (B) such other date and time on which SARON for 
the Relevant Zurich Banking Day is required for the purpose of any determination 
pursuant to the Conditions and, in either case, none of the events triggering the 
fallbacks specified in Condition 7.17 (Relevant Rates Benchmark Discontinuance 
or Prohibition on Use) or 7.19 (General Fallback Arrangements) (as applicable) 
have occurred, SARON for the Relevant Zurich Banking Day shall be deemed to 
be the rate equal to SARON for the most recent Zurich Banking Day in respect of 
which SARON was so published or provided. 
7.11 
Provisions specific to TONA as Reference Rate 
7.11.1 If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Issue Terms as the manner in 
which a Floating Interest Rate is to be determined and TONA is specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms as the Reference Rate, the Floating Interest Rate for an Interest Period will 
be the relevant TONA Benchmark plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Issue

--- Page 92 ---
10223680081-v22 
- 84 - 
70-41030080 
 
Terms) the Margin (if any) (as specified in the relevant Issue Terms), subject to a 
minimum of zero per cent. 
7.11.2 The "TONA Benchmark" will be determined based on TONA Compound with Lookback, 
TONA Compound with Observation Period Shift, TONA Compound with Payment Delay 
or TONA Index Average, as follows: 
(i) 
if TONA Compound with Lookback ("TONA Compound with Lookback") is 
specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the TONA Benchmark for 
each Interest Period shall be equal to the rate of return of a daily compound TONA 
interest investment calculated in accordance with the following formula (with the 
resulting percentage rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth 
of a percentage point, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards to 0.00001): 
቎ෑ൬1 + 𝑇𝑇𝑇𝑇𝑇𝑇𝑇𝑇𝑖𝑖−𝑝𝑝𝑝𝑝𝑝𝑝𝑝𝑝 𝑥𝑥 𝑛𝑛𝑖𝑖
360
൰−1
𝑑𝑑𝑜𝑜
𝑖𝑖=1
቏𝑥𝑥 360
𝑑𝑑 
where: 
"d" means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period; 
"d0" for any Interest Period, means the number of Tokyo Banking Days 
in the relevant Interest Period; 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the 
relevant Tokyo Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, 
the first Tokyo Banking Day in the relevant Interest Period; 
"Lookback Days" means the number of Tokyo Banking Days specified 
in the relevant Issue Terms; 
"ni" for any Tokyo Banking Day "i" in the relevant Interest Period, means 
the number of calendar days from, and including, such day "i" up to, but 
excluding, the following Tokyo Banking Day ("i+1"); 
"TONAi-pTBD" for any Tokyo Banking Day "i" in the relevant Interest 
Period, is equal to TONA in respect of the Tokyo Banking Day falling a 
number of Tokyo Banking Days prior to that day "i" equal to the number 
of Lookback Days. 
(ii) 
if TONA Compound with Observation Period Shift ("TONA Compound with 
Observation Period Shift") is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, 
the TONA Benchmark for each Interest Period shall be equal to the rate of return 
of a daily compound TONA interest investment calculated in accordance with the 
following formula (with the resulting percentage rounded, if necessary, to the 
nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards to 0.00001): 
቎ෑ൬1 + 𝑇𝑇𝑇𝑇𝑇𝑇𝑇𝑇𝑖𝑖 𝑥𝑥 𝑛𝑛𝑖𝑖
365
൰−1
𝑑𝑑𝑜𝑜
𝑖𝑖=1
቏𝑥𝑥 365
𝑑𝑑 
where: 
"d" means the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation 
Period; 
"d0" for any Observation Period, means the number of Toyko Banking 
Days in the relevant Observation Period;

--- Page 93 ---
10223680081-v22 
- 85 - 
70-41030080 
 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the 
relevant Tokyo Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, 
the first Tokyo Banking Day in the relevant Observation Period; 
"ni" for any Tokyo Banking Day "i" in the relevant Observation Period, 
means the number of calendar days from, and including, such day "i" up 
to, but excluding, the following Tokyo Banking Day ("i+1"); 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of each Interest Period, the 
period from, and including, the date falling a number of Tokyo Banking 
Days equal to the Observation Shift Days preceding the first day of such 
Interest Period to, but excluding, the date falling a number of Tokyo 
Banking Days equal to the Observation Shift Days preceding the Interest 
Period End Date for such Interest Period; 
"Observation Shift Days" means the number of Tokyo Banking Days 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms; and 
"TONAi" for any Tokyo Banking Day "i" in the relevant Observation 
Period, is equal to TONA in respect of that day "i"; 
(iii) 
if TONA Compound with Payment Delay ("TONA Compound with Payment 
Delay") is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the TONA 
Benchmark for each Interest Period shall be equal to the rate of return of a daily 
compound TONA interest investment calculated in accordance with the following 
formula (with the resulting percentage rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one 
hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards 
to 0.00001): 
቎ෑ൬1 + 𝑇𝑇𝑇𝑇𝑇𝑇𝑇𝑇𝑖𝑖 𝑥𝑥 𝑛𝑛𝑖𝑖
365
൰−1
𝑑𝑑𝑜𝑜
𝑖𝑖=1
቏𝑥𝑥 365
𝑑𝑑 
where: 
"d" means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period; 
"d0" for any Interest Period, means the number of Tokyo Banking Days 
in the relevant Interest Period; 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the 
relevant Tokyo Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, 
the first Tokyo Banking Day in the relevant Interest Period; 
"ni" for any Tokyo Banking Day "i" in the relevant Interest Period, means 
the number of calendar days from, and including, such day "i" up to, but 
excluding, the following Tokyo Banking Day ("i+1"); 
"TONAi" for any Tokyo Banking Day "i" in the relevant Interest Period, 
is equal to TONA in respect of that day "i". 
Where "TONA Compound with Payment Delay" applies, for the 
purposes of calculating TONA with respect to the final Interest Period, 
the level of TONA for each Tokyo Banking Day in the period from (and 
including) the TONA Rate Cut-Off Date to (but excluding) the Maturity 
Date or the redemption date, as applicable, shall be the level of TONA in 
respect of such TONA Rate Cut-Off Date. 
(iv) 
if TONA Index Average ("TONA Index Average") is specified as applicable in 
the relevant Issue Terms, the TONA Benchmark for each Interest Period shall be 
equal to the rate of return of the TONA Index calculated in accordance with the 
following formula (with the resulting percentage rounded, if necessary, to the

--- Page 94 ---
10223680081-v22 
- 86 - 
70-41030080 
 
nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards to 0.00001): 
൬TONA  𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐸𝐸𝐸𝐸𝐸𝐸
TONA 𝐼𝐼𝑛𝑛𝑑𝑑𝑑𝑑𝑑𝑑𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆
൰−1 ൬365
𝑑𝑑൰ 
where: 
"d" means the number of calendar days from, and including, the TONA 
IndexStart to, but excluding, the TONA IndexEnd; 
"Relevant Number" means the number specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms (or, if no such number is specified, five). 
"TONA Index" means, in respect of any Tokyo Banking Day, the TONA 
Index in relation to such Tokyo Banking Day as provided by QUICK 
Corp (or any successor administrator) and published on the Relevant 
Screen Page, or if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise 
published by QUICK Corp. (or successor administrator), in each case on 
such Tokyo Banking Day. 
If the value of either or both of TONA IndexStart or TONA IndexEnd is 
not published or displayed on the Relevant Screen Page by the 
administrator of the TONA Index or other information service by 5.00 
p.m. (Tokyo time) (or, if later, by the time falling one hour after the 
customary or scheduled time for publication thereof in accordance with 
the then-prevailing operational procedures of the administrator of the 
TONA Index or of such other information service, as the case may be) 
on the relevant Interest Determination Date, the TONA Benchmark for 
the applicable Interest Period for which the TONA Index is not available 
shall be determined as set out under Condition 7.11.2(ii) (TONA 
Compound with Observation Period Shift) above as if TONA Compound 
with Observation Period Shift were specified as applicable in the relevant 
Issue Terms, and for these purposes: the Observation Shift Days in 
respect of the applicable Interest Period for which the TONA Index is not 
available shall be deemed to be equal to the Relevant Number of Tokyo 
Banking Days plus one (or such other number of Tokyo Banking Days 
as is specified for this purpose in the applicable Issue Terms), as if such 
alternative elections had been made in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"TONA IndexEnd" means, with respect to an Interest Period, the TONA 
Index value on the date that is the Relevant Number of Tokyo Banking 
Days preceding (a) the Interest Payment Date relating to such Interest 
Period or (b) such other date on which the relevant payment of interest 
falls due (but which by its definition or the operation of the relevant 
provisions is excluded from such Interest Period). 
"TONA IndexStart" means, with respect to an Interest Period, the TONA 
Index value on the date that is the Relevant Number of Tokyo Banking 
Days preceding the first date of the relevant Interest Period. 
For the purposes of this Condition 7.11 (Provisions specific to TONA as 
Reference Rate), if TONA in respect of any Tokyo Banking Day (the "Relevant 
Tokyo Banking Day") is not published on the Relevant Screen Page or by an 
authorised distributor, and is not otherwise provided by the administrator of 
TONA, by either (A) the immediately following Tokyo Banking Day (or any 
amended publication day for TONA as specified by the administrator of TONA 
in the TONA benchmark methodology) or (B) such other date and time on which 
TONA for the Relevant Tokyo Banking Day is required for the purpose of any 
determination pursuant to the Conditions and, in either case, none of the events 
triggering the fallbacks specified in Condition 7.17 (Relevant Rates Benchmark

--- Page 95 ---
10223680081-v22 
- 87 - 
70-41030080 
 
Discontinuance or Prohibition on Use) or 7.19 (General Fallback Arrangements) 
(as applicable) have occurred, TONA for the Relevant Tokyo Banking Day shall 
be deemed to be the rate equal to TONA for the most recent Tokyo Banking Day 
in respect of which TONA was so published or provided. 
7.12 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest:  If any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of 
Interest is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Rate of Interest shall in no event be 
greater than the maximum or be less than the minimum so specified. 
7.13 
Calculation of Interest Amount:  The Determination Agent will, as soon as practicable after the 
time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined in relation to each Interest Period, calculate 
the Interest Amount payable in respect of each Note for such Interest Period.  The Interest Amount 
will be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period to the Calculation 
Amount, multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count Fraction, rounding the resulting figure 
to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards) and 
multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal to the Specified Denomination of the relevant 
Note divided by the Calculation Amount.  For this purpose a "sub-unit" means, in the case of any 
currency other than euro, means the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender 
in the country of such currency and, in the case of euro, means one cent. 
7.14 
Calculation of other amounts:  If the applicable Issue Terms specify that any other amount is to be 
calculated by the Determination Agent, the  Determination Agent will, as soon as practicable after 
the time or times at which any such amount is to be determined, calculate the relevant amount.  
The relevant amount will be calculated by the  Determination Agent in the manner specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
7.15 
Publication:  The  Determination Agent will cause each Rate of Interest and Interest Amount 
determined by it, together with the relevant Interest Payment Date, and any other amount(s) 
required to be determined by it together with any relevant payment date(s) to be notified to the 
Paying Agents and each listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by which 
the Notes have been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation as soon as practicable after such 
determination but (in the case of each Rate of Interest, Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date) 
in any event not later than the first day of the relevant Interest Period.  Notice thereof shall also 
promptly be given to the Noteholders.  The  Determination Agent will be entitled to recalculate 
any Interest Amount (on the basis of the foregoing provisions) without notice in the event of an 
extension or shortening of the relevant Interest Period. If the Calculation Amount is less than the 
minimum Specified Denomination the  Determination Agent shall not be obliged to publish each 
Interest Amount but instead may publish only the Calculation Amount and the Interest Amount in 
respect of a Note having the minimum Specified Denomination. 
7.16 
Notifications:  All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition 7 by the  
Determination Agent will (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Paying 
Agents, the Noteholders and the Couponholders and (subject as aforesaid) no liability to any such 
Person will attach to the Determination Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by 
it of its powers, duties and discretions for such purposes. 
7.17 
Relevant Rates Benchmark Discontinuance or Prohibition on Use: If (i) Condition 7.18 (Effect of 
Benchmark Transition Event) does not apply, (ii) the applicable Issue Terms specifies that the 
provisions of this Condition 7.17 (Relevant Rates Benchmark Discontinuance or Prohibition on 
Use) are applicable and (iii) unless otherwise specified in the Issue Terms, where ISDA 
Determination is specified in the applicable Issue Terms as the manner in which the Floating 
Interest Rate is to be determined, after application of any ISDA Bespoke Fallbacks specified in the 
relevant Floating Rate Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) to apply following the 
occurrence of any of the following events and the application of such ISDA Bespoke Fallbacks 
fails to provide a means of determining the relevant Floating Rate (as defined in the ISDA 
Definitions), then, notwithstanding the terms set forth elsewhere in these Conditions, if the 
Determination Agent determines that any of the following events has occurred: 
(a) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of the 
Relevant Rates Benchmark announcing that it has ceased or will cease to provide the

--- Page 96 ---
10223680081-v22 
- 88 - 
70-41030080 
 
Relevant Rates Benchmark permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of 
statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide 
the Relevant Rates Benchmark; or 
(b) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the Relevant Rates Benchmark, the central bank for the currency of the 
Relevant Rates Benchmark, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator 
of the Relevant Rates Benchmark, a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the 
administrator of the Relevant Rates Benchmark or a court or an entity with similar 
insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator of the Relevant Rates Benchmark, 
which states that the administrator of the Relevant Rates Benchmark has ceased or will 
cease to provide the Relevant Rates Benchmark permanently or indefinitely, provided that, 
at the time of the statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will 
continue to provide the Relevant Rates Benchmark; or 
(c) 
where the Relevant Rates Benchmark is a LIBOR (other than U.S. dollar LIBOR which is 
addressed in Condition 7.18 (Effect of Benchmark Transition Event) below), a public 
statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator 
of the Relevant Rates Benchmark announcing that the Relevant Rates Benchmark is no 
longer representative; 
(d) 
unless otherwise specified in the Issue Terms, an Administrator/Benchmark Event occurs 
in relation to a Relevant Rates Benchmark,  
then the Determination Agent may use, as a substitute for the Relevant Rates Benchmark, and for 
each future Interest Determination Date (or other rate fixing date), the alternative rates benchmark 
determined in accordance with the following provisions: 
(i) 
if an alternative reference rate, index or benchmark is specified in the Issue Terms 
for this purpose (an "Alternative Pre-nominated Reference Rate"), such 
Alternative Pre nominated Reference Rate; or  
(ii) 
if an Alternative Pre-nominated Reference Rate is not specified in the Issue Terms, 
the alternative reference rate, index or benchmark selected by the central bank, 
reserve bank, monetary authority or any similar institution (including any 
committee or working group thereof) in the jurisdiction of the applicable index 
currency that is consistent with accepted market practice (the rate determined 
under sub-paragraph (i) above or this sub-paragraph (ii), the "Alternative Rate"). 
The Determination Agent may, after consultation with the Issuer, determine any adjustments to 
the Alternative Rate or the Margin (which may include the addition of an adjustment spread, which 
may be positive or negative, in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable, 
any transfer of economic value to or from the Issuer as a result of the replacement of the Relevant 
Rates Benchmark with the Alternative Rate), as well as the applicable Business Day Convention, 
Interest Determination Dates (or any other rate fixing dates) and related provisions and definitions 
of the Notes, in each case that are consistent with accepted market practice for the use of such 
Alternative Rate for debt obligations such as the Notes. 
If the Determination Agent determines, after consultation with the Issuer, that no such Alternative 
Rate exists on the relevant date, it may, after consultation with the Issuer, determine an alternative 
rate to be used as a substitute for the Relevant Rates Benchmark (which shall be the "Alternative 
Rate" for the purposes of these provisions), as well as any adjustments to the Margin (including 
any adjustment spread), the Business Day Convention, the Interest Determination Dates (or any 
other rate fixing dates) and related provisions and definitions in respect of the Notes, in each case, 
that are consistent with accepted market practice for the use of such Alternative Rate for debt 
obligations such as the Notes. 
The Issuer will then provide a notice, in accordance with Condition 22 (Notices), to Noteholders 
to inform them of the occurrence of any of events listed in Conditions 7.17(a) to 7.17(d) above, 
the Alternative Rate and any adjustment determinations which will apply to the Notes. The notice 
shall also confirm the effective date of the Alternative Rate and any adjustments.

--- Page 97 ---
10223680081-v22 
- 89 - 
70-41030080 
 
Notwithstanding anything else in this Condition 7.17, if the Determination Agent determines that 
the selection of a particular index, benchmark or other price as an "Alternative Rate" (taking into 
account any necessary adjustments that would need to be made in accordance with this Condition 
7.17) (1) is or would be unlawful under any applicable law or regulation; or (2) would contravene 
any applicable licensing requirements; or (3) would result in the Determination Agent, the Issuer 
or the Calculation Agent being considered to be administering a benchmark, index or other price 
source whose production, publication, methodology or governance would subject the 
Determination Agent, the Issuer or the Calculation Agent to material additional regulatory 
obligations which it is unwilling to undertake, then the Determination Agent shall not select such 
index, benchmark or price source as the Alternative Rate). 
If the Determination Agent is unable to identify an Alternative Rate and determine the necessary 
adjustments to the terms of the Notes, then the Issuer may, in its reasonable discretion, determine 
that the Notes shall be redeemed as of any later date. If the Issuer so determines that the Notes 
shall be redeemed, then the Issuer shall give not less than five Business Days' notice to the 
Noteholders to redeem the Notes and upon redemption the Issuer will pay in respect of each Note 
an amount equal to either: 
(A) 
If "Early Redemption Amount (Benchmark Trigger Event) - Fair Market Value Less 
Costs" is specified in the Issue Terms, the fair market value of such Note, on such date 
as is selected by the Determination Agent in its reasonable discretion (provided that such 
day is not more than 15 days before the date fixed for redemption of the Note), less the 
proportion attributable to that Notes of the reasonable cost to the Issuer and/ or any 
Affiliate of, or the loss realised by the Issuer and/or any Affiliate on, unwinding any 
related hedging arrangements, all as calculated by the Determination Agent in its 
reasonable discretion; or 
(B) 
If "Early Redemption Amount (Benchmark Trigger Event) - Fair Market Value" is 
specified in the Issue Terms, the fair market value of such Note, on such day as is selected 
by the Determination Agent in its reasonable discretion (provided that such day is not 
more than 15 days before the date fixed for redemption of the Note), as calculated by the 
Determination Agent in its reasonable discretion. 
The Issuer's obligations under the Notes shall be satisfied in full upon payment of such amount. 
In the case where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Issue Terms as the manner in 
which the Floating Interest Rate is to be determined, and the application of any ISDA Bespoke 
Fallbacks specified in the relevant Floating Rate Option results in a replacement of, modification 
to, or change in the method of calculating, the Floating Rate (or the index, benchmark or other 
price source that is referred to in the Floating Rate Option), the Determination Agent may, after 
consultation with the Issuer, determine any adjustments to the Floating Rate and the Margin 
(including any adjustment spread) as well as the applicable Business Day Convention, Interest 
Determination Dates (or any other rate fixing dates) and related provisions and definitions of the 
Notes, in each case that are consistent with accepted market practice for the use of such 
replacement or modified Floating Rate for debt obligations such as the Notes. The Issuer will 
provide a notice, in accordance with Condition 22 (Notices), to Noteholders to inform them of any 
adjustment determinations which will apply to the Notes. The notice shall also confirm the 
effective date of any adjustments. 
7.18 
Effect of Benchmark Transition Event 
This Condition 7.18 (Effect of Benchmark Transition Event) applies where the Relevant Rates 
Benchmark is U.S. dollar LIBOR or where otherwise expressed to apply. 
(i) 
Benchmark Replacement. If the Issuer or its designee determines that a Benchmark Transition 
Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred prior to the Reference Time in 
respect of any determination of the Benchmark on any date, the Benchmark Replacement will 
replace the then-current Benchmark for all purposes relating to the Notes in respect of such 
determination on such date and all determinations on all subsequent dates.

--- Page 98 ---
10223680081-v22 
- 90 - 
70-41030080 
 
(ii) 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes. In connection with the implementation of a 
Benchmark Replacement, the Issuer or its designee will have the right to make Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time. 
(iii) 
Decisions and Determinations. Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the 
Issuer or its designee pursuant to this Condition 7.18 (Effect of Benchmark Transition Event), 
including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-
occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any 
action or any selection, will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error, will be made in the 
Issuer’s or its designee’s sole discretion, and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the 
documentation relating to the Notes, shall become effective without consent from the holders of 
the Notes or any other party. 
7.19 
General Fallback Arrangements  
Notwithstanding the terms set forth elsewhere in these Conditions, and unless the applicable Issue 
Terms specifies that the provisions of Condition 7.17 (Relevant Rates Benchmark Discontinuance 
or Prohibition on Use) apply or unless Condition 7.18 (Effect of Benchmark Transition Event) 
applies, (a) if the Relevant Rates Benchmark is a LIBOR, EURIBOR, SONIA,  €STR, SARON  or 
TONA, and such Relevant Rates Benchmark has been permanently discontinued or (b) where the 
Relevant Rates Benchmark is a LIBOR (other than U.S. dollar LIBOR which is addressed in 
Condition 7.18 (Effect of Benchmark Transition Event), upon the occurrence of a public statement 
or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of the Relevant 
Rates Benchmark announcing that the Relevant Rates Benchmark is no longer representative, the 
Determination Agent will use, as a substitute for such Relevant Rates Benchmark, and for each 
future Interest Determination Date, the alternative reference rate selected by the central bank, 
reserve bank, monetary authority or any similar institution (including any committee or working 
group thereof) in the jurisdiction of the applicable index currency that is consistent with accepted 
market practice (the "Alternative Rate"). The Determination Agent will, after consultation with 
the Issuer, make such adjustments to the Alternative Rate or the Margin, as well as the applicable 
Business Day Convention, Interest Determination Dates and related provisions and definitions of 
the Notes, in each case that are consistent with accepted market practice for the use of such 
Alternative Rate for debt obligations such as the Notes. However, in the case of EURIBOR only, 
if the Determination Agent determines, after consultation with the Issuer, that no such Alternative 
Rate exists on the relevant date, it shall make a determination, after consultation with the Issuer, 
of an alternative rate as a substitute for EURIBOR, for debt obligations such as the Notes, as well 
as the Margin, the Business Day Convention and the Interest Determination Dates in respect of the 
Notes, that is consistent with accepted market practice. 
In the case where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Issue Terms as the manner in 
which the Floating Interest Rate is to be determined, and the application of any ISDA Bespoke 
Fallbacks specified in the relevant Floating Rate Option results in a replacement of, modification 
to, or change in the method of calculating, the Floating Rate (or the index, benchmark or other 
price source that is referred to in the Floating Rate Option), the Determination Agent may, after 
consultation with the Issuer, determine any adjustments to the Floating Rate and the Margin, 
(including any adjustment spread) as well as the applicable Business Day Convention, Interest 
Determination Dates (or any other rate fixing dates) and related provisions and definitions of the 
Notes, in each case that are consistent with accepted market practice for the use of such 
replacement or modified Floating Rate for debt obligations such as the Notes. The Issuer will 
provide a notice, in accordance with Condition 22(Notices), to Noteholders to inform them of any 
adjustment determinations which will apply to the Notes. The notice shall also confirm the 
effective date of any adjustments. 
8. 
ZERO COUPON NOTE PROVISIONS 
8.1 
Application:  This Condition 8 is applicable to the Notes only if the Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
are specified in the applicable Issue Terms as being applicable.

--- Page 99 ---
10223680081-v22 
- 91 - 
70-41030080 
 
8.2 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes:  If the Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero 
Coupon Note is improperly withheld or refused, the Redemption Amount shall thereafter be an 
amount equal to the sum of: 
8.2.1 
the Reference Price; and 
8.2.2 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the Reference 
Price from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) whichever is the earlier of (i) 
the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are received by or on 
behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is seven days after the Principal 
Paying Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect of 
the Notes up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default 
in payment). 
9. 
DUAL CURRENCY NOTE PROVISIONS 
9.1 
Application:  This Condition 9 is applicable to the Notes only if the Dual Currency Note Provisions 
are specified in the applicable Issue Terms as being applicable. 
9.2 
Rate of Interest:  If the rate or amount of interest fails to be determined by reference to an exchange 
rate, the rate or amount of interest payable shall be determined in the manner specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
10. 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
10.1 
Scheduled Redemption.  Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled, and unless 
otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the Notes will be redeemed at their Final 
Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date, subject as provided in Conditions 11 (Payments — 
Bearer Notes) and 12 (Payments — Registered Notes). 
10.2 
Tax Redemption.  The Notes may be redeemed in whole (but not in part), at the option of the Issuer 
at any time prior to maturity, upon the giving of a notice of redemption as described below, if the 
Issuer determines, in its sole discretion, that, it is or will become required by law or agreement with 
a taxing authority to make any withholding or deduction with respect to the Notes, as described in 
Condition 13 (Taxation), including (but not limited to) any withholding tax imposed under Sections 
1471 through 1474 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code, as amended, and any applicable U.S. 
Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder or published administrative guidance implementing 
such sections (including withholding resulting from any inter-governmental agreement in 
connection with such sections, regulations and/or guidance). 
The Notes will be redeemed at the Early Redemption Amount.  The Issuer will give notice of any 
tax redemption in accordance with Condition 22 (Notices). 
10.3 
Prior to the Issuer giving notice of redemption under Condition 10.2 (Tax Redemption), it will 
deliver to the Principal Paying Agent and the Trustee: 
10.3.1 a certificate stating that it is entitled to effect the redemption and setting forth a statement 
of facts showing that the conditions precedent to its right to so redeem have occurred (the 
date on which that certificate is delivered to the Principal Paying Agent is the 
"Redemption Determination Date"); and 
10.3.2 an opinion of independent legal counsel of recognised standing to that effect based on the 
statement of facts. 
Notice of redemption will be given not less than 30 nor more than 60 days prior to the date fixed 
for redemption.  The date and the applicable Early Termination Amount will be specified in the 
notice. 
In relation to any Notes if any date fixed for redemption is a date prior to the date (the "Exchange 
Date") that is 40 days after the date on which the Issuer receives the proceeds of the sale of a Note, 
definitive bearer notes will be issuable on and after that redemption date as if that redemption date 
had been the Exchange Date.  Bearer Notes in definitive form will be redeemed as described above.

--- Page 100 ---
10223680081-v22 
- 92 - 
70-41030080 
 
10.4 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer.  If the Call Option is specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
as being applicable, the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole or, if so 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, in part on any Optional Redemption Date (Call) at the 
relevant Optional Redemption Amount (Call) on the Issuer's giving not less than 30 nor more than 
60 days' notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall oblige the Issuer to 
redeem the Notes specified in such notice on the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Call) at the 
Optional Redemption Amount (Call) plus accrued interest (if any) to such date). 
10.5 
Partial Redemption.  If the Notes are to be redeemed in part only on any date in accordance with 
Condition 10.4 (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer), the Notes to be redeemed shall be selected 
by the drawing of lots in such place as the Principal Paying Agent approves and in such manner as 
the Principal Paying Agent considers appropriate, subject to compliance with applicable law and 
the rules of each listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system by which the Notes have 
then been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation, and the notice to Noteholders referred to in 
Condition 10.4 (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer) shall specify the serial numbers of the 
Notes so to be redeemed; and 
10.6 
Redemption at the Option of Noteholders.  If the Put Option is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms as being applicable, the Issuer shall, at the option of the holder of any Note redeem such 
Note on the Optional Redemption Date (Put) specified in the relevant Put Option Notice at the 
relevant Optional Redemption Amount (Put), together with interest (if any) accrued to such date. 
In order to exercise the option contained in this Condition 10.6 the holder of a Note must, not less 
than 30 nor more than 60 days before the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), deposit such 
Note (together with all unmatured Coupons relating thereto) with, in the case of a Bearer Note, any 
Paying Agent or, in the case of a Registered Note, the Registrar, and a duly completed Put Option 
Notice in the form obtainable from any Paying Agent.  The Paying Agent with which a Note is so 
deposited shall deliver a duly completed Put Option Receipt to the depositing Noteholder.  No 
Note, once deposited with a duly completed Put Option Notice in accordance with this Condition 
10.6, may be withdrawn; provided, however, that if, prior to the relevant Optional Redemption 
Date (Put), any such Note becomes immediately due and payable or, upon due presentation of any 
such Note on the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), payment of the redemption moneys is 
improperly withheld or refused, the relevant Paying Agent shall mail notification thereof to the 
depositing Noteholder at such address as may have been given by such Noteholder in the relevant 
Put Option Notice and shall hold such Note at its Specified Office for collection by the depositing 
Noteholder against surrender of the relevant Put Option Receipt.  For so long as any outstanding 
Note is held by a Paying Agent in accordance with this Condition 10.6, the depositor of such Note 
and not such Paying Agent shall be deemed to be the holder of such Note for all purposes. 
10.7 
Early Redemption in the event of the insolvency of the Custodian:  The Notes may be redeemed in 
whole (but not in part), at the option of the Issuer at any time prior to maturity, upon the giving of 
a notice of redemption as described below, if the Issuer determines, in its sole discretion, that (i) 
the Custodian becomes insolvent or is unable to pay its debts as they fall due, (ii) an administrator 
or liquidator of the Custodian or the whole or a substantial part of the undertaking, assets and 
revenues of the Custodian is appointed (otherwise than for the purposes of or pursuant to an 
amalgamation, reorganisation or restructuring whilst solvent), (iii) the Custodian takes any action 
for a composition with or for the benefit of its creditors generally, or (iv) an order is made or an 
effective resolution is passed for the winding up, liquidation or dissolution of the Custodian 
(otherwise than for the purposes of or pursuant to an amalgamation, reorganisation or restructuring 
whilst solvent).  The Issuer shall give at least 30 days' notice (but not more than 60 days' notice) to 
the Noteholders of any redemption under this Condition 10.7 in accordance with Condition 22 
(Notices), specifying the date on which the Notes shall be redeemed (such date, the "Early 
Redemption (Custodian Insolvency) Date").  The Notes will be redeemed at the relevant Early 
Redemption Amount on the Early Redemption (Custodian Insolvency) Date. 
10.8 
Early Redemption of Zero Coupon Notes:  Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
the Redemption Amount payable on redemption of a Zero Coupon Note at any time before the 
Maturity Date shall be an amount equal to the sum of: 
10.8.1 
the Reference Price; and

--- Page 101 ---
10223680081-v22 
- 93 - 
70-41030080 
 
10.8.2 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the Reference 
Price from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption 
or (as the case may be) the date upon which the Note becomes due and payable. 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period which is not a whole number of years, the 
calculation in respect of the period of less than a full year shall be made on the basis of such Day 
Count Fraction as may be specified in the applicable Issue Terms for the purposes of this Condition 
10.8 or, if none is so specified, a Day Count Fraction of 30E/360. 
10.9 
Purchase:  The Issuer, Morgan Stanley or any of their Subsidiaries may at any time purchase Notes 
in the open market or otherwise and at any price. 
10.10 
Cancellation:  All Notes so redeemed shall, and all Notes so purchased by Morgan Stanley, the 
Issuer or any of their respective Subsidiaries may, at the discretion of the relevant purchaser, be 
cancelled (together with all unmatured Coupons attached to or surrendered with them).  All Notes 
so redeemed, and all Notes so purchased and cancelled, may not be reissued or resold. 
11. 
PAYMENTS - BEARER NOTES 
This Condition 11 is only applicable to Bearer Notes. 
11.1 
Principal:  Payments of principal shall be made only against presentation and (provided that 
payment is made in full) surrender of Bearer Notes at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent 
outside the United States by cheque drawn in the currency in which the payment is due on, or by 
transfer to an account denominated in that currency (or, if that currency is euro, any other account 
to which euro may be credited or transferred) and maintained by the payee with, a bank in the 
Principal Financial Centre of that currency. Such payment shall be effective to satisfy and 
discharge the corresponding liabilities of the Issuer in respect of the Bearer Notes. On each 
occasion on which a payment of principal or interest is made in respect of a Global Note, the Issuer 
shall procure that the same is noted in a schedule thereto.  No Issuer or any Paying Agent shall 
under any circumstances be liable for any acts or defaults of the Relevant Clearing System in the 
performance of the Relevant Clearing System's duties in relation to the Notes.  Notwithstanding 
the foregoing, payment on any Bearer Note will not be made (1) by cheque mailed to any address 
in the United States; or (2) by wire transfer to an account maintained with a bank located in the 
United States. 
11.2 
Interest:  Payments of interest shall, subject to Condition 11.8 (Payments other than in Respect of 
Matured Coupons) below, be made only against presentation and (provided that payment is made 
in full) surrender of the appropriate Coupons at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent outside 
the United States in the manner described in Condition 10.1 (Scheduled Redemption) above. 
11.3 
Payments in New York City:  Payments of principal or interest may be made at the Specified Office 
of a Paying Agent in New York City if (i) the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents outside the 
United States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents will be able to make 
payment of the full amount of the interest on the Bearer Notes in the currency in which the payment 
is due when due, (ii) payment of the full amount of such interest at the offices of all such Paying 
Agents is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions and (iii) 
payment is permitted by applicable United States law without adverse United States federal tax 
consequences or other adverse consequences to the Issuer. 
11.4 
Payments Subject to Fiscal Laws:  All payments in respect of the Bearer Notes are subject in all 
cases to any applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations in the place of payment and to the rules 
and procedures of the Relevant Clearing System, but without prejudice to the provisions of 
Condition 13 (Taxation).  No commissions or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders or 
Couponholders in respect of such payments. 
11.5 
Deductions for Unmatured Coupons:  If the applicable Issue Terms specify that the Fixed Rate 
Note Provisions are applicable and a Bearer Note in definitive form is presented without all 
unmatured Coupons relating thereto: 
11.5.1 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is less than or equal to the amount of 
principal due for payment, a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons

--- Page 102 ---
10223680081-v22 
- 94 - 
70-41030080 
 
will be deducted from the amount of principal due for payment, provided, however, that 
if the gross amount available for payment is less than the amount of principal due for 
payment, the sum deducted will be that proportion of the aggregate amount of such 
missing Coupons which the gross amount actually available for payment bears to the 
amount of principal due for payment; 
11.5.2 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is greater than the amount of principal 
due for payment: 
(a) 
so many of such missing Coupons shall become void (in inverse order of 
maturity) as will result in the aggregate amount of the remainder of such missing 
Coupons (the "Relevant Coupons") being equal to the amount of principal due 
for payment, provided, however, that where this sub-paragraph would otherwise 
require a fraction of a missing Coupon to become void, such missing Coupon 
shall become void in its entirety; and 
(b) 
a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the Relevant Coupons (or, if less, the 
amount of principal due for payment) will be deducted from the amount of 
principal due for payment, provided, however, that, if the gross amount 
available for payment is less than the amount of principal due for payment, the 
sum deducted will be that proportion of the aggregate amount of the Relevant 
Coupons (or, as the case may be, the amount of principal due for payment) which 
the gross amount actually available for payment bears to the amount of principal 
due for payment. 
Each sum of principal so deducted shall be paid in the manner provided in sub-paragraph 
(a) above against presentation and (provided that payment is made in full) surrender of 
the relevant missing Coupons. 
11.6 
Unmatured Coupons Void:  If the applicable Issue Terms specify that this Condition 11.6 is 
applicable or that the Floating Rate Note Provisions are applicable, on the due date for final 
redemption of any Note in definitive form or early redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 
10.2 (Tax Redemption), Condition 10.6 (Redemption at the Option of Noteholders), Condition 10.4 
(Redemption at the Option of the Issuer) or Condition 14 (Events of Default), all unmatured 
Coupons relating thereto (whether or not still attached) shall become void and no payment will be 
made in respect thereof. 
11.7 
Payments on Payment Business Days:  If the due date for payment of any amount in respect of any 
Bearer Note or Coupon is not a Payment Business Day in the place of presentation, the holder shall 
not be entitled to payment in such place of the amount due until the next succeeding Payment 
Business Day in such place and shall not be entitled to any further interest or other payment in 
respect of any such delay. 
11.8 
Payments other than in Respect of Matured Coupons:  Payments of interest other than in respect 
of matured Coupons shall be made only against presentation of the relevant Bearer Notes at the 
Specified Office of any Paying Agent outside the United States (or in New York City if permitted 
by Condition 11.3 (Payments in New York City) above). 
11.9 
Partial Payments:  If a Paying Agent makes a partial payment in respect of any Bearer Note or 
Coupon presented to it for payment, such Paying Agent will endorse thereon a statement indicating 
the amount and date of such payment. 
11.10 
Exchange of Talons:  On or after the maturity date of the final Coupon which is (or was at the time 
of issue) part of a Coupon Sheet relating to the Bearer Notes in definitive form, the Talon forming 
part of such Coupon Sheet may be exchanged at the Specified Office of the Principal Paying Agent 
during regular business hours for a further Coupon Sheet (including, if appropriate, a further Talon 
but excluding any Coupons in respect of which claims have already become void pursuant to 
Condition 16 (Prescription)).  Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Note, any 
unexchanged Talon relating to such Note shall become void and no Coupon will be delivered in 
respect of such Talon.

--- Page 103 ---
10223680081-v22 
- 95 - 
70-41030080 
 
11.11 
Unavailability of Currency.  If the Specified Currency is not available to the Issuer for making 
payments of principal of, and premium, interest and/or additional amounts, if any, on any Note 
(whether due to the imposition of exchange controls or other circumstances beyond the control of 
the Issuer, or if the Specified Currency is no longer used by the government of the country issuing 
that currency or by public institutions within the international banking community for the 
settlement of transactions), the Issuer may satisfy its obligations to Noteholders by making 
payments on the date of payment in U.S. dollars on the basis of the prevailing exchange rate on the 
date of the payment or of the most recent practicable date, such rate being based on the highest bid 
quotation in The City of New York received by the Exchange Rate Agent at approximately 11:00 
a.m., New York City time, on the second Business Day preceding the applicable payment date 
from three recognised foreign exchange dealers for the purchase by the quoting dealer: 
(i) 
of the Specified Currency for U.S. dollars for settlement on the payment date; 
(ii) 
in the aggregate amount of the Specified Currency payable to those holders or beneficial 
owners of Notes; and 
(iii) 
at which the applicable dealer commits to execute a contract. 
If those bid quotations are not available, the Exchange Rate Agent will determine the Market 
Exchange Rate at its sole discretion.  All determinations by the Exchange Rate Agent will, in the 
absence of manifest error, be conclusive for all purposes and binding on the Issuer and the 
Noteholders.  The Exchange Rate Agent will be Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc, unless 
otherwise noted in the applicable Issue Terms.  If the Exchange Rate Agent is not an affiliate of 
Morgan Stanley, it may be one of the dealers providing quotations. 
Any payment made in U.S. dollars on the basis of the prevailing exchange rate where the required 
payment is in an unavailable Specified Currency will not constitute an Event of Default. 
The foregoing provisions do not apply if a Specified Currency is unavailable because it has been 
replaced by the euro.  If the euro has been substituted for a Specified Currency, the Issuer may (or 
will, if required by applicable law) without the consent of the holders of the affected Notes, pay 
the principal of, premium, if any, or interest, if any, on any Note denominated in the Specified 
Currency in euro instead of the Specified Currency, in conformity with legally applicable measures 
taken pursuant to, or by virtue of, the Treaty.  Any payment made in U.S. dollars or in euro as 
described above where the required payment is in an unavailable Specified Currency will not 
constitute an Event of Default. 
12. 
PAYMENTS - REGISTERED NOTES 
This Condition 12 (Payments – Registered Notes) is only applicable to Registered Notes. 
12.1 
Principal:  Payments of principal shall be made by cheque drawn in the currency in which the 
payment is due drawn on, or, upon application by a holder of a Registered Note to the Specified 
Office of the Principal Paying Agent not later than the fifteenth (15th) day before the due date for 
any such payment, by transfer to an account denominated in that currency (or, if that currency is 
euro, any other account to which euro may be credited or transferred) and maintained by the payee 
with, a bank in the Principal Financial Centre of that currency (in the case of a sterling cheque, a 
town clearing branch of a bank in the City of London) and (in the case of redemption) upon 
surrender (or, in the case of part payment only, endorsement) of the relevant Note Certificates at 
the Specified Office of any Paying Agent. 
12.2 
Interest:  Payments of interest shall be made by cheque drawn in the currency in which the payment 
is due drawn on, or, upon application by a holder of a Registered Note to the Specified Office of 
the Principal Paying Agent not later than the fifteenth (15th) day before the due date for any such 
payment, by transfer to an account denominated in that currency (or, if that currency is euro, any 
other account to which euro may be credited or transferred) and maintained by the payee with, a 
bank in the Principal Financial Centre of that currency (in the case of a sterling cheque, a town 
clearing branch of a bank in the City of London) and (in the case of interest payable on redemption) 
upon surrender (or, in the case of part payment only, endorsement) of the relevant Note Certificates 
at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent.

--- Page 104 ---
10223680081-v22 
- 96 - 
70-41030080 
 
12.3 
Payments Subject to Fiscal Laws:  All payments in respect of the Registered Notes are subject in 
all cases to any applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations in the place of payment, but without 
prejudice to the provisions of Condition 13 (Taxation).  No commissions or expenses shall be 
charged to the Noteholders in respect of such payments. 
12.4 
Payments on Payment Business Days:  Where payment is to be made by transfer to an account, 
payment instructions (for value the due date, or, if the due date is not a Payment Business Day, for 
value the next succeeding Payment Business Day) will be initiated and, where payment is to be 
made by cheque, the cheque will be mailed (i) (in the case of payments of principal and interest 
payable on redemption) on the later of the due date for payment and the day on which the relevant 
Note Certificate is surrendered (or, in the case of part payment only, endorsed) at the Specified 
Office of a Paying Agent and (ii) (in the case of payments of interest payable other than on 
redemption) on the due date for payment.  A holder of a Registered Note shall not be entitled to 
any interest or other payment in respect of any delay in payment resulting from (A) the due date 
for a payment not being a Payment Business Day or (B) a cheque mailed in accordance with this 
Condition 12 arriving after the due date for payment or being lost in the mail. 
12.5 
Partial payments:  If a Paying Agent makes a partial payment in respect of any Registered Note, 
the Issuer shall procure that the amount and date of such payment are noted on the Register and, in 
the case of partial payment upon presentation of a Note Certificate, that a statement indicating the 
amount and the date of such payment is endorsed on the relevant Note Certificate. 
12.6 
Record date:  Each payment in respect of a Registered Note will be made to the person shown as 
the holder in the Register at the opening of business in the place of the Registrar's Specified Office 
on the fifteenth (15th) day before the due date for such payment (the "Record Date").  Where 
payment in respect of a Registered Note is to be made by cheque, the cheque will be mailed to the 
address shown as the address of the holder in the Register at the opening of business on the relevant 
Record Date. 
13. 
TAXATION 
13.1 
All payments in respect of the Notes or Coupons will be made without withholding or deduction 
for, or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties or charges of whatsoever nature unless the 
Issuer, or any Paying Agent or, where applicable, the Trustee is required by applicable law, 
regulation, rule or agreement to make any payment in respect of the Notes or Coupons subject to 
any withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties or charges 
of whatsoever nature (including any withholding tax imposed under Sections 1471 through 1474 
of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code, as amended, and any applicable U.S. Treasury regulations 
promulgated thereunder or published administrative guidance or agreements implementing such 
sections (including withholding resulting from any inter-governmental agreement in connection 
with such sections, regulations and/or guidance)).  
In that event, the Issuer, any Paying Agent, or the Trustee (as the case may be) shall make such 
payment after such withholding or deduction has been made and shall account to the relevant taxing 
authorities or other governmental agencies for the amount so required to be withheld or deducted. 
Neither the Issuer, nor any Paying Agent, nor the Trustee will be obliged to make any additional 
payments to the Noteholders or the Couponholders in respect of such withholding or deduction, 
but Condition 10.2 (Tax Redemption) will apply.  The Issuer or any Paying Agent may require 
Holders to provide such certification and other documents as required by applicable law or 
reasonably requested pursuant to Condition 13.2 below in order to qualify for exemption, reduction 
or refund of any withholding taxes or other taxes imposed by any taxing authority or governmental 
agency. 
13.2 
The Issuer, the Trustee or any Agent acting on its behalf may require Noteholders to provide any 
certifications or other documents as required by law or reasonably requested pursuant to this 
Condition 13.2 in order to qualify for exemption, reduction or refund of any withholding taxes or 
other taxes imposed by any taxing authority or governmental agency.  Each Noteholder or any 
third party having an interest in the Notes or Coupons shall furnish (including by way of updates 
in such form and at a such time as is reasonably requested) any information, representations and 
forms as shall reasonably be requested to assist in obtaining any exemption, reduction or refund of 
any withholding or other taxes imposed by any taxing authority or other governmental agency upon

--- Page 105 ---
10223680081-v22 
- 97 - 
70-41030080 
 
the Issuer including any withholding tax imposed under Sections 1471 through 1474 of the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code, as amended, and any applicable U.S. Treasury regulations promulgated 
thereunder or published administrative guidance or agreement implementing such sections 
(including withholding resulting from any inter-governmental agreement in connection with such 
sections, regulations and/or guidance), amounts paid to the Issuer, or amounts distributable by the 
Issuer to Noteholders. 
13.3 
If "Implementation of Financial Transaction Tax Event" is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms to be applicable to any Series of Notes, then upon the occurrence of an Implementation of 
Financial Transaction Tax Event, the Issuer may (i) in its sole discretion, with immediate effect 
amend the Conditions of the Notes by adjusting downward any amount payable and/or any other 
value or term of the Conditions to account for the economic impact of the Implementation of 
Financial Transaction Tax on the Issuer and its affiliates in relation to the Notes, and (ii) to the 
extent that at any time thereafter the Issuer determines (acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner) that it (including its affiliates) has incurred additional loss as a result of the 
Implementation of Financial Transfer Tax Event that has not been accounted for through the 
adjustment made pursuant to sub-paragraph (i) (such amount, "Additional Increased Tax"), it 
may reduce the amount otherwise payable on the Notes on the next payment date (and any payment 
date thereafter) by an amount up to the Additional Increased Tax amount. Any such adjustments 
shall be notified to Noteholders as soon as reasonably practicable.  
14. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
14.1 
If any of the following events (each, an "Event of Default") occurs in respect of a Series of Notes 
and is continuing: 
14.1.1 
Non-payment:  the Issuer fails to pay any amount in respect of the Notes within thirty days 
of the due date for payment thereof; or 
14.1.2 
Insolvency, etc.:  (i) the Issuer becomes insolvent or is unable to pay its debts as they fall 
due, (ii) an administrator or liquidator of the Issuer or the whole or a substantial part of 
the undertaking, assets and revenues of the Issuer is appointed (otherwise than for the 
purposes of or pursuant to an amalgamation, reorganisation or restructuring whilst 
solvent), (iii) the Issuer takes any action for a composition with or for the benefit of its 
creditors generally, or (iv) an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the 
winding up, liquidation or dissolution of the Issuer (otherwise than for the purposes of or 
pursuant to an amalgamation, reorganisation or restructuring whilst solvent); or 
14.1.3 
Failure to deliver Eligible Collateral:  the Issuer fails to make, when due, any transfer of 
Eligible Collateral required to be made by it and such failure continues for three days after 
notice of such failure is given to it by the Trustee; or 
14.1.4 
Other specified events of default:  any other event specified as an Event of Default in the 
applicable Issue Terms, 
then the Trustee may or if directed by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders or if so 
requested, in writing, by Noteholders of not less than 50 per cent. in aggregate principal amount of 
the outstanding Notes shall (subject to the Trustee being indemnified and/or secured and/or 
prefunded to its satisfaction), by written notice (in accordance with Condition 14.3 (Enforcement) 
below), declare the Notes of such Series to be immediately due and payable, whereupon they shall 
become so due and payable at their Early Redemption Amount (or in accordance with any other 
provisions specified in the applicable Issue Terms) without further action or formality.  Notice of 
any such declaration shall promptly be given to the Noteholders. 
14.2 
Annulment of Acceleration and Waiver of Defaults.  If any Event of Default, other than the 
non-payment of the principal of the Notes of a Series that has become due as a result of an 
acceleration, have been cured, waived or otherwise remedied, then holders of such Series of Notes 
by Extraordinary Resolution or if so requested, in writing, by holders of not less than 50 per cent. 
of the aggregate principal amount outstanding of such Notes, may annul past declarations of 
acceleration of or waive past defaults of the Notes.  However, any continuing default in payment 
of principal of or any premium or interest on those Notes may not be waived.

--- Page 106 ---
10223680081-v22 
- 98 - 
70-41030080 
 
14.3 
Enforcement: 
(a) 
Following the occurrence of an Event of Default in respect of a Series of Notes and the 
Notes of such Series becoming immediately due and payable pursuant to Condition 14.1 
(but subject to Condition 14.2 (Annulment of Acceleration and Waiver of Defaults)), the 
Trustee at its discretion may, or if so directed by Extraordinary Resolution or if so 
requested by the holders of no less than 50 per cent. of the aggregate principal amount 
outstanding of a Series of Notes, shall (subject in each case to being indemnified and/or 
secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction) give notice (the "Enforcement Notice") to 
the Issuer (with a copy to the Principal Paying Agent, the Registrar, the Custodian, any 
Additional Custodian, any Additional Collateral Manager (as applicable)) that the Security 
in respect of the Notes of such Series shall become immediately enforceable. 
(b) 
Following the delivery of the Enforcement Notice, the Trustee may at any time, at its 
discretion and without notice, take such action under or in connection with any of the 
Security Documents against the Issuer or the Secured Assets as it may think fit but shall 
not be bound to take any such action unless it shall have been (i) directed by Extraordinary 
Resolution or requested in writing to do so by the holders of no less than 50 per cent. of 
the aggregate principal amount outstanding of the Notes and (ii) indemnified and/or 
secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction. 
(c) 
No Noteholder shall be entitled to enforce the Security or to institute proceedings directly 
against the Issuer to enforce the provisions of the Security Documents unless, the Trustee, 
having become bound to enforce the Security or to institute proceedings against the Issuer 
to enforce the provisions of the Security Documents, fails to do so within a reasonable 
period of time and such failure is continuing.  In such event to the extent permitted by the 
applicable law, any Noteholder may, on giving an indemnity, security and/or pre-funding 
satisfactory to the Trustee, in the name of the Trustee (but not otherwise) institute 
proceedings to the same extent and in the same jurisdiction as the Trustee would have been 
entitled to do in respect of the Notes and/or the Security Document. 
15. 
FORCE MAJEURE AND ILLEGALITY 
15.1 
The Issuer shall have the right to terminate the Notes if it shall have determined, in its sole and 
absolute discretion, that its performance thereunder shall have become or will be unlawful in whole 
or in part as a result of compliance in good faith by the Issuer with any applicable present or future 
law, rule, regulation, judgment, order or directive of any governmental, administrative, legislative 
or judicial authority or power ("applicable law"). 
15.2 
In such circumstances the Issuer will, however, if and to the extent permitted by applicable law, 
pay to each Noteholder in respect of each Note held by him an amount equal to the Final 
Redemption Amount that would have been payable on the Maturity Date (ignoring such illegality).  
In the case of any Notes in global form, payment will be made to the Relevant Clearing System in 
such manner as shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 22 (Notices). 
16. 
PRESCRIPTION 
Claims for principal in respect of Bearer Notes shall become void unless the relevant Bearer Notes 
are presented for payment within ten years of the appropriate Relevant Date.  Claims for interest 
in respect of Bearer Notes shall become void unless the relevant Coupons are presented for 
payment within five years of the appropriate Relevant Date. Claims for principal and interest on 
redemption in respect of Registered Notes shall become void unless the relevant Note Certificates 
are surrendered for payment within ten years of the appropriate Relevant Date. 
17. 
REPLACEMENT OF NOTES AND COUPONS 
If any Note, Note Certificate or Coupon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be 
replaced at the Specified Office of the Principal Paying Agent in the case of Bearer Notes, or the 
Registrar in the case of Registered Notes, during normal business hours (and, if the Notes are then 
admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any listing authority, stock exchange and/or 
quotation system which requires the appointment of a Paying Agent in any particular place, the

--- Page 107 ---
10223680081-v22 
- 99 - 
70-41030080 
 
Paying Agent having its Specified Office in the place required by such listing authority, stock 
exchange and/or quotation system), subject to all applicable laws and stock exchange requirements, 
upon payment by the claimant of the expenses incurred in connection with such replacement and 
on such terms as to evidence, security, indemnity and otherwise as the Issuer may reasonably 
require.  Mutilated or defaced Notes, Note Certificates or Coupons must be surrendered before 
replacements will be issued. 
18. 
AGENTS 
18.1 
In acting under the Agency Agreement, the Trust Deed, the Custody Agreement, the Collateral 
Administration and Reporting Agreement and the Collateral Service Agreement and in connection 
with the Notes and the Coupons, the Agents and the Collateral Agents (other than the Custodian, 
who acts as an agent of the Trustee and the Collateral Administrator, who acts as an agent of the 
Custodian, the Trustee and the Issuer) act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume any 
obligations towards or relationship of agency or trust for or with any of the Noteholders or 
Couponholders.  All calculation and determination functions required of or the relevant Agent or 
Collateral Agent (as the case may be) may be delegated to such persons as the relevant Agent or 
Collateral Agent (as the case may be) may decide and all notifications, opinions, determinations, 
certificates, calculations, quotations and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the 
purposes of the Notes by the Agents or the Collateral Agents or the Issuer shall (in the absence of 
manifest error or wilful misconduct) be binding on the Issuer and the Noteholders and (subject as 
aforesaid) no liability to the Noteholders (or any of them) shall attach to the Agents, the Collateral 
Agents or the Issuer in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by any of them of their powers, 
duties and discretions for such purposes. 
18.2 
The initial Agents and the initial Collateral Agents and their initial Specified Office are listed on 
the inside back cover of the Base Prospectus.  The initial Calculation Agent is MSI plc.  The Issuer 
reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of any Agent and to appoint a 
successor Principal Paying Agent, Registrar, Calculation Agent, Determination Agent, Custodian, 
Collateral Service Provider, Collateral Verification Agent and additional or successor paying 
agents, custodians, collateral manager or collateral verification agents; provided, however, that: 
18.2.1 
there shall at all times be a Principal Paying Agent, a Registrar and a Custodian appointed 
in respect of the Notes; 
18.2.2 
if a Calculation Agent or a Determination Agent is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
the Issuer shall at all times maintain a Calculation Agent or a Determination Agent (as 
applicable); 
18.2.3 
if and for so long as the Notes are admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any 
listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system which requires the appointment 
of a Paying Agent or a Transfer Agent (as the case may be) in any particular place, the 
Issuer shall maintain a Paying Agent or a Transfer Agent (as the case may be) having its 
Specified Office in the place required by such listing authority, stock exchange and/or 
quotation system; and 
18.2.4 
notice of any change in any of the Paying Agents or in their Specified Offices shall 
promptly be given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 22 (Notices). 
19. 
MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS AND MODIFICATION 
19.1 
Meetings of Noteholders:  The Trust Deed contains provisions for convening meetings of 
Noteholders to consider matters relating to the Notes, including the modification of any provision 
of these Conditions.  Any such modification may be made if sanctioned by an Extraordinary 
Resolution.  Such a meeting may be convened by the Issuer or the Trustee and shall be convened 
by it upon the request in writing of Noteholders holding not less than one-tenth of the aggregate 
principal amount of the outstanding Notes.  The quorum at any meeting convened to vote on an 
Extraordinary Resolution will be two or more Persons holding or representing half of the aggregate 
principal amount of the outstanding Notes or, at any adjourned meeting, two or more Persons 
holding or representing Noteholders whatever the principal amount of the Notes held or 
represented, provided, however, that Reserved Matters may only be sanctioned by an

--- Page 108 ---
10223680081-v22 
- 100 - 
70-41030080 
 
Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders at which two or more Persons holding 
or representing not less than 62.5 per cent. or, at any adjourned meeting, one quarter of the 
aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes form a quorum.  Any Extraordinary 
Resolution duly passed at any such meeting shall be binding on all the Noteholders and 
Couponholders, whether present or not. 
For voting on any matters other than voting on an Extraordinary Resolution, the quorum will be 
two or more Persons holding or representing Noteholders holding one tenth of the aggregate 
principal amount of the outstanding Notes or, at any adjourned meeting, two or more Persons 
holding or representing Noteholders whatever the principal amount of the Notes held or 
represented. 
In addition, a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of Noteholders holding sixty two and a 
half per cent. (62.5) of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes who for the time 
being are entitled to receive notice of a meeting of Noteholders will take effect as if it were an 
Extraordinary Resolution.  Such a resolution in writing may be contained in one document or 
several documents in the same form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more Noteholders. 
19.2 
Modification: 
The Trustee may, at any time, without the consent of the Secured Creditors of any Series concur 
with the Issuer in making any modification: 
(a) 
(other than the definition of "Reserved Matter") to the Conditions or any of the Issue 
Documents which in the opinion of the Trustee it is proper to make, provided that the 
Trustee is of the opinion that such modification will not be materially prejudicial to the 
interests of the Secured Creditors of such Series (in relation to which it is Trustee); or 
(b) 
to the Conditions or any Issue Documents if in the opinion of the Trustee such 
modification is of a formal, minor or technical nature or to correct a manifest error. 
Any such modification may be made on such terms and subject to such conditions as may seem fit 
and proper to the Trustee, shall be binding upon the Holders of such Series and any other Secured 
Creditor relating to such Series and, unless the Trustee agrees otherwise, shall be notified by the 
Issuer to the relevant Holders in accordance with Condition 22 (Notices) and the other Secured 
Creditors as soon as practicable thereafter. 
19.3 
Interests of Noteholders and Couponholders: In connection with the Conditions, the Trustee shall 
have regard to the interests of the Noteholders and the Couponholders as a class.  In particular, but 
without limitation, the Trustee shall not have regard to the consequences for individual Noteholders 
or Couponholders resulting from such individual Noteholders or Couponholders being for any 
purpose domiciled or resident in, or otherwise connected with, or subject to the jurisdiction of, any 
particular territory. 
19.4 
Modifications binding on Noteholders and Couponholders:  Any modifications made to the Notes, 
the Conditions, the Trust Deed and the Security Documents, pursuant to the Trust Deed, shall be 
binding upon the Noteholders and shall be notified by the Issuer to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 22 (Notices) as soon as practicable thereafter. 
19.5 
Severance: Should any of the provisions contained in these Conditions be or become invalid, the 
validity of the remaining provisions shall not be affected in any way. 
20. 
THE TRUSTEE – INDEMNIFICATION, POTENTIAL CONFLICTS OF INTEREST AND 
RETIREMENT AND REMOVAL 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for the indemnification of the Trustee and for its relief from 
responsibility, including provisions relieving it from taking action unless indemnified, secured 
and/or prefunded to its satisfaction. 
The Trust Deed also contains provisions pursuant to which the Trustee is entitled, inter alia, (a) to 
enter into business transactions with the Issuer and/or any of its subsidiaries and/or any other 
persons and to act as trustee for the holders of any other securities issued by, or relating to, the

--- Page 109 ---
10223680081-v22 
- 101 - 
70-41030080 
 
Issuer and/or any of its subsidiaries and/or any other persons, (b) to exercise and enforce its rights, 
comply with its obligations and perform its duties under or in relation to any such transactions or, 
as the case may be, any such trusteeship without regard to the interests of, or consequences for, the 
Noteholders or Couponholders and (c) to retain and not be liable to account for any profit made or 
any other amount or benefit received thereby or in connection therewith. 
The Trust Deed contains provisions allowing the Trustee to retire at any time on giving not less 
than 90 days' prior written notice to the Issuer without giving any reason and without being 
responsible for any Expenses (as defined in the Trust Deed) incurred by such retirement.  The 
Noteholders may by Extraordinary Resolution remove any trustee or trustees of the Notes.  The 
Trust Deed provides that the retirement or removal of any such Trustee shall not become effective 
until a successor trustee (being a trust corporation) is appointed. The Trust Deed provides that, in 
the event of the Security Trustee giving notice of retirement or being removed by Extraordinary 
Resolution under the Trust Deed, the Issuer shall use all reasonable endeavours to procure that a 
new trustee is appointed as soon as reasonably practicable.  If no appointment has become effective 
within 90 days of such notice or Extraordinary Resolution, the Trust Deed provides that the Trustee 
shall be entitled to appoint a trust corporation as the new trustee. No appointment of a Trustee shall 
take effect unless previously approved by an Extraordinary Resolution. Notice of any such change 
shall be given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 22 (Notices) as soon as practicable 
thereafter. 
The Trust Deed also contains provisions protecting the Trustee from responsibility or liability for 
selecting any Eligible Collateral posted to the Custody Account and for monitoring the compliance 
of the Issuer with provisions in the Trust Deed relating to Eligible Collateral and the Posted 
Collateral. The Trust Deed provides that the Trustee shall have no responsibility or liability arising 
from the fact that any Posted Collateral is registered in its name or held by it or in an account with 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any similar clearing system in accordance with that 
system's rules or is otherwise held in safe custody by any bank or custodian selected by the Issuer 
with the consent of the Trustee nor shall the Trustee have responsibility for insuring and/or 
monitoring the adequacy or otherwise of any insurance arrangements in respect of the Posted 
Collateral. 
21. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, 
create and issue further notes having the same terms and conditions as the Notes in all respects (or 
in all respects except for the first payment of interest) so as to form a single series with the Notes. 
22. 
NOTICES 
22.1 
Bearer Notes: Notices to holders of Bearer Notes shall be valid if published in a leading English 
language daily newspaper published in Dublin or, if such publication is not practicable, in a leading 
English language daily newspaper having general circulation in Europe.  Any such notice shall be 
deemed to have been given on the date of first publication (or if required to be published in more 
than one newspaper, on the first date on which publication shall have been made in all the required 
newspapers) or the first date on which such notice would in the ordinary course be delivered.  
Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice given 
to the holders of Bearer Notes. 
22.2 
Registered Notes: Notices to holders of Registered Notes shall be sent to them by first class mail 
(or its equivalent) or (if posted to an overseas address) by airmail at their respective addresses on 
the Register.  Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the fourth day after the date 
of mailing. 
22.3 
Listed Notes: Notices to Noteholders of Notes admitted to listing on the Official List of Euronext 
Dublin and, for so long as it is a requirement of applicable law or regulations, such notices shall 
also be filed with the Companies Announcement Office of Euronext Dublin. The Issuer shall 
ensure that all notices are duly published in a manner with complies with the rules, regulations and 
guidelines of any listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system on which the Notes are 
listed.

--- Page 110 ---
10223680081-v22 
- 102 - 
70-41030080 
 
22.4 
Unlisted Notes:  Notices to Noteholders of non-listed Notes may be published, as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, in newspapers, on a website or otherwise. 
23. 
LOSSES 
In no event shall the Issuer, the Trustee, the Agents or the Collateral Agents have any liability for 
indirect, incidental, consequential or other damages (whether or not it may have been advised of 
the possibility of such damages) other than interest until the date of payment on sums not paid 
when due in respect of any Notes or assets not delivered when due.  Noteholders are entitled to 
damages only and are not entitled to the remedy of specific performance in respect of any Note. 
24. 
CURRENCY INDEMNITY 
24.1 
If any sum due from the Issuer in respect of the Notes or the Coupons or any order or judgment 
given or made in relation thereto has to be converted from the currency (the "first currency") in 
which the same is payable under these Conditions or such order or judgment into another currency 
(the "second currency") for the purpose of (a) making or filing a claim or proof against the Issuer, 
(b) obtaining an order or judgment in any court or other tribunal or (c) enforcing any order or 
judgment given or made in relation to the Notes, the Issuer shall indemnify each Noteholder, on 
the written demand of such Noteholder addressed to the Issuer and delivered to the Issuer or to the 
Specified Office of the Principal Paying Agent, against any loss suffered as a result of any 
discrepancy between (i) the rate of exchange used for such purpose to convert the sum in question 
from the first currency into the second currency and (ii) the rate or rates of exchange at which such 
Noteholder may in the ordinary course of business purchase the first currency with the second 
currency upon receipt of a sum paid to it in satisfaction, in whole or in part, of any such order, 
judgment, claim or proof. 
24.2 
This indemnity constitutes a separate and independent obligation of the Issuer and shall give rise 
to a separate and independent cause of action. 
25. 
ROUNDING 
For the purposes of any calculations referred to in these Conditions (unless otherwise specified in 
these Conditions or the applicable Issue Terms), (a) all percentages resulting from such calculations 
will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with 
0.000005 per cent. rounded up to 0.00001 per cent.), (b) all U.S. dollar amounts used in or resulting 
from such calculations will be rounded to the nearest cent (with one-half cent rounded upward), 
(c) all Japanese Yen amounts used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded downward 
to the next lower whole Japanese Yen amount and (d) all amounts denominated in any other 
currency used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded to the nearest two decimal 
places in such currency (with 0.005 rounded up to 0.01). 
26. 
REDENOMINATION, RENOMINALISATION AND RECONVENTIONING 
26.1 
Application:  This Condition 26 is applicable to the Notes only if it is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms as being applicable. 
26.2 
Notice of redenomination:   If the country of the Specified Currency becomes or, announces its 
intention to become, a Participating Member State, the Issuer may, without the consent of the 
Noteholders and Couponholders, on giving at least 30 days' prior notice to the Noteholders and the 
Paying Agents, designate a date (the "Redenomination Date"), being an Interest Payment Date 
under the Notes falling on or after the date on which such country becomes a Participating Member 
State. 
26.3 
Redenomination:   Notwithstanding the other provisions of these Conditions, with effect from the 
Redenomination Date: 
26.3.1 
the Notes shall be deemed to be redenominated into euro in the denomination of euro 0.01 
with a principal amount for each Note equal to the principal amount of that Note in the 
Specified Currency, converted into euro at the rate for conversion of such currency into 
euro established by the Council of the European Union pursuant to the Treaty (including 
compliance with rules relating to rounding in accordance with European Community

--- Page 111 ---
10223680081-v22 
- 103 - 
70-41030080 
 
regulations); provided, however, that, if the Issuer determines, with the agreement of the 
Principal Paying Agent that the then market practice in respect of the redenomination into 
euro 0.01 of internationally offered securities is different from that specified above, such 
provisions shall be deemed to be amended so as to comply with such market practice and 
the Issuer shall promptly notify the Noteholders and Couponholders, each listing 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by which the Notes have been 
admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation and the Paying Agents of such deemed 
amendments; 
26.3.2 
if Notes have been issued in definitive form: 
(a) 
all unmatured Coupons denominated in the Specified Currency (whether or not 
attached to the Notes) will become void with effect from the date (the "Euro 
Exchange Date") on which the Issuer gives notice (the "Euro Exchange 
Notice") to the Noteholders that replacement Notes and Coupons denominated in 
euro are available for exchange (provided that such Notes and Coupons are 
available) and no payments will be made in respect thereof; 
(b) 
the payment obligations contained in all Notes denominated in the Specified 
Currency will become void on the Euro Exchange Date but all other obligations 
of the Issuer thereunder (including the obligation to exchange such Notes in 
accordance with this Condition 26) shall remain in full force and effect; 
(c) 
new Notes and Coupons denominated in euro will be issued in exchange for Notes 
and Coupons denominated in the Specified Currency in such manner as the 
Principal Paying Agent may specify and as shall be notified to the Noteholders in 
the Euro Exchange Notice; and 
(d) 
all payments in respect of the Notes (other than, unless the Redenomination Date 
is on or after such date as the Specified Currency ceases to be a sub-division of 
the euro, payments of interest in respect of periods commencing before the 
Redenomination Date) will be made solely in euro by cheque drawn on, or by 
credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account to which euro may be 
credited or transferred) maintained by the payee with, a bank in the principal 
financial centre of any Member State of the European Communities. 
26.4 
Interest:  Following redenomination of the Notes pursuant to this Condition 26, where Notes have 
been issued in definitive form, the amount of interest due in respect of such Notes will be calculated 
by reference to the aggregate principal amount of the Notes presented (or, as the case may be, in 
respect of which Coupons are presented) for payment by the relevant holder. 
26.5 
Interest Determination Date:  If the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms as being applicable and Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, with effect from the 
Redenomination Date the Interest Determination Date shall be deemed to be the second TARGET 
Settlement Day before the first day of the relevant Interest Period. 
27. 
SUBSTITUTION 
27.1 
Subject to the conditions in the Trust Deed relating to substitution of the Issuer but without the 
consent of the holders of Notes MSI plc may, subject to the Notes being unconditionally and 
irrevocably guaranteed by MSI plc, substitute any other company (incorporated in any jurisdiction) 
(which may or may not be a subsidiary of Morgan Stanley or of MSI plc) in place of MSI plc as 
principal debtor under the Notes. 
27.2 
Any Notes in respect of which such a substitution is effected will be fully and unconditionally 
guaranteed pursuant to a guarantee of MSI plc as to the payment of principal of, premium, interest 
and supplement amounts, if any, and any additional amounts payable in accordance with the 
Conditions, if any, on those Notes when and as the same will be due and payable, whether at 
maturity or otherwise.  Under the terms of the guarantee, holders of the Notes will not be required 
to exercise their remedies against the substitute issuer prior to proceeding directly against MSI plc.

--- Page 112 ---
10223680081-v22 
- 104 - 
70-41030080 
 
27.3 
In the event of such substitution, any reference in these Conditions to the Issuer shall be construed 
as a reference to the entity substituted in accordance with this Condition 27.  Such substitution 
shall be promptly notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 22 (Notices).  In 
connection with such right of substitution, the Issuer shall not be obliged to have regard to the 
consequences of the exercise of such right for individual Noteholders in particular, without 
limitation, any consequences resulting from their being for any purpose domiciled or resident in, 
or otherwise connected with, or subject to the jurisdiction of, any particular territory, and no 
Noteholder shall be entitled to claim from the Issuer any indemnification or payment in respect of 
any tax or other consequence of any such substitution upon such Noteholder. 
28. 
GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION 
28.1 
Governing Law:  The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection 
with them shall be governed by and construed in accordance with English law. 
28.2 
Jurisdiction:  The Issuer agrees for the benefit of the Noteholders that the courts of England shall 
have jurisdiction to hear and determine any suit, action or proceedings, and to settle any disputes, 
which may arise out of or in connection with the Notes (respectively, "Proceedings" and 
"Disputes") and, for such purposes, irrevocably submits to the jurisdiction of such courts. 
28.3 
Non-exclusivity:  The submission to the jurisdiction of the courts of England shall not (and shall 
not be construed so as to) limit the right of any Noteholder to take Proceedings in any other court 
of competent jurisdiction, nor shall the taking of Proceedings in any one or more jurisdictions 
preclude the taking of Proceedings in any other jurisdiction (whether concurrently or not) if and to 
the extent permitted by law. 
29. 
RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of the Notes under the Contracts 
(Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999.

--- Page 113 ---
10223680081-v22 
- 105 - 
70-41030080 
 
PRO FORMA ISSUE TERMS FOR THE NOTES 
Issue Terms dated [•] 
Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 4PQUHN3JPFGFNF3BB653 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the Up to U.S.$5,000,000,000 Secured Note Programme 
[These Issue Terms and the related Drawdown Prospectus has been prepared on the basis that any offer of 
Notes in any Member State of the European Economic Area (each a "Relevant State") pursuant to the 
Prospectus Regulation ((EU) 2017/1129) will be made pursuant to an exemption under the Prospectus 
Regulation from the requirement to publish a prospectus for offers of the Notes.  Accordingly any person 
making or intending to make an offer in that Relevant State of the Notes may only do so in circumstances 
in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to the Prospectus 
Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to 
such offer.  Neither the Issuer nor any Dealer has authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of any offer 
of Notes in any other circumstances.] 
These Issue Terms and the related Drawdown Prospectus has been prepared on the basis that any offer of 
Notes in the United Kingdom pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation ((EU) 2017/1129) as it forms part of 
“retained EU law”, as defined in the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK Prospectus 
Regulation") will be made pursuant to an exemption under the UK Prospectus Regulation from the 
requirement to publish a prospectus for offers of the Notes.  Accordingly any person making or intending 
to make an offer in the United Kingdom of the Notes may only do so in circumstances in which no 
obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to the UK Prospectus 
Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to the UK Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation 
to such offer.  Neither the Issuer nor any Dealer has authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of any 
offer of Notes in any other circumstances. 
Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification – Solely for the purposes of its obligations 
pursuant to sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289 of 
Singapore) (the "SFA"), the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in 
Section 309A of the SFA) that the Notes are ["prescribed capital markets products"]/[capital markets 
products other than "prescribed capital markets products"] (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital 
Markets Products) Regulations 2018). 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
THE NOTES DESCRIBED HEREIN HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER 
THE UNITED STATES SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE "SECURITIES ACT"), OR 
THE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE IN THE UNITED STATES.  THE NOTES DESCRIBED 
HEREIN MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD, PELDGED, ASSIGNED, DELIVERED OR OTHERWISE 
TRANSFERRED, EXERCISED OR REDEEMED AT ANY TIME, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, 
WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF U.S. PERSONS 
(AS DEFINED IN REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT).  SEE "SUBSCRIPTION AND 
SALE" AND "NO OWNERSHIP BY U.S. PERSONS" IN THE BASE PROSPECTUS DATED 21 APRIL 
2023.  IN PURCHASING THE NOTES, PURCHASERS WILL BE DEEMED TO REPRESENT AND 
WARRANT THAT THEY ARE NEITHER LOCATED IN THE UNITED STATES NOR A U.S. 
PERSON AND THAT THEY ARE NOT PURCHASING FOR, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT 
OF, ANY SUCH PERSON.  [THE NOTES ARE NOT RATED.]1 
This document constitutes Issue Terms relating to the issue of Notes described herein.  Terms used herein 
shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes set forth 
in the Base Prospectus dated 21 April 2023 [and the supplemental Base Prospectus[es] dated [•] ([each a]/ 
[the] "Supplemental Base Prospectus" [and, together the "Supplemental Base Prospectuses"])] which 
 
1  
Delete if Notes are rated

--- Page 114 ---
10223680081-v22 
- 106 - 
70-41030080 
 
[together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation ((EU) 2017/1129).  This document constitutes the Issue Terms of the Notes described herein 
and must be read in conjunction with such Base Prospectus [as so supplemented] and, in the case of Notes 
admitted to the Official List and to trading on the Regulated Market, admitted to trading on any other 
regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2004/39/EC ("MiFID II ") or offered to the public in any 
Relevant State, are the Issuer Terms which form a part of the related Drawdown Prospectus.  Full 
information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of 
these Issue Terms, the related Drawdown Prospectus and the Base Prospectus.  Copies of the Base 
Prospectus dated 21 April 2023 (and any Supplemental Base Prospectus[es]) are available from the offices 
of Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc at 25 Cabot Square, Canary Wharf, London, E14 4QA and on 
the Issuer's website (morganstanleyiq.eu). 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – THE NOTES ARE NOT INTENDED 
TO BE OFFERED, SOLD OR OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE TO AND SHOULD NOT BE 
OFFERED, SOLD OR OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE TO ANY RETAIL INVESTOR IN THE 
EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA ("EEA"). FOR THESE PURPOSES, A RETAIL INVESTOR MEANS 
A PERSON WHO IS ONE (OR MORE) OF: (I) A RETAIL CLIENT AS DEFINED IN POINT (11) OF 
ARTICLE 4(1) OF DIRECTIVE 2014/65/EU, AS AMENDED ("MIFID II"); (II) A CUSTOMER 
WITHIN THE MEANING OF DIRECTIVE (EU) 2016/97  (THE "INSURANCE DISTRIBUTION 
DIRECTIVE"), WHERE THAT CUSTOMER WOULD NOT QUALIFY AS A PROFESSIONAL 
CLIENT AS DEFINED IN POINT (10) OF ARTICLE 4(1) OF MIFID II; OR (III) NOT A QUALIFIED 
INVESTOR AS DEFINED IN THE PROSPECTUS REGULATION. CONSEQUENTLY, NO KEY 
INFORMATION DOCUMENT REQUIRED BY REGULATION (EU) NO 1286/2014 (THE "PRIIPS 
REGULATION") FOR OFFERING OR SELLING THE NOTES OR OTHERWISE MAKING THEM 
AVAILABLE TO RETAIL INVESTORS IN THE EEA HAS BEEN PREPARED AND THEREFORE 
OFFERING OR SELLING THE NOTES OR OTHERWISE MAKING THEM AVAILABLE TO ANY 
RETAIL INVESTOR IN THE EEA OR IN THE UK MAY BE UNLAWFUL UNDER THE PRIIPS 
REGULATION.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS - THE NOTES ARE NOT INTENDED 
TO BE OFFERED, SOLD OR OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE TO AND SHOULD NOT BE 
OFFERED, SOLD OR OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE TO ANY RETAIL INVESTOR IN THE 
UNITED KINGDOM (THE “UK”). FOR THESE PURPOSES, A RETAIL INVESTOR MEANS A 
PERSON WHO IS ONE (OR MORE) OF: 
(A) A RETAIL CLIENT AS DEFINED IN POINT (8) OF ARTICLE 2 OF REGULATION (EU) NO 
2017/565 AS IT FORMS PART OF “RETAINED EU LAW”, AS DEFINED IN THE EUROPEAN 
UNION (WITHDRAWAL) ACT 2018 (“EUWA”); 
(B) A CUSTOMER WITHIN THE MEANING OF THE PROVISIONS OF THE FINANCIAL 
SERVICES AND MARKETS ACT 2000 (“FSMA”) AND ANY RULES OR REGULATIONS MADE 
UNDER THE FSMA TO IMPLEMENT DIRECTIVE (EU) 2016/97, WHERE THAT CUSTOMER 
WOULD NOT QUALIFY AS A PROFESSIONAL CLIENT AS DEFINED IN POINT (8) OF ARTICLE 
2(1) OF REGULATION (EU) NO 600/2014 AS IT FORMS PART OF “RETAINED EU LAW”, AS 
DEFINED IN THE EUWA; OR 
(C) NOT A QUALIFIED INVESTOR AS DEFINED IN ARTICLE 2 OF REGULATION (EU) 2017/1129 
AS IT FORMS PART OF “RETAINED EU LAW”, AS DEFINED IN THE EUWA. 
CONSEQUENTLY NO KEY INFORMATION DOCUMENT REQUIRED BY REGULATION (EU) NO 
1286/2014 AS IT FORMS PART OF “RETAINED EU LAW”, AS DEFINED IN THE EUWA (THE “UK 
PRIIPS REGULATION”) FOR OFFERING OR SELLING THE NOTES OR OTHERWISE MAKING 
THEM AVAILABLE TO RETAIL INVESTORS IN THE UK HAS BEEN PREPARED AND 
THEREFORE OFFERING OR SELLING THE NOTES OR OTHERWISE MAKING THEM 
AVAILABLE TO ANY RETAIL INVESTOR IN THE UK MAY BE UNLAWFUL UNDER THE UK 
PRIIPS REGULATION.] 
[MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE/PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY 
TARGET MARKET:

--- Page 115 ---
10223680081-v22 
- 107 - 
70-41030080 
 
SOLELY FOR THE PURPOSES OF THE MANUFACTURER’S PRODUCT APPROVAL PROCESS, 
THE TARGET MARKET ASSESSMENT IN RESPECT OF THE NOTES HAS LED TO THE 
CONCLUSION THAT: 
(A) THE TARGET MARKET FOR THE NOTES IS ELIGIBLE COUNTERPARTIES AND 
PROFESSIONAL CLIENTS ONLY, EACH AS DEFINED IN MIFID II; AND 
(B) ALL CHANNELS FOR DISTRIBUTION OF THE NOTES TO ELIGIBLE COUNTERPARTIES 
AND PROFESSIONAL CLIENTS ARE APPROPRIATE. 
ANY PERSON SUBSEQUENTLY OFFERING, SELLING OR RECOMMENDING THE NOTES (A 
“DISTRIBUTOR”) SHOULD TAKE INTO CONSIDERATION THE MANUFACTURER’S TARGET 
MARKET ASSESSMENT; HOWEVER, A DISTRIBUTOR SUBJECT TO MIFID II IS RESPONSIBLE 
FOR UNDERTAKING ITS OWN TARGET MARKET ASSESSMENT IN RESPECT OF THE NOTES 
(BY EITHER ADOPTING OR REFINING THE MANUFACTURER’S TARGET MARKET 
ASSESSMENT) AND DETERMINING APPROPRIATE DISTRIBUTION CHANNELS.] 
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE/PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY 
TARGET MARKET: 
SOLELY FOR THE PURPOSES OF THE MANUFACTURER’S PRODUCT APPROVAL PROCESS, 
THE TARGET MARKET ASSESSMENT IN RESPECT OF THE NOTES HAS LED TO THE 
CONCLUSION THAT: 
(A) THE TARGET MARKET FOR THE NOTES IS ONLY ELIGIBLE COUNTERPARTIES, AS 
DEFINED IN THE FCA HANDBOOK CONDUCT OF BUSINESS SOURCEBOOK (“COBS”), AND 
PROFESSIONAL CLIENTS, AS DEFINED IN REGULATION (EU) NO 600/2014 AS IT FORMS PART 
OF “RETAINED EU LAW”, AS DEFINED IN THE EUROPEAN UNION (WITHDRAWAL) ACT 2018 
(“EUWA”) (“UK MIFIR”); AND 
(B) ALL CHANNELS FOR DISTRIBUTION OF THE NOTES TO ELIGIBLE COUNTERPARTIES 
AND PROFESSIONAL CLIENTS ARE APPROPRIATE. 
ANY [PERSON SUBSEQUENTLY OFFERING, SELLING OR RECOMMENDING THE NOTES (A 
“DISTRIBUTOR”)]/[DISTRIBUTOR] 
SHOULD 
TAKE 
INTO 
CONSIDERATION 
THE 
MANUFACTURERS’ TARGET MARKET ASSESSMENT; HOWEVER, A DISTRIBUTOR SUBJECT 
TO THE FCA HANDBOOK PRODUCT INTERVENTION AND PRODUCT GOVERNANCE 
SOURCEBOOK (THE “UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE RULES”) IS RESPONSIBLE FOR 
UNDERTAKING ITS OWN TARGET MARKET ASSESSMENT IN RESPECT OF THE NOTES (BY 
EITHER ADOPTING OR REFINING THE MANUFACTURERS’ TARGET MARKET ASSESSMENT) 
AND DETERMINING APPROPRIATE DISTRIBUTION CHANNELS.] 
 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A).  Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-
paragraphs.  Italics denote guidance for completing the Issue Terms.] 
1. 
Issuer: 
Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc 
 
2. 
[(i)] 
Series Number: 
[•] 
 
 
[(ii) 
[Tranche Number:] 
[•] 
 
 
(If fungible with an existing Series, 
details of that Series, including the date 
on which the Notes become fungible).] 
 
 
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[•]

--- Page 116 ---
10223680081-v22 
- 108 - 
70-41030080 
 
4. 
Aggregate Principal Amount of the 
Notes: 
[•] 
 
 
[(i)] 
Series: 
[•] 
 
 
[(ii) 
Tranche: 
[•]] 
 
5. 
Issue Price 
[•] per cent. of par per Note/[•] per Note  
6. 
(i) 
Specified Denominations (Par): 
[•] 
[the Specified Denomination of Notes 
issued under this Programme should be 
at least U.S.$500,000. If the Specified 
Denomination is less than this amount, 
additional disclosure will need to be 
made] 
 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[•] 
[the Calculation Amount of should equal 
the Specified Denominations (Par) of 
the Notes] 
 
7. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[•] 
 
 
(ii) 
Trade Date: 
[•] 
 
 
(iii) 
Interest Commencement Date 
(iv) 
2006 ISDA Definitions 
(v) 
2021 ISDA Definitions 
[Specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[•], [provided that where one party gives 
notice to the other party pursuant to the 
provisions 
of 
paragraph 
12(i) 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer) 
or paragraph 12(ii) (Redemption at the 
option of the Noteholders), the Maturity 
Date shall be the Early Redemption 
Date (as determined in accordance with 
the provisions of 12(i) (Redemption at 
the option of the Issuer) or 12(ii) 
(Redemption at the option of the 
Noteholders) as relevant)] 
 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[•]% Fixed Rate] 
 
 
 
[[specify reference rate] +/– [•]% 
Floating Rate] 
 
 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
 
 
[Dual Currency Interest] 
 
 
 
[Other (specify and include further 
particulars here] 
 
10. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Redemption at par] 
 
 
 
[Dual Currency Redemption]

--- Page 117 ---
10223680081-v22 
- 109 - 
70-41030080 
 
 
 
[Other (specify)] 
[include all that apply] 
 
11. 
Change of Interest or 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Specify details of any provision for 
convertibility of Notes into another 
interest or redemption/payment basis] 
 
12. 
Put/Call Options: 
 
 
 
(i) 
Redemption at the option of the 
Issuer: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Condition 10.4) (Redemption at 
the Option of the Issuer) 
[Condition 10.4 (Redemption at the 
Option of the Issuer) shall be deleted 
and replaced with the following: 
The Notes may be redeemed in whole at 
the option of the Issuer on any Business 
Day prior to the Maturity Date if the 
Issuer gives notice of such optional 
redemption (the "Issuer Redemption 
Notice"). The Issuer Redemption Notice 
will specify a date (the "Early 
Redemption Date") which will be a day 
falling at least [367] calendar days after 
the date on which the Issuer Redemption 
Notice is delivered in accordance with 
the provisions of Condition 22 (Notices) 
as amended by this paragraph 12.   
Upon giving an Issuer Redemption 
Notice, the Issuer shall be obliged to 
redeem each Note on the Early 
Redemption Date at an amount per Note 
equal to the principal amount of such 
Note and interest accrued in respect of 
such principal amount but not paid in 
respect of such Note to (and including) 
the Early Redemption Date. 
The following shall be added to 
Condition 22.2 (Registered Notes): 
"Notwithstanding the forgoing, if a 
beneficial holder of 100% of the Notes 
has notified the Issuer in writing of: 
(i) 
proof 
of 
such 
beneficial 
holder's beneficial interest in 
the 
Notes 
(in 
form 
and 
substance satisfactory to the 
Issuer); and  
(ii) 
a fax number and/or an e-mail 
address 
then an Issuer Redemption Notice sent 
by the Issuer to such beneficial holder 
(the "Beneficial Noteholder")  at such 
fax 
and/or 
e-mail 
address 
shall

--- Page 118 ---
10223680081-v22 
- 110 - 
70-41030080 
 
constitute  a valid Issuer Redemption 
Notice. 
If an Issuer Redemption Notice is sent: 
(a) 
by fax, it will be deemed 
effective on the date it is sent 
(and proof of transmission will 
be met by a transmission report 
generated by the sender's fax 
machine); and 
(b) 
by email, it will be deemed 
effective on the date it is sent 
[unless the Issuer receives an 
error 
message 
or 
other 
electronic 
notification 
that 
delivery of such e-mail has not 
occurred]. 
The Issuer will provide the Registrar 
with a copy of any Issuer Redemption 
Notice given by fax or e-mail pursuant 
to this Condition 22.2 (Registered 
Notes). 
From and including the date on which 
the 
Beneficial 
Noteholder 
(the 
"Original 
Beneficial 
Noteholder") 
supplies the Issuer with the information 
set out above, the Issuer shall be entitled 
to assume that the Original Beneficial 
Noteholder remains the Beneficial 
Noteholder unless and until it is notified 
to the contrary by the Original 
Beneficial Noteholder or a subsequent 
beneficial holder of some or all of the 
Notes which provides proof of its 
beneficial holding of the Notes (in form 
and substance satisfactory to the Issuer). 
Any notification to the Issuer pursuant 
to this Condition 22.2 (Registered 
Notes) shall be made either  
(a) in writing to: 
Structured Secured Funding 
Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc 
25 Cabot Square 
Canary Wharf 
London 
E14 4QA; or 
(b) by email to:  
securedfunding_firm@morganstanley.c
om.  
with a copy in writing to the address set 
out above.

--- Page 119 ---
10223680081-v22 
- 111 - 
70-41030080 
 
The Issuer shall not be liable in the event 
that any facsimile transmission or e-mail 
communication is not received, or is 
mutilated, 
illegible, 
interrupted, 
duplicated, incomplete, unauthorised or 
delayed for any reason, including (but 
not 
limited 
to) 
electronic 
or 
telecommunications failure."] 
 
(ii) 
Redemption at the option of the 
Noteholders: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Condition 10.6) (Redemption at 
the Option of  Noteholders) 
[Condition 10.6 (Redemption at the 
Option of  Noteholders) shall be deleted 
and replaced with the following: 
The Notes may be redeemed in whole at 
the option of 100% of the beneficial 
holders of the Notes on any Business 
Day prior to the Maturity Date if: 
(i) 100% beneficial holders of the Notes 
deliver to the Issuer (in accordance with 
the Redemption Notice Contact Details 
provided in sub-paragraph (iii) below) 
prior to 17.00 (London time) on any 
Business Day (such day being the 
"Noteholder 
Redemption 
Notice 
Date" provided that, if either the 
Noteholder Redemption Notice or the 
Proof of Holding is delivered after 17.00 
(London Time) on any Business Day, it 
shall be deemed to be delivered at 10.00 
(London Time) on the immediately 
following Business Day and such 
Business Day shall be the Noteholder 
Redemption Notice Date): 
(A) notice of such intention to redeem in 
the form set out in Part D – Form of 
Noteholder Redemption Notice (the 
"Noteholder 
Redemption 
Notice") 
specifying 
a 
date 
(the 
"Early 
Redemption Date") which will be a day 
falling at least [367] calendar days after 
the date of delivery of the Noteholder 
Redemption Notice Date; and  
(B) proof of the holding of the Notes on 
the Noteholder Redemption Notice Date 
in form reasonably satisfactory to the 
Issuer ("Proof of Holding"); and 
(ii) an instruction to redeem the Notes is 
simultaneously sent by or on behalf of 
such beneficial holders of the Notes to 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
as applicable, in the form required by 
such clearing system.

--- Page 120 ---
10223680081-v22 
- 112 - 
70-41030080 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, the 
Noteholder Redemption Notice shall 
constitute a "duly completed Put Option 
Notice" for the purposes of clause 9.2 
(Exercise of put option) of the Agency 
Agreement.  
Provided that the Issuer has received 
both the Noteholder Redemption Notice 
and the Proof of Holding prior to 17.00 
(London time) on the Noteholder 
Redemption Notice Date, the Issuer 
shall, as soon as reasonably practicable 
thereafter, notify the Registrar, the 
Trustee, the Principal Paying Agent and 
Euronext 
Dublin 
of 
the 
Early 
Redemption Date and the Issuer shall be 
obliged to redeem each Note on the 
Early Redemption Date at an amount 
per Note equal to the principal amount 
of such Note and interest accrued in 
respect of such principal amount but not 
paid in respect of such Note to (and 
including) the Early Redemption Date.] 
 
(iii) 
Redemption Notice Contact 
Details: 
[Not Applicable] 
[In the case of the Issuer, by email to:  
securedfunding_firm@morganstanley.c
om. 
or such other Redemptions Notice 
Contact Details as may be notified to the 
Noteholders pursuant to Condition 22 
(Notices). 
In the case of the Principal Paying 
Agent, by email to: 
CT_PutOption@bnymellon.com ] 
 
 
(iv) 
Other Put/Call Options: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
13. 
Status of the Notes: 
Condition 4 (Status) applies. 
 
 
(Condition 4 (Status)) 
 
14. 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
 
15. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Condition 6 (Fixed Rate Note 
Provisions) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
(i) 
Fixed Interest Rate: 
[•] per cent. per annum [payable 
[annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly/ 
other 
(specify)] in arrear]

--- Page 121 ---
10223680081-v22 
- 113 - 
70-41030080 
 
[OR] 
[ 
Interest Period 
Fixed 
Interest 
Rate 
From 
(and 
including) 
the 
[Interest 
Commencement 
Date]/[Interest 
Payment 
Date] 
[falling 
on]/[scheduled to 
fall on] [•] to (but 
excluding) 
the 
Interest Payment 
Date 
[falling 
on]/[scheduled to 
fall 
on] 
[•] 
(repeat 
as 
required) 
[•] per cent. per 
annum [payable 
[annually/semi-
annually/quarterl
y/monthly/other 
(specify)] 
in 
arrear] (repeat as 
required) 
] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Period: 
[As 
set 
out 
in 
Condition 
2 
(Interpretation)] / [Insert "Unadjusted" 
if the application of the relevant 
Business 
Day 
Convention 
is 
not 
intended to affect the Interest Period] 
 
 
(iii) 
Linear Interpolation 
(General Condition 7.4 (Linear 
Interpolation)) 
[Applicable in respect of the Interest 
Period: [•]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(iv) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[•] in each year [adjusted in accordance 
with [specify Business Day Convention 
and any applicable Business Centre(s) 
for the definition of "Business Day"]/not 
adjusted] 
 
 
(v) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
 
(vi) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[•] per Calculation Amount, payable on 
the Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] 
[•] 
 
 
(vii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual; Actual/Actual (ISDA); 
Actual/365L; 
Actual/365(Fixed); 
Actual/360; 30/360; 30/360 (ICMA); 
30E/360, 
Eurobond 
Basis; 
Actual/ICMA; 30/360 (ISDA); 360/360; 
Bond Basis; 1/1; other] 
 
 
(viii) 
Business Day Convention 
[Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/[Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified 
Business Day Convention]/[Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/[No 
Adjustment/Unadjusted]

--- Page 122 ---
10223680081-v22 
- 114 - 
70-41030080 
 
 
(ix) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[•]  
 
 
(x) 
Other terms relating to the 
method of calculating interest 
for Fixed Rate Notes: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
16. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Condition 7 (Floating Rate Note 
Provisions)) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[•] 
 
 
(ii) 
First Interest Payment Date: 
[delete if not applicable] 
 
 
(iii) 
Interest Period: 
[As 
set 
out 
in 
Condition 
2 
(Interpretation)] / [Insert "Unadjusted" 
if the application of the relevant 
Business 
Day 
Convention 
is 
not 
intended to affect the Interest Period] 
 
 
(iv) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/ Following 
Business Day Convention/ Modified 
Following Business Day Convention/ 
Preceding Business Day Convention/ 
other (give details)] 
 
 
(v) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[•]  
 
 
(vi) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination/ISDA 
Determination/other (give details)] 
 
 
(vii) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate(s) of Interest and/or 
Interest Amount(s) (if not the 
Calculation Agent): 
[•] 
 
 
(viii) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
 
 
• 
Reference Rate: 
• 
Provisions specific to 
SOFR 
as 
Reference 
Rate 
- 
SOFR 
Benchmark 
(General 
Condition 7.7): 
[•] 
[Not Applicable] 
[SOFR Compound with Lookback 
 
Lookback 
Days: 
[•] 
U.S. 
 
Government 
Securities 
 
Business Days] 
[SOFR Compound with Observation 
Period Shift 
 
Observation Shift Days: [•] 
 
U.S. Government Securities 
 
Business Days] 
[SOFR Compound with Payment Delay 
 
[Interest Payment Delay: [•] 
 
U.S. Government Securities 
 
Business Days]]

--- Page 123 ---
10223680081-v22 
- 115 - 
70-41030080 
 
[SOFR Index Average 
 
SOFR 
IndexStart: 
[•] 
U.S. 
 
Government 
Securities 
 
Business Days preceding the 
 
first date of the relevant 
 
Interest Period 
 
SOFR 
IndexEnd: 
[•] 
U.S. 
 
Government 
Securities 
 
Business Days preceding the 
 
Interest 
Period 
End 
Date 
 
relating to the relevant Interest 
 
Period 
 
Observation Shift Days: [•] 
 
U.S. Government Securities 
 
Business Days] 
 
• 
Provisions specific to 
SONIA as Reference 
Rate 
– 
SONIA 
Benchmark 
(General 
Condition 7.8): 
[Not Applicable] 
[SONIA Compound with Lookback 
 
Lookback Days: [•] London 
 
Banking Days] 
[SONIA Compound with Observation 
Period Shift 
 
Observation Shift Days: [•] 
 
London Banking Days] 
[SONIA Compound with Payment 
Delay 
 
[SONIA Rate Cut-Off Date: [•] 
 
London Banking Days] 
 
[Interest Payment Delay: [•] 
 
London Banking Days]] 
[SONIA Index Average 
 
Relevant Number: [•] 
 
[Observation Shift Days: [•] 
 
London Banking Days]] 
 
 
• 
Provisions specific to 
€STR as Reference Rate 
– 
€STR 
Benchmark 
(General 
Condition 
7.9): 
[€STR Compound with Lookback 
 
Lookback Days: [•] TARGET 
 
Settlement Days] 
[€STR Compound with Observation 
Period Shift 
 
Observation Shift Days: [•] 
 
TARGET Settlement Days] 
[€STR Compound with Payment Delay

--- Page 124 ---
10223680081-v22 
- 116 - 
70-41030080 
 
 
[€STR Rate Cut-Off Date: [•] 
 
TARGET Settlement Days] 
 
[Interest Payment Delay: [•] 
 
TARGET Settlement Days]] 
[€STR Index Average 
 
Relevant Number: [•] 
 
[Observation Shift Days: [•] 
 
TARGET Settlement Days]] 
 
• 
Provisions specific to 
SARON as Reference 
Rate 
– 
SARON 
Benchmark 
(General 
Condition 7.10): 
[SARON Compound with Lookback 
 
Lookback Days: [•] Zurich 
 
Banking Days] 
[SARON Compound with Observation 
Period Shift 
 
Observation Shift Days: [•] 
 
Zurich Banking Days] 
[SARON Compound with Payment 
Delay 
 
[SARON Rate Cut-Off Date: 
 
[•] Zurich Banking Days] 
 
[Interest Payment Delay: [•] 
 
Zurich Banking Days]] 
[SAION Index Average 
 
Relevant Number: [•] 
 
[Observation Shift Days: [•] 
 
Zurich Banking Days]] 
 
 
• 
Provisions specific to 
TONA as Reference 
Rate 
– 
TONA 
Benchmark 
(General 
Condition 7.11): 
[TONA Compound with Lookback 
 
Lookback Days: [•] Tokyo 
 
Banking Days] 
[TONA Compound with Observation 
Period Shift 
 
Observation Shift Days: [•] 
 
Tokyo Banking Days] 
[TONA Compound with Payment Delay 
 
[TONA Rate Cut-Off Date: 
 
[•] Tokyo Banking Days] 
 
[Interest Payment Delay: [•] 
 
Tokyo Banking Days]] 
[TONA Index Average

--- Page 125 ---
10223680081-v22 
- 117 - 
70-41030080 
 
 
Relevant Number: [•] 
 
[Observation Shift Days: [•] 
 
Tokyo Banking Days]] 
 
• 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[•]/[Periodic Rate Determination is 
applicable. The Interest Determination 
Date(s) [is/are]: [•]/[the first day of each 
Interest Period]/[the second TARGET 
Settlement Day prior to the start of each 
Interest 
Period]]/[Daily 
Rate 
Determination is applicable][Following 
the designation of an Early Redemption 
Date (in accordance with the provisions 
of 12(i) (Redemption at the Option of the 
Issuer) or 12 (ii) (Redemption at the 
Option of the Noteholders) as relevant), 
there shall be no Interest Determination 
Date until the Early Redemption Date 
and the Notes shall bear interest at the 
Rate of Interest applicable at the time of 
such 
designation 
until 
the 
Early 
Redemption Date.] 
 
 
• 
Relevant Screen Page: 
• 
Relevant Time 
• 
[Interest 
Participation 
Rate: 
• 
[Margin 
• 
[Rate Table 
[•] 
[•] 
[•]/[As specified in the Rate Table 
below]] 
[[+/-][•] per cent. per annum]/[As 
specified in the Rate Table below]] 
Rate Table 
Interest 
Payment 
Date(s) 
Margin 
Interest 
Participati
on Rate 
[•] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[[+/-][•] 
per cent. 
per 
annum] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[•] 
(repeat as 
required) 
] 
 
 
• 
Designated Maturity 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
 
(ix) 
ISDA Determination 
 
 
 
• 
Floating Rate Option: 
[•] 
 
 
• 
Designated Maturity: 
[•] 
 
 
• 
Reset Date: 
• 
Overnight Floating Rate 
Option: 
[•] 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 126 ---
10223680081-v22 
- 118 - 
70-41030080 
 
 
• 
Index 
Floating 
Rate 
Option: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Overnight 
Rate 
Compounding Method 
[Not Applicable] (Specify as Not 
Applicable if Averaging applies) 
[OIS Compounding 
 
[Daily Capped Rate and/or 
 
Daily 
Floored 
Rate: 
 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
[Daily Capped Rate: [●]] 
 
[Daily Floored Rate: [●]]] 
[Compounding with Lookback 
 
[Lookback: 
[●] 
Applicable 
 
Business Days] 
 
[Daily Capped Rate and/or 
 
Daily 
Floored 
Rate: 
 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
[Daily Capped Rate: [●]] 
 
[Daily Floored Rate: [●]]] 
[Compounding with Observation Period 
Shift 
 
Set-in-Advance: 
 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
[Observation Period Shift: [●] 
 
Observation 
Period 
Shift 
 
Business Days] 
 
[Observation 
Period 
Shift 
 
Additional 
Business 
Days: 
 
[●]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
[Daily Capped Rate and/or 
 
Daily 
Floored 
Rate: 
 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
[Daily Capped Rate: [●]] 
 
[Daily Floored Rate: [●]]] 
[Compounding with Lockout 
 
[Lockout: [●] Lockout Period 
 
Business Days] 
 
[Lockout 
Period 
Business 
 
Days: 
[●]/[Applicable 
 
Business Days]]

--- Page 127 ---
10223680081-v22 
- 119 - 
70-41030080 
 
 
[Daily Capped Rate and/or 
 
Daily 
Floored 
Rate: 
 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
[Daily Capped Rate: [●]] 
 
[Daily Floored Rate: [●]]] 
[Applicable, as per the Floating Rate 
Matrix (as defined in the ISDA 
Definitions)] (Only applicable where 
the 2021 ISDA Definitions apply) 
 
• 
Overnight 
Rate 
Averaging Method 
[Not Applicable] (Specify as Not 
Applicable if Compounding applies) 
[Overnight Averaging 
 
[Daily Capped Rate and/or 
 
Daily 
Floored 
Rate: 
 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
[Daily Capped Rate: [●]] 
 
[Daily Floored Rate: [●]]] 
[Averaging with Lookback 
 
[Lookback: 
[●] 
Applicable 
 
Business Days] 
 
[Daily Capped Rate and/or 
 
Daily 
Floored 
Rate: 
 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
[Daily Capped Rate: [●]] 
 
[Daily Floored Rate: [●]]] 
[Averaging with Observation Period 
Shift 
 
Set-in-Advance: 
 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
[Observation Period Shift: [●] 
 
Observation 
Period 
Shift 
 
Business Days] 
 
[Observation 
Period 
Shift 
 
Additional 
Business 
Days: 
 
[●]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
[Daily Capped Rate and/or 
 
Daily 
Floored 
Rate: 
 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
[Daily Capped Rate: [●]] 
 
[Daily Floored Rate: [●]]] 
[Averaging with Lockout

--- Page 128 ---
10223680081-v22 
- 120 - 
70-41030080 
 
 
[Lockout: [●] Lockout Period 
 
Business Days] 
 
[Lockout 
Period 
Business 
 
Days: 
[●]/[Applicable 
 
Business Days]] 
 
[Daily Capped Rate and/or 
 
Daily 
Floored 
Rate: 
 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
[Daily Capped Rate: [●]] 
 
[Daily Floored Rate: [●]]] 
[Applicable, as per the Floating Rate 
Matrix (as defined in the ISDA 
Definitions)] (Only applicable where the 
2021 ISDA Definitions apply) 
 
 
• 
Index Method: 
[Not Applicable] 
[Standard 
Index 
Method] 
(Only 
applicable where the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions apply) 
[Compounded Index Method] 
[Compounded 
Index 
Method 
with 
Observation Period Shift 
 
Set-in-Advance: 
 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
[Observation Period Shift: [●] 
 
Observation 
Period 
Shift 
 
Business Days] 
 
[Observation 
Period 
Shift 
 
Additional 
Business 
Days: 
 
[●]/[Not Applicable]]] 
 
 
• 
Unscheduled Holiday: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] (Only 
include 
where 
the 
2021 
ISDA 
Definitions apply) 
 
 
• 
[Period 
End 
Date/Termination Date 
adjustment 
for 
Unscheduled Holiday: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] (Only 
include 
where 
the 
2021 
ISDA 
Definitions apply) 
 
 
• 
[Non-Representative: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] (Only 
include 
where 
the 
2021 
ISDA 
Definitions apply) 
 
 
• 
[Successor Benchmark: 
[•] 
Successor Benchmark Effective Date: 
[•]]

--- Page 129 ---
10223680081-v22 
- 121 - 
70-41030080 
 
(Only include where the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions apply) 
 
• 
If ISDA Determination 
applies, ISDA Bespoke 
Fallbacks to apply in 
priority 
to 
other 
fallbacks in General 
Condition 7.17: 
[Yes]/[No] 
 
 
• 
Delayed Payment 
[Applicable, with the specified number 
of days being [•] Business Days]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
• 
[2006 ISDA Definitions 
Linear Interpolation 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] (Only 
include 
where 
the 
2006 
ISDA 
Definitions apply) 
 
 
• 
[2021 ISDA Definitions 
Linear Interpolation 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] (Only 
include 
where 
the 
2021 
ISDA 
Definitions apply) 
 
 
• 
[Interest 
Participation 
Rate: 
• 
[Margin 
• 
[Rate Table 
[•]/[As specified in the Rate Table 
below]] 
[[+/-][•] per cent. per annum]/[As 
specified in the Rate Table below]] 
Rate Table 
Interest 
Payment 
Date(s) 
Margin 
Interest 
Participati
on Rate 
[•] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[[+/-][•] 
per cent. 
per 
annum] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[•] 
(repeat as 
required) 
] 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(x) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
 
(xi) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
 
(xii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[•] 
 
 
(xiii) 
[Other Relevant Rates 
Benchmark:] 
[[•](specify any applicable Relevant 
Rates Benchmark Rate which is not a 
Reference Rate. Otherwise delete line)] 
 
 
(xiv) 
Alternative Pre-nominated 
Reference Rate: 
[specify][Not Applicable] (specify in 
respect 
of 
each 
Relevant 
Rates 
Benchmark)

--- Page 130 ---
10223680081-v22 
- 122 - 
70-41030080 
 
 
(xv) 
Fallback provisions, rounding 
provisions, denominator and 
any other terms relating to the 
method of calculating interest 
on Floating Rate Notes, if 
different from those set out in 
the Conditions: 
[•] 
 
17. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Condition 
8 
(Zero 
Coupon 
Note 
Provisions)) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[•] 
 
 
(iii) 
Any other formula/basis of 
determining amount payable: 
[•] 
 
18. 
Dual 
Currency 
Note 
Interest 
Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Condition 9 (Dual Currency Note 
Provisions)) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
(i) 
Rate of Exchange/method of 
calculating Rate of Exchange: 
[give details] 
 
 
(ii) 
Party, if any, responsible for 
calculating 
the 
Rate(s) 
of 
interest 
and/or 
Interest 
Amount(s) 
(if 
not 
the 
Calculation Agent): 
[•] 
 
 
(iii) 
Provisions 
applicable 
where 
calculation by reference to Rate 
of Exchange impossible or 
impracticable 
or 
otherwise 
disrupted: 
[Need to include a description of market 
disruption or settlement disruption 
events and adjustment provisions.] 
 
 
(iv) 
Person 
at 
whose 
option 
Specified Currency(ies) is/are 
payable: 
[•] 
 
 
(v) 
Other 
special 
terms 
and 
conditions: 
[•] 
 
19. 
[Implementation 
of 
Financial 
Transaction Tax Event]  
(Condition 13.3) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
 
20. 
Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Condition 10.4 (Redemption at the 
Option of the Issuer)) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[•]

--- Page 131 ---
10223680081-v22 
- 123 - 
70-41030080 
 
 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note and 
method, if any, of calculation of 
such amount(s): 
[•] per Calculation Amount  
 
 
(iii) 
Notice period: 
[•] 
 
21. 
Put Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Condition 10.6 (Redemption at the 
Option of Noteholders)) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[•] 
 
 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note and 
method, if any, of calculation of 
such amount(s): 
[•] per Calculation Amount  
 
 
(iii) 
Notice period: 
[•] 
 
22. 
Final Redemption Amount of each 
Note 
(Condition 
10.1 
(Scheduled 
Redemption)) 
[[•] per Calculation Amount] 
 
23. 
Dual Currency Redemption Provisions 
(Condition 9 (Dual Currency Note 
Provisions)) 
[Applicable 
(give 
details)/Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
(i) 
Rate of Exchange/method of 
calculating Rate of Exchange: 
[give details] 
 
 
(ii) 
Determination 
Agent 
responsible for calculating the 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[•] 
 
 
(iii) 
Provisions for determining Final 
Redemption Amount: 
[•] 
 
 
(iv) 
Provisions for determining Final 
Redemption 
Amount 
where 
calculation by reference to Rate 
of Exchange is impossible or 
impracticable 
or 
otherwise 
disrupted: 
[Need to include a description of market 
disruption or settlement disruption 
events and adjustment provisions.] 
 
 
(v) 
Person at whose option Specified 
Currency(ies) is/are payable: 
[•] 
 
 
(vi) 
Other 
special 
terms 
and 
conditions: 
[•]

--- Page 132 ---
10223680081-v22 
- 124 - 
70-41030080 
 
24. 
Events of Default: 
(Condition 14 (Events of Default) 
[As set out in Condition 14 (Events of 
Default)/[Each of] The following shall 
be an additional Event of Default for the 
purposes of Condition 14 (Events of 
Default): 
(provide details of additional Event(s) of 
Default) 
 
25. 
a. Early Redemption Amount upon 
Event of Default  
(Condition 14 (Events of Default)) 
As 
set 
out 
in 
Condition 
2 
(Interpretation). 
 
 
b. Early Redemption Amount upon 
Early Redemption 
 
 
 
(Conditions 10.2 (Tax Redemption) and 
10.7 (Early Redemption in the event of 
the insolvency of the Custodian)) 
 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount(s) 
per 
Calculation 
Amount 
payable 
on 
redemption for taxation reasons or other 
early redemption and/or the method of 
calculating the same (if required or if 
different from that set out in the 
Conditions): 
[specify if the definition in Condition 2 
(Interpretation) is applicable/ specify 
any other provisions applicable to 
determining the Early Redemption 
Amount] 
 
 
c. Early Redemption Amount upon 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer 
(Call Option): 
 
 
 
(Condition 10.4 (Redemption at the 
Option of the Issuer)) 
 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount(s) payable on 
redemption at the option of the Issuer: 
An amount per Note equal to the 
principal amount of such Note and 
interest accrued in respect of such 
principal amount but not paid in respect 
of such Note to (and including) the Early 
Redemption Date. 
 
 
d. Early Redemption Amount upon 
Redemption at the option of the 
Noteholders (Put Option): 
 
 
 
(Condition 10.6 (Redemption at the 
Option of Noteholders)) 
 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount(s) payable on 
redemption at 
the 
option 
of the 
Noteholders: 
An amount per Note equal to the 
principal amount of such Note and 
interest accrued in respect of such 
principal amount but not paid in respect 
of such Note to (and including) the Early 
Redemption Date. 
 
26. 
Relevant 
Rates 
Benchmark 
Discontinuance or Prohibition on Use 
(Condition 7.17) 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
Administrator/Benchmark 
Event: 
applicable for Condition 7.17(c): [Not

--- Page 133 ---
10223680081-v22 
- 125 - 
70-41030080 
 
Applicable] 2 /[Applicable as per the 
Conditions] 
[Alternative Pre-nominated Reference 
Rate: 
[None][Specify] 
(specify 
in 
respect 
of 
each 
Relevant 
Rates 
Benchmark)] 
[Early 
Redemption 
Amount 
(Benchmark Trigger Event) – Fair 
Market Value Less Costs] / [Early 
Redemption 
Amount 
(Benchmark 
Trigger Event) – Fair Market Value] 
shall apply] / [Not Applicable] 
(Note – for issuances of Notes to retail 
investors, "Early Redemption Amount 
(Benchmark Trigger Event) – Fair 
Market Value Less Costs" may not be 
selected) 
27. 
Governing Law 
[English law/other (specify)] 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
 
28. 
Form of Notes 
[Bearer Notes: 
 
 
(Condition 3 (Form, Denomination and 
Title)) 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable 
for a Permanent Global Note which is 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes on [•] 
days' notice/at any time/in the limited 
circumstances 
specified 
in 
the 
Permanent Global Note] 
 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable 
for Definitive Notes on [•] days' notice] 
 
 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable 
for Definitive Notes on [•] days' 
notice/at 
any time/in the limited 
circumstances 
specified 
in 
the 
Permanent Global Note]] 
 
 
 
[Note: Bearer Notes may only be issued 
if it has been determined that they 
should be classified as being in 
registered form for U.S. Federal income 
tax purposes.] 
 
 
 
[Registered Notes: 
 
 
 
[Global Note Certificate registered in 
the name of [a nominee for] [a common 
depositary 
for 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg]/[a common 
safekeeper 
for 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (that is, held 
under the New Safekeeping Structure 
 
 
2 Not applicable where the Relevant Rates Benchmark is U.S. Dollar LIBOR.

--- Page 134 ---
10223680081-v22 
- 126 - 
70-41030080 
 
(NSS))] 3, exchangeable for Individual 
Note Certificates on [•] days' notice/at 
any time/ in the limited circumstances 
described in the Global Note Certificate] 
 
 
[Individual Note Certificates]] 
 
29. 
(i) 
Security: 
[provide details of security as granted 
by the Supplemental Trust Deed in 
respect of the Series of Notes and/or any 
security created pursuant to any 
Additional Security Document(s)] 
 
 
(ii) 
Additional 
Security 
Document(s): 
[Not Applicable/ provide details] 
 
 
(iii) 
Custodian(s)/Additional 
Custodian: 
[The Bank of New York Mellon, 
London Branch/ (insert details of any 
additional custodians)] 
(delete as appropriate) 
 
 
(iv) 
Additional Custody Agreement: 
[Not Applicable/ provide details] 
 
 
(v) 
Additional 
Collateral 
Management Agreement: 
[Not Applicable/ provide details] 
 
 
(vi) 
Additional 
Collateral 
Verification Agent: 
[Not Applicable/ provide details] 
 
 
(vii) 
Eligible Collateral: 
As specified in Part C – Collateral 
Schedule 
 
 
(viii) 
Collateral Administrator: 
[MSI plc/insert name of Collateral 
Administrator, if different] 
 
 
(ix) 
EM 
Collateral 
Verification 
Agent: 
[MSI plc/insert name of EM Collateral 
Verification Agent, if different] 
 
 
(x) 
ABS 
Collateral 
Verification 
Agent: 
[MSI plc/insert name of ABS Collateral 
Verification Agent, if different] 
 
 
(xi) 
Minimum 
Collateralisation 
Percentage: 
[insert relevant percentage] 
 
 
(xii) 
Collateral Valuation Date(s): 
[Condition 2 (Interpretation) shall 
apply/ insert alternative valuation 
frequency] 
(select "Condition 2 (Interpretation) 
shall apply" if the Posted Collateral is 
to be valued daily) 
 
 
(xiii) 
Noteholder Reports available at: 
[insert website] 
 
 
(xiv) 
[Substitution: 
[Condition 5.3 (Substitution and 
Withdrawal of Posted Collateral) shall 
apply/ See Part C (Collateral 
Schedule)]] 
 
 
3 
To be included for Registered Notes in global form which are to be held under the NSS.

--- Page 135 ---
10223680081-v22 
- 127 - 
70-41030080 
 
(specify "Part C (Collateral Schedule)" 
if any other provisions relating to 
substitution are to apply.  When 
amending the terms in relation to 
substitution, consider the effect on the 
Security) 
 
(xv) 
[Withdrawal: 
[Condition 
5.3 
(Substitution 
and 
Withdrawal of Posted Collateral) shall 
apply/ 
See 
Part 
C 
(Collateral 
Schedule)]] 
(specify "Part C (Collateral Schedule)" 
if any other provisions relating to 
withdrawal are to apply.  When 
amending the terms in relation to 
withdrawal, consider the effect on the 
Security) 
 
 
(xvi) 
Application Proceeds: 
[Condition 5.7 (Application of proceeds 
following enforcement) shall apply/ 
specify alternative payment priority if 
Condition 5.7 (Application of proceeds 
following enforcement) will not apply] 
 
 
(xvii) 
Other issue terms relating to 
Security: 
[Not Applicable/ include any other 
Issue Terms in relation to the Security] 
 
30. 
Additional Business Centre(s) or other 
special provisions relating to Payment 
Dates: 
[Not Applicable/give details.  Note that 
this item relates to the date and place of 
payment, and not interest period end 
dates, to which items 15 (ii) and 16(iv)]4 
 
31. 
Talons for future Coupons or Receipts to 
be attached to Definitive Notes (and 
dates on which such Talons mature): 
[Yes/No.  If yes, give details] 
 
32. 
Redenomination, renominalisation and 
reconventioning provisions: 
[Not Applicable/The provisions [in 
Condition 
26 
(Redenomination, 
Renominalisation 
and 
Reconventioning)] [annexed to these 
Issue Terms] apply] 
 
33. 
Restrictions on free transferability of the 
Notes: 
[None][give details] 
 
34. 
Other issue terms: 
[See Part C - Collateral Schedule / give 
details of any other issue terms] 
 
35. 
If syndicated, names of Dealers:   
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
36. 
If non-syndicated, name of Dealer (if not 
MSI plc): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
 
37. 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
Reg. S Compliance Category; TEFRA 
not applicable 
 
 
4 
This should specify "Not applicable" unless, exceptionally, location of Principal Paying Agent is to be 
included as a business day for the purposes of payments whilst Notes are in global form in the clearing 
systems.

--- Page 136 ---
10223680081-v22 
- 128 - 
70-41030080 
 
38. 
Additional selling restrictions: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
39. 
Details of benchmarks administrators 
and registration under Benchmarks 
Regulation: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
[[specify benchmark] is administered by 
[insert legal name of administrator], 
who as at the Issue Date, appears on the 
register 
of 
administrators 
and 
benchmarks established and maintained 
by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority pursuant to Article 36 of the 
Benchmarks 
(Regulation 
(EU) 
2016/2011) 
(the 
“Benchmarks 
Regulation”).]/[[specify benchmark] is 
administered by [insert legal name of 
administrator], who as at the Issue Date, 
does not appear on the register of 
administrators 
and 
benchmarks 
established and maintained by the 
European 
Securities 
and 
Markets 
Authority pursuant to Article 36 of the 
Benchmarks 
(Regulation 
(EU) 
2016/2011) 
(the 
“Benchmarks 
Regulation”). [As far as the Issuer is 
aware 
[insert 
legal 
name 
of 
administrator] is not required to be 
registered by virtue of Article 2 of the 
Benchmarks Regulation.][As far as the 
Issuer 
is 
aware, 
the 
transitional 
provisions in Article 51 of the 
Benchmarks Regulation apply, such that 
[insert legal name of administrator] is 
not 
currently 
required 
to 
obtain 
authorisation or registration (or if 
located outside the European Union, 
recognition, 
endorsement 
or 
equivalence).] 
 
PURPOSE OF ISSUE TERMS 
These Issue Terms comprise the issue terms required for issue [and] [admission to trading on [Euronext 
Dublin's Regulated Market/ specify relevant regulated market] of the Notes described herein pursuant to 
the Up to U.S.$ 5,000,000,000 Secured Note Programme of Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc. 
RESPONSIBILITY 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in these Issue Terms.  [(Relevant third party 
information) has been extracted from [•] (specify source)].  The Issuer confirms that such information has 
been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published 
by [•], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or 
misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
By:  .......................................................................  
Duly authorised

--- Page 137 ---
10223680081-v22 
- 129 - 
70-41030080 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING 
 
 
Listing and admission to 
Trading: 
[Application [has been made/is expected to be 
made] by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes 
to be admitted to trading on Euronext Dublin's 
Regulated Market and to be listed on the Official 
List with effect from [•].] 
 
 
[Application [has been made/is expected to be 
made] by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes 
to be [admitted to trading/listed] on [insert details 
of listing, quotation system or exchange] with effect 
from [•].] 
[No assurance can be given that any such 
Application will be successful and that the 
admission to trading and/or the listing of the Notes 
will be maintained until the Maturity Date.]  
[Not Applicable.] 
 
 
[Where documenting a fungible issue, need to 
indicate that original Notes are already admitted to 
trading.] 
 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
 
Ratings: 
The Notes to be issued have been rated:  
 
 
[S & P: [•]] 
 
 
[[•] 5 is established in the EEA and is registered 
under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 16 
September 2009 on credit rating agencies.] 
 
 
[Moody's: [•]] 
 
 
[[•] 6 is established in the EEA and is registered 
under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 16 
September 2009 on credit rating agencies.] 
 
 
[Fitch:  [•]] 
 
 
[[•] 7 is established in the EEA and is registered 
under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 16 
September 2009 on credit rating agencies.] 
 
 
[[Other]: [•]] 
 
 
5  
Please confirm exact S&P entity issuing the rating and amend this paragraph as required. 
6  
Please confirm exact Moody's entity issuing the rating and amend this paragraph as required. 
7  
Please confirm exact Fitch entity issuing the rating and amend this paragraph as required.

--- Page 138 ---
10223680081-v22 
- 130 - 
70-41030080 
 
 
[Option 1 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is established in the 
EEA and registered under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009, as amended (the "CRA Regulation"). 
Option 2 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is not established in 
the EEA and is not registered under Regulation 
(EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the "CRA 
Regulation"). 
Option 3 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is not established in 
the EEA but the rating it has given to the Notes is 
endorsed by [insert legal name of credit rating 
agency], which is established in the EEA and 
registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as 
amended (the "CRA Regulation"). 
Option 4 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is not established in 
the EEA but is certified under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009, 
as 
amended 
(the 
"CRA 
Regulation").]]8 
 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Notes of the type being issued under the 
Programme generally or, where the issue has been 
specifically rated, that rating.) 
[The Notes will not be rated]. 
 
3. 
[INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE 
[ISSUE/OFFER] 
 
Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is 
material to the issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest.  
May be satisfied by the inclusion of the following statement: 
 
"Save as discussed in ["Subscription and Sale"], so far as the Issuer is aware, no 
person involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer".] 
 
4. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER OR ADMISSION TO TRADING, ESTIMATED 
NET PROCEEDS AND TOTAL EXPENSES 
 
[(i) 
Reasons for the offer 
or 
admission 
to 
trading: 
[•] 
 
 
8 
Edit and delete options as appropriate for the relevant rating agency/agencies providing the rating(s).

--- Page 139 ---
10223680081-v22 
- 131 - 
70-41030080 
 
 
(If reasons for offer different from making profit 
and/or hedging, certain risks will need to include 
those reasons here.)] 
 
[(ii)] 
Estimated 
net 
proceeds: 
[•] 
 
 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use, will 
need to split out and present in order of priority.  If 
proceeds insufficient to fund all proposed uses state 
amount and sources of other funding.) 
 
[(iii)] 
Estimated 
total 
expenses: 
[•] 
 
 
[Include breakdown of expenses.] (If the Notes are 
derivative securities to which Annex XII of the 
Prospectus Directive Regulation applies it is only 
necessary to include disclosure of net proceeds and 
total expenses at (ii) and (iii) above where 
disclosure is included at (i) above.)] 
 
5. 
[Fixed Rate Notes only – YIELD 
 
Indication of yield: 
[•] 
 
 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis 
of the Issue Price.  It is not an indication of future 
yield.] 
 
6. 
[Floating Rate Notes only - HISTORIC INTEREST RATES 
 
Details of historic [LIBOR/EURIBOR/other] rates can be obtained from [Reuters].] 
 
7. 
[Dual Currency Notes only – PERFORMANCE OF RATE[S] OF EXCHANGE 
 
[Need to include details of where past and future performance and volatility of the 
relevant rate[s] can be obtained [and a clear and comprehensive explanation of how 
the value of the investment is affected by the underlying and the circumstances when 
the risks are most evident.] 
 
8. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
[The Notes may constitute "packaged" products and no KID will be prepared, 
"Applicable" should be specified.] 
9. 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[The Notes may constitute "packaged" products and no KID will be prepared, 
"Applicable" should be specified.] 
 
10. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
ISIN Code: 
[•]  
 
Common Code: 
[•] 
 
New Global Note: 
[Yes][No] 
 
Any clearing system(s) other 
than Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)]

--- Page 140 ---
10223680081-v22 
- 132 - 
70-41030080 
 
and 
Clearstream 
Banking 
société anonyme and the 
relevant 
identification 
number(s): 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
Names and addresses of 
initial Paying Agent(s): 
[•] 
 
Names and addresses of 
additional Paying Agent(s) (if 
any): 
[•] 
 
Intended to be held in a 
manner which would allow 
Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes][No] 
 
 
[Note that designation "yes" simply means that the 
Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with 
one of the ICSDs 9 as common safekeeper [, and 
registered in the name of a nominee of one of the 
ICSDs acting as common safekeeper]10 and does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised as 
eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy 
and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem 
either on issue or subsequently.  Such recognition 
will depend on satisfaction of Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria]11 
[Note that whilst the designation is specified as "no" 
at the date of these Issue Terms, should the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in the 
future such that the Notes are capable of meeting 
them the Notes may then be deposited with one of 
the ICSDs as common safekeeper [(and registered in 
the name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as 
common safekeeper,] 12 . Note that this does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will then be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra day credit operations by 
the Eurosystem at any time during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.] 13 
 
 
9 
International Central Securities Depositories. 
10 To be included for Registered Notes 
11  Include this text if "yes" selected, in which case the Bearer Notes must be issued in NGN form 
12 To be included for Registered Notes 
13 Include this text if "no" selected

--- Page 141 ---
10223680081-v22 
- 133 - 
70-41030080 
 
PART C – COLLATERAL SCHEDULE 
ELIGIBLE COLLATERAL 
(i) 
Cash 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(if Not Applicable, delete the sub-paragraphs below) 
 
(a) 
Eligible Currencies: 
[provide details of the Eligible Currencies in which 
the Issuer can post cash] 
 
(b) 
Valuation 
Percentage(s): 
[•]% 
 
(ii) 
Equity Collateral 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(if Not Applicable, deleted the sub-paragraphs 
below) 
 
(a) 
Criteria: 
Paragraph[s] 2 [•] of the Schedule 8 of the Trust 
Deed are applicable. 
(if paragraph 2(h) is applicable, please insert details 
of the relevant equity interest and the relevant 
eligibility criteria.  Consider whether any additional 
risk factors need to be included in a drawdown 
prospectus) 
(insert details of the applicable Equity Eligibility 
Criteria from the Supplemental Trust Deed e.g. 
whether eligible Equities Securities must be listed, 
whether they must be fully paid etc.) 
 
(b) 
Eligible Indices: 
[Each Eligible Index as defined in Schedule 8 of the 
Trust Deed [other than [list all the non-applicable 
indices] [and including [insert any additional 
indexes]]/ Each Eligible Index as set out below: /Not 
Applicable] 
(When including additional eligible indices are 
included, information regarding the index should be 
included) 
 
(c) 
Valuation 
Percentage(s): 
[•]% 
 
(iii) 
Debt Collateral 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(if Not Applicable, delete the sub-paragraphs below)

--- Page 142 ---
10223680081-v22 
- 134 - 
70-41030080 
 
(a) 
Criteria: 
Paragraph[s] 3 [•] of Schedule 8 of the Trust Deed 
are applicable. 
(if paragraph 3(h) is applicable, please insert details 
of the relevant debt instrument and the relevant 
eligibility criteria.  Consider whether any additional 
risk factors need to be included in a drawdown 
prospectus) 
(insert details of the applicable Debt Eligibility 
Criteria from the Supplemental Trust Deed e.g. 
whether eligible Debt Securities must be listed, 
whether they must be secured etc.) 
 
(b) 
Valuation 
Percentage(s): 
[•]% 
 
(iv) 
ABS Collateral 
[Applicable/ Not Applicable] 
(if Not Applicable, delete the sub-paragraphs below) 
 
(a) 
Criteria: 
Paragraph 4 of Schedule 8 of the Trust Deed is 
applicable 
(insert details of the applicable ABS Eligibility 
Criteria from the Supplemental Trust Deed, 
including any modifications to the standard criteria 
set out in Schedule 8  of the Principal Trust Deed) 
 
(b) 
Valuation 
Percentage(s): 
[•]% 
 
(v) 
EM Collateral 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(if Not Applicable, delete the sub-paragraphs below) 
 
(a) 
Criteria: 
(insert details of the applicable EM Eligibility 
Criteria from the Supplemental Trust Deed.  
Consider whether any additional risk factors or 
disclosure needs to be included in a drawdown 
prospectus) 
 
(b) 
EM Jurisdictions: 
[specify applicable EM Jurisdictions] 
 
(c) 
Valuation 
Percentage(s): 
[•]% 
 
(vi) 
Other Eligible Collateral 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(if Not Applicable, delete the sub-paragraphs below) 
 
(a) 
Criteria: 
Other Eligible Collateral shall meet the following 
criteria:  
 
 
1. 
[insert details of relevant criteria]; 
(When including any Other Eligible Collateral, 
consider whether any additional risk factors or 
disclosure needs to be included in a drawdown 
prospectus)

--- Page 143 ---
10223680081-v22 
- 135 - 
70-41030080 
 
(b) 
Valuation 
Percentage(s): 
[•]% 
 
(vii) 
Other 
general 
criteria 
applicable to the Eligible 
Collateral 
[Not Applicable/ Applicable] 
[Paragraph 7 of Schedule 8 of the Trust Deed is 
applicable.] 
(please specify any amendments to or additions to 
the general criteria specified in paragraph 7 of 
Schedule 8 of the Principal Trust Deed) 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO SUBSTITUTION 
 
(i) 
[insert any applicable Issue 
Terms 
items, 
otherwise 
delete] 
 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO WITHDRAWAL 
 
(i) 
[insert any applicable Issue 
Terms 
items, 
otherwise 
delete]

--- Page 144 ---
10223680081-v22 
- 136 - 
70-41030080 
 
PART D – FORM OF NOTEHOLDER REDEMPTION NOTICE 
BY EMAIL 
To: 
Structured Secured Funding 
Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc (the "Issuer") 
(securedfunding_firm@morganstanley.com)  
Copy to: Put Team 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch (the "Principal Paying Agent") 
(CT_PutOption@bnymellon.com) 
Date: [•] 
Dear Sirs 
MORGAN STANLEY & CO. INTERNATIONAL PLC 
Issue of Series [●] [●] Secured [Fixed/Floating] Rate Notes due [●] with ISIN Code [●] under the Up 
to U.S.$5,000,000,000 Secured Note Programme (the "Notes") 
NOTEHOLDER REDEMPTION NOTICE 
By delivering this duly completed Noteholder Redemption Notice to the Issuer, with a copy to the Principal 
Paying Agent, in relation to the Notes in accordance with Condition 10.6 (Redemption at the Option of 
Noteholders), the undersigned Holder of the principal amount of the Notes specified below hereby exercises 
its option to have such Notes redeemed in accordance with Condition 10.6 (Redemption at the Option of 
Noteholders) on [date]. 
This Noteholder Redemption Notice relates to Note(s) in the aggregate principal amount of [●] [full 
amount] which are credited to [name and number of Euroclear/Clearstream account], such account being 
in the name of "[name of Holder]". 
Yours faithfully 
 
……………………………………………. 
[Name of Holder]

--- Page 145 ---
10223680081-v22 
- 137 - 
70-41030080 
 
THE ELIGIBLE COLLATERAL 
This section of the Base Prospectus entitled "The Eligible Collateral" is an extract of the criteria relating to 
the Eligible Collateral, as set out in Schedule 8 of the Principal Trust Deed. 
The Eligible Collateral in respect of a Series of Notes may consist of the following, or any combination of 
the following, types of assets described below, and any other assets as otherwise specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms. 
1. 
ELIGIBLE CASH 
Cash in any Eligible Currency (as specified in the applicable Issue Terms) may be Eligible 
Collateral. 
2. 
EQUITY ELIGIBILITY CRITERIA 
Equity securities may include any one (or combination) of the following (as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms): 
(a) 
common shares or stock; 
(b) 
preference shares or stock; 
(c) 
convertible common shares or stock; 
(d) 
convertible preference shares or stock; 
(e) 
American depositary receipts ("ADRs"); 
(f) 
global depositary receipts ("GDRs"); 
(g) 
warrants; or 
(h) 
any other type of asset which represents a share of an equity interest in an entity, as further 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
(each type of asset, an "Equity Security" and together, the "Equity Securities"). 
In order to constitute Equity Collateral, the relevant asset (i) must be an Equity Security that is not 
EM Collateral, (ii) may be unlisted or issued by an entity whose share is a component of an Eligible 
Index and (iii) may or may not confer voting rights on the holder thereof. 
The relevant Collateral Schedule will specify the criteria that will determine whether an Equity 
Security constitutes Equity Collateral in respect of a Series of Notes (such criteria, the "Equity 
Eligibility Criteria"). 
In respect of a Series of Notes, an "Eligible Index" means each of the indices listed in Table 1 
(The Eligible Indices) that is specified as an Eligible Index in the applicable Issue Terms and any 
further indices so specified as an "Eligible Index" in such Issue Terms.

--- Page 146 ---
10223680081-v22 
- 138 - 
70-41030080 
 
Table 1 – The Eligible Indices 
Prospective Noteholders requiring any further information in relation to any of component shares or stocks of the Eligible Indices may contact the Issuer. 
Ticker 
Official Name of Index 
Index Sponsor 
AEX INDEX 
AEX-Index 
Euronext 
AMX INDEX 
AMSTERDAM MIDKAP INDEX 
Euronext 
ASE INDEX 
Athens Stock Exchange General Index or Athex Composite 60 
Athens Exchange S.A. 
AS25 INDEX 
S&P/ASX 100  
S&P Dow Jones Indices, a Division of S&P Global 
AS26 INDEX 
S&P/ASX 20  
S&P Dow Jones Indices, a Division of S&P Global  
AS51 INDEX 
S&P/ASX 200 
S&P Dow Jones Indices, a Division of S&P Global 
AS52 INDEX 
S&P/ASX 300 
S&P Dow Jones Indices, a Division of S&P Global 
AS31 INDEX 
S&P/ASX 50 
S&P Dow Jones Indices, a Division of S&P Global 
AS30 INDEX 
S&P/ASX All Ordinaries Index 
S&P Dow Jones Indices, a Division of S&P Global 
FTSEM INDEX 
FTSE/ATHEX Mid Cap Index 
FTSE International Limited; Athens Stock Exchange, S.A. 
FTASE INDEX 
FTSE/Athex Large Cap 
FTSE International Limited; Athens Stock Exchange, S.A. 
ATX INDEX 
Austrian Traded Index in EUR - ATX 
Wiener Borse AG 
ATXPRIME Index 
ATX PRIME INDEX 
Wiener Borse AG 
BEL20 Index 
BEL20 INDEX 
Euronext 
CAC INDEX 
CAC 40 
Euronext 
SBF250 INDEX 
CAC All Tradable Index 
Euronext 
DAX INDEX 
DAX Index 
Deutsche Borse AG 
SXXE INDEX 
EURO STOXX Index 
STOXX Limited 
SX5E INDEX 
EURO STOXX 50 Index 
STOXX Limited 
SX3E INDEX 
EURO STOXX Food & Beverage 
STOXX Limited 
DJI INDEX 
Dow Jones Industrial Average 
S&P Dow Jones Indices, a division of S&P Global  
SX5P INDEX 
STOXX Europe 50 Index 
STOXX Limited 
SXXP INDEX 
STOXX Europe 600 Index 
STOXX Limited 
SXAP INDEX 
STOXX Europe 600 Automobiles & Parts 
STOXX Limited 
SXOP INDEX 
STOXX Europe 600 Construction & Materials 
STOXX Limited 
SX7E INDEX 
EURO STOXX Banks 
STOXX Limited

--- Page 147 ---
10223680081-v22 
- 139 - 
70-41030080 
 
Ticker 
Official Name of Index 
Index Sponsor 
SXPP INDEX 
STOXX Europe 600 Basic Resources 
STOXX Limited 
SX4P INDEX 
STOXX Europe 600 Chemicals 
STOXX Limited 
SXFP INDEX 
STOXX Europe 600 Financial Services 
STOXX Limited 
SX3P INDEX 
STOXX Europe 600 Food & Beverage 
STOXX Limited 
SXDP INDEX 
STOXX Europe 600 Health Care 
STOXX Limited 
SXDE INDEX 
EURO STOXX Health Care 
STOXX Limited 
SXNP INDEX 
STOXX Europe 600 Industrial Goods & Services 
STOXX Limited 
SXIE INDEX 
EURO STOXX Insurance 
STOXX Limited 
SXIP INDEX 
STOXX Europe 600 Insurance 
STOXX Limited 
LCXP INDEX 
STOXX Europe Large 200 
STOXX Limited 
SXMP INDEX 
STOXX Europe 600 Media 
STOXX Limited 
SXME INDEX 
EURO STOXX Media 
STOXX Limited 
MCXP INDEX 
STOX Europe Mid 200 
STOXX Limited 
SXEE INDEX 
EURO STOXX Oil & Gas 
STOXX Limited 
SXQP INDEX 
STOXX Europe 600 Personal & Household Goods 
STOXX Limited 
SXRP INDEX 
STOXX Europe 600 Retail 
STOXX Limited 
SXRE INDEX 
EURO STOXX Retail 
STOXX Limited 
SCXP INDEX 
STOXX Europe Small 200 
STOXX Limited 
SX8P INDEX 
STOXX Europe 600 Technology 
STOXX Limited 
SXKP INDEX 
STOXX Europe 600 Telecommunications 
STOXX Limited 
SXKE INDEX 
EURO STOXX Telecommunications 
STOXX Limited 
SXTP INDEX 
STOXX Europe 600 Travel & Leisure 
STOXX Limited 
SX6P INDEX 
STOXX Europe 600 Utilities 
STOXX Limited 
MCX INDEX 
FTSE 250 Index 
FTSE International Limited  
AXX INDEX 
FTSE AIM All-Share Index 
FTSE International Limited 
ASX INDEX 
FTSE All-Share Index 
FTSE International Limited 
E100 INDEX 
FTSE Eurotop 100 Index 
FTSE International Limited 
E300 INDEX 
FTS Eurofirst 300 INDEX 
FTSE International Limited 
ITLMS INDEX 
FTSE Italia All Share Index 
FTSE International Limited

--- Page 148 ---
10223680081-v22 
- 140 - 
70-41030080 
 
Ticker 
Official Name of Index 
Index Sponsor 
ITMC INDEX 
FTSE Italia Mid Cap Index 
FTSE International Limited 
FTSEMIB INDEX 
FTSE MIB Index 
FTSE International Limited 
SMX INDEX 
FTSE SmallCap Index 
FTSE International Limited 
STI INDEX 
Straits Times Index 
FTSE International Limited; 
the London Stock Exchange Group companies; 
SPH Data Services Pte Ltd; Singapore Press Holdings Ltd; 
Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited 
UKX INDEX 
FTSE 100 Index 
FTSE International Limited 
HSI INDEX 
Hang Seng Index 
Hang Seng Indexes Company Limited 
HSCI INDEX 
Hang Seng Composite Index 
Hang Seng Indexes Company Limited 
HDAX INDEX 
HDAX Index 
Deutsche Borse AG 
IBEX INDEX 
IBEX 35 
Sociedad de Bolsas, S.A. 
JSDA INDEX 
JASDAQ INDEX 
Tokyo Stock Exchange, Inc. 
MDAX INDEX 
MDAX Index 
Deutsche Borse AG 
INMEX INDEX 
Mexican Stock Exchange INMEX Index 
Bolsa Mexicana de Valores, S.A.B. de C.V. 
MEXBOL INDEX 
Mexican Stock Exchange IPC Index 
Bolsa Mexicana de Valores, S.A.B. de C.V. 
MID INDEX 
S&P MidCap 400  
S&P Dow Jones Indices, a Division of S&P Global 
NDX INDEX 
NASDAQ 100 Index 
The NASDAQ OMX Group, Inc. 
NKY INDEX 
Nikkei 225 Index 
Nikkei, Inc. 
NEY INDEX 
Nikkei 300 Index 
Nikkei, Inc. 
NIFTY INDEX 
NIFTY 50 Index 
NSE Indices Limited 
NYA INDEX 
New York Stock Exchange Composite Index 
NYSE 
OBX INDEX 
OBX Total Return Index 
Oslo Bors ASA, a subsidiary of Oslo Bors VPS Holding ASA 
KFX INDEX 
OMX Copenhagen 20 Index 
The NASDAQ OMX Group, Inc. 
HEX 25 INDEX 
OMX Helsinki 25 Index 
The NASDAQ OMX Group, Inc. 
HEX INDEX 
OMX Helsinki All-Share Index 
The NASDAQ OMX Group, Inc. 
OMX INDEX 
OMX Stockholm 30 Index 
The NASDAQ OMX Group, Inc. 
SBX INDEX 
OMX Stockholm Benchmark Index 
The NASDAQ OMX Group, Inc.

--- Page 149 ---
10223680081-v22 
- 141 - 
70-41030080 
 
Ticker 
Official Name of Index 
Index Sponsor 
SAX INDEX 
OMX Stockholm Index 
The NASDAQ OMX Group, Inc. 
OSEAX INDEX 
Oslo Stock Exchange All Share Index 
Oslo Bors ASA, a subsidiary of Oslo Bors VPS Holding ASA 
PSI20 INDEX 
PSI 20 Index 
Euronext 
RIY INDEX 
Russell 1000 Index 
FTSE Russell 
RTY INDEX 
Russell 2000 Index 
FTSE Russell 
OEX INDEX 
S&P Global 100 Index 
S&P Dow Jones Indices, a Division of S&P Global. 
SPX INDEX 
S&P 500 Index 
S&P Dow Jones Indices, a Division of S&P Global 
SML INDEX 
S&P SmallCap 600 Index 
S&P Dow Jones Indices, a Division of S&P Global 
SPTSX60 INDEX 
S&P/TSX 60 
S&P Dow Jones Indices, a Division of S&P Global 
SPTSX INDEX 
S&P/TSX Composite 
S&P Dow Jones Indices, a Division of S&P Global 
SBF120 INDEX 
SBF 120 Index 
Euronext 
SPI INDEX 
Swiss Performance Index 
SIX Swiss Exchange Ltd. 
SMI INDEX 
Swiss Market Index 
SIX Swiss Exchange Ltd. 
TPX INDEX 
TOPIX 
Tokyo Stock Exchange Group, Inc 
TPXC30 INDEX 
TOPIX Core 30 
Tokyo Stock Exchange Group, Inc 
TPXL70 INDEX 
TOPIX Large 70 
Tokyo Stock Exchange Group, Inc 
TPXM400 INDEX 
TOPIX Mid400 
Tokyo Stock Exchange Group, Inc 
TPXPSML INDEX 
TOPIX Small 
Tokyo Stock Exchange Group, Inc 
TPX100 INDEX 
TOPIX 100 
Tokyo Stock Exchange Group, Inc 
TPX500 INDEX 
TOPIX 500 
Tokyo Stock Exchange Group, Inc 
TSEMOTHR INDEX 
Tokyo Stock Exchange Mothers Core Index 
Tokyo Stock Exchange Group, Inc 
TDXP INDEX  
TECDAX (PR) EUR 
Deutsche Borse AG

--- Page 150 ---
10223680081-v22 
- 142- 
70-41030080 
(Q) 
 
3. 
DEBT ELIGIBILITY CRITERIA 
Debt securities may include any one (or combination) of the following (as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms): 
(a) 
bonds, notes, commercial paper, deposits or certificates issued by a corporate, bank or 
other financial institution, government, governmental agency, municipal entity or 
supranational entity whose interest and/or principal payments may be linked to the 
performance of any underlying factor ("Linked Notes"); 
(b) 
bonds, notes, commercial paper, deposits or certificates issued by a corporate, bank or 
other financial institution whose interest and/or principal payments may be linked to the 
creditworthiness of a single reference entity or a basket of reference entities ("Credit 
Linked Notes"); 
(c) 
bonds or notes linked to the issuer's participation in a portion of one or more outstanding 
commercial loans ("Loan Participation Notes"); 
(d) 
bonds (i) convertible, at the option of the holder or otherwise, into shares in the issuing 
company ("Convertible Bonds") or (ii) exchangeable, at the option of the holder or 
otherwise, into shares in another specified company ("Exchangeable Bonds"); 
(e) 
bonds issued by a bank or institution that provides recourse to the issuing entity's assets as 
well as to a pool of mortgages or public sector assets protected from the insolvency of the 
issuing institution ("Covered Bonds"); 
(f) 
Covered Bonds issued by a German mortgage bank or public sector bank ("Pfandbriefe"); 
or 
(g) 
bonds, notes, commercial paper, deposits or certificates issued by a corporate, bank or 
other financial institution, government, governmental agency, municipal entity or 
supranational entity bearing a fixed or floating rate of interest, having a principal 
repayment obligation equal to the face amount of such bond, note, commercial paper, 
deposit or certificate and which are not Linked Notes, Credit Linked Notes, Loan 
Participation Notes, Convertible Bonds, Exchangeable Bonds, Covered Bonds or 
Pfandbriefe ("Vanilla Debt Securities"); or 
(h) 
any other type of debt instrument, as further specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
(each type of asset, a "Debt Security" and together, the "Debt Securities"). 
In order to constitute Debt Collateral, the relevant asset (i) must be a Debt Security that is not EM 
Collateral, (ii) may not be an Asset Backed Security, (iii) may be unlisted or listed and (iv) may be 
secured or unsecured. 
The relevant Collateral Schedule will specify the criteria that will determine whether a Debt 
Security constitutes Debt Collateral in respect of a Series of Notes (such criteria, the "Debt 
Eligibility Criteria"). 
4. 
ABS ELIGIBILITY CRITERIA 
Asset backed securities may include any one (or combination) of the following types of assets (as 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms): 
Any Debt Security which has the following characteristics: 
(a) 
the timing and/or amount of payments of interest and/or repayment of principal depend on 
the cash flow from a financial asset or a pool of financial assets; or 
(b) 
payments of interest and/or repayment of principal are linked, directly or indirectly, to the 
credit of one or more obligors and/or value and/or price performance and/or cash flow of 
a financial asset or a pool of financial assets,

--- Page 151 ---
10223680081-v22 
- 143 - 
70-41030080 
 
and, in each case, by its terms may pay an amount in cash to its holder within a finite time period, 
and/or with such other rights or assets designed to assure the servicing or timely distribution of 
proceeds to holders of such Debt Security, (each type of asset, an "Asset Backed Security" and 
together, the "Asset Backed Securities"). 
In order to constitute ABS Collateral, the relevant asset (i) must be an Asset Backed Security that 
is not EM Collateral and (ii) may be unlisted or listed. 
The relevant Collateral Schedule will specify the criteria that will determine whether an Asset 
Backed Security constitutes ABS Collateral in respect of a Series of Notes (such criteria, the "ABS 
Eligibility Criteria"). 
5. 
EM ELIGIBILITY CRITERIA 
EM Collateral may be either Equity Securities, Debt Securities or Asset Backed Securities or any 
combination thereof (as specified in the applicable Issue Terms) issued by an entity incorporated 
or otherwise constituted under the laws of any of the Republic of Hungary, the Republic of Poland 
or any other jurisdiction as specified in the applicable Issue Terms (the "EM Jurisdictions"). 
The relevant Collateral Schedule will specify the criteria that will determine whether an Equity 
Security, a Debt Security or an Asset Backed Security constitutes EM Collateral in respect of a 
Series of Notes (such criteria, the "EM Eligibility Criteria"). 
6. 
OTHER ELIGIBLE COLLATERAL 
The relevant Collateral Schedule in respect of a Series of Notes may specify any other type of asset 
as Eligible Collateral and, if relevant, will specify the relevant eligibility criteria to be applied in 
determining whether such asset will constitute Eligible Collateral in respect of a Series of Notes. 
7. 
GENERAL CRITERIA APPLYING TO ALL TYPES OF ELIGIBLE COLLATERAL 
No Eligible Collateral may be a Defaulted Security. 
A "Defaulted Security" is: 
(a) 
in relation to an Equity Security, an Equity Security whose Value is equal to or less than 
zero, as determined by the Debt and Equity Collateral Verification Agent or in the case of 
an Equity Security that is EM Collateral, the relevant EM Collateral Verification Agent; 
or 
(b) 
in relation to a Debt Security or an Asset Backed Security, a Debt Security or Asset Backed 
Security (as the case may be): 
(i) 
whose Value is equal to or less than zero, as determined by (A) the Debt and 
Equity Collateral Verification Agent (in the case of a Debt Security), (B) the ABS 
Collateral Verification Agent (in the case of an Asset Backed Security) or (C) the 
relevant EM Collateral Verification Agent (in the case of a Debt Security or an 
Asset Backed Security that is EM Collateral); or 
(ii) 
where the payment obligations in relation to such Debt Security or Asset Backed 
Security (as the case may be) have been accelerated or are capable of being 
accelerated and/or any security associated with such Debt Security or Asset 
Backed Security (as the case may be) has been enforced by or on behalf of any 
holders of such Debt Security or Asset Backed Security (as the case may be), as 
determined by the relevant Collateral Verification Agent; or 
(c) 
in relation to any other Eligible Collateral, as defined in the applicable Issue Terms. 
In addition, there must be no restrictions on such Eligible Collateral being assigned or transferred 
by the Issuer to the Trustee and neither the Trustee nor the Custodian shall be required to obtain 
any further authorisations, consents, approvals or filings under the applicable law in order to hold 
such Eligible Collateral.

--- Page 152 ---
10223680081-v22 
- 144 - 
70-41030080 
 
FORMS OF NOTES 
The Issuer may issue Notes in bearer form ("Bearer Notes") if it has been determined that such Notes 
should be classified as being in registered form for U.S. Federal income tax purposes and in registered form 
("Registered Notes").  Bearer Notes may be in either definitive form or global form.  Notes in definitive 
bearer form will be serially numbered.  Registered Notes may be in either individual certificate form or 
global certificate form. 
Bearer Notes 
Unless otherwise specified in the Conditions or the applicable Issue Terms, each issuance of Bearer Notes 
having a maturity of more than 183 days (and any Tranche thereof) will initially be in the form of a 
temporary global note in bearer form (a "Temporary Global Note"), without interest coupons.  Each 
Temporary Global Note will be deposited on or around the issue date of such Notes (or any Tranche thereof) 
either: 
(a) 
if the Temporary Global Note is intended to be issued in New Global Note ("NGN") form, as stated 
in the applicable Issue Terms, with a common safekeeper (the "Common Safekeeper") for 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg; and 
(b) 
if the Temporary Global Note is not intended to be issued in NGN form, with a depositary or a 
common depositary (together with a "Common Safekeeper", a "Bearer Note Depositary") for 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system. 
Upon deposit of each Temporary Global Note, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or, as applicable, 
any other relevant clearing system, will credit each subscriber with a principal amount of Notes equal to 
the principal amount for which it has subscribed and paid. 
The interests of the beneficial owner or owners in a Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable, in whole 
or in part, for interests in a permanent global note in bearer form (a "Permanent Global Note" and, together 
with a Temporary Global Note, the "Global Notes"), without interest coupons, to be held by a Bearer Note 
Depositary from the date (the "Exchange Date") that is 40 days after the date on which the Issuer receives 
the proceeds of the sale of that Note (or the relevant Tranche thereof) (the "Closing Date"). Each issuance 
of Notes having a maturity of 183 days or less will be in the form of a Permanent Global Note. 
Whenever any interest in the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for an interest in a Permanent 
Global Note, the Issuer shall procure (in the case of the first exchange) the prompt delivery (free of charge 
to the bearer) of such Permanent Global Note, duly authenticated, to the bearer of the Temporary Global 
Note or (in the case of any subsequent exchange) an increase in the principal amount of the Permanent 
Global Note in accordance with its terms against presentation and (in the case of final exchange) surrender 
of the Temporary Global Note at the Specified Office of the Principal Paying Agent within seven days of 
the bearer requesting such exchange. 
The principal amount of the Permanent Global Note shall be equal to the aggregate of the principal amounts 
of the Temporary Global Note presented; provided, however, that in no circumstances shall the principal 
amount of the Permanent Global Note exceed the initial principal amount of the Temporary Global Note. 
The Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Bearer Notes in definitive 
form ("Definitive Notes"), which will be serially numbered, with coupons, if any, attached (i) on the expiry 
of such period of notice as may be specified in the applicable Issue Terms, (ii) at any time, if so specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, or (iii) if the applicable Issuer Terms specify "in the limited circumstances 
described in the Permanent Global Note", then if (a) Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other 
relevant clearing system is closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of 
legal holidays) or announces an intention permanently to cease business or (b) any of the circumstances 
described in Condition 14 (Events of Default) occurs. 
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the 
prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with 
Coupons (as defined in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" below) and Talons attached (if so specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of the 
Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Permanent Global Note against the surrender of the Permanent 
Global Note at the Specified Office the Principal Paying Agent within 30 days of the bearer requesting such

--- Page 153 ---
10223680081-v22 
- 145 - 
70-41030080 
 
exchange.  The Bearer Note Depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or, as applicable, any 
other relevant clearing system will instruct the Principal Paying Agent regarding the aggregate principal 
amount and denominations of Definitive Notes that must be authenticated and delivered to each of 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or, as applicable, any other relevant clearing system.  Definitive 
Notes may not be delivered in the United States.  Definitive Notes will be serially numbered. 
Terms and Conditions Applicable to the Bearer Notes 
The terms and conditions of any Definitive Note will be endorsed on that Definitive Note and will consist 
of the terms and conditions set out under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" as set out above (or in the 
relevant Supplemental Base Prospectus) and the provisions of the applicable Issue Terms, which 
supplement, amend and/or replace those terms and conditions. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Note in global form will differ from those terms and conditions 
which would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under "Summary of 
Provisions Relating to the Notes while in Global Form" below. 
Registered Notes 
Registered Notes will be in the form of either individual Note Certificates in registered form ("Individual 
Note Certificates") or a global Note in registered form (a "Global Note Certificate"), in each case as 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms.  Each Global Note Certificate will either be: (a) in the case of a 
Registered Note which is not to be held under the new safekeeping structure ("New Safekeeping 
Structure" or "NSS"), registered in the name of a common depositary (or its nominee) for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and the relevant Global Note 
Certificate will be deposited on or about the issue date with the common depositary and will be 
exchangeable in accordance with its terms; or (b) in the case of a Registered Note to be held under the New 
Safekeeping Structure, be registered in the name of a common safekeeper (or its nominee) for Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and the relevant Global Note 
Certificate will be deposited on or about the issue date with the common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and will be exchangeable for Individual Note Certificates in accordance with its 
terms. 
If the applicable Issue Terms specify the form of Notes as being "Individual Note Certificates", then the 
Notes will at all times be in the form of Individual Note Certificates issued to each Noteholder in respect 
of their respective holdings. 
If the applicable Issue Terms specify the form of Notes as being "Global Note Certificate exchangeable for 
Individual Note Certificates", then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Global Note Certificate which 
will be exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Individual Note Certificates: 
(a) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the applicable Issue Terms; or 
(b) 
at any time, if so specified in the applicable Issue Terms; or 
(c) 
if the applicable Issue Terms specify "in the limited circumstances described in the Global Note 
Certificate", then if (a) Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing 
system is closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal 
holidays) or announces an intention permanently to cease business or (b) any of the circumstances 
described in Condition 14 (Events of Default) occurs. 
Whenever the Global Note Certificate is to be exchanged for Individual Note Certificates, the Issuer shall 
procure that Individual Note Certificates will be issued in an aggregate principal amount equal to the 
principal amount of the Global Note Certificate within five business days of the delivery, by or on behalf 
of the registered holder of the Global Note Certificate to the Registrar of such information as is required to 
complete and deliver such Individual Note Certificates (including, without limitation, the names and 
addresses of the persons in whose names the Individual Note Certificates are to be registered and the 
principal amount of each such person's holding) against the surrender of the Global Note Certificate at the 
specified office of the Registrar. 
Such exchange will be effected in accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement and the 
regulations concerning the transfer and registration of Notes scheduled thereto and, in particular, shall be

--- Page 154 ---
10223680081-v22 
- 146 - 
70-41030080 
 
effected without charge to any holder, but against such indemnity as the Registrar may require in respect 
of any tax or other duty of whatsoever nature which may be levied or imposed in connection with such 
exchange. 
Terms and Conditions applicable to the Registered Notes 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Individual Note Certificate will be endorsed on that Individual 
Note Certificate and will consist of the terms and conditions set out under "Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes" above and the provisions of the applicable Issue Terms which supplement, amend and/or replace 
those terms and conditions. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Global Note Certificate will differ from those terms and 
conditions which would apply to the Note were it in individual form to the extent described under "Summary 
of Provisions Relating to the Notes while in Global Form" below.

--- Page 155 ---
10223680081-v22 
- 147 - 
70-41030080 
 
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM 
Clearing System Accountholders 
In relation to any Bearer Notes (or any Tranche thereof) represented by a Global Note, references in the 
"Terms and Conditions of the Notes" to "Noteholder" are references to the bearer of the relevant Global 
Note which, for so long as the Global Note is held by a Bearer Note Depositary, in the case of a CGN, or a 
common safekeeper, in the case of an NGN for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any 
other relevant clearing system, will be that Bearer Note Depositary or, as the case may be, the common 
safekeeper. 
In relation to any Registered Notes (or any Tranche thereof) represented by a Global Note Certificate, 
references in the "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" to "Noteholder" are references to the person in whose 
name such Global Note Certificate is for the time being registered in the Register which, for so long as the 
Global Note Certificate is held by or on behalf of a depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system, will be that depositary or common 
depositary or a nominee for that depositary or common depositary. 
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other 
relevant clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Global Note or a Global Note Certificate (each 
an "Accountholder") must look solely to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or such other 
relevant clearing system (as the case may be) for such Accountholder's share of each payment made by the 
Issuer to the holder of such Global Note or Global Note Certificate and in relation to all other rights arising 
under such Global Note or Global Note Certificate, including any right to exchange any exchangeable Notes 
or any right to require the Issuer to repurchase such Notes.  The respective rules and procedures of Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg and any other relevant clearing system from time to time will determine the 
extent to which, and the manner in which, Accountholders may exercise any rights arising under the Global 
Note or Global Note Certificate and the timing requirements for meeting any deadlines for the exercise of 
those rights.  For so long as the relevant Notes are represented by a Global Note or Global Note Certificate, 
Accountholders shall have no claim directly against the Issuer in respect of payments due under the Notes 
and such obligations of the Issuer will be discharged by payment to the holder of such Global Note or 
Global Note Certificate. 
Conditions Applicable to Global Notes and the Global Note Certificates 
Each Global Note and Global Note Certificate will contain provisions which modify the terms and 
conditions set out in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" as they apply to the Global Note or Global Note 
Certificate.  The following is a summary of certain of those provisions: 
Payments:  All payments in respect of the Global Note or Global Note Certificate which, according to the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes (except in the case of Global Notes in NGN form), require presentation 
and/or surrender of a Note, Note Certificate or Coupon will be made against presentation and (in the case 
of payment of principal in full with all interest accrued thereon) surrender of the Global Note or the Global 
Note Certificate at the Specified Office or to the order of any paying agent and will be effective to satisfy 
and discharge the corresponding liabilities of the Issuer in respect of the Notes.  On each occasion on which 
a payment of principal or interest is made in respect of the Global Note, the Issuer shall procure that in 
respect of a CGN the same is noted in a schedule thereto and in respect of an NGN the payment is entered 
pro rata in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg.  For the purposes of any payments in 
respect of a Global Notes or a Global Note Certificate, notwithstanding Condition 2 (Interpretation), the 
definition of "Payment Business Day" shall be amended as follows: 
""Payment Business Day" means: 
(a) 
if the currency of payment is euro, any day which is a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on 
which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in each (if any) Additional Business Centre; 
or 
(b) 
if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is a day on which dealings in foreign 
currencies may be carried on in the Principal Financial Centre of the currency of payment and in 
each (if any) Additional Business Centre;".

--- Page 156 ---
10223680081-v22 
- 148 - 
70-41030080 
 
Exercise of Put Option:  In order to exercise the Noteholder's put option set out in Condition 10.6 
(Redemption at the Option of Noteholders) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, the bearer of the 
Permanent Global Note or the holder of a Global Note Certificate must, within the period specified therein 
for the deposit of the relevant Note and put notice, give written notice of such exercise to the Principal 
Paying Agent and/or such other person as is specified in the applicable Issue Terms specifying the principal 
amount of Notes in respect of which such option is being exercised.  Any such notice will be irrevocable 
and may not be withdrawn. 
Partial Exercise of Call Option:  In connection with an exercise of the option contained in Condition 10.4 
(Redemption at the Option of the Issuer) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes in relation to some but 
not all of the Notes, the Permanent Global Note or Global Note Certificate may be redeemed in part in the 
principal amount specified by the Issuer in accordance with the Conditions and the Notes to be redeemed 
will not be selected as provided in the Conditions but in accordance with the rules and procedures of 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in principal amount, at their discretion). 
Notices:  Notwithstanding Condition 22 (Notices) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes while all the 
Notes are represented by a Permanent Global Note (or by a Permanent Global Note and/or a Temporary 
Global Note) or Global Note Certificate and the Permanent Global Note is (or the Permanent Global Note 
and the Temporary Global Note are), or Global Note Certificate is, deposited with a Bearer Note Depositary 
or a common depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing 
system or a common safekeeper, notices to Noteholders may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and, in any case, such 
notices shall be deemed to have been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 22 (Notices) 
of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, on the date of delivery to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system, except that, for so long as the Notes are listed on 
any stock exchange or are admitted to trading by another relevant authority, any notice to Noteholders shall 
be published in accordance with the rules and regulations of each such stock exchange or other relevant 
authority. 
Redenomination:  If the Notes are redenominated pursuant to Condition 26 (Redenomination, 
Renominalisation and Reconventioning) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes then following 
redenomination: 
(a) 
if Definitive Notes are required to be issued, they shall be issued at the expense of the Issuer in the 
denominations of euro 0.01, euro 1,000, euro 10,000, euro 100,000 and such other denominations 
as the relevant Principal Paying Agent shall determine and notify to the Noteholders; and 
(b) 
the amount of interest due in respect of Notes represented by a Permanent Global Note and/or a 
Temporary Global Note will be calculated by reference to the aggregate principal amount of such 
Notes and the amount of such payment shall be rounded down to the nearest euro 0.01. 
Registered Notes 
Notwithstanding Condition 12 (Payments – Registered Notes), each payment in respect of any Global Note 
Certificate shall be made to the person shown in the Register as the registered holder of the Notes 
represented by such Global Note Certificate at the close of business (in the relevant clearing system) on the 
Clearing System Business Day before the due date for such payment (the "Record Date") where the 
"Clearing System Business Day" means a day on which each clearing system for which the Global Note 
Certificate is being held is open for business.

--- Page 157 ---
10223680081-v22 
- 149 - 
70-41030080 
 
BENEFIT PLAN INVESTORS 
The Notes may not be acquired or held by, or acquired with the assets of, any employee benefit plan subject 
to Title I of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended ("ERISA"), or any 
individual retirement account or plan subject to Section 4975 of the Code or any entity whose underlying 
assets include "plan assets" within the meaning of Section 3(42) of ERISA by reason of any such employee 
benefit plan's account's or plan's investment therein. 
The Global Notes and the Definitive Notes will bear a legend to the following effect: 
THE INVESTOR SHALL BE DEEMED TO REPRESENT BY ITS ACQUISITION AND HOLDING OF 
AN INTEREST HEREIN THAT IT IS NOT ACQUIRING THE NOTES WITH THE ASSETS OF ANY 
EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN SUBJECT TO TITLE I OF THE THE UNITED STATES EMPLOYEE 
RETIREMENT INCOME SECURITY ACT OF 1974, AS AMENDED ("ERISA"), ANY INDIVIDUAL 
RETIREMENT ACCOUNT OR PLAN SUBJECT TO SECTION 4975 OF THE UNITED STATES 
INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, OR ANY ENTITY WHOSE UNDERLYING ASSETS 
INCLUDE "PLAN ASSETS" WITHIN THE MEANING OF SECTION 3(42) OF ERISA BY REASON 
OF ANY SUCH EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN'S OR PLAN'S INVESTMENT THEREIN.

--- Page 158 ---
10223680081-v22 
- 150 - 
70-41030080 
 
UNITED KINGDOM TAXATION 
The following is a summary of the United Kingdom withholding taxation treatment at the date hereof in 
relation to payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes. The comments do not deal with other 
United Kingdom tax aspects of acquiring, holding, disposing of, or abandoning Notes. Transactions 
involving Notes, including the issue and subscription of Notes, any purchase or disposal or settlement of 
Notes, may have United Kingdom tax consequences for potential purchasers (including but not limited to, 
transfer taxes and possible withholding or deduction for or on account of United Kingdom tax from 
payments made in respect of the Notes).  The tax consequences may depend, amongst other things, on the 
status of the potential investor and the terms and conditions of a particular Note as specified in the Issue 
Terms. It is based on current United Kingdom tax law as applied in England and Wales and published 
practice of HM Revenue and Customs ("HMRC") (which may not be binding on HMRC), which may be 
subject to change, sometimes with retrospective effect. The comments relate only to the position of persons 
who are absolute beneficial owners of the Notes.  Prospective Noteholders should be aware that the 
particular terms of issue of any series of Notes as specified in the applicable Issue Terms may affect the tax 
treatment of that and other series of Notes.  The following is a general guide and should be treated with 
appropriate caution. It is not intended as tax advice and it does not purport to describe all of the tax 
considerations that may be relevant to a prospective purchaser. Prospective Noteholders who are in any 
doubt as to their tax position should consult their professional advisors about the tax implications of 
purchasing and holding a Note, any transaction involving a Note, and any transaction involved in the 
exercise and settlement of a Note.  Noteholders who may be liable to taxation in jurisdictions other than 
the United Kingdom are particularly advised to consult their professional advisors as to whether they are 
so liable (and if so under the laws of which jurisdictions), since the following comments relate only to 
certain United Kingdom withholding taxation aspects of payments in respect of the Notes.  In particular, 
Noteholders should be aware that the tax legislation of any jurisdiction where they are resident or otherwise 
subject to taxation (as well as any jurisdictions discussed herein) may have an impact on the tax 
consequences of an investment in the Notes (including in respect of any income received from the Notes) 
and, in particular, that they may be liable to taxation under the laws of other jurisdictions in relation to 
payments in respect of the Notes even if such payments may be made without withholding or deduction for 
or on account of taxation under the laws of the United Kingdom. 
A. 
Notes - UK Withholding Tax on Interest Payments by the Issuer 
UK Notes listed on a recognised stock exchange 
1. 
Interest on Notes issued for a term of less than one year (and which are not issued under 
arrangements the effect of which is to render the Notes part of a borrowing with a total term of one 
year or more) may be paid by the Issuer without withholding or deduction for or on account of 
United Kingdom income tax. Interest on Notes issued for a term of one year or more (or under 
arrangements the effect of which is to render the Notes part of a borrowing with a total term of one 
year or more) may be paid by the Issuer without withholding or deduction for or on account of 
United Kingdom income tax except in circumstances where such interest has a United Kingdom 
source. The location of the source of a payment is a complex matter. It is necessary to have regard 
to case law and HMRC practice which indicates that in determining the source of interest all 
relevant factors must be taken into account. HMRC has indicated that the most important factors 
in determining the source of a payment are those which influence where a creditor would sue for 
payment and has stated that the place where the Issuer does business and the place where its assets 
are located are relevant factors in this regard; however, HMRC has also indicated that, depending 
on the circumstances, other relevant factors may include the place of performance of the contract, 
the method of payment, the proper law of contract, the competent jurisdiction for any legal action, 
and the location of any security for the debt, although other factors may also be relevant. Interest 
which has a United Kingdom source ("UK interest") may be paid by the Issuer without 
withholding or deduction for or on account of United Kingdom income tax if the Notes in respect 
of which the UK interest is paid constitute "quoted Eurobonds". The Notes issued by the Issuer 
which carry a right to interest ("UK Notes") will constitute "quoted Eurobonds" provided they are 
and continue to be listed on a "recognised stock exchange" within the meaning of section 1005 
Income Tax Act 2007 or are admitted to trading on a multilateral trading facility operated by a 
European Economic Area-regulated recognised stock exchange within the meaning of section 987 
Income Tax act 2007. Notes will be regarded as "listed on a recognised stock exchange" for this 
purpose if they are admitted to trading on an exchange designated as a recognised stock exchange 
by an order made by the Commissioners for HMRC and either they are included in the United

--- Page 159 ---
10223680081-v22 
- 151 - 
70-41030080 
 
Kingdom's official list (within the meaning of Part 6 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 
2000) or they are officially listed in a country outside the United Kingdom in which there is a 
recognised stock exchange in accordance with provisions corresponding to those generally 
applicable in European Economic Area states 
2. 
Euronext Dublin is a "recognised stock exchange". The Issuer's understanding of current HMRC 
practice is that securities which are officially listed and admitted to trading on the main market of 
that Exchange may be regarded as "listed on a recognised stock exchange" for these purposes. 
All UK Notes 
3. 
If the Notes do not constitute "quoted Eurobonds", payments of interest on the Notes may still be 
made without withholding or deduction for or on account of United Kingdom income tax, provided 
that the Issuer is and continues to be authorised for the purposes of the Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000 and its business is and continues to consist wholly or mainly of dealing in 
financial instruments (within the meaning of section 885 of the Income Tax Act 2007) as principal 
and that such payments are made in the ordinary course of that business.  
4. 
In all other cases, UK interest on the Notes may fall to be paid under deduction of United Kingdom 
income tax at the basic rate (currently 20 per cent.) subject to such relief as may be available 
following a direction or to any other relief which may apply. 
B. 
Other Rules Relating to United Kingdom Withholding Tax 
1. 
Notes may be issued at an issue price of less than 100 per cent. of their principal amount. Whether 
any discount element on such Notes will be subject to any United Kingdom withholding tax 
pursuant to the provisions mentioned above, will depend on the precise terms of the Notes. 
2. 
Where Notes are to be, or may fall to be, redeemed at a premium, as opposed to being issued at a 
discount, then any such element of premium may constitute a payment of interest.   Payments of 
interest are subject to United Kingdom withholding tax and reporting requirements as outlined 
above. 
3. 
Where interest has been paid under deduction of United Kingdom income tax, Noteholders who 
are not resident in the United Kingdom may be able to recover all or part of the tax deducted if 
there is an appropriate provision in any applicable double taxation treaty. 
4. 
The references to "interest" above mean amounts that are treated as "interest" for the purposes of 
United Kingdom tax law.  The statements above do not take any account of any different definitions 
of "interest" or "principal" which may prevail under any other law or which may be created by the 
terms and conditions of the Notes or any related documentation. Where a payment on a Note does 
not constitute (or is not treated as) interest for United Kingdom tax purposes, and the payment has 
a United Kingdom source, it would potentially be subject to United Kingdom withholding tax if, 
for example, it constitutes (or is treated as) an annual payment or a manufactured payment, rent or 
royalties for United Kingdom tax purposes.  Where a payment is subject to United Kingdom 
withholding tax, depending on the nature of the payment (which will be determined by, amongst 
other things, the terms and conditions specified by the Issue Terms of the Note), the payment may 
fall to be made under deduction of United Kingdom tax (the rate of withholding depending on the 
nature of the payment), subject to any exemption from withholding which may apply and to such 
relief as may be available under the provisions of any applicable double tax treaty.

--- Page 160 ---
10223680081-v22 
- 152 - 
70-41030080 
 
UNITED STATES FEDERAL TAXATION 
U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance Withholding 
The Issuer and other financial institutions through which payments on the Notes are made may be required 
to withhold at a rate of 30% on all, or a portion of, payments made on or with respect to Notes pursuant to 
Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, the regulations thereunder and pursuant to agreements with the 
United States regarding these rules (commonly referred to as "FATCA"). This withholding is scheduled to 
begin no earlier than the second anniversary of the date on which final regulations defining the term "foreign 
passthru payments" are published in the U.S. Federal Register. 
FATCA withholding should not apply to Notes that are considered to be "grandfathered obligations" under 
FATCA. Notes that are not classified as obligations for purposes of FATCA will not be classified as 
grandfathered obligations. Notes that are classified as obligations for purposes of FATCA will generally be 
grandfathered obligations so long as they are issued before (and not materially modified on or after) the 
date that is six months after final regulations defining "foreign passthru payments" are filed with the U.S. 
Federal Register.  
For Notes that are not grandfathered obligations, withholding may be triggered if: (i) an investor does not 
provide information sufficient for the relevant withholding agent to determine whether the investor is a 
U.S. person or should otherwise be treated as holding a "United States Account" under FATCA, (ii) an 
investor does not consent, where necessary, to have its information disclosed to the IRS or (iii) any "foreign 
financial institution (or "FFI") that is an investor, or through which payment on the Notes is made, is not 
exempt from being withheld upon under FATCA. 
The United States has entered into intergovernmental agreements to facilitate the implementation of 
FATCA ("IGAs") with a number of jurisdictions, including the United Kingdom. Generally, FFIs in an 
IGA jurisdiction are not subject to FATCA withholding, and payments made by FFIs in certain IGA 
jurisdictions would not be treated as foreign passthru payments. 
If an amount in respect of FATCA were to be deducted or withheld from payments on or with respect to 
the Notes, the Issuer shall not be required to pay any additional amounts or otherwise indemnify any person 
with respect to amounts so withheld 
FATCA is particularly complex and significant aspects of its application to the Notes is uncertain at this 
time. The application of FATCA to Notes may be addressed, in the case of an Exempt Offer only, in the 
relevant Issue Terms or otherwise in a Supplement to the Base Prospectus, as applicable. Prospective 
investors should consult their own tax advisors about the application of FATCA, in particular if they may 
be classified as financial institutions under FATCA.

--- Page 161 ---
10223680081-v22 
- 153 - 
70-41030080 
 
PROPOSED FINANCIAL TRANSACTION TAX 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the "Commission's Proposal") for 
a directive for a common financial transactions tax (the "FTT") in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, 
Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (the "participating Member States"). 
However, Estonia has since stated that it will not participate. 
The Commission's Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in the 
Securities (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. Primary market transactions 
referred to in Article 5(c) of Regulation (EC) No 1287/2006 are expected to be exempt. 
Under the Commission's Proposal the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and 
outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the Program 
Securities where at least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a 
participating Member State. A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, "established" in a 
participating Member State in a broad range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person 
established in a participating Member State; or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the 
dealings is issued in a participating Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between the participating Member States. It may 
therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional EU 
Member States may decide to participate. Prospective holders of the Program Securities are advised to seek 
their own professional advice in relation to the FTT. 
If, on or after the Trade Date, due to the implementation of the proposed Financial Transaction Tax or 
otherwise by the adoption of or any change in any applicable law or regulation (including, without 
limitation, any law or regulation implementing a system of financial transaction tax in any jurisdiction, 
including the European Union, relating to any tax payable in respect of the transfer of, or entry into or 
modification or unwind of, any financial instruments), the Issuer determines that it (directly or through an 
Affiliate) would incur or has incurred a materially increased amount of tax, transfer tax, duty, stamp duty, 
stamp duty reserve tax, expense or fee (other than brokerage commissions) in relation to its obligations 
under the Program Securities or its related hedge positions ("Additional Tax"), the Issuer may (if the 
Conditions of the Program Securities so allow) adjust the Conditions of the Program Securities to reduce 
the amount otherwise payable under the Program Securities to holders of such securities in order to pass on 
to the holders of such securities the full amount of such Additional Tax incurred by the Issuer directly or 
through such Affiliate.

--- Page 162 ---
10223680081-v22 
- 154 - 
70-41030080 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE  
MSI plc is offering the Notes on a continuing basis (in such capacity, the "Dealer"), and through any dealer 
that has agreed to subscribe and/or distribute any Tranche of Notes (together with the Dealer, the 
"Dealers"), who will use, or will agree to use, reasonable efforts to solicit offers to purchase the Notes.  
The Issuer will have the sole right to accept offers to purchase Notes and may reject any offer in whole or 
in part.  The Dealers will have the right to reject any offer to purchase Notes solicited by it in whole or in 
part.  The Issuer may pay the Dealer, in connection with sales of the Notes resulting from a solicitation the 
Dealers made or an offer to purchase received by the Dealers, a commission, which may be in the form of 
a discount from the purchase price if the Dealers are purchasing the Notes for their own account. 
The Issuer may also sell Notes to a Dealer as principal for its own account at a price to be agreed upon at 
the time of sale.  The Dealers may resell any Notes they purchase as principal at prevailing market prices, 
or at other prices, as the Dealers determine. 
No action has been or will be taken by the Issuer (or any Dealer) that would permit a public offering of the 
Notes or possession or distribution of any offering material in relation to any Notes in any jurisdiction 
where action for that purpose is required and has not been taken.  No offers, sales, re-sales or deliveries of 
the Notes, or distribution of any offering material relating to the Notes, may be made in or from any 
jurisdiction except in circumstances which will result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulation 
and which will not impose any obligations on the Issuer. 
United States of America 
The Notes, any interest therein have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or the 
securities laws of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States and are subject to U.S. tax law 
requirements. The Issuer is not registered and will not be registered under the Investment Company Act of 
1940, as amended. Trading in the Notes has not been approved by the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading 
Commission pursuant to the Commodity Exchange Act of 1936, as amended. The Notes, any interest 
therein may not be offered, sold, pledged, assigned, delivered or otherwise transferred, exercised or 
redeemed at any time, directly or indirectly, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, 
U.S. Persons (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act ("Regulation S")). Each Dealer (1) has 
acknowledged that the Notes, any interest therein have not been and will not be registered under the 
Securities Act or the securities laws of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States, and the Notes are 
not being offered, sold, pledged, assigned, delivered or otherwise transferred, exercised or redeemed and 
may not be offered, sold, pledged, assigned, delivered or otherwise transferred, exercised or redeemed at 
any time, directly or indirectly, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. Persons; 
(2) has represented, as a condition to acquiring any interest in the Notes, that neither it nor any persons on 
whose behalf or for whose account or benefit the Notes are being acquired is a U.S. Person, that it is not 
located in the United States, and was not solicited to purchase Notes while present in the United States; (3) 
has agreed not to offer, sell, pledge, assign, deliver or otherwise transfer, exercise or redeem any of the 
Notes at any time, directly or indirectly, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, any 
U.S. Person and that hedging transactions involving any "equity securities" of "domestic issuers" (as such 
terms are defined in the Securities Act and regulations thereunder) may be conducted only in accordance 
with the Securities Act; (4) has agreed that any hedging transactions involving "equity securities" of 
"domestic issuers" (as such terms are defined in the Securities Act and regulations thereunder) will be 
conducted only in accordance with the Securities Act and (5) has agreed that, at or prior to confirmation of 
sale of any Notes (whether upon original issuance or in any secondary transaction), it will have sent to each 
distributor, dealer or person receiving a selling concession, fee or other remuneration that purchases Notes 
from it a written notice containing language substantially the same as the foregoing. As used herein, 
"United States" means the United States of America (including the states and the District of Columbia), 
its territories and possessions. 
In addition, the Dealers have represented and agreed that they have not offered or sold Notes and will not 
offer or sell Notes at any time except in accordance with Rule 903 of Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Accordingly, the Dealers have represented and agreed that neither they, their affiliates (if any) nor any 
person acting on behalf of any of them has engaged or will engage in any directed selling efforts with 
respect to Notes, and they have all complied and will comply with the offering restrictions requirements of 
Regulation S. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them in Regulation S.

--- Page 163 ---
10223680081-v22 
- 155 - 
70-41030080 
 
An offer or sale of Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering 
of such Notes) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
European Economic Area 
In relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area (each, a "Relevant Member State"), the 
Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the 
offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Issue Terms and the related Drawdown 
Prospectus in relation thereto to the public in that Relevant Member State except that it may make an offer 
of such Notes to the public in that Relevant Member State:  
(a) 
if the Issue Terms and/or the related Drawdown Prospectus in relation to the Notes specify that an 
offer of those Notes may be made other than pursuant to Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation 
in that Relevant Member State (a "Non-exempt Offer"), following the date of publication of a 
prospectus or Drawdown Prospectus in relation to such Notes which has been approved by the 
competent authority in that  Relevant Member State or, where appropriate, approved in another 
Relevant Member State and notified to the competent authority in that Relevant Member State, 
provided that any such prospectus or Drawdown Prospectus which has subsequently been 
completed by the Issue Terms contemplating such Non-exempt Offer, in accordance with the 
Prospectus Regulation, in the period beginning and ending on the dates specified in such 
prospectus, Drawdown Prospectus or Issue Terms, as applicable and the Issuer has consented in 
writing to its use for the purpose of that Non-exempt Offer; 
(b) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(c) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
the Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers 
nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(d) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (b) to (d) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer 
to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation, or supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.  
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes 
in any Relevant Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for the Notes and the expression “Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129. 
 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors  
Unless the Issue Terms in respect of any Notes specifies the "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" 
as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available 
and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Issue Terms in relation thereto to any retail 
investor in the EEA. For the purposes of this provision: 
(A) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(1) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(2) 
a customer within the meaning of the Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(3) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and

--- Page 164 ---
10223680081-v22 
- 156 - 
70-41030080 
 
(B) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
United Kingdom 
In relation to each Tranche of Notes, each Dealer has represented and agreed, subscribing for or purchasing 
such Notes, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, 
with, the Issuer that: 
(a) 
Notes with maturities of less than one year:  in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less 
than one year, (i) it is a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing 
or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has 
not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons whose ordinary 
activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal 
or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, 
manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses where 
the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the Financial 
Services and Markets Act 2000 ("FSMA") by the Issuer; 
(b) 
Financial promotion:  it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only 
communicate or cause to be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment 
activity (within the meaning of Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue 
or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the 
Issuer; and 
(c) 
General compliance:  it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA 
and the Financial Conduct Authority Handbook with respect to anything done by it in relation to 
any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom; and 
(d) 
Commissions and fees: 
(i) 
if it is distributing Notes that are "retail investment products" (as such term is defined in 
the Financial Conduct Authority Handbook) into the United Kingdom and it is entitled 
to receive any commission or fee from the Issuer, it will not transfer any part of that 
commission or fee to any third party who may advise retail investors to purchase a Note 
that is a retail investment product; and 
(ii) 
if it is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority to provide investment 
advice to retail investors in the United Kingdom and it is providing advice to retail 
investors in respect of a Note that is a retail investment product, it undertakes not to 
request any commission or fee from the Issuer and to otherwise reject any such payment 
offered to it other than in circumstances where the Issuer has agreed to facilitate the 
payment of an advisory fee and has the express consent of the retail investor to do so. 
The Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, in relation to each Tranche of Notes, that it has not made and will not make 
an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed 
by the Issue Terms and Drawdown Prospectus in relation thereto to the public in the United Kingdom 
except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in the United Kingdom: 
(a) 
if the Issue Terms or Drawdown Prospectus in relation to the Notes specify that an offer 
of those Notes may be made other than pursuant to section 86 of the FSMA (a "Public 
Offer"), following the date of publication of a prospectus in relation to such Notes which 
either (i) has been approved by the Financial Conduct Authority, or (ii) is to be treated as 
if it had been approved by the Financial Conduct Authority in accordance with the 
transitional provision in Regulation 74 of the Prospectus (Amendment etc.) (EU Exit) 
Regulations 2019, provided that any such prospectus which is not a Drawdown 
Prospectus has subsequently been completed by the Issue Terms contemplating such 
Public Offer, in the period beginning and ending on the dates specified in such prospectus

--- Page 165 ---
10223680081-v22 
- 157 - 
70-41030080 
 
or Issue Terms, as applicable, and the Issuer has consented in writing to its use for the 
purpose of that Public Offer; 
(b) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the UK 
Prospectus Regulation; 
(c) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as 
defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to 
obtaining the prior consent of the Dealer nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(d) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (b) to (d) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA, or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 
23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation.  
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes 
means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer 
and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes and 
the expression “UK Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of 
“retained EU law”, as defined in the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “EUWA”).  
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors  
Unless the Issue Terms in respect of any Notes specifies the "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" 
as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Program will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available 
and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Issue Terms in relation thereto to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom. For the purposes of this provision: 
(A) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(1) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of “retained EU law”, as defined in the EUWA; or 
(2) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of “retained EU law”, as defined in the EUWA; or 
(3) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms 
part of “retained EU law”, as defined in the EUWA; and 
(B) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Law of 
Japan (Law No. 25 of 1948, as amended) (the "FIEL") and, accordingly, each Dealer has undertaken, and 
each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to undertake, that it will not offer or 
sell any Notes directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any Japanese Person or to others 
for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any Japanese Person 
except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements under, and otherwise in compliance 
with the FIEL and any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan. For the 
purposes of this paragraph, "Japanese Person" shall mean any person resident in Japan, including any 
corporation or other entity organised under the laws of Japan.

--- Page 166 ---
10223680081-v22 
- 158 - 
70-41030080 
 
Ireland 
In relation to each Tranche of Notes, each Dealer subscribing for or purchasing such Notes has represented 
to, warranted and agreed with, or will represent to, warrant and agree with, the Issuer that: 
(a) 
it will not underwrite the issue of, or place the Notes, otherwise than in conformity than with the 
provisions of the European Union (Markets in Financial Instruments) Regulations 2017 (as 
amended) (the "MiFID II Regulations") including, without limitation, Regulation 5 (Requirement 
for Authorisation (and certain provisions concerning MTFS and OTFS)) thereof, or any rules or 
codes of conduct made under the MiFID II Regulations and the provisions of the Investor 
Compensation Act 1998 (as amended); 
(b) 
it will not underwrite the issue of, or place, the Notes, otherwise than in conformity with the 
provisions of the Companies Act 2014 of Ireland (as amended, the "Irish Companies Act") Irish 
Central Bank Acts 1942 – 2018 (as amended) and any codes of conduct rules made under Section 
117(1) of the Central Bank Act 1989 (as amended) or section 48 of the Central Bank (Supervision 
and Enforcement) Act 2013; 
(c) 
it will not underwrite the issue of, place or otherwise act in Ireland in respect of the Notes, 
otherwise than in conformity with the provisions of the Market Abuse Regulation (EU 596/2014) 
(as amended), the European Union (Market Abuse) Regulations 2016 (as amended) and any rules 
and guidance issued by the Central Bank of Ireland under Section 1370 of the Irish Companies Act; 
(d) 
the Prospectus Regulation, the European Union (Prospectus) Regulations 2019 of Ireland and any 
rules issued under Section 1363 of the Irish Companies Act by the Central Bank of Ireland; and 
(e) 
any issue of the Notes with a legal maturity of less than one year will be carried out in strict 
compliance with the Central Bank of Ireland's implementation notice for credit institutions BSD C 
01/02 of 12 November 2002 (as may be amended, replaced or up-dated) and issued pursuant to 
Section 8(2) of the Irish Central Bank Act, 1971 (as amended). 
Spain 
The Notes may not be listed, offered, sold or distributed in Spain nor any document or offer material be 
distributed in Spain or targeted at Spanish resident investors, except in accordance with the requirements 
set out in the Prospectus Regulation and any other related regulations that may be in force from time to 
time in Spain, including, among others, Royal Legislative Decree 4/2015 of 23 October of the Securities 
Markets (Real Decreto Legislativo 4/2015, de 23 de octubre, por el que se aprueba el texto refundido de la 
Ley del Mercado de Valores) as amended and restated and Royal Decree 1310/2005 of 4 November on 
admission to trading of securities in official secondary markets, public offerings and prospectus (Real 
Decreto 1310/2005 de 4 de noviembre, por el que se desarrolla parcialmente la Ley 24/1988, de 28 de 
julio, de Mercado de Valores, en materia de admisión a negociación de valores en mercados secundarios 
oficiales, de ofertas públicas de venta o suscripción y del folleto exigible a tales efectos) as amended and 
restated. 
Republic of Italy 
Unless specified in the relevant Issue Terms that a Non-exempt Offer may be made in Republic of Italy, 
the offering of the Notes has not been registered with the Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa 
("CONSOB") pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, accordingly, each Dealer has represented and 
agreed that, save as set out below, it has not offered or sold, and will not offer or sell, any Notes in the 
Republic of Italy in an offer to the public and that sales of the Notes in the Republic of Italy shall be effected 
in accordance with all Italian securities, tax and exchange control and other applicable laws and regulation. 
Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed that it will not offer, sell or deliver any Notes or 
distribute copies of this Base Prospectus (including the applicable Issue Terms) and any other document 
relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy except: 
(a) 
to "qualified investors", pursuant to Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation; or 
(b) 
that it may offer, sell or deliver Notes or distribute copies of the Base Prospectus (including the 
applicable Issue Terms) in an offer to the public if the Issue Terms in relation to the Notes specify 
that a Non-exempt Offer may be made in the Republic of Italy, provided that the Base Prospectus

--- Page 167 ---
10223680081-v22 
- 159 - 
70-41030080 
 
(including the applicable Issue Terms) has been notified to CONSOB, all in accordance with the 
Prospectus Regulation and the applicable Italian laws, in the period beginning and ending on the 
dates specified in the applicable Issue Terms; or 
(c) 
in any other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to 
Article 1 of the Prospectus Regulation, Article 100 of Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 
1998, as amended (the “Decree No. 58”), Article 34-ter of CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of 14 
May 1999, as amended from time to time, and the applicable Italian laws. 
Any such offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of the Base Prospectus (including the 
applicable Issue Terms) or any other document relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy must be: 
(a) 
made by investment firms, banks or financial intermediaries permitted to conduct such activities 
in the Republic of Italy in accordance with Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993 as 
amended (the "Banking Act"), Decree No. 58, CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 
2018, as amended and any other applicable laws and regulations; 
(b) 
in compliance with Article 129 of the Banking Act, as amended, and the implementing guidelines 
of the Bank of Italy, as amended from time to time, with regard, inter alia, to the reporting 
obligations required; and 
(c) 
in compliance with any other applicable requirement or limitation which may be imposed by 
CONSOB or the Bank of Italy or other Italian authority. 
Provisions relating to the secondary market in Italy 
Investors should also note that, in any subsequent distribution of the Notes in the Republic of Italy, Article 
100-bis of Decree No. 58 may require compliance with the law relating to public offers of securities. 
Furthermore, where the Notes are placed solely with "qualified investors" and are then systematically 
("sistematicamente") resold on the secondary market at any time in the 12 months following such placing, 
purchasers of Notes who are acting outside of the course of their business or profession may in certain 
circumstances be entitled to declare such purchase void and, in addition, to claim damages from any 
authorised person at whose premises the Notes were purchased, unless an exemption provided for under 
Decree No. 58 applies. 
The Netherlands 
For selling restrictions in respect of The Netherlands, see "European Economic Area" and "Prohibition of 
Sales to EEA and UK Retail Investors" above and in addition: 
Regulatory capacity to offer Notes in The Netherlands: The Dealer, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme, which did and does not have the requisite Dutch regulatory capacity to make offers 
or sales of financial instruments in The Netherlands has represented and agreed respectively will be required 
to represent and agree with the Issuer that it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any of the 
Notes in The Netherlands, other than through one or more investment firms acting as principals and having 
the Dutch regulatory capacity to make such offers or sales. 
If the Issue Terms in respect of any Notes specifies the "Prohibition of Sales to EEA and UK Retail 
Investors" as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that the Notes (or any interest therein) may 
not be offered to the public in the Netherlands in reliance on Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation 
unless (a) such offer was or is made exclusively to persons or entities which are qualified investors as 
defined in the Prospectus Regulation or (b) each such Exempt Note has a minimum denomination in excess 
of EUR 100,000 (or the equivalent thereof in non-Euro currency) and subject to compliance with the 
relevant requirements under Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014. 
Norway 
Notes denominated in Norwegian Krone (NOK) may not be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, within 
the Kingdom of Norway or to or for the benefit of Norwegian purchasers. Each purchaser of Notes 
denominated in Norwegian Krone (NOK) will be deemed to have acknowledged, represented and agreed

--- Page 168 ---
10223680081-v22 
- 160 - 
70-41030080 
 
that such Notes may not be offered or resold within the Kingdom of Norway or to or for the benefit of 
Norwegian purchasers.  
In addition to the provisions of the selling restriction for European Economic Area Member States 
(including Norway) and subject to the section "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" above, the 
Dealer represents and agrees that it will not, directly or indirectly, offer for subscription or purchase or issue 
invitations to subscribe for or buy or sell Notes or distribute any draft or definitive document in relation to 
any such offer, invitation or sale in Norway or to Norwegian residents except in compliance with Norwegian 
laws and regulations, including but not limited to section 16-2 of the Norwegian Financial Institutions 
Regulations (Norwegian: finansforetaksforskriften) of 9 December 2016 no. 1502, as amended, regarding 
sale of structured products. 
Switzerland 
The Notes must not be offered in Switzerland and each offeror of Notes represents and agrees that it has 
not made and will not make an offer of the Notes to the public in Switzerland, except that the Notes may 
be offered and an offeror may make an offer of the Notes to the public in Switzerland: 
(1) 
if the relevant Issue Terms in respect of any Notes specifies the "Prohibition of Offer to Private 
Clients in Switzerland" to be "Not Applicable" and consent has been granted to its use for the 
purpose of such offer to the public in accordance with Article 36(4) FinSA and Article 45 Financial 
Services Ordinance ("FinSO"), 
(2) 
in any circumstances falling within the exemptions listed in Article 36(1) of the Financial Services 
Act ("FinSA"), or 
(3) 
where such offer does not qualify as a public offer in Switzerland, 
provided that no offer of Notes referred to in (2) and (3) above shall require the Issuer or any offeror to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 35 FinSA. For the purposes of this provision, the expression "offer 
to the public" refers to the respective definitions in Article 3(g) and (h) FinSA and as further detailed in the 
FinSO and provided that a key information document under article 58 FinSA (Basisinformationsblatt für 
Finanzinstrumente) or article 59 para. 2 FinSA in respect of the Notes is published. 
Hong Kong 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that: 
(a) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any document, any 
Notes (except for Notes which are a "structured product" as defined in the Securities and Futures 
Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong (the "SFO")) other than (a) to "professional investors" as 
defined in the SFO and any rules made under the SFO; or (b) in other circumstances which do not 
result in the document being a "prospectus" as defined in the Companies (Winding Up and 
Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong (the "C(WUMP)O") or which do 
not constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of the C(WUMP)O; and 
(b) 
it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or have in its 
possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any advertisement, 
invitation or document relating to the Notes, which is directed at, or the contents of which are likely 
to be accessed or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the securities 
laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to Notes which are or are intended to be disposed of 
only to persons outside Hong Kong or only to "professional investors" as defined in the SFO and 
any rules made under the SFO. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary 
Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not 
offered or sold any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or 
purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for

--- Page 169 ---
10223680081-v22 
- 161 - 
70-41030080 
 
subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base 
Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for 
subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than 
(i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289 of 
Singapore) as modified or amended from time to time (the "SFA")) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, 
(ii) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, 
or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified in 
Section 275 of the SFA or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other 
applicable provision of the SFA. 
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole 
business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or 
more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments 
and each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries' rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be 
transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer 
made under Section 275 of the SFA except:  
(i) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer 
referred to in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA;  
(ii) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer;  
(iii) 
where the transfer is by operation of law;  
(iv) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(v) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) 
(Securities and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018.

--- Page 170 ---
10223680081-v22 
- 162 - 
70-41030080 
 
NO OWNERSHIP BY U.S. PERSONS 
The Notes may not be legally or beneficially owned by U.S. Persons at any time. The term "U.S. Person" 
will have the meaning ascribed to it in Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Each purchaser of Notes, by accepting delivery of this Base Prospectus or the Notes, will be deemed to 
have represented, agreed and acknowledged that: 
(c) 
it is, or at the time such Notes are purchased will be, the beneficial owner of such Notes and it is 
not, and is not acting for the account or benefit of, a U.S. Person and it is located outside the United 
States and was not solicited to purchase such Notes while present in the United States; 
(d) 
such Notes, any interest therein have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act 
or the securities laws of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States, are subject to U.S. tax 
law requirements and may not be offered, sold, pledged, assigned, delivered or otherwise 
transferred, exercised or redeemed at any time, directly or indirectly, except to a person that is not 
a U.S. Person (within the meaning of Regulation S) in an "offshore transaction" in accordance with 
Rule 903 or Rule 904 of Regulation S, in each case in accordance with all applicable securities 
laws of any state of the United States and any other applicable jurisdiction and it will provide notice 
of the foregoing transfer restriction to any subsequent transferee; 
(e) 
such Notes will bear a legend substantially to the following effect: 
"THIS NOTE HAS NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE "SECURITIES ACT"), OR ANY 
SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION OF THE UNITED 
STATES; AND IS SUBJECT TO U.S. TAX LAW REQUIREMENTS. THIS NOTE MAY NOT 
BE OFFERED, SOLD OR DELIVERED AT ANY TIME, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, 
WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OF, U.S. PERSONS (AS 
DEFINED IN REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT)." 
and 
(f) 
the Issuer, the Registrar, the Dealers and their affiliates, and others will rely upon the truth and 
accuracy of the foregoing acknowledgments, representations and agreements.

--- Page 171 ---
10223680081-v22 
- 163 - 
70-41030080 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg.  The 
appropriate code for each issue allocated by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be contained in 
the applicable Issue Terms.  Transactions will normally be effected for settlement not earlier than two 
business days after the date of the transaction. 
For so long as this Base Prospectus remains in effect or any securities issued by the Issuer remain 
outstanding, the following documents will be available from the date hereof in physical or electronic form 
during usual business hours on any weekday, for inspection at The Bank of New York Mellon, London 
Branch, 160 Queen Victoria Street, London EC4V 4LA  and also at the registered office of the Issuer or at 
https://sp.morganstanley.com/EU/Documents:  
(a) 
copies of the Agency Agreement, the Trust Deed, the Custody Agreement, the Collateral 
Administration and Reporting Agreement, the Master Schedule of Definitions and all of the Issuer's 
future published financial statements; 
(b) 
copies of any Issue Document made available to any Noteholder in accordance with the Conditions; 
(c) 
the Certificate of Incorporation and the Articles of Association of MSI plc; 
(d) 
all reports, letters and other documents, historical financial information, valuations and statements 
by any expert any part of which is included or referred to herein; 
(e) 
the Issuer's interim report and financial statements dated 30 June 2022, annual report and financial 
statements for the period ending 31 December 2021 and the report and financial statements for the 
year ended 31 December 2020; 
(f) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus and any document incorporated by reference herein; 
(g) 
any supplement to this Base Prospectus; and 
(h) 
any Issue Terms and related Drawdown Prospectuses (save that any Issue Terms and related 
Drawdown Prospectuses relating to a Note which is not listed will only be available for inspection 
by a holder of such Note and such holder must provide evidence satisfactory to the Issuer as to the 
identity of such holder). 
The documents described in paragraph (c) to (h) above are also available for viewing at the website. 
Information on the Issuer's website does not form part of this Base Prospectus unless such information is 
incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
Listing and Admission to Trading 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland (the "Central Bank") as competent 
authority under the Prospectus Regulation. The Central Bank only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting 
the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. 
Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer nor as an endorsement of the 
quality of any Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own 
assessment as to the suitability of investing in such Notes. This Base Prospectus is valid for a period of 
twelve months from the date of approval. 
Application has also been made for the Notes to be admitted during the twelve months after the date hereof 
to listing on the Official List of Euronext Dublin and to trading on the Regulated Market of Euronext 
Dublin. 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer since the date of its last published 
audited financial statements which were for the year ended 31 December 2021. 
Save as disclosed in the section entitled "Litigation Matters" and the section entitled "Tax Matters" under 
the heading "Provisions" in "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements" on pages 86 – 88 of MSI plc's 
report and financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2021 (as incorporated by reference herein 
on page 26 of this Base Prospectus) and in the section headed "7. Litigation Matters" on pages 65 to 66 of 
the Registration Document (as supplemented by the supplements thereto and incorporated by reference

--- Page 172 ---
10223680081-v22 
- 164 - 
70-41030080 
 
herein on page 35 of this Base Prospectus) and the section entitled "Litigation Matters" and "Tax Matters" 
under the heading "Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements" of MSI plc's Interim Report 
and Financial Statements dated 30 June 2022 (as incorporated by reference herein on page 26 of this Base 
Prospectus), there are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings 
which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware), during a period covering at least the previous 
12 months which may have, or have had in the recent past, significant effects on the Issuer and the group’s 
financial position or profitability. 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance and financial position of the Issuer or 
the group which has occurred since 30 June 2022, the date of the last published interim (unaudited) financial 
statements of the Issuer. 
As at the date of this Base Prospetus, the Registration Document and the supplements thereto (as 
incorporated by reference herein on page 35 - 26 of this Base Prospectus) contain the most up to date 
information relating to the Issuer.  
The role of MSI plc as issuer, collateral administrator, ABS collateral verification agent, EM collateral 
verification agent, determination agent and dealer under the Programme was authorised by resolutions of 
the Board of Directors of MSI plc on 12 December 2012. 
The auditors of the Issuer are Deloitte LLP, Chartered Accountants and Registered Auditors (members of 
the Institute of Chartered Accountants of England and Wales) of 1 New Street Square, London EC4A 3HQ. 
Deloitte LLP have audited MSI plc's accounts, without qualification, in accordance with generally accepted 
auditing standards in the United Kingdom for the financial year ended 31 December 2020 and the financial 
year ended 31 December 2021. The auditors of MSI plc have no material interest in MSI plc. Deloitte LLP 
have confirmed to the Issuer that their audit report has been prepared in compliance with the requirements 
of Directive 2006/43/EC as transposed into UK law and Regulation (EU) No 537/2014 as retained in UK 
law, and sets out that they give a true and fair view in accordance with International Standards on Auditing 
(UK) which (a) reflect the requirements of the Directive 2006/43/EC and Regulation (EU) No 537/2014 
that applied when the UK was a member state of the EU, and have not changed since then, and (b) are in 
any case equivalent to International Standards on Auditing (lreland), the standards of a member state of the 
EU, as the Irish standards are a licensed version of the UK standards. 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Dublin Branch is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent for 
the Issuer (and not on its own behalf) in connection with the application for admission of the Notes to the 
Official List of Euronext Dublin and trading on its regulated market (the "Regulated Market").

--- Page 173 ---
10223680081-v22 
- 165 - 
70-41030080 
 
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS  
$ vi 
("€STR Compound with Lookback ............... 77 
("€STR Compound with Observation Period 
Shift ......................................................... 78 
("€STR Compound with Payment Delay ....... 78 
£ vi 
¥ vi 
€ vi 
€STR............................................................ 48 
€STR Index Average .................................... 79 
€STR Rate Cut-Off Date ............................... 49 
1/1................................................................ 48 
30/360 .......................................................... 46 
30/360 (ICMA) ............................................ 46 
30E/360........................................................ 47 
30E/360 (ISDA) ........................................... 47 
360/360) ....................................................... 46 
ABS Collateral ........................................ 29, 41 
ABS Collateral Verification Agent ........... 33, 45 
ABS Eligibility Criteria ......................... 41, 143 
Accountholder ............................................. 147 
Accrual Yield ............................................... 41 
Actual/360.................................................... 46 
Actual/365 (Fixed) ....................................... 46 
Actual/365L ................................................. 46 
Actual/Actual ............................................... 46 
Actual/Actual (ISDA) ................................... 46 
Additional Business Centre(s) ....................... 41 
Additional Collateral Management Agreement
 ............................................................ 31, 40 
Additional Collateral Manager ...................... 40 
Additional Collateral Verification Agent .. 33, 45 
Additional Custodian ............................... 28, 40 
Additional Custody Agreement ..................... 40 
Additional Increased Tax .............................. 97 
Additional Security Document ...................... 39 
ADRs .......................................................... 137 
Agency Agreement ....................................... 39 
Agent ........................................................... 39 
Agents .......................................................... 39 
applicable law .............................................. 98 
Asset Backed Securities ................... 29, 42, 143 
Asset Backed Security ................................. 143 
AUD ............................................................. vi 
Australian dollars .......................................... vi 
Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive ...... 17 
Banking Act ................................................. 17 
Base Prospectus ........................................ i, 106 
Bearer Note Depositary ............................... 144 
Bearer Notes ................................... 34, 58, 144 
Beneficial Noteholder .................................. 109 
Bond Basis ................................................... 46 
BRRD .......................................................... 17 
business day ................................................. 59 
Business Day ................................................ 44 
Business Day Convention ............................. 44 
C(WUMP)O ............................................... 160 
Calculation Agent ......................................... 45 
Calculation Amount ...................................... 45 
Calculation Period ......................................... 46 
Central Bank ............................................ i, 163 
Clearing System Business Day .................... 148 
Clearstream Luxembourg .............................. 54 
Clearstream, Luxembourg ............................. 34 
Closing Date ............................................... 144 
Collateral 
Administration 
and 
Reporting 
Agreement .......................................... 31, 40 
Collateral Administrator ...................... 2, 30, 40 
Collateral Agent ............................................ 40 
Collateral Agents .......................................... 40 
Collateral Obligor ........................................... 1 
Collateral Obligors .......................................... 1 
Collateral Reporting Agent ...................... 31, 40 
Collateral Schedule ................................. 29, 45 
Collateral Service Agreement .................. 31, 40 
Collateral Service Provider ............................ 40 
Collateral Service Provider ............................ 31 
Collateral Valuation Date .............................. 45 
Collateral Verification Agent ................... 33, 45 
Collateral Verification Agents ................. 33, 45 
Common Safekeeper ................................... 144 
Conditions .................................................... 39 
CONSOB .................................................... 158 
Convertible Bonds ...................................... 142 
Coupon Sheet ................................................ 46 
Couponholder ............................................... 58 
Couponholders .............................................. 41 
Coupons........................................................ 41 
Covered Bonds............................................ 142 
CRA Regulation ..............................................ii 
Credit Linked Notes .................................... 142 
Custodian ................................................ 28, 39 
Custodians .................................................... 28 
Custody (Cash) Account................................ 30 
Custody (Securities) Account ........................ 30 
Custody Account ..................................... 30, 46 
Custody Agreement ................................. 30, 40 
D1 ........................................................... 46, 47 
D2 ........................................................... 46, 47 
Day Count Fraction ................................. 46, 62 
Dealer ...................................................... i, 154 
Dealers .................................................... i, 154 
Debt and Equity Collateral Verification Agent
 ........................................................... 31, 40 
Debt Collateral ........................................ 29, 48 
Debt Eligibility Criteria ......................... 48, 142 
Debt Securities ................................. 29, 48, 142 
Debt Security .............................................. 142 
Defaulted Collateral ...................................... 21 
Defaulted Security....................................... 143 
Definitive Notes .......................................... 144 
Determination Agent ............................... 39, 48

--- Page 174 ---
10223680081-v22 
- 166 - 
70-41030080 
 
Disputes ...................................................... 104 
Drawdown Prospectus .............................. ii, 37 
Early Redemption (Custodian Insolvency) Date
 ................................................................. 92 
Early Redemption Amount ........................... 48 
Early Redemption Date ........................ 109, 111 
ECB ............................................................. 48 
ECB €STR Guideline ................................... 48 
ECB's Website ............................................. 48 
EEA ............................................. ii, iii, 48, 106 
Eligible Collateral ................................... 29, 48 
Eligible Currency ......................................... 48 
Eligible Index .............................................. 137 
EM Collateral .......................................... 29, 48 
EM Collateral Verification Agent ............ 33, 45 
EM Eligibility Criteria ................................. 143 
EM Jurisdiction ............................................ 48 
EM Jurisdictions.......................................... 143 
Enforcement Notice ...................................... 98 
Equity Collateral ..................................... 29, 48 
Equity Eligibility Criteria ...................... 48, 137 
Equity Securities ............................. 29, 48, 137 
Equity Security ............................................ 137 
ERISA .................................................. 36, 149 
EUR .............................................................. vi 
euro ............................................................... vi 
Euro Exchange Date .................................... 103 
Euro Exchange Notice ................................. 103 
Eurobond Basis ............................................ 47 
Euroclear ........................................... 34, 40, 54 
Euroclear Power of Attorney...................... 2, 30 
Eurodollar Convention.................................. 45 
Euronext Dublin .............................................. i 
Event of Default ........................................... 97 
Exchange Date ...................................... 91, 144 
Exchangeable Bonds ................................... 142 
Extraordinary Resolution .............................. 49 
Fallback Compounded SOFR........................ 49 
Fallback SOFR ............................................. 49 
Fallback Term SOFR .................................... 49 
FATCA ....................................................... 152 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York's Website49 
FFI .............................................................. 152 
FIEL ........................................................... 157 
Final Redemption Amount ............................ 49 
first currency ............................................... 102 
first Person ................................................... 56 
Fixed Coupon Amount ................................. 49 
Fixed Interest Rate........................................ 49 
Floating Interest Rate.................................... 49 
Floating Rate Convention ............................. 45 
Following Business Day Convention ............ 44 
FRN Convention .......................................... 45 
FSMA ............................................................. i 
GDRs .......................................................... 137 
Global Note Certificate ................................ 145 
Global Notes ............................................... 144 
HMRC ........................................................ 150 
Holder ..................................................... 58, 59 
IGAs ........................................................... 152 
IMD ....................................................... iii, 106 
Implementation of Financial Tax Event ......... 49 
Incorporated Information ............................... 27 
Individual Note Certificates ......................... 145 
Interest Amount ............................................ 50 
Interest Commencement Date ........................ 50 
Interest Determination Date ........................... 50 
Interest Payment Date ................................... 50 
Interest Payment Delay ................................. 51 
Interest Period ............................................... 51 
Interest Period End Date ................................ 51 
Interest Specified Day(s) ............................... 51 
Interpolated Benchmark ................................ 51 
Investor............................................................i 
ISDA Bespoke Fallbacks ............................... 51 
ISDA Definitions .......................................... 51 
ISDA Fallback Adjustment............................ 51 
ISDA Fallback Rate ...................................... 52 
ISDA Generic Fallbacks ................................ 52 
Issue Date ..................................................... 52 
Issue Documents ........................................... 52 
Issue Terms ............................................. 35, 39 
Issuer ......................................................... i, 39 
Issuer Redemption Notice ........................... 109 
Japanese Person .......................................... 157 
Japanese Yen ................................................. vi 
LBD ............................................................. 52 
Linked Notes .............................................. 142 
Loan Participation Notes ............................. 142 
London Banking Day .................................... 52 
M1 .......................................................... 46, 47 
M2 .......................................................... 46, 47 
Margin .......................................................... 52 
Markets in Financial Instruments Directivei, 106 
MAS ........................................................... 160 
Maturity Date ................................................ 52 
MiFID II ....................................................... iii 
MIFID II ..................................................... 106 
MiFID Product Governance Rules ...................ii 
Minimum Collateralisation Percentage .......... 52 
Minimum Collateralisation Value .................. 52 
Modified Business Day Convention ............... 44 
Modified Following Business Day Convention
 ................................................................. 44 
MSI plc ...................................................... i, 39 
New Global Note .......................................... 34 
New Safekeeping Structure ................... 34, 145 
New Zealand dollars ...................................... vi 
NGN ..................................................... 34, 144 
No Adjustment .............................................. 45 
Note Certificate ............................................. 58 
Noteholder .............................................. 58, 59 
Noteholder Redemption Notice ................... 111 
Noteholder Redemption Notice Date ........... 111 
Noteholder Report ................................... 33, 60 
Noteholders .................................................. 41 
Notes ......................................................... i, 39 
NSS ...................................................... 34, 145 
NZD .............................................................. vi 
Offeror .............................................................i

--- Page 175 ---
10223680081-v22 
- 167 - 
70-41030080 
 
Official List ..................................................... i 
Optional Redemption Amount (Call)............. 52 
Optional Redemption Amount (Put) .............. 52 
Optional Redemption Date (Call) .................. 52 
Optional Redemption Date (Put) ................... 52 
Original Beneficial Noteholder .................... 109 
Participating Member State ........................... 52 
Paying Agents, ............................................. 39 
Payment Business Day .......................... 53, 147 
Permanent Global Note ................................ 144 
Person .......................................................... 53 
Pfandbriefe .................................................. 142 
Posted ABS Collateral ............................. 29, 53 
Posted Cash ............................................. 29, 53 
Posted Collateral ..................................... 29, 53 
Posted Debt Collateral ............................. 29, 53 
Posted EM Collateral ............................... 29, 53 
Posted Equity Collateral .......................... 29, 53 
Posted Euroclear Cash ....................... 30, 40, 53 
Posted Euroclear Collateral ................ 30, 40, 53 
Preceding Business Day Convention ............. 44 
PRIIPs Regulation ......................................... iii 
PRIIPS REGULATION ............................... 106 
Principal Financial Centre ............................. 53 
Principal Paying Agent ................................. 39 
Principal Trust Deed ..................................... 39 
Proceedings ................................................. 104 
Programme .................................................i, 39 
Proof of Holding ......................................... 111 
Prospectus Directive ................................. i, 106 
Put Option Notice ......................................... 53 
Put Option Receipt ....................................... 53 
Rate of Interest ............................................. 54 
Rate Table .................................................... 54 
Realisation Proceeds ..................................... 54 
Record Date .......................................... 96, 148 
Redemption Amount .................................... 54 
Redemption Determination Date ................... 91 
Redenomination Date .................................. 102 
Reference Banks ........................................... 54 
Reference Price ............................................ 54 
Reference Rate ............................................. 54 
Reference Time ............................................ 54 
Register ........................................................ 54 
Registered Notes ............................. 34, 58, 144 
Registrar ...................................................... 39 
Regular Date ................................................ 62 
Regular Interest Period Notes ....................... 62 
Regular Period.............................................. 62 
Regulated Market ..................................... i, 164 
Regulation S ................................................ 154 
Regulations .................................................. 20 
Relevant Clearing System ............................. 54 
Relevant Coupons ........................................ 94 
Relevant Date ............................................... 54 
Relevant Financial Centre ............................. 54 
relevant financial institution .......................... 17 
Relevant Governmental Body ....................... 54 
Relevant London Banking Day ..................... 77 
Relevant Member State ................................ 105 
Relevant Rates Benchmark ............................ 54 
Relevant Screen Page .................................... 55 
Relevant TARGET Settlement Day ............... 80 
Relevant Time ............................................... 55 
Relevant Tokyo Banking Day ........................ 86 
relevant U.K. Regulatory Authority ............... 17 
Relevant Zurich Banking Day ....................... 83 
Replacement Collateral ........................... 31, 60 
Reserved Matter ............................................ 55 
Rights ........................................................... 55 
SAION Index Average .................................. 82 
SARON ........................................................ 55 
SARON Compound with Lookback ............... 80 
SARON Compound with Observation Period 
Shift .......................................................... 81 
SARON Compound with Payment Delay....... 82 
SARON Rate Cut-Off Date ........................... 55 
second currency .......................................... 102 
second Person ............................................... 56 
Secured Assets .............................................. 55 
Securities Act .............................................. 105 
SECURITIES ACT ....................................... iii 
Security ........................................................ 55 
Security Documents ...................................... 55 
Security Interest ............................................ 55 
Series ...................................................... 28, 39 
Series Security .............................................. 20 
SFA ................................................. v, 105, 161 
SFO ............................................................ 160 
Shortfall ........................................................ 61 
SOFR............................................................ 55 
SOFR Benchmark ......................................... 71 
SOFR Compound with Lookback .................. 71 
SOFR Compound with Observation Period Shift
 ................................................................. 71 
SOFR Compound with Payment Delay .......... 72 
SOFR Index Average .................................... 73 
SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date ............................... 56 
SONIA ......................................................... 56 
SONIA Compound with Lookback ................ 74 
SONIA Compound with Observation Period 
Shift .......................................................... 74 
SONIA Compound with Payment Delay ........ 75 
SONIA Index Average .................................. 76 
SONIA Rate Cut-Off Date............................. 56 
Specified Currency ........................................ 56 
Specified Denomination(s) ............................ 56 
Specified Office ............................................ 56 
Specified Period ............................................ 56 
Sterling .......................................................... vi 
Subsidiary ..................................................... 56 
Substituted Collateral .............................. 31, 60 
sub-unit................................................... 62, 87 
Supplemental Base Prospectus..................... 106 
Supplemental Base Prospectuses ................. 106 
Supplemental Trust Deed ........................ 39, 56 
Talon ............................................................ 56 
TARGET Settlement Day .............................. 56 
TARGET2 .................................................... 56 
Taxes ...................................................... 36, 56

--- Page 176 ---
10223680081-v22 
- 168 - 
70-41030080 
 
TBD ............................................................. 57 
Temporary Global Note ............................... 144 
Tokyo Banking Day ..................................... 57 
TONA .......................................................... 57 
TONA Compound with Lookback ................ 84 
TONA Compound with Observation Period Shift
 ................................................................. 84 
TONA Compound with Payment Delay ........ 85 
TONA Index Average................................... 85 
TONA Rate Cut-Off Date ............................. 57 
Trade Date ................................................... 57 
Tranche ................................................... 28, 39 
Tranches ...................................................... 28 
Transfer Agents ............................................ 39 
Treaty ...................................................... vi, 57 
Trust Deed .................................................... 39 
Trustee .......................................................... 39 
U.S. dollars .................................................... vi 
U.S.$ ............................................................. vi 
UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules .............ii 
UK Notes .................................................... 150 
Unadjusted .................................................... 45 
United States ............................................... 154 
Valuation Percentage............................... 33, 57 
Value ...................................................... 33, 57 
Vanilla Debt Securities ................................ 142 
Y1 ........................................................... 46, 47 
Y2 ........................................................... 46, 47 
yes .............................................................. 132 
Zero Coupon Note ......................................... 57

--- Page 177 ---
10223680081-v22 
- 169 - 
70-41030080 
 
REGISTERED OFFICE OF MORGAN STANLEY & CO. INTERNATIONAL PLC 
 
25 Cabot Square 
Canary Wharf 
London El4 4QA 
United Kingdom 
 
TRUSTEE 
 
BNY Mellon Corporate Trustee Services Limited 
160 Queen Victoria Street 
London EC4V 4LA 
United Kingdom 
 
CUSTODIAN AND COLLATERAL REPORTING AGENT 
 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch 
160 Queen Victoria Street 
London EC4V 4LA 
United Kingdom 
 
COLLATERAL SERVICE PROVIDER AND DEBT AND EQUITY COLLATERAL 
VERIFICATION AGENT 
 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II 
1210 Brussels 
Belgium 
 
COLLATERAL ADMINISTRATOR, ABS COLLATERAL VERIFICATION 
AGENT AND EM COLLATERAL VERIFICATION AGENT AND, 
DETERMINATION AGENT AND CALCULATION AGENT 
 
Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc 
25 Cabot Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 4QA 
United Kingdom 
 
PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT AND EXCHANGE AGENT 
 
The Bank of New York Mellon 
160 Queen Victoria Street 
London EC4V 4LA 
United Kingdom 
 
REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER AGENT 
 
 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, 
46 Rue Montoyer 
B-1000 Brussels, 
Belgium acting through its 
Luxembourg Branch at 
Vertigo Building – Polaris 
2-4 Rue Eugène Ruppert 
L-2453 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg

--- Page 178 ---
10223680081-v22 
- 170 - 
70-41030080 
 
IRISH LISTING AGENT 
 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Dublin Branch 
Riverside II, Sir John Rogerson’s Quay 
Grand Canal Dock 
Dublin 2 
 
 
LEGAL ADVISORS TO THE ISSUER 
AND THE PROGRAMME 
LEGAL ADVISORS TO THE 
TRUSTEE 
 
As to English law: 
Clifford Chance LLP 
10 Upper Bank Street 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5JJ 
United Kingdom 
 
As to English law: 
Hogan Lovells International LLP 
Atlantic House 
Holborn Viaduct 
London EC1A 2FG 
United Kingdom 
 
 
AUDITORS OF THE ISSUER 
 
Deloitte LLP 
1 New Street Square,  
London EC4A 3HQ 
United Kingdom