--- Page 1 ---
i 
 
BASE PROSPECTUS FOR NOTES AND CERTIFICATES DATED 15 JULY 2022 
 
as issuer and guarantor 
 (incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware in the United States of America)  
MORGAN STANLEY & CO. INTERNATIONAL PLC 
as issuer 
(incorporated with limited liability in England and Wales)  
MORGAN STANLEY B.V. 
as issuer 
(incorporated with limited liability in The Netherlands) 
MORGAN STANLEY FINANCE LLC 
as issuer 
(formed under the laws of the State of Delaware in the United States of America) 
REGULATION S PROGRAM FOR THE ISSUANCE OF NOTES AND CERTIFICATES, 
SERIES A AND SERIES B, AND WARRANTS 
This Base Prospectus 
This document is a base prospectus ("Base Prospectus") prepared for purposes of Article 8 of Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the "Prospectus Regulation") for the purpose of the offering of Securities 
(as described below) other than Exempt Securities (as described below) from time to time. It should be 
read together with (i) any supplements to it from time to time (available on the website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu)), (ii) the information incorporated by reference into it 
(see "Incorporation by Reference" below) and (iii) in relation to a Tranche of Securities, the Issue Terms 
(described below) relating to that Tranche of Securities. This Base Prospectus shall supersede and replace 
entirely the Base Prospectus dated 16 July 2021. References in this Base Prospectus to "Exempt 
Securities" are to Securities which are: (i) neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the 
European Economic Area or the United Kingdom nor offered to the public in the European Economic 
Area or the United Kingdom or (ii) Securities for which no prospectus is required to be published under 
the Prospectus Regulation or the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of  "retained EU law", as defined 
in the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "EUWA") (the "UK Prospectus Regulation"). 
The information on any websites referred to herein does not form part of this Base Prospectus unless that 
information is incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or 
approved by the competent authority. 
The Program 
Morgan Stanley ("Morgan Stanley"), Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc ("MSI plc"), Morgan 
Stanley B.V. ("MSBV") and Morgan Stanley Finance LLC ("MSFL") established the Regulation S 
Program for the Issuance of Notes and Certificates, Series A and B, and Warrants (the "Program").  
Under the Program, Morgan Stanley, MSI plc, MSBV and MSFL may offer from time to time Series A 
Securities and Series B Securities (together, the "Securities issued under the Program") and Warrants 
(the "Warrants”, and together with the Securities issued under the Program, the "Program Securities"). 
Only certain of the Securities issued under the Program are described in this Base Prospectus, being those 
(i) issued pursuant to the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement (as defined under "General Description 
of the Securities" below), (ii) issued in dematerialised and uncertificated book-entry form with a Nordic 
central securities depositary (as described under "General Description of the Securities" below) pursuant 
to the SEB Issuing and Paying Agent Agreement (as defined under "General Description of the 
Securities" below) or (iii) issued pursuant to the Euroclear Agreement (as defined under "General 
Description of the Securities" below) (hereafter referred to collectively as the "Securities"). For the

--- Page 2 ---
ii 
 
avoidance of doubt, this Base Prospectus does not relate to or describe any Program Securities other than 
Notes and Certificates. 
The Securities  
Under this Base Prospectus, securities in the form of notes (“Notes”) and certificates (“Certificates”) 
may be offered. 
Any amounts of principal and/or interest payable under the Securities may be calculated by reference to 
an index. Relevant disclosure on the index and the administrator is set out in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Conditions of the Securities 
The terms and conditions applicable to a Tranche of Securities (the "Conditions") are the General Terms 
and Conditions (set out in the section entitled "Part 1: General Terms and Conditions" below), the 
applicable provisions of the Additional Terms and Conditions (set out in the section entitled "Part 2: 
Additional Terms and Conditions" below) and, if "Supplementary Provisions for Belgian Securities" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms (described below), the applicable provisions of the 
Belgian Supplemental Conditions (set out in the section entitled "Part 3: Supplementary Provisions for 
Belgian Securities" below) as completed by the applicable Issue Terms (described below).  Alternatively, 
a Tranche of Securities may be issued on the terms set forth in a separate prospectus specific to such 
Tranche (a "Drawdown Prospectus"). 
Final Terms, Pricing Supplements and Drawdown Prospectuses 
A "final terms" document (the "Final Terms") may be prepared in respect of each Tranche of Securities 
other than Exempt Securities. The Final Terms will complete the General Terms and Conditions, specify 
the Additional Terms and Conditions, if any, applicable in relation to such Securities and specify whether 
the Belgian Supplemental Conditions are applicable in relation to such Securities. A "pricing 
supplement" document (the "Pricing Supplement") may be prepared in respect of each Tranche of 
Exempt Securities. The Pricing Supplement will complete the General Terms and Conditions, specify 
the Additional Terms and Conditions, if any, applicable in relation to such Securities and specify whether 
the Belgian Supplemental Conditions are applicable in relation to such Securities. Alternatively, a 
Drawdown Prospectus may be prepared in respect of each Tranche of Securities (including Exempt 
Securities). The Drawdown Prospectus will amend and/or replace the Conditions in relation to the 
relevant Series in the manner as set forth in the Drawdown Prospectus and will also set out or incorporate 
by reference the necessary information relating to the Issuer and if applicable, the Guarantor. The Final 
Terms, the Pricing Supplement and the Drawdown Prospectus therefore contain vital information in 
regard to the Securities. The Final Terms, the Pricing Supplement and the Drawdown Prospectus will be 
available on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). References in this Base 
Prospectus to "Issue Terms" are to (i) where the Securities are not Exempt Securities, the applicable 
Final Terms or (ii) where the Securities are Exempt Securities, the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
The Issuers 
The issuers (each an "Issuer") of Securities under this Base Prospectus from time to time may be any of 
Morgan Stanley, MSI plc, MSBV and MSFL. Information on each Issuer is included in this Base 
Prospectus, including information incorporated by reference.  
The Guarantor of MSBV Securities and MSFL Securities  
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Issue Terms, the payment of all amounts due in respect of 
Securities issued by MSBV ("MSBV Securities") are unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by 
Morgan Stanley (the "Guarantor"). The payment of all amounts due in respect of Securities issued by 
MSFL ("MSFL Securities") are unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by the Guarantor. However, 
the payment of amounts due in respect of Securities issued by MSI plc are not guaranteed by Morgan 
Stanley. In any event, all payments under the Securities are subject to the credit risk of the Issuer and (if 
applicable) the Guarantor. Information on the Guarantor is included in this Base Prospectus, including 
information incorporated by reference. 
Status of the Securities 
The Securities are unsecured and unsubordinated general obligations of the Issuer and not of any affiliate 
of the Issuer. The Securities are not deposits or savings accounts and are not insured by the United States 
of America ("U.S.") Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, the UK Financial Services Compensation

--- Page 3 ---
iii 
 
Scheme or any other governmental agency or instrumentality or deposit protection scheme anywhere, 
nor are they obligations of, or guaranteed by, a bank.  
Relevant Underlyings 
The return on the Securities may depend on the performance of one or more of any of the following types 
of underlying reference assets (referred to as the "Relevant Underlyings" in the terms and conditions): 
interest rates, swap rates, shares, equity indices, exchange traded funds, commodities or commodity 
indices, inflation indices, other indices, currencies, funds, one or more preference shares issued by an 
entity which is not Morgan Stanley, MSI plc, MSBV or MSFL or any legal entity belonging to the same 
group as Morgan Stanley, MSI plc, MSBV or MSFL and futures contracts.  The Relevant Underlying(s) 
(if any) in relation to any Securities will be set out in the Issue Terms or Drawdown Prospectus applicable 
to such Securities. 
Securityholders will have no beneficial interest in any Relevant Underlyings. 
Benchmark Regulation: Article 29(2) statement on benchmarks 
Amounts payable under the Securities may be calculated by reference to: (i) the Euro Interbank Offered 
Rate ("EURIBOR"), (ii) any CMS Reference Rate (as defined in Condition 2, and determined in 
accordance with Condition 6.7, of Part 1 of the "General Terms and Conditions"), (iii) an index within 
the MS Dynamic Fund Allocation Index Family (as defined in "The MS Dynamic Fund Allocation Index 
Family"), (iv) SOFR (as defined in Condition 6.8), (v) SOFR Index (as defined in Condition 6.8), (vi) 
SONIA (as defined in Condition 6.9), (vii) SONIA Index (as defined in Condition 6.9), (viii) €STR (as 
defined in Condition 6.10, (ix) €STR Index (as defined in Condition 6.10, (x) SARON (as defined in 
Condition 6.11), (xi) SAION Index (as defined in Condition 6.11), (xii) TONA (as defined in Condition 
6.12), (xiii) TONA Index (as defined in Condition 6.12), (xiv) UDI Fixing (as defined in Sub-Section IV 
of Section 2 of the Additional Conditions) or (xv) one or more other specific indices or price sources or 
a combination of indices or price sources.  
EURIBOR is provided by the European Money Markets Institute ("EMMI"). As at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, EMMI appears on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained 
by  the European Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") pursuant to Article 36 of Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the Council on indices used as benchmarks in financial 
instruments and financial contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds (the "Benchmark 
Regulation"). 
A CMS Reference Rate is a constant maturity swap rate, calculated on a fixed-to-floating basis by 
reference to an underlying floating rate that can in itself constitute a "benchmark" for the purposes of the 
Benchmark Regulation. 
Each index within the MS Dynamic Fund Allocation Index Family is provided by MSI plc. As at the date 
of this Base Prospectus, MSI plc does not appear on the register of administrators and benchmarks 
established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmark Regulation. As far as the 
Issuers are aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the Benchmark Regulation apply, such that 
MSI plc is not currently required to obtain authorisation or registration (or, if located outside the 
European Union, recognition, endorsement or equivalence). 
SOFR and SOFR Index are provided by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (the "New York Federal 
Reserve"). As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the New York Federal Reserve does not appear on the 
register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 
of the Benchmark Regulation. 
SONIA and SONIA Index are provided by the Bank of England. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, 
the Bank of England does not appear on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmark Regulation. 
€STR and €STR Index are provided by the European Central Bank. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, 
the European Central Bank does not appear on the register of administrators and benchmarks established 
and maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmark Regulation. 
TONA is provided by the Bank of Japan. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Bank of Japan does 
not appear on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA 
pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmark Regulation.

--- Page 4 ---
iv 
 
As far as the Issuers are aware the New York Federal Reserve as administrator of SOFR and SOFR Index, 
the Bank of England as administrator of SONIA and SONIA Index, the European Central Bank as 
administrator of €STR and €STR Index and the Bank of Japan as administrator of TONA are not required 
to be registered by virtue of Article 2 of the Benchmark Regulation. 
SARON and SAION Index are provided by SIX Index AG and are endorsed for use in the European 
Union by SIX Financial Information Nordic AB. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, SIX Financial 
Information Nordic AB appears on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmark Regulation. 
TONA Index is provided by QUICK Corp. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, QUICK Corp. does 
not appear on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA 
pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmark Regulation. As far as the Issuers are aware, the transitional 
provisions in Article 51 of the Benchmark Regulation apply, such that QUICK Corp. is not currently 
required to obtain authorisation or registration (or, if located outside the European Union, recognition, 
endorsement or equivalence). 
UDI Fixing is provided by the Central Bank of the United Mexican States (“Banco de México”). As at 
the date of this Base Prospectus, the Banco de México does not appear on the register of administrators 
and benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmark 
Regulation. As far as the Issuers are aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the Benchmark 
Regulation apply, such that Banco de México is not currently required to obtain authorisation or 
registration (or, if located outside the European Union, recognition, endorsement or equivalence). 
Similarly, any other index or price source by reference to which amounts payable under the Securities 
are calculated may also constitute a "benchmark" for the purposes of the Benchmark Regulation.  
In cases where amounts payable under the Securities are calculated by reference to a CMS Reference 
Rate or one or more other indices or price sources that is not one of EURIBOR, SOFR, SOFR Index, 
SONIA, SONIA Index, €STR, €STR Index, SARON, SAION Index, TONA, TONA Index, an MS 
Dynamic Fund Allocation Index Family index or UDI Fixing, the relevant Issue Terms will specify: 
• 
the name of each index or price source so referenced (including, in the case of a CMS 
Reference Rate, the base rate); 
• 
the legal name of the administrator of each such index or price source; and 
• 
whether or not the legal name of the administrator of each such index or price source 
appears on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained 
by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmark Regulation at the date of the 
relevant Issue Terms. 
Not every index or price source will fall within the scope of the Benchmark Regulation. Furthermore, 
where an index or price source does fall within the scope of the Benchmark Regulation, the transitional 
provisions in Article 51 or the provision of Article 2 of the Benchmark Regulation may apply, such that 
the administrator of such index or price source is not at the date of the relevant Issue Terms required to 
obtain authorisation/registration (or, if located outside the European Union, recognition, endorsement or 
equivalence). 
The registration status of any administrator under the Benchmark Regulation is a matter of public record 
and, save where required by applicable law, the relevant Issuer does not intend to update the relevant 
Issue Terms to reflect any change in the registration status of the administrator. 
Risk Factors  
Securities offered from time to time under this Base Prospectus may not provide for scheduled 
repayment in full at maturity of the amount paid for them, and you could therefore lose some and 
up to all of your investment, depending on the performance of the Relevant Underlying(s). Also, in 
any event, payments under the Securities are subject to the credit risk of the Issuer (and, if applicable, 
the Guarantor). Investing in the Securities involves risks.  Before purchasing the Securities, you should 
carefully consider, in particular, "Risk Factors Relating to the Securities" below.

--- Page 5 ---
v 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
Risk Warning 
The Securities may not be a suitable investment for all investors 
An investment in the Securities entails certain risks, which vary depending on the specification and type 
or structure of the Securities. 
Each potential investor should determine whether an investment in the Securities is appropriate in such 
potential investor's particular circumstances.  An investment in the Securities requires a thorough 
understanding of the nature of the relevant transaction.  Potential investors should be experienced with 
respect to an investment in the Securities and be aware of the related risks. 
An investment in the Securities is only suitable for potential investors who: 
• 
have the requisite knowledge and experience in financial and business matters to 
evaluate the merits and risks of an investment in the Securities and the information 
contained in, or incorporated by reference into, this document; 
• 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate such merits 
and risks in the context of the potential investor's particular financial situation and to 
evaluate the impact the Securities will have on their overall investment portfolio; 
• 
understand thoroughly the terms of the Securities and are familiar with the behaviour 
of the Relevant Underlying and financial markets; 
• 
are capable of bearing the economic risk of an investment in the Securities until the 
maturity date of the Securities; 
• 
recognise that it may not be possible to dispose of the Securities for a substantial period 
of time, if at all before the maturity date; and 
• 
are familiar with the behaviour of the Relevant Underlying and relevant financial 
markets and be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial and legal 
adviser) possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect 
the potential investor's investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
The Securities are complex financial instruments.  Sophisticated institutional investors generally do not 
purchase complex financial instruments as stand-alone investments.  They purchase complex financial 
instruments as a way to reduce risk or enhance yield with an understood, measured, appropriate addition 
of risk to their overall portfolios.  A potential investor should not invest in any Securities unless such 
potential investor has the expertise (either alone or with a financial and legal adviser) to evaluate how 
the Securities will perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value of the Securities 
and the impact this investment will have on the potential investor's overall investment portfolio.  Each 
Issuer, The Guarantor and MSI plc as Distribution Agent, disclaims any responsibility to advise 
prospective investors of any matters arising under the law of the country in which they reside that may 
affect the purchase of, or holding of, or the receipt of payments or deliveries on, the Securities.  
Approvals of the Base Prospectus 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by: 
(i) 
the Luxembourg Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier ("CSSF") in its capacity as 
the competent authority under the Luxembourg law of 16 July 2019 relating to prospectuses for 
securities (the "Luxembourg Law on Prospectuses") for this document's approval as a base 
prospectus for the purposes of Article 3 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the 
"Prospectus Regulation") for the purpose of giving necessary information with regard to the 
issue of Securities under the Program issued by Morgan Stanley, MSI plc, MSBV and MSFL, 
as applicable, within 12 months following the date of this document. The CSSF only approves 
this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and 
consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as 
an endorsement of any of the Issuers or the quality of the Securities that are the subject of this 
Base Prospectus and investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of

--- Page 6 ---
vi 
 
investing in the Securities. Pursuant to Article 6(4) of the Luxembourg Law on Prospectuses for 
securities, by approving this Base Prospectus, the CSSF gives no undertaking as to, and assumes 
no responsibility for, the economic and financial characteristics of the Securities or the quality 
and solvency of any Issuer or the Guarantor; and 
(ii) 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange pursuant to the appendices to the Rules and Regulations of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, to be admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange's Euro MTF market and to the official list (the "Official List") of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange. The Luxembourg Stock Exchange's Euro MTF market is not a regulated 
market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council 
on markets in financial instruments (as amended, "MiFID II") or Article 2(1)(13A) of 
Regulation (EU) 600/2014 as it forms part of "retained EU law" as defined in the the EUWA.  
Pursuant to Article 10(2) of Part 2 of the Rules and Regulations of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange, every significant new factor relating to the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus, which is capable of affecting the assessment of the Securities and arises after the 
date hereof, shall be covered by a supplement to this Base Prospectus. This Base Prospectus 
constitutes a Base Prospectus for the purpose of the Luxembourg Law on Prospectuses. 
The CSSF has neither approved nor reviewed information contained in this Base Prospectus in 
connection with Exempt Securities. 
Application has been made for the Securities which are "Series A" Securities (including, for the 
avoidance of doubt, "Series A" Securities that are Exempt Securities) to be admitted to listing on the 
Official List and, in the case of "Series A" Securities that are not Exempt Securities, trading on the 
regulated market ("Luxembourg Regulated Market") of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, which is a 
regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II, or, in the case of "Series A" Securities that are Exempt 
Securities, the Euro MTF Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, which is not a regulated market 
for the purposes of MiFID II, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms.  
Application may also be made for the Securities which are "Series A" Securities to be admitted to listing 
and/or trading by such other listing authority, stock exchange or quotation system as may be specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms. Securities may also be issued which are not admitted to listing, trading and/or 
quotation by any listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system. The Securities which are 
"Series B" Securities will not be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any listing authority, 
stock exchange and/or quotation system. 
This Base Prospectus will be valid for offers to the public or admissions to trading on a regulated market 
by or with the consent of the Issuer for 12 months from its date and will expire on 15 July 2023. The 
obligation to supplement it in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material 
inaccuracies will not apply after the earlier of the date 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus 
and the closing of the offer period for the Securities or the Securities being admitted to trading on a 
regulated market, whichever occurs later.  
This Base Prospectus may be (i) registered in Switzerland with the reviewing body (Prüfstelle) SIX 
Exchange Regulation AG or another reviewing body approved by the Swiss Financial Market 
Supervisory Authority FINMA as a foreign prospectus that is also deemed to be approved in Switzerland 
pursuant to Article 54(2) of the Swiss Federal Act on Financial Services ("FinSA") for inclusion on the 
list of approved prospectus pursuant to Article 64(5) FinSA, (ii) deposited with this reviewing body and 
(iii) published pursuant to Article 64 FinSA. 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate 
As further described under "Risk Factors Relating to the Securities" below, the interest rate on the 
Securities may be determined by reference to SOFR (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the 
Securities). 
SOFR is published by the New York Federal Reserve and is intended to be a broad measure of the cost 
of borrowing cash overnight collateralized by U.S. Treasury securities. The New York Federal Reserve 
reports that SOFR includes all trades in the Broad General Collateral Rate and bilateral Treasury 
repurchase agreement (repo) transactions cleared through the delivery-versus-payment service offered 
by the Fixed Income Clearing Corporation (the "FICC"), a subsidiary of the Depository Trust and 
Clearing Corporation ("DTCC"), and SOFR is filtered by the New York Federal Reserve to remove 
some (but not all) of the foregoing transactions considered to be "specials". According to the New York

--- Page 7 ---
vii 
 
Federal Reserve, "specials" are repos for specific-issue collateral, which take place at cash-lending rates 
below those for general collateral repos because cash providers are willing to accept a lesser return on 
their cash in order to obtain a particular security. 
The New York Federal Reserve reports that SOFR is calculated as a volume-weighted median of 
transaction-level tri-party repo data collected from The Bank of New York Mellon as well as General 
Collateral Finance Repo transaction data and data on bilateral Treasury repo transactions cleared through 
the FICC's delivery-versus-payment service. The New York Federal Reserve also notes that it obtains 
information from DTCC Solutions LLC, an affiliate of DTCC. 
If data for a given market segment were unavailable for any day, then the most recently available data 
for that segment would be utilized, with the rates on each transaction from that day adjusted to account 
for any change in the level of market rates in that segment over the intervening period. SOFR would be 
calculated from this adjusted prior day's data for segments where current data were unavailable, and 
unadjusted data for any segments where data were available. To determine the change in the level of 
market rates over the intervening period for the missing market segment, the New York Federal Reserve 
would use information collected through a daily survey conducted by its Trading Desk of primary dealers' 
repo borrowing activity. Such daily survey would include information reported by Morgan Stanley & 
Co. LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of Morgan Stanley, as a primary dealer. 
The New York Federal Reserve notes on its publication page for SOFR that use of SOFR is subject to 
important limitations, indemnification obligations and disclaimers, including that the New York Federal 
Reserve may alter the methods of calculation, publication schedule, rate revision practices or availability 
of SOFR at any time without notice. 
Each U.S. government securities business day, the New York Federal Reserve publishes SOFR on its 
website at approximately 8:00 a.m., New York City time. If errors are discovered in the transaction data 
provided by The Bank of New York Mellon or DTCC Solutions LLC, or in the calculation process, 
subsequent to the initial publication of SOFR but on that same day, SOFR and the accompanying 
summary statistics may be republished at approximately 2:30 p.m., New York City time. Additionally, 
if transaction data from The Bank of New York Mellon or DTCC Solutions LLC had previously not been 
available in time for publication, but became available later in the day, the affected rate or rates may be 
republished at around this time. Rate revisions will only be effected on the same day as initial publication 
and will only be republished if the change in the rate exceeds one basis point. Any time a rate is revised, 
a footnote to the New York Federal Reserve's publication would indicate the revision. This revision 
threshold will be reviewed periodically by the New York Federal Reserve and may be changed based on 
market conditions. 
Because SOFR is published by the New York Federal Reserve based on data received from other sources, 
the Issuer has no control over its determination, calculation or publication.  See "Risk Factors Relating 
to the Securities" below 
The information contained in this section "Secured Overnight Financing Rate" is based upon the New 
York Federal Reserve's Website and other U.S. government sources. 
Investing in the Securities involves risks.  See the section entitled "Risk Factors Relating to the 
Securities" below. 
Important U.S. securities and tax law considerations  
THE SECURITIES, ANY INTEREST THEREIN AND ANY GUARANTEE IN RESPECT 
THEREOF, AND THE SECURITIES TO BE DELIVERED ON EXERCISE OR REDEMPTION 
OF THE SECURITIES (IF ANY), HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED 
UNDER THE UNITED STATES SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE 
"SECURITIES ACT"), OR THE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OR OTHER 
JURISDICTION OF THE UNITED STATES, ARE SUBJECT TO U.S. TAX LAW 
REQUIREMENTS AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED, ASSIGNED, 
DELIVERED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED, EXERCISED OR REDEEMED AT ANY 
TIME, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, WITHIN THE UNITED STATES (WHICH TERM 
INCLUDES THE TERRITORIES, THE POSSESSIONS AND ALL OTHER AREAS SUBJECT

--- Page 8 ---
viii 
 
TO THE JURISDICTION OF THE UNITED STATES) OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR 
BENEFIT OF, U.S. PERSONS (AS DEFINED IN REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES 
ACT). SEE "SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE" AND "NO OWNERSHIP BY U.S. PERSONS". 
For payments in respect of a Security issued by Morgan Stanley or MSFL, in order to avoid U.S. 
withholding taxes, the beneficial owner of the Security that is not a United States person (or a 
financial institution holding the Security on behalf of the beneficial owner that is not a United 
States person) is required under current law to comply with certain tax identification and 
certification requirements, generally by furnishing the appropriate U.S. Internal Revenue Service 
Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E on which the beneficial owner certifies under penalty of perjury 
that it is not a United States person.  Certain tax identification and certification requirements apply 
as well to holders of Securities of all Issuers with respect to "FATCA" as more fully described 
under "United States Federal Taxation". 
Each investor must comply with all applicable laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction 
in or from which the investor purchases, offers, sells or delivers the Securities or has in the 
investor's possession or distributes this Base Prospectus or any accompanying Issue Terms or any 
Drawdown Prospectus. 
No deposits and no deposit protection insurance 
THE SECURITIES ARE NOT DEPOSITS OR SAVINGS ACCOUNTS AND ARE NOT 
INSURED BY THE U.S. FEDERAL DEPOSIT INSURANCE CORPORATION, THE UK 
FINANCIAL SERVICES COMPENSATION SCHEME, OR ANY OTHER GOVERNMENTAL 
AGENCY OR INSTRUMENTALITY OR DEPOSIT PROTECTION SCHEME ANYWHERE, 
NOR ARE THEY OBLIGATIONS OF, OR GUARANTEED BY, A BANK. 
No participation in a collective investments scheme 
The Securities do not constitute a participation in a collective investment scheme within the 
meaning of the Swiss Federal Act on Collective Investment Schemes ("CISA"). The Securities are 
neither subject to the authorisation nor to the supervision by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory 
Authority FINMA ("FINMA") and investors do not benefit from the specific investor protection 
provided under the CISA. Investors should be aware that they are exposed to the credit risk of the relevant 
Issuer and, if applicable, of the Guarantor. 
MIFID II product governance/target market 
The Issue Terms in respect of any Securities may include a legend entitled "MiFID II Product 
Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Securities and which 
channels for distribution of the Securities are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Securities (a "distributor") should take into consideration the target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Securities (by either adopting or refining the target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID 
Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "MiFID Product Governance 
Rules"), any dealer subscribing for any Securities is a manufacturer in respect of such Securities, but 
otherwise neither dealer(s) nor any of its respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of 
the MIFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MIFIR product governance/target market 
The Issue Terms in respect of any Securities may include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product 
Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Securities and which 
channels for distribution of the Securities are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Securities (a "distributor") should take into consideration the target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking 
its own target market assessment in respect of the Securities (by either adopting or refining the target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.

--- Page 9 ---
ix 
 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules, any dealer subscribing for any Securities is a manufacturer in respect of such 
Securities, but otherwise neither dealer(s) nor any of its respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for 
the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
Important – EEA Retail Investors 
PRIIPs/IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Issue Terms in respect of any Securities 
includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", the Securities are not intended 
to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail 
investor means a person who is one (or more) of: 
(A) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU, (as amended, "MiFID 
II"); 
(B) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 where that customer would not qualify as 
a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(C) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. 
Consequently, if the Issue Terms in respect of any Securities include a legend entitled "Prohibition of 
Sales to EEA Retail Investors", no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 
(as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the EEA has been or will be prepared and therefore offering or selling the 
Securities or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under 
the PRIIPs Regulation. 
Important – UK Retail Investors 
UK PRIIPs/IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Issue Terms in respect of any 
Securities includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", the Securities are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of:  
(A) a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of 
"retained EU law", as defined in the EUWA; or  
(B) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 
("FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of "retained EU law", as defined in the EUWA; or  
(C) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of 
"retained EU law", as defined in the EUWA.  
Consequently, if the Issue Terms in respect of any Securities include a legend entitled "Prohibition of 
Sales to UK Retail Investors", no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 
as it forms part of "retained EU law", as defined in the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for 
offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has 
been or will be prepared and therefore offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
No or limited secondary market 
Potential investors should be willing to hold the Securities until maturity.  The nature and extent 
of any secondary market in the Securities cannot be predicted and there may be little or no 
secondary market in the Securities.  If MSI plc or other affiliate of the Issuer does make a market 
for the Securities, it may cease to do so at any time.

--- Page 10 ---
x 
 
Currency definitions 
All references in this Base Prospectus to "Sterling" and "£" are to the lawful currency of the 
United Kingdom, all references to "U.S. Dollars", "U.S.$ " and "$" are to the lawful currency of 
the United States of America, all references to "Japanese Yen" and "¥" are to the lawful currency 
of Japan, all references to "Australian Dollars" and "AUD" are to the lawful currency of the 
Commonwealth of Australia, all references to "New Zealand Dollars" and "NZD" are to the lawful 
currency of New Zealand, all references to "Renminbi" or "CNY" are to the lawful currency of 
the People's Republic of China (which, for the purpose of this Base Prospectus, shall exclude the 
Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the People's Republic of China, the Macau Special 
Administrative Region of the People's Republic of China and Taiwan) and all references to "euro", 
"€" and "EUR" are to the lawful single currency of the member states of the European Union 
(each a "Member State") who have adopted and continue to retain a common single currency 
through monetary union in accordance with European Union treaty law (as amended from time to 
time). 
Language 
The language of this Base Prospectus is English.  Certain legislative references and technical terms 
have been cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be 
ascribed to them under applicable law. 
U.S. Securities disclosures 
IN MAKING AN INVESTMENT DECISION, INVESTORS MUST RELY ON THEIR OWN 
EXAMINATION OF THE RELEVANT ISSUER AND, WHERE APPLICABLE, THE 
GUARANTOR AND THE TERMS OF THE OFFERING, INCLUDING THE MERITS AND 
RISKS INVOLVED.  THE SECURITIES HAVE NOT BEEN RECOMMENDED BY ANY 
UNITED STATES FEDERAL OR STATE SECURITIES COMMISSION OR REGULATORY 
AUTHORITY.  FURTHERMORE, THE FOREGOING AUTHORITIES HAVE NOT 
CONFIRMED THE ACCURACY OR DETERMINED THE ADEQUACY OF THIS 
DOCUMENT.  ANY REPRESENTATION TO THE CONTRARY IS A CRIMINAL OFFENCE 
IN THE UNITED STATES. 
Stabilisation legend 
IN CONNECTION WITH THE ISSUE OF ANY TRANCHE OF SECURITIES UNDER THE 
PROGRAM, ANY DISTRIBUTION AGENT OR ANY OTHER AGENT SPECIFIED FOR 
THAT PURPOSE IN THE APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS AS THE STABILISING MANAGER 
(OR ANY PERSON ACTING FOR THE STABILISING MANAGER) MAY OVER-ALLOT OR 
EFFECT TRANSACTIONS WITH A VIEW TO SUPPORTING THE MARKET PRICE OF 
ANY OF THE SECURITIES AT A LEVEL HIGHER THAN THAT WHICH MIGHT 
OTHERWISE PREVAIL FOR A LIMITED PERIOD.  HOWEVER, STABILISATION MAY 
NOT NECESSARILY OCCUR.  ANY STABILISING ACTION MAY BEGIN ON OR AFTER 
THE DATE ON WHICH ADEQUATE PUBLIC DISCLOSURE OF THE TERMS OF THE 
OFFER OF THE RELEVANT TRANCHE OF SECURITIES IS MADE AND, IF COMMENCED, 
MAY CEASE AT ANY TIME, BUT MUST BE BROUGHT TO AN END NO LATER THAN THE 
EARLIER OF 30 DAYS AFTER THE ISSUE DATE OF THE RELEVANT TRANCHE OF 
SECURITIES AND 60 DAYS AFTER THE DATE OF THE ALLOTMENT OF THE 
RELEVANT 
TRANCHE 
OF 
SECURITIES. 
 
ANY 
STABILISING 
ACTION 
OR 
OVER-ALLOTMENT MUST BE CONDUCTED BY THE STABILISING MANAGER (OR ANY 
PERSON ACTING FOR THE STABILISING MANAGER) IN ACCORDANCE WITH ALL 
APPLICABLE LAWS AND RULES. 
Defined Terms  
See the "Index of Defined Terms" at the end of this document for a list of defined terms and where they 
are defined in this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 11 ---
xi 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS  
Page 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE SECURITIES ............................................................................ 13 
Provides an overview of certain important information in relation to the Securities. It is relevant to all 
Securities. 
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE SECURITIES ........................................................................ 22 
DISCLAIMERS ..................................................................................................................................... 72 
CONFLICTS OF INTEREST ................................................................................................................ 78 
CONSENT TO THE USE OF THE BASE PROSPECTUS IN CONNECTION WITH NON-EXEMPT 
OFFERS ................................................................................................................................................. 84 
Sets out the consents by the Issuers and the Guarantor to the use of the Base Prospectus. 
WHERE THE INVESTOR CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION ABOUT MORGAN STANLEY ... 86 
Provides information on where the investor can find more information about Morgan Stanley. 
INCORPORATION BY REFERENCE ................................................................................................. 87 
Incorporates financial and other information for each Issuer. It is relevant to all Securities. 
OVERVIEW OF THE POTENTIAL FOR DISCRETIONARY DETERMINATIONS BY THE 
DETERMINATION AGENT AND THE ISSUER ............................................................................. 106 
Overview of the types of events that could give rise to a discretionary determination  by the Determination 
Agent or the Issuer and the actions available to them to deal with the impact of such events. 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES ....................................................................... 126 
Comprises (i) Part 1: General Terms and Conditions (ii) Part 2: Additional Terms and Conditions and (iii) 
Part 3: Supplemental Provisions for Belgian Securities. 
PART 1:  GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS .......................................................................... 126 
Sets out the terms and conditions that apply to all Securities. 
PART 2: ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS ..................................................................... 302 
Sets out additional terms and conditions that are applicable to Securities for which the relevant Issue Terms 
specifies that they are applicable. 
PART 3: SUPPLEMENTARY PROVISIONS FOR BELGIAN SECURITIES .................................. 444 
Sets out supplemental terms and conditions that are applicable to Securities for which the relevant Issue 
Terms specifies that "Supplementary Provisions for Belgian Provisions" is applicable. 
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS FOR SECURITIES OTHER THAN PREFERENCE SHARE-LINKED 
SECURITIES ....................................................................................................................................... 456 
Provides a template for the Final Terms to be used for each issuance of Securities other than Preference 
Share-Linked Securities. 
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR SECURITIES OTHER THAN PREFERENCE SHARE-
LINKED SECURITIES ....................................................................................................................... 866 
Provides a template for the Pricing Supplement to be used for each issuance of Securities other than 
Preference Share-Linked Securities. 
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS FOR PREFERENCE SHARE-LINKED SECURITIES .................... 869 
Provides a template for the Final Terms to be used for each issuance of Preference Share-Linked 
Securities. It is relevant to all Preference Share-Linked Securities. 
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR PREFERENCE SHARE-LINKED SECURITIES ... 904 
Provides a template for the Pricing Supplement to be used for each issuance of Preference Share-Linked 
Securities. It is relevant to all Preference Share-Linked Securities.

--- Page 12 ---
xii 
 
ISSUE TERMS AND DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUSES ................................................................... 907 
Describes the "issue terms" document or "drawdown prospectus" document which will be prepared in 
respect of each Tranche of Securities. It is relevant to all Securities. 
FORMS OF SECURITIES ................................................................................................................... 908 
Describes the different forms of Securities. It is relevant to all Securities. 
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE SECURITIES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM 910 
Describes the Securities when represented in global form. It is relevant to all Securities in global form. 
DESCRIPTION OF THE MS DYNAMIC FUND ALLOCATION INDEX FAMILY....................... 913 
Describes the proprietary indices that are applicable to Securities for which the relevant Issue Terms 
specifies that they are applicable. 
DESCRIPTION OF SIENNA FINANCE UK LIMITED AND THE SIENNA FINANCE UK LIMITED 
PREFERENCE SHARES..................................................................................................................... 936 
Describes Sienna Finance UK Limited. It is relevant to all Preference-Share Linked Securities. 
BENEFIT PLAN INVESTORS ........................................................................................................... 937 
Describes restrictions of the acquisition of the Securities by benefit plan investors. It is relevant to all 
Securities. 
TAXATION ......................................................................................................................................... 938 
Provides an overview of certain taxation considerations relating to the Securities. It is relevant to all 
Securities. 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ............................................................................................................. 996 
Provides a summary of certain restrictions regarding the offer and sale of the Securities. It is relevant to 
all Securities. 
NO OWNERSHIP BY U.S. PERSONS ............................................................................................. 1005 
Describes restrictions to ownership of the Securities by U.S. Persons. 
FORM OF GUARANTEE ................................................................................................................. 1006 
Sets out the form of guarantee given by Morgan Stanley in respect of Securities issued by Morgan Stanley 
B.V. and Securities issued by Morgan Stanley Finance LLC. It is only relevant to Securities issued by 
Morgan Stanley B.V. which are guaranteed. It is relevant to all Securities issued by Morgan Stanley 
Finance LLC. 
IMPORTANT LEGAL INFORMATION .......................................................................................... 1008 
Provides certain additional information on the Securities, the Base Prospectus and the Issuers. It is relevant 
to all Securities. 
GENERAL INFORMATION ............................................................................................................ 1022 
Provides certain additional information on the Securities, the Base Prospectus and the Issuers. It is relevant 
to all Securities. 
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS ......................................................................................................... 1026 
An index of all defined terms used in this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 13 ---
General Description of the Securities 
 
 
13 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE SECURITIES 
The following overview describes the key features of the Securities that each Issuer is offering under 
the Program in general terms only.  Investors should read this general description together with the 
more detailed information that is contained in this Base Prospectus and in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Issuers 
Morgan Stanley, MSI plc, MSBV, MSFL. 
Guarantor 
In the case of Securities issued by MSBV or MSFL, Morgan 
Stanley. 
Distribution Agents 
MSI plc or any other entity approved as such from the Morgan 
Stanley group. 
Fiscal Agent 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch. 
Registrar and Transfer Agent 
The Bank of New York Mellon S.A./N.V., Luxembourg Branch 
(together with the Fiscal Agent, the "Agents"). 
Nordic Issuing Agent 
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ). 
Euroclear Registrar 
Computershare Investor Services (Guernsey) Limited. 
Securities 
Series A and Series B Securities (which may be Notes or 
Certificates) which are issued under the Regulation S Program for 
the Issuance of Notes and Certificates, Series A and B, and 
Warrants (the "Program"), and which are (i) issued pursuant to 
the issue and paying agency agreement dated on or about the date 
hereof between the Issuers, the Guarantor and the Agents (the 
"Issue and Paying Agency Agreement"), (ii) issued in 
dematerialised and uncertificated book-entry form with a Nordic 
central securities depositary pursuant to the issuing and paying 
agent agreement dated 11 April 2016 between the Nordic Issuing 
Agent, MSI plc and MSBV (the "SEB Issuing and Paying Agent 
Agreement") or (iii) issued pursuant to the Euroclear Agreement 
dated on or about the date hereof between MSBV, MSI plc and the 
Euroclear Registrar (the "Euroclear Agreement"). For the 
avoidance of doubt, this Base Prospectus does not relate to or 
describe any securities other than Notes and Certificates. 
Program Authorisations 
The issue of, amongst others, the Securities were authorised by 
Morgan Stanley pursuant to resolutions (the "Authorising 
Resolutions") adopted at a meeting of the Board of Directors of 
Morgan Stanley held on 25 September 1998, 17 June 2003, 14 
December 2004, 20 September 2005, 12 December 2006, 19 June 
2007, 17 September 2007 and 16 June 2008.  
Issuance in Series 
Securities will be issued in series (each, a "Series").  Each Series 
may comprise one or more tranches ("Tranches" and each, a 
"Tranche") issued on different issue dates.  The Securities of each 
Series will all be subject to identical terms, except that the issue 
date and the amount of the first payment of interest may be 
different in respect of different Tranches and each Series may 
comprise Securities of different denominations (in the case of 
Notes).  The Securities of each Tranche will all be subject to 
identical terms in all respects save that a Tranche may comprise 
Securities of different denominations (in the case of Notes). 
Forms of Securities 
Morgan Stanley, MSI plc, MSBV and MSFL may issue Securities 
in registered form ("Registered Securities").  Registered

--- Page 14 ---
General Description of the Securities 
 
 
14 
 
Securities may be in either individual certificate form or in global 
certificate form. MSBV and MSI plc may also issue Securities in 
dematerialised and uncertificated book-entry form with a Nordic 
central securities depositary ("Nordic Securities").  MSBV or 
MSI plc may also issue Securities in uncertificated registered form 
in accordance with the Uncertificated Securities Regulations 2001 
(as amended, modified or re-enacted and such other regulations 
made under Sections 783, 784(3), 785 and 788 of the Companies 
Act 2006 as are applicable to the Euroclear Registrar) 
("Uncertificated Securities"). 
 
Registered Securities 
 
Registered Securities will be in the form of either individual 
security certificates or global security certificates, in each case as 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms.  Each global security 
certificate will either be:  (a) in the case of Registered Securities 
which are not to be held under the New Safekeeping Structure (as 
defined below), registered in the name of a nominee of a common 
depositary for the Relevant Clearing System and the relevant 
global security certificate will be deposited on or about the issue 
date with the common depositary; or (b) in the case of Registered 
Securities which are to be held under the new safekeeping structure 
("New Safekeeping Structure" or "NSS"), registered in the name 
of a nominee of a common safekeeper for the Relevant Clearing 
System and the relevant global security certificate will be 
deposited on or about the issue date with the common safekeeper 
for the Relevant Clearing System. 
 
Uncertificated Securities 
 
Uncertificated Securities will be held in uncertificated form in 
accordance with the Uncertificated Securities Regulations 2001, 
including any modification or re-enactment thereof for the time 
being in force (the "Regulations").  The Uncertificated Registered 
Securities are participating securities for the purposes of the 
Regulations.  Title to the Uncertificated Securities is recorded on 
the relevant Operator register of eligible debt securities (as defined 
in the Regulations) and the relevant "Operator" (as such term is 
used in the Regulations) in Euroclear UK & Ireland Limited or any 
additional or alternative operator from time to time approved by 
the Issuer and the Euroclear Registrar and in accordance with the 
Regulations.  Securities in definitive registered form will not be 
issued (either upon issue or in exchange for Uncertificated 
Securities). 
 
The Euroclear Registrar will make all payments in respect of 
Uncertificated Securities. 
Terms and Conditions 
Issue Terms will be prepared in respect of each Tranche of 
Securities (each, an "Issue Terms").  The terms and conditions 
applicable to each Tranche will be those set out herein under the 
heading "Terms and Conditions of the Securities", as completed by 
the applicable Issue Terms.  The applicable Issue Terms will also 
specify which of the provisions set out in Part 1 of the Terms and 
Conditions (the "General Terms and Conditions" or "General 
Conditions"), Part 2 of the Terms and Conditions (the 
"Additional 
Terms 
and 
Conditions" 
or 
"Additional 
Conditions") and, if "Supplementary Provisions for Belgian 
Securities" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms,

--- Page 15 ---
General Description of the Securities 
 
 
15 
 
Part 3 of the Terms and Conditions (the "Belgian Supplemental 
Conditions") are applicable in respect of a particular Series of 
Securities. 
 
Any Issuer may issue Securities that are Share-Linked Securities, 
Index-Linked Securities, ETF-Linked Securities, Commodity-
Linked Securities, Currency-Linked Securities, Inflation-Linked 
Securities, Fund-Linked Securities and Preference Share-Linked 
Securities and/or any combination thereof (each as defined in 
Condition 8 (Equity-Linked, Commodity-Linked, Currency-
Linked, Inflation-Linked, Fund-Linked, Preference Share-Linked 
and Futures Contract-Linked Securities) of "Terms and 
Conditions of the Securities" hereof). 
Specified Currency 
Securities may be denominated or payable in any currency as set 
out in the applicable Issue Terms, subject to all applicable consents 
being obtained and compliance with all applicable legal and 
regulatory requirements. 
Status 
Securities will be direct and general obligations of the relevant 
Issuer. 
Guarantee 
The payment of all amounts due in respect of Securities issued by 
MSBV (unless specified otherwise in the applicable Issue Terms) 
or MSFL will be unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by 
Morgan Stanley pursuant to a guarantee dated as of 15 July 2022 
(as supplemented and/or amended and/or restated and/or replaced 
from time to time).  Payment of amounts due in respect of MSI plc 
Securities are not guaranteed by Morgan Stanley. 
Issue Price 
Securities may be issued at any price, as specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, subject to compliance with all applicable legal and 
regulatory requirements. 
Maturities 
Securities will have maturities as specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, subject to compliance with all applicable legal and 
regulatory requirements. 
 
Where Securities have a maturity of less than one year and either 
(i) the issue proceeds are received by the relevant Issuer in the 
United Kingdom or (ii) the activity of issuing the Securities is 
carried on from an establishment maintained by the relevant Issuer 
in the United Kingdom, such Securities must:  (a) have a minimum 
redemption value of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other 
currencies) and be issued only to persons whose ordinary activities 
involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, 
manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the 
purposes of their businesses; or (b) be issued in other 
circumstances which do not constitute a contravention of section 
19 of the FSMA by the relevant Issuer. 
Relevant Underlying: 
The interest and/or redemption amounts payable on Securities may 
be linked to the value or performance of (each, a "Relevant 
Underlying") (i) one or more shares (such Securities, the "Share-
Linked Securities"), (ii) one or more equity indices (such 
Securities, the "Index-Linked Securities"), (iii) interests in one or 
more exchange traded funds (such Securities, the "ETF-Linked 
Securities"), (iv) one or more commodities or commodity indices

--- Page 16 ---
General Description of the Securities 
 
 
16 
 
(such Securities, the "Commodity-Linked Securities"), (v) one 
or more currencies (such Securities, the "Currency-Linked 
Securities"), (vi) one or more inflation indices (such Securities, 
the "Inflation-Linked Securities"), (vii) interests in one or more 
funds (such Securities, the "Fund-Linked Securities"), (viii) one 
or more preference shares issued by an entity which is not Morgan 
Stanley, MSI plc, MSBV or MSFL or any legal entity belonging 
to the same group as Morgan Stanley, MSI plc, MSBV or MSFL 
(such Securities, the "Preference Share-Linked Securities") or 
(ix) one or more futures contracts (such Securities, the "Futures 
Contracts-Linked Securities"). 
Redemption 
Securities may be redeemed at par or at such other redemption 
amount (detailed in a formula or otherwise, which may be linked 
to the performance of a Relevant Underlying) or may be Securities 
("Physical Settlement Securities") which are redeemable by 
delivery of securities of an issuer that is not affiliated with Morgan 
Stanley, MSI plc, MSBV or MSFL, in each case as may be 
specified in such provisions of the General Terms and Conditions, 
the Additional Terms and Conditions and the Belgian 
Supplemental Conditions as being applicable in respect of a Series 
of Securities in the applicable Issue Terms. For the avoidance of 
doubt, where the securities being delivered are equity securities 
within the meaning of Article 2(b) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
such securities will not belong to the Issuer nor to any entity 
belonging to the group of the Issuer.  
Early Redemption 
Early redemption will be permitted: (i) for taxation reasons as 
mentioned in Conditions 16.2 and 16.3 (Redemption and 
Purchase) of "Terms and Conditions of the Securities" hereof; and 
(ii) following the occurrence of an Event of Default, if the requisite 
number of Securityholders declare the Securities to be due and 
payable following the occurrence of such Event of Default in 
accordance with Condition 21 (Events of Default) of "Terms and 
Conditions of the Securities" hereof, but will otherwise be 
permitted only to the extent specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
Interest 
Securities may be interest-bearing or non-interest-bearing.  
Interest (if any) may accrue at a fixed rate (which may be zero), a 
floating rate, a rate which varies during the lifetime of the relevant 
Series, or a rate which is linked to the performance of a Relevant 
Underlying. 
Denominations and unit value 
Notes will be issued and traded in such denominations as may be 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, subject to compliance with 
all applicable legal and regulatory requirements. Certificates will 
be issued in a number of units and traded in units, each having the 
unit value as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, subject to 
compliance with all applicable legal and regulatory requirements. 
Taxation 
Payments made by the Issuer, or if applicable, the Guarantor, in 
respect of any Securities will be made without withholding or 
deduction for, or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges of whatsoever nature 
imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by (i) in the case 
where the Issuer is MSI plc, the United Kingdom; (ii) in the case 
where the Issuer is MSBV, the Netherlands; (iii) in the case where 
the Issuer is Morgan Stanley or MSFL, the United States of 
America; or (iv) in the case of the Guarantor, the United States of

--- Page 17 ---
General Description of the Securities 
 
 
17 
 
America, in each case, including any political subdivision or any 
authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless such 
withholding or deduction is required by law. In the case of 
payments in respect of Securities issued by Morgan Stanley or 
MSFL, the beneficial owner of the Security that is not a United 
States person (or a financial institution holding the Security on 
behalf of the beneficial owner that is not a United States person) is 
required under currently applicable law to timely furnish the 
appropriate IRS Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E on which the 
beneficial owner certifies under penalties of perjury that it is not a 
United States person. In the event that any Issuer or the Guarantor 
determines that withholding or deduction of taxes is required by 
the United States, or any representative political subdivision 
thereof or any authority or agency therein having power to tax, on 
any payment on any Securities, such Issuer or Guarantor will 
(subject to customary exceptions) pay those Additional Amounts 
(as defined herein) as will result in those Securityholders who are 
U.S. Aliens (as defined herein) receiving such amounts as they 
would have received in respect of the Securities had no 
withholding or deduction been required, but only if so specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms. 
Benefit Plan Investors 
The Securities may not be acquired or held by, or acquired with 
the assets of, any employee benefit plan subject to Title I of the 
United States Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, 
as amended ("ERISA"), any individual retirement account or plan 
subject to Section 4975 of the United States Internal Revenue Code 
of 1986, as amended, or any entity whose underlying assets include 
"plan assets" within the meaning of Section 3(42) of ERISA by 
reason of any such employee benefit plan's account's or plan's 
investment therein.  
Use of Proceeds 
The net proceeds from the sale of Securities by Morgan Stanley, 
MSI plc or MSBV will be used by the relevant Issuer for general 
corporate purposes, in connection with hedging the relevant 
Issuer's obligations under the Securities, or both. 
In respect of MSBV, at least 95% of the proceeds will be invested 
(uitzetten) within the group of which it forms part. 
MSFL intends to lend the net proceeds from the sale of the 
Securities it offers to Morgan Stanley. Morgan Stanley intends to 
use the proceeds from such loans for general corporate purposes.  
Listing 
and 
admission 
to 
trading 
Applications have been made to admit the Securities which are 
"Series A" Securities by Morgan Stanley, MSI plc, MSBV or 
MSFL to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange.  The applicable Issue 
Terms will specify whether an issue of Securities which are "Series 
A Securities" will be admitted to the Official List of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to trading on the Luxembourg 
Regulated Market or the Euro MTF Market, admitted to listing, 
trading and/or quotation by any other listing authority, stock 
exchange and/or quotation system or will be unlisted, as the 
relevant Issuer and any Distribution Agent may agree.  Securities 
which are "Series B" Securities will not be admitted to listing, 
trading and/or quotation by any listing authority, stock exchange 
and/or quotation system.  
Clearing Systems 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other clearing 
system as may be specified in the applicable Issue Terms.

--- Page 18 ---
General Description of the Securities 
 
 
18 
 
Governing Law 
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
Securities and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with them shall be governed by English law. 
 
The Guarantee of Morgan Stanley in respect of Securities issued 
by MSBV or MSFL is governed by New York law. 
Enforcement of Securities in 
Global Form 
In the case of Securities issued by Morgan Stanley in global form, 
individual holders' rights will be governed by a deed of covenant 
entered into by Morgan Stanley dated 17 July 2013  (the "Morgan 
Stanley Deed of Covenant"), in the case of Securities issued by 
MSI plc in global form or in dematerialised form, individual 
holders' rights will be governed by a deed of covenant entered into 
by MSI plc dated 17 July 2013  (the "MSI plc Deed of 
Covenant"), in the case of Securities issued by MSBV in global 
form or in dematerialised form, individual holders' rights will be 
governed by a deed of covenant entered into by MSBV dated 17 
July 2013 (the "MSBV Deed of Covenant") and in the case of 
Securities issued by MSFL in global form, individual holders' 
rights will be governed by a deed of covenant entered into by 
MSFL dated 21 October 2016 (the "MSFL Deed of Covenant"), 
copies of which, in each case, will be available for inspection at 
the specified office of the Fiscal Agent. 
Restrictions on sale to U.S. 
Persons 
The Securities may not be offered, sold, pledged, assigned, 
delivered or otherwise transferred, exercised or redeemed at any 
time, directly or indirectly, within the United States or to, or for 
the account or benefit of, U.S. Persons (as defined in Regulation S 
under the Securities Act). 
Selling Restrictions 
For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and 
deliveries of the Securities and on the distribution of offering 
material in the United States and in certain other countries, see 
"Subscription and Sale" and "No Ownership by U.S. Persons" 
hereof. 
Certain Restrictions 
Except where an Index is a Proprietary Index, in respect of Index-
Linked Securities (as defined in the paragraph headed "Relevant 
Underlying" above), the specified index or basket or indices to 
which such Index-Linked Securities relate shall not be (a) any 
index composed by Morgan Stanley, MSI plc, MSBV or MSFL or 
any legal entity belonging to the same group as Morgan Stanley, 
MSI plc, MSBV or MSFL or (b) any index provided by a legal 
entity or a natural person acting in association with, or on behalf 
of Morgan Stanley, MSI plc, MSBV or MSFL. 
In respect of Share-Linked Securities (as defined in the paragraph 
headed "Relevant Underlying" above), the issuer or issuers of the 
specified share or shares to which such Share-Linked Securities 
relate shall not be Morgan Stanley, MSI plc, MSBV or MSFL or 
any legal entity belonging to the same group as Morgan Stanley, 
MSI plc, MSBV or MSFL. 
In respect of Preference Share-Linked Securities (as defined in the 
paragraph headed "Relevant Underlying" above), the issuer of the 
specified preference share to which such Preference Share-Linked 
Securities relate shall not be Morgan Stanley, MSI plc, MSBV or 
MSFL or any legal entity belonging to the same group as Morgan 
Stanley, MSI plc, MSBV or MSFL.

--- Page 19 ---
General Description of the Securities 
 
 
19 
 
In respect of Physical Settlement Securities (as defined in the 
paragraph headed "Redemption" above), any securities which are 
to be delivered pursuant to the terms and conditions of such 
Physical Settlement Securities shall not be any shares or 
transferable securities equivalent to shares in Morgan Stanley, 
MSI plc, MSBV or MSFL or any legal entity belonging to the same 
group as Morgan Stanley, MSI plc, MSBV or MSFL. 
Subordination 
Structural subordination; Morgan Stanley's access to assets held 
by subsidiaries may be restricted: The Securities issued by Morgan 
Stanley, including the guarantees of the Securities issued by 
MSBV and MSFL, are Morgan Stanley's unsecured senior 
obligations, but Morgan Stanley's assets consist primarily of equity 
in, and receivables from, its subsidiaries.   
As a result, Morgan Stanley's ability (i) to make payments on 
its Securities (ii) to make payments with respect to its 
guarantee of Securities issued by MSBV and MSFL and (iii) to 
pay dividends on its preferred stock and common stock, in 
each case depends upon its receipt of dividends, loan payments 
and other funds from its subsidiaries.  In addition, the direct 
creditors of any subsidiary will have a prior claim on the 
subsidiary's assets, if any, and Morgan Stanley's rights and the 
rights of its creditors, including a Securityholder's rights as an 
owner of Securities issued by Morgan Stanley or a 
Securityholder's rights under Morgan Stanley's guarantees of 
Securities issued by MSBV or MSFL, will be subject to that 
prior claim, except to the extent that any claims Morgan 
Stanley may have as a creditor of that subsidiary are paid.  
This subordination of parent company creditors to prior 
claims of creditors of subsidiaries over the subsidiaries' assets 
is referred to as structural subordination. 
In addition, various statutes and regulations restrict some of 
Morgan Stanley's subsidiaries from paying dividends or 
making loans or advances to Morgan Stanley.  These 
restrictions could prevent those subsidiaries from paying the 
cash to Morgan Stanley that it needs in order to pay 
Securityholders. 
 
These 
restrictions 
include, 
without 
limitation: 
• 
the net capital requirements under the Securities and 
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules of some 
exchanges and other regulatory bodies, which apply to 
some of Morgan Stanley's principal subsidiaries, such as 
Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC and MSI plc, and 
• 
banking regulations, which apply to Morgan Stanley 
Bank, N.A., a national bank, Morgan Stanley Private 
Bank, National Association (formerly Morgan Stanley 
Trust FSB), a national bank, and other bank subsidiaries 
of Morgan Stanley.  
Status of Securities 
Status of the MSI plc Securities; relationship with Morgan Stanley 
securities: The Securities issued by MSI plc are its unsecured 
obligations and holders of these Securities are direct creditors of 
MSI plc. 
Status of the MSBV Securities; relationship with Morgan Stanley 
securities: The Securities issued by MSBV are its unsecured 
obligations and holders of these Securities are direct creditors of 
MSBV, as well as direct creditors of Morgan Stanley under the

--- Page 20 ---
General Description of the Securities 
 
 
20 
 
related guarantee.  The Morgan Stanley guarantee will rank pari 
passu with all other outstanding unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations of Morgan Stanley, present and future, but, in the event 
of insolvency, only to the extent permitted by laws affecting 
creditors' rights. 
Status of the MSFL Securities; relationship with Morgan Stanley 
securities: The Securities issued by MSFL are its unsecured 
obligations and holders of these Securities are direct creditors of 
MSFL, as well as direct creditors of Morgan Stanley under the 
related guarantee.  As a finance subsidiary, MSFL has no 
independent operations beyond the issuance and administration of 
its securities and is expected to have no independent assets 
available for distributions to holders of MSFL Securities if they 
make claims in respect of the securities in a bankruptcy, resolution 
or similar proceeding.  Accordingly, any recoveries by such 
holders will be limited to those available under the related 
guarantee by Morgan Stanley and that guarantee will rank pari 
passu with all other outstanding unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations of Morgan Stanley, present and future, but, in the event 
of insolvency, only to the extent permitted by laws affecting 
creditors' rights.  Holders of Securities issued by MSFL should 
accordingly assume that in any such proceedings they would not 
have any priority over and should be treated pari passu with the 
claims of other unsecured, unsubordinated creditors of Morgan 
Stanley, including holders of Morgan Stanley-issued securities. 
Determinations made by the 
Determination Agent and the 
Issuer 
Pursuant to "Terms and Conditions of the Securities" hereof, upon 
determination by the Determination Agent, in its reasonable 
discretion, that certain events have occurred with respect to the 
Securities including, without limitation, that a Potential 
Adjustment Event, Merger Event, Tender Offer, De-listing, 
Nationalisation, Insolvency or Additional Disruption Event has 
occurred with respect to the relevant Securities, the Issuer will, in 
its reasonable discretion, determine whether the relevant Securities 
shall continue or shall be redeemed early. If the Issuer determines 
that the relevant Securities shall be redeemed early, the Issuer shall 
provide notice of such early redemption to Securityholders a 
prescribed number of days prior to the date fixed for redemption.  
If the Issuer determines that the relevant Securities shall continue 
following the occurrence of such an event, the Determination 
Agent may, in its reasonable discretion, make certain 
determinations to account for the occurrence of the relevant event, 
including to make adjustments to the terms of the Securities.   
In the event that the Determination Agent determines that an 
adjustment shall be made to the terms of the relevant Securities 
following the occurrence of such an event, the Fiscal Agent shall 
be required to provide Securityholders with notice of such 
adjustment within a prescribed time period, set out in the 
applicable Conditions of the Securities relating to the relevant 
event, following such adjustment becoming effective, provided 
that any failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of 
any such adjustment.   
Substitution 
Pursuant to Condition 35.1 (Substitution of Issuer with Morgan 
Stanley Group entities), the Issuer may be substituted for Morgan 
Stanley (if the original Issuer is not Morgan Stanley) or a 
subsidiary of Morgan Stanley without the consent of the 
Securityholders.

--- Page 21 ---
General Description of the Securities 
 
 
21 
 
If the Belgian Supplemental Conditions is specified as not 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, pursuant to Condition 
35.2 (Substitution of Issuer or Guarantor with non Morgan Stanley 
Group entities), the Issuer or the Guarantor (in the case of MSBV 
or MSFL Securities) may, subject to the Conditions set out in 
Condition 35 (Substitution) including the rights of Securityholders 
under Condition 35.6 (Right to Redemption in respect of 
substitutions with non Morgan Stanley Group entities), but without 
the consent of Securityholders, upon the occurrence of a 
Substitution Event (as defined in Condition 35.2 (Substitution of 
Issuer or Guarantor with non Morgan Stanley Group entities)), 
substitute for itself any entity which is not a Morgan Stanley Group 
entity, provided that such entity satisfies the requirements set out 
in Condition 35.2 (Substitution of Issuer or Guarantor with non 
Morgan Stanley Group entities).  
Upon a substitution of the Issuer or the Guarantor with a non 
Morgan Stanley Group entity pursuant to Condition 35.2 
(Substitution of Issuer or Guarantor with non Morgan Stanley 
Group entities), Securityholders who object to the substitution will 
have the right to require the Issuer to redeem their Securities at a 
price determined in accordance with the provisions of Condition 
35.6 (Right to Redemption in respect of substitutions with non 
Morgan Stanley Group entities), by providing notice of their 
intention to exercise such right in the manner set out in Condition 
35.6 (Right to Redemption in respect of substitutions with non 
Morgan Stanley Group entities).    
If the Issuer substitutes an entity in place of the Issuer, the tax 
consequences (including the withholding tax consequences) of 
holding the Securities may change. Except as provided in 
Condition 20.1 (Additional Amounts), if withholding is required on 
the Securities, the Issuer will not be required to pay any additional 
amounts.

--- Page 22 ---
Risk Factors relating to the Securities 
 
 
22 
 
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE SECURITIES  
Prospective investors should read the entire Base Prospectus (and where appropriate, any relevant Issue 
Terms).  Words and expressions defined elsewhere in this Base Prospectus have the same meanings in this 
section. 
Prospective investors should consider the section entitled "Risk Factors" (excluding the Risk Factor headed 
"As a finance subsidiary, MSFL has no independent operations and is expected to have no independent 
assets") at pages 3 to 22 of the Registration Document dated 10 December 2021 (the "Registration 
Document" as amended from time to time), as amended by the section entitled "Amendments to the "Risk 
Factors" Section" at page 7 of the Second Supplement to the Registration Document dated 3 March 2022  
and the section entitled "Amendments to the "Risk Factors" Section" at pages 5 to 19 of the Third 
Supplement to the Registration Document dated 21 March 2022, in respect of Morgan Stanley, MSI plc, 
MSBV and MSFL referred to in the section entitled "Incorporation by Reference" in this Base Prospectus 
and the factors described below and consult with their own professional advisors if they consider it 
necessary.  Each of the Issuers and the Guarantor believe that such factors represent the principal risks 
inherent in investing in Securities issued under the Program but the inability of an Issuer to pay interest, 
principal or other amounts on or in connection with any Securities may occur for other reasons, which may 
not be considered significant risks by such Issuer based on information currently available to it or which 
it may not currently be able to anticipate.  
This section describes generally the most significant risks of investing in Securities linked to one or 
more Relevant Underlyings such as interest rates, swap rates, shares, equity indices, proprietary 
indices, exchange traded funds, commodities or commodity indices, inflation indices, other indices, 
currencies, funds, one or more preference shares, futures contracts or constant maturity swap rates. 
Each investor should carefully consider whether the Securities, as described herein and in the 
applicable Issue Terms, are suited to its particular circumstances before deciding to purchase any 
Securities. 
1 
Risks relating to the financial situation of Morgan Stanley ...................................................... 25 
2 
Risks relating to the operation of Morgan Stanley's business activities ................................... 25 
3 
Legal, regulatory and compliance risk ....................................................................................... 26 
4 
Other risks relating to Morgan Stanley's business activities ..................................................... 26 
5 
Risks relating to MSI plc, MSBV and MSFL ............................................................................ 26 
6 
Risk Factors relating to the Issuers and Guarantor .................................................................. 26 
6.1 Credit risk .................................................................................................................................... 26 
6.2 Risks in relation to the exercise of potential resolution powers ................................................ 26 
6.3 The Issuer or the Guarantor may be substituted without the consent of the holders of Securities
 ..................................................................................................................................................... 28 
6.4 As a finance subsidiary, MSFL has no independent operations and is expected to have no 
independent assets ...................................................................................................................... 29 
6.5 Conflicts of interest ..................................................................................................................... 29 
7 
Risk Factors relating to some or all of the Securities ................................................................ 29 
7.1 Investors risk losing all of their investment in the Securities .................................................... 29 
7.2 The Securities are not ordinary debt securities .......................................................................... 29

--- Page 23 ---
Risk Factors relating to the Securities 
 
 
23 
 
7.3 The Securities may be redeemed prior to maturity .................................................................... 29 
7.4 The value of the Securities may be influenced by unpredictable factors .................................. 30 
7.5 Notes where denominations involve integral multiples ............................................................. 32 
7.6 Securities issued by MSBV and MSFL will not have the benefit of any cross-default or cross-
acceleration with other indebtedness of MSBV, MSFL or Morgan Stanley; A Morgan Stanley 
covenant default or bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization event does not constitute an 
Event of Default with respect to MSBV Securities or MSFL Securities ................................... 32 
7.7 Certain considerations regarding the use of the Securities as hedging instruments ................ 32 
7.8 Effect on the Securities of hedging transactions by the Issuer ................................................. 32 
7.9 Secondary trading of the Securities may be limited ................................................................... 33 
7.10 Modification and waiver ............................................................................................................. 33 
7.11 Restricted secondary trading if the electronic trading system is unavailable ........................... 33 
7.12 Payments on certain Securities may be subject to U.S. withholding tax ................................... 33 
7.13 Issuer call option risk ................................................................................................................. 34 
7.14 The Securities may be redeemed prior to maturity (where the Supplementary Provisions for 
Belgian Securities apply) ............................................................................................................ 35 
7.15 Securities issued at a substantial discount or premium ............................................................. 35 
7.16 An Issuer may amend the terms and conditions of the Securities, the Guarantee and the 
applicable Deed of Covenant without Securityholder consent .................................................. 36 
7.17 Settlement risk for Securities that are to be physically settled ................................................... 36 
7.18 Eurosystem eligibility for Registered Securities in global form ................................................ 36 
7.19 Risks relating to the occurrence of a Regulatory Event ............................................................ 36 
8 
Risk Factors relating to currencies and exchange rates ........................................................... 37 
8.1 Exchange rates and exchange controls may affect the value or return of the Securities ........ 37 
8.2 Emerging market currencies ...................................................................................................... 38 
8.3 Risks related to CNY Securities .................................................................................................. 38 
8.4 Exchange rates may affect the value of a judgment .................................................................. 39 
9 
Risk Factors relating to the Relevant Underlying ..................................................................... 39 
9.1 Securities linked to one or more securities, indices, commodities, commodity indices, funds, 
currencies, preference shares (including preference shares of Sienna Finance UK Limited) 
and/or futures contracts ............................................................................................................. 39 
9.2 Securities linked to one or more Emerging Market Relevant Underlying(s) ............................ 40

--- Page 24 ---
Risk Factors relating to the Securities 
 
 
24 
 
9.3 Fluctuations in value of a component of the Relevant Underlying .......................................... 40 
9.4 Exchange rate risk on the components ...................................................................................... 40 
9.5 Market Disruption Event, Disrupted Day, Adjustments and Early Redemption or termination of 
Securities ..................................................................................................................................... 40 
9.6 Securities linked to the performance of funds ........................................................................... 41 
9.7 Risks relating to Index-Linked Securities .................................................................................. 42 
9.8 Risks relating to "benchmark" rates.......................................................................................... 43 
9.9 Risks relating to Share-Linked Securities .................................................................................. 56 
9.10 Risks relating to Commodity-Linked Securities ......................................................................... 57 
9.11 Brent Commodity Reference Prices ........................................................................................... 58 
9.12 Risks relating to Currency-Linked Securities ............................................................................ 58 
9.13 Securities linked to Preference Shares ....................................................................................... 58 
9.14 Risks Relating to Futures Contract-Linked Securities .............................................................. 60 
9.15 Risks associated with Relevant Underlying comprised of a Basket ........................................... 61 
9.16 Effect of the liquidity of the Relevant Underlying on Security pricing ..................................... 61 
9.17 Historical value of the Relevant Underlying .............................................................................. 62 
9.18 Investors have no shareholder rights ......................................................................................... 62 
9.19 Risk associated with estimating the price of the Relevant Underlying if its domestic market is 
closed while secondary trading in the Securities is open ........................................................... 62 
9.20 Administrator/ Benchmark Events ............................................................................................. 62 
10 
Risk Factors relating to Securities that include certain features .............................................. 63 
10.1 Structured Rate Linked Securities .............................................................................................. 63 
10.2 Basket Securities - "Best of" Average/"Worst of" Average/"Selection" Average................... 63 
10.3 Worst-of Basket Performance feature ........................................................................................ 63 
10.4 Averaging features ...................................................................................................................... 64 
10.5 Participation feature (Final Redemption Amount) ................................................................... 64 
10.6 Barrier (including Dual Barrier) feature (Interest and Final Redemption Amount) .............. 64 
10.7 "Worst Performance" variation of "barrier" feature ............................................................... 65 
10.8 "Twin Win" variation of the "dual barrier" feature................................................................. 65

--- Page 25 ---
Risk Factors relating to the Securities 
 
 
25 
 
10.9 Automatic Early Redemption (Autocall) .................................................................................... 65 
10.10  "Worst Performance" variation of Automatic Early Redemption (Autocall) ........................ 66 
10.11 Reset Initial Reference Value (Autocall) .................................................................................. 66 
10.12 Range Accrual feature  ............................................................................................................. 66 
10.13 Put Performance ....................................................................................................................... 66 
10.14 Multiple features i.e. different combinations of payout features  ............................................ 67 
10.15 Caps and floors  ......................................................................................................................... 67 
10.16 Weighting of Basket Components  ............................................................................................ 67 
10.17 Highest Performance  ............................................................................................................... 68 
10.18 Top Rank Underlying Performance ......................................................................................... 68 
10.19 Memory feature (Interest, Automatic Early Redemption Amount or Final Redemption 
Amount)  ..................................................................................................................................... 68 
10.20 Capitalised Redemption feature  ............................................................................................... 69 
10.21 Specified Rate (interest, Automatic Early Redemption Amount and Final Redemption 
Amount)  ..................................................................................................................................... 69 
10.22 Lock in Ladder feature (Final Redemption Amount)  ............................................................. 69 
10.23 Step-Up and Step-Down features  ............................................................................................. 69 
10.24 Optimised Performance  ............................................................................................................ 70 
10.25 Change of interest basis at the Issuer's option or automatically  ............................................ 70 
10.26 Exposure to MXN and UDI fixings  ......................................................................................... 70 
10.27 Particular risks in relation to Dividend Adjusted Performance Feature of the Securities  .... 71 
10.28 Particular risks in relation to Strategy Level  ........................................................................... 71 
 
 
 
1. 
Risks relating to the financial situation of Morgan Stanley 
A description of the risks relating to the financial situation of Morgan Stanley that may affect the 
ability of the relevant Issuer to fulfil its obligations under the Securities are set out in the section 
entitled "Risks relating to the financial situation of Morgan Stanley" on pages 3-7 of the 
Registration Document. 
2. 
Risks relating to the operation of Morgan Stanley's business activities 
A description of the risks relating to the operation of Morgan Stanley's business activities that may 
affect the ability of the relevant Issuer to fulfil its obligations under the Securities are set out in the 
section entitled "Risks relating to the operation of Morgan Stanley's business activities" on pages 
7-11 of the Registration Document.

--- Page 26 ---
Risk Factors relating to the Securities 
 
 
26 
 
3. 
Legal, regulatory and compliance risk 
A description of legal, regulatory and compliance risks that may affect the ability of the relevant 
Issuer to fulfil its obligations under the Securities are set out in the section entitled "Legal, 
regulatory and compliance risk" on pages 11-15 of the Registration Document. 
4. 
Other risks relating to Morgan Stanley's business activities 
A description of other risks relating to Morgan Stanley's business activities that may affect the 
ability of the relevant Issuer to fulfil its obligations under the Securities are set out in the section 
entitled "Other risks relating to Morgan Stanley's business activities" on pages 15-18 of the 
Registration Document. 
 
5. 
Risks relating to MSI plc, MSBV and MSFL 
A description of other risks relating to MSI plc, MSBV and MSFL that may affect the ability of 
the relevant Issuer to fulfil its obligations under the Securities are set out in the section entitled 
"Risks relating to MSI plc, MSBV and MSFL" on pages 18-22 of the Registration Document. 
6. 
Risk Factors relating to the Issuers and Guarantor  
6.1 
Credit risk 
Holders of Securities issued by Morgan Stanley or MSI plc bear the credit risk of the relevant 
Issuer, that is the risk that the relevant Issuer is not able to meet its obligations under such 
Securities, irrespective of whether such Securities are referred to as capital or principal protected 
or how any principal, interest or other payments under such Securities are to be calculated. Holders 
of Securities issued by MSBV or MSFL bear the credit risk of the relevant Issuer and/or the 
Guarantor, that is the risk that the relevant Issuer and/or the Guarantor is not able to meet its 
obligations under such Securities, irrespective of whether such Securities are referred to as capital 
or principal protected or how any principal, interest or other payments under Securities are to be 
calculated. If the Issuer and/or the Guarantor is not able to meet its obligations under the Securities, 
then that would have a significant negative impact on the investor's return on the Securities and an 
investor may lose up to its entire investment.  
6.2 
Risks in relation to the exercise of potential resolution powers  
MSI plc, as an investment firm for the purposes of the Banking Act 2009 (the "Banking Act"), is 
subject to provisions of that Act which give wide powers in respect of UK banks, their parent and 
other group companies and investment firms (such as MSI plc) to HM Treasury, the Bank of 
England, the Prudential Regulation Authority and the United Kingdom Financial Conduct 
Authority ("FCA") (each a "relevant UK Regulatory Authority") in circumstances where the 
relevant UK bank or investment firm (a "relevant financial institution") has encountered or is 
likely to encounter financial difficulties. The Banking Act implemented the provisions of Directive 
2014/59/EU (the "Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive" or "BRRD") and was recently 
amended by, amongst other statutory instruments, The Bank Recovery and Resolution 
(Amendment) (EU Exit) Regulations 2020, which implement into UK law certain of the recent 
amendments to BRRD which were required to be implemented prior to the UK leaving the EU. 
These powers include powers to: (a) transfer all or some of the liability in respect of the securities 
issued by a relevant financial institution, or all or some of the property, rights and liabilities of a 
relevant financial institution (which could include instruments issued by MSI plc), to a commercial 
purchaser or, in the case of securities, to HM Treasury or an HM Treasury nominee, or, in the case 
of property, rights or liabilities, to an entity owned by the Bank of England; (b) override any default 
provisions in contracts or other agreements, including provisions that would otherwise allow a 
party to terminate a contract or accelerate the payment of an obligation; (c) commence certain 
insolvency procedures in relation to a relevant financial institution; and (d) override, vary or 
impose contractual obligations, for reasonable consideration, between a relevant financial 
institution  or its parent and its group undertakings (including undertakings which have ceased to

--- Page 27 ---
Risk Factors relating to the Securities 
 
 
27 
 
be members of the group), in order to enable any transferee or successor of the relevant financial 
institution to operate effectively.  The Banking Act also gives power to HM Treasury to make 
further amendments to the law for the purpose of enabling it to use the special resolution regime 
powers effectively, potentially with retrospective effect. 
By reason of its group relationship with certain other Morgan Stanley Group companies (including 
companies incorporated outside the UK) which are banks, investment firms or third–country 
institutions for the purposes of the Banking Act, MSI plc is a banking group company within the 
meaning of the Banking Act. Accordingly, the relevant UK Regulatory Authority can exercise 
substantially similar special resolution powers in respect of MSI plc in its capacity as a banking 
group company where the Prudential Regulation Authority or third country authority having 
jurisdiction over the relevant Morgan Stanley Group company is satisfied that such Morgan 
Stanley Group company meets the relevant conditions for resolution action (including that it is 
failing or likely to fail, that it is not reasonably likely that other measures would prevent its failure, 
and that it is in the public interest to exercise those powers) or that it satisfies an equivalent test in 
the relevant jurisdiction (irrespective of whether at that time MSI plc is failing or likely to fail). 
Additionally, where a relevant third country Morgan Stanley Group company becomes subject to 
resolution or similar measures, the relevant UK Regulatory Authority may recognise the 
application of some of those measures to MSI plc (irrespective of whether at that time MSI plc is 
failing or likely to fail). 
The powers granted to the relevant UK Regulatory Authority include (but are not limited to) a 
"write-down and conversion of capital instruments and liabilities" power and a "bail-in" power. 
The "write-down and conversion of capital instruments and liabilities power" may be used where 
the relevant UK Regulatory Authority has determined that the institution concerned has reached 
the point of non-viability, but that no bail-in of instruments other than capital instruments or (where 
the institution concerned is not a resolution entity) certain internal non-own funds liabilities 
("relevant internal liabilities") is required (however the use of the write-down and conversion 
power does not preclude a subsequent use of the bail-in power) or where the conditions to 
resolution are met. Any write-down or conversion effected using this power must be carried out in 
a specific order such that common equity must be written off, cancelled or appropriated from the 
existing shareholders in full before additional tier 1 instruments are affected, additional tier 1 
instruments must be written off or converted in full before tier 2 instruments are affected and (in 
the case of a non-resolution entity) tier 2 instruments must be written off or converted in full before 
relevant internal liabilities are affected. Where the write-down and conversion of capital 
instruments and liabilities power is used, the write-down is permanent and investors receive no 
compensation (save that common equity tier 1 instruments may be required to be issued to holders 
of written-down instruments). The write-down and conversion of capital instruments and liabilities 
power is not subject to the "no creditor worse off" safeguard (unlike the bail-in power described 
below). 
The "bail-in" power gives the relevant UK Regulatory Authority the power, in relation to a failing 
relevant financial institution or a banking group company in respect of a bank, investment firm or 
third-country institution (whether or not incorporated in the UK) which is failing or likely to fail, 
to cancel all or a portion of the principal amount of, or interest on, certain unsecured liabilities of 
a failing financial institution or its holding company, and/or to convert certain debt claims into 
another security, including ordinary shares of the surviving entity, if any. Under the Banking Act, 
such power could be utilised in relation to MSI plc were it to be failing or likely to fail, or were a 
bank, investment firm or third-country institution (whether or not incorporated in the UK) in 
respect of which MSI plc is a banking group company to be failing or likely to fail. Were such 
power to be utilised in relation to MSI plc, it could be utilised in relation to securities issued by 
MSI plc. 
The Banking Act requires the relevant UK Regulatory Authority to apply the "bail-in" power in 
accordance with a specified preference order which differs from the ordinary insolvency order.  In 
particular, the relevant UK Regulatory Authority must write-down or convert debts in the 
following order: (i) additional tier 1, (ii) tier 2, (iii) other subordinated claims and (iv) certain 
senior claims. The bail-in power is subject to the "no creditor worse off" safeguard, under which

--- Page 28 ---
Risk Factors relating to the Securities 
 
 
28 
 
any shareholder or creditor which receives less favourable treatment than they would have had the 
institution entered into insolvency may be entitled to compensation. 
Although the exercise of the bail-in power under the Banking Act is subject to certain pre-
conditions, there remains uncertainty regarding the specific factors (including, but not limited to, 
factors outside the control of MSI plc or not directly related to MSI plc) which the relevant UK 
Regulatory Authority would consider in deciding whether to exercise such power with respect to 
MSI plc and its securities. Moreover, as the relevant UK Regulatory Authority may have 
considerable discretion in relation to how and when it may exercise such power, holders of 
securities issued by MSI plc may not be able to refer to publicly available criteria in order to 
anticipate a potential exercise of such power and consequently its potential effect on MSI plc and 
securities issued by MSI plc. 
As well as a "write-down and conversion of capital instruments and liabilities" power and a "bail-
in" power, the powers of the relevant UK Regulatory Authority under the Banking Act include 
broad powers to (i) direct the sale of the relevant financial institution or the whole or part of its 
business on commercial terms without requiring the consent of the shareholders or complying with 
the procedural requirements that would otherwise apply, (ii) transfer all or part of the business of 
the relevant financial institution  to a "bridge institution" (an entity created for such purpose that 
is wholly or partially in public control) and (iii) separate assets by transferring impaired or problem 
assets to one or more publicly owned asset management vehicles to allow them to be managed 
with a view to maximising their value through eventual sale or orderly wind-down (this can be 
used together with another resolution tool only). The Bank of England has broad powers to make 
one or more share transfer instruments (in the case of a transfer to a private sector purchaser 
described in (i) or a transfer to a "bridge institution" in the case of (ii)) or one or more property 
transfer instruments (in all three cases). A transfer pursuant to a share transfer instrument or a 
property transfer instrument will take effect despite any restriction arising by virtue of contract or 
legislation or in any other way. 
In addition, the Banking Act gives the relevant UK Regulatory Authority power to amend the 
maturity date and/or any interest payment date of debt instruments or other eligible liabilities of 
the relevant financial institution and/or impose a temporary suspension of payments and/or 
discontinue the listing and admission to trading of debt instruments. 
The exercise by the relevant UK Regulatory Authority of any of the above powers under the 
Banking Act (including especially the write-down and conversion of capital instruments power 
and the bail-in power) could lead to the holders of securities issued by MSI plc losing some or all 
of their investment.  Moreover, trading behaviour in relation to the securities issued by MSI plc, 
including market prices and volatility, may be affected by the use or any suggestion of the use of 
these powers and accordingly, in such circumstances, such securities are not necessarily expected 
to follow the trading behaviour associated with other types of securities. There can be no assurance 
that the taking of any actions under the Banking Act by the relevant UK Regulatory Authority or 
the manner in which its powers under the Banking Act are exercised will not materially adversely 
affect the rights of holders of securities issued by MSI plc, the market value of an investment in 
such securities and/or MSI plc's ability to satisfy its obligations under, or under its guarantee of, 
such securities. 
6.3 
The Issuer or the Guarantor may be substituted without the consent of the holders of Securities 
The Issuer may, without the consent of Securityholders and provided certain conditions are 
satisfied, agree to (i) substitute Morgan Stanley (in the case of MSBV Securities, MSFL Securities 
or MSI plc Securities only) or a subsidiary of Morgan Stanley in place of the Issuer or (ii) if 
"Supplementary Provisions for Belgian Securities" is specified as not applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms, substitute a non-Morgan Stanley Group entity in place of the Issuer or the Guarantor 
(in the case of MSBV Securities or MSFL Securities) (provided that such non-Morgan Stanley 
Group entity is of at least the equivalent creditworthiness to the Issuer or Guarantor, as applicable). 
Any such substitution may result in a reduction in the value of the Securities.

--- Page 29 ---
Risk Factors relating to the Securities 
 
 
29 
 
6.4 
As a finance subsidiary, MSFL has no independent operations and is expected to have no 
independent assets 
The principal risks with respect to Morgan Stanley will also represent the principal risks with 
respect to MSFL, either as an individual entity or as part of the Morgan Stanley Group. 
MSFL has no independent operations beyond the issuance and administration of its securities and 
is expected to have no independent assets available for distributions to holders of MSFL Securities 
if they make claims in respect of the Securities in a bankruptcy, resolution or similar proceeding. 
Accordingly, any recoveries by such holders will be limited to those available under the related 
Guarantee by Morgan Stanley and that Guarantee will rank pari passu with all other outstanding 
unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of Morgan Stanley present and future, but, in the event 
of insolvency, only to the extent permitted by laws affecting creditors' rights. Holders will have 
recourse only to a single claim against Morgan Stanley and its assets under the Guarantee. Holders 
of Securities issued by MSFL should accordingly assume that in any such proceedings they would 
not have any priority over and should be treated pari passu with the claims of other unsecured, 
unsubordinated creditors of Morgan Stanley, including holders of Morgan Stanley-issued 
securities. Holders of the Securities issued by MSFL should therefore be aware that in any such 
proceedings a Holder's recoveries in respect of its claims under the Guarantee may be less than if 
it had such priority. 
6.5 
Conflicts of interest 
The Issuer, the Guarantor and their affiliates may act in a number of capacities in connection with 
the Securities and need not take into account the specific interests of any individual Securityholder. 
Such a party may also enter into business dealings relating to the Securities or the Relevant 
Underlying or any asset to which the Securities or Relevant Underlying are exposed, from which 
such party may derive revenues and profits in addition to any fees stated in the various documents, 
without any duty to account therefor, or act in a way that is adverse to the interests of the 
Securityholders generally. 
For further information, see the section of this Base Prospectus titled "Conflicts of Interest". 
7. 
Risk Factors relating to some or all of the Securities 
7.1 
Investors risk losing all of their investment in the Securities 
Potential investors should be aware that depending on the terms of the relevant Securities (i) they 
may receive no or a limited amount of interest, (ii) payments may occur at a different time than 
expected and (iii) except in the case of Securities which are scheduled to repay 100 per cent. 
of their principal amount (in the case of Notes) or Specified Unit Value (in the case of 
Certificates) and where the Issuer (and, where applicable, the Guarantor) does not fail to 
make such payment, they may lose all or a substantial portion of their investment if the 
value/performance of the Relevant Underlying does not move in the anticipated direction. 
7.2 
The Securities are not ordinary debt securities 
The terms of certain Securities differ from those of ordinary debt securities because the Securities 
may not pay interest and, on maturity, depending on the performance of the Relevant Underlying, 
may return less than the amount invested or nothing, or may return assets or securities of an issuer 
that is not affiliated with the Issuer, the value of which is less than the amount invested. The price 
of the Securities may fall in value as rapidly as it may rise, and investors in the Securities 
may potentially lose all of their investment. 
7.3 
The Securities may be redeemed prior to maturity  
Unless, in the case of any particular Tranche of Securities the relevant Issue Terms specify 
otherwise, in the event that the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor (if applicable) would be obliged 
to increase the amounts payable in respect of any Securities due to any withholding or deduction 
for or on account of, any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature

--- Page 30 ---
Risk Factors relating to the Securities 
 
 
30 
 
imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf of any relevant jurisdiction, the 
relevant Issuer may redeem all outstanding Securities in accordance with, if "Supplementary 
Provisions for Belgian Securities" is specified as not applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
Conditions at the redemption price specified in the applicable Issue Terms or, if "Supplementary 
Provisions for Belgian Securities" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
Belgian Supplemental Conditions at the redemption amounts specified referred to in "The 
Securities may be redeemed prior to maturity (where the Supplementary Provisions for Belgian 
Securities apply)" below. 
In addition, if, in the case of any particular Tranche of Securities, the relevant Issue Terms specify 
that the Securities are redeemable at the relevant Issuer's option in certain other circumstances, the 
relevant Issuer may choose to redeem the Securities at times when prevailing interest rates may be 
relatively low.  In such circumstances, an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption 
proceeds in a comparable security at an effective interest rate as high as that of the relevant 
Securities. 
In addition, an optional redemption feature in any particular Tranche of Securities is likely to limit 
their market value.  During any period when the relevant Issuer may elect to redeem Securities, 
the market value of those Securities generally will not rise substantially above the price at which 
they can be redeemed.  This also may be true prior to any redemption period. 
In the case of certain Securities, if such Securities are redeemed early for any reason, the amount 
payable by the Issuer may be less than the amount that would have been paid had the Securities 
been redeemed at maturity. 
In addition, in the circumstance of an event of default by the relevant Issuer and acceleration of 
the Securities, the investor would have an unsecured claim against the Issuer or, if applicable, the 
Guarantor for the amount due on the early redemption of the Securities. 
7.4 
The value of the Securities may be influenced by unpredictable factors 
The value of the Securities may be influenced by several factors beyond the Issuer's, and/or its 
Affiliates' and, where applicable, the Guarantor's control, including the following: 
(1) 
Valuation of the Relevant Underlying.  The market price or value of a Security at any time 
is expected to be affected primarily by changes in the level of the Relevant Underlying to 
which the Securities are linked.  It is impossible to predict how the level of the Relevant 
Underlying will vary over time.  The historical performance value (if any) of the Relevant 
Underlying does not indicate the future performance of the Relevant Underlying.  Factors 
which may have an effect on the value of the Relevant Underlying include the rate of return 
of the Relevant Underlying and, where relevant, the financial position and prospects of the 
issuer of the Relevant Underlying, the market price or value of the applicable underlying 
security, index, ETF, commodity, fund, basket of securities, indices, ETFs, commodities, 
funds, futures contracts or constant maturity swap rates.  In addition, the level of the 
Relevant Underlying may depend on a number of inter-related factors, including economic, 
financial and political events and their effect on the capital markets generally and relevant 
stock exchanges.  Potential investors should also note that whilst the market value of the 
Securities is linked to the Relevant Underlying and will be influenced (positively or 
negatively) by the Relevant Underlying, any change may not be comparable and may be 
disproportionate.  It is possible that while the Relevant Underlying is increasing in value, 
the value of the Securities may fall.  Further, the Conditions of the Securities will allow the 
Determination Agent to make adjustments or take any other appropriate action if 
circumstances occur where the Securities or any exchanges or price sources are affected by 
market disruption, adjustment events or circumstances affecting normal activities. 
(2) 
Volatility.  The term "volatility" refers to the actual and anticipated frequency and 
magnitude of changes of the market price with respect to a Relevant Underlying.  Volatility 
is affected by a number of factors such as macroeconomic factors (i.e. those economic 
factors which have broad economic effects), speculative trading and supply and demand in 
the options, futures and other derivatives markets.  Volatility of a Relevant Underlying will

--- Page 31 ---
Risk Factors relating to the Securities 
 
 
31 
 
move up and down over time (sometimes more sharply than at other times) and different 
Relevant Underlyings will most likely have separate volatilities at any particular time. 
(3) 
Dividend Rates and other Distributions.  The value of certain Equity-Linked Securities, 
Fund-Linked Securities and Futures Contract-Linked Securities could, in certain 
circumstances, be affected by fluctuations in the actual or anticipated rates of dividend (if 
any) or other distributions on a Relevant Underlying. 
(4) 
Interest Rates.  Investments in the Securities may involve interest rate risk.  The interest 
rate level may fluctuate on a daily basis and cause the value of the Securities to change on 
a daily basis.  The interest rate risk is a result of the uncertainty with respect to future 
changes of the market interest rate level. Even if the Securities are "100% principal 
protected" (that is, scheduled to pay back 100% of their principal amount (in the case of 
Notes) or their Specified Unit Value (in the case of Certificates) at maturity), this is subject 
to the Issuer and, if applicable, the Guarantor not being insolvent and not failing to make 
its full payment obligations at maturity. 
(5) 
Remaining Term.  Generally, the effect of pricing factors over the term of the Securities 
will decrease as the maturity date approaches.  However, this reduction in the effect of 
pricing factors will not necessarily develop consistently up until the maturity date, but may 
undergo temporary acceleration and/or deceleration.  Even if the price of the Relevant 
Underlying rises or falls there may a reduction or increase, as the case may be, in the value 
of the Securities due to the other value determining factors.  Given that the term of the 
Securities is limited, investors cannot rely on the price of the Relevant Underlying or the 
value of the Securities recovering again prior to maturity. 
(6) 
Creditworthiness.  Any prospective investor who purchases the Securities is relying upon 
the creditworthiness of the Issuer and/or the Guarantor, if applicable, and has no rights 
against any other person.  If the Issuer and/or the Guarantor, if applicable, becomes 
insolvent, investors may suffer potential loss of their entire investment irrespective of any 
favourable development of the other value determining factors, such as a Relevant 
Underlying. 
(7) 
Exchange Rates.  Even where payments in respect of the Securities are not expressly linked 
to a rate or rates of exchange between currencies, the value of the Securities could, in certain 
circumstances, be affected by such factors as fluctuations in the rates of exchange between 
any currency in which any payment in respect of the Securities is to be made and any 
currency in which a Relevant Underlying is traded, appreciation or depreciation of any such 
currencies and any existing or future or governmental or other restrictions on the 
exchangeability of such currencies.  There can be no assurance that rates of exchange 
between any relevant currencies which are current rates at the date of issue of the Securities 
will be representative of the relevant rates of exchange used in computing the value of the 
Securities at any time thereafter.  Where Securities are described as being "quantoed", the 
value of the Relevant Underlying will be converted from one currency (the "Relevant 
Underlying Currency") into a new currency (the "Settlement Currency") on the date and in 
the manner specified in, or implied by, the Conditions using a fixed exchange rate. The cost 
to the Issuer of maintaining such a fixing between the Relevant Underlying Currency and 
the Settlement Currency will affect the payout on the Securities and their value. No 
assurance can be given as to whether or not, taking into account relative exchange rate and 
interest rate fluctuations between the Relevant Underlying Currency and the Settlement 
Currency, a quanto feature in a Security would enhance the return on the Security over a 
level of a similar security issued without such a quanto feature, and a quanto feature may 
worsen the return. 
Some or all of the above factors will influence the price investors will receive if an investor sells 
its Securities prior to maturity, which is usually referred to as "secondary market practice".  For 
example, investors may have to sell certain Securities at a substantial discount from the principal 
amount, unit value, issue price or investment amount of such Securities if the market price or value 
of the applicable Relevant Underlying is at, below, or not sufficiently above the initial market price 
or value or if market interest rates rise.  The secondary market price may be lower than the market 
value of the issued Securities as at the Issue Date to take into account, amongst other things,

--- Page 32 ---
Risk Factors relating to the Securities 
 
 
32 
 
amounts paid to distributors and other intermediaries relating to the issue and sale of the Securities 
and amounts relating to the hedging of the Issuer's obligations.  As a result of all of these factors, 
any investor that sells the Securities before the stated expiration or maturity date, may receive an 
amount in the secondary market which may be less than the then intrinsic market value of the 
Securities and which may also be less than the amount the investor would have received had the 
investor held the Securities through to maturity. 
7.5 
Notes where denominations involve integral multiples 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified 
Denomination plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible 
that such Notes may be traded in amounts in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination that 
are not integral multiples of such minimum Specified Denomination.  
In such a case a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less 
than the minimum Specified Denomination in his account with the relevant clearing system would 
not be able to sell the remainder of such holding without first purchasing a principal amount 
of Notes at or in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination such that its holding 
amounts to a Specified Denomination.  
Further, a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less than the 
minimum Specified Denomination in his account with the relevant clearing system at the relevant 
time may not receive a definitive Security in respect of such holding (should definitive Notes 
be printed) and would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes at or in excess of the 
minimum Specified Denomination such that its holding amounts to a Specified 
Denomination. 
7.6 
Securities issued by MSBV and MSFL will not have the benefit of any cross-default or cross-
acceleration with other indebtedness of MSBV, MSFL or Morgan Stanley; A Morgan Stanley 
covenant default or bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization event does not constitute an Event 
of Default with respect to MSBV Securities or MSFL Securities 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Issue Terms, the securities issued by MSBV and MSFL 
will not have the benefit of any cross-default or cross-acceleration with other indebtedness of 
MSBV, MSFL or Morgan Stanley (as applicable). In addition, a covenant default by Morgan 
Stanley, as guarantor, or an event of bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization of Morgan Stanley, 
as guarantor, does not constitute an Event of Default with respect to any securities issued by MSBV 
or MSFL. Holders of the Securities should be aware that they will not have the right to request the 
Issuer to redeem the Securities following a default by MSBV, MSFL or Morgan Stanley (as 
applicable) under its other indebtedness or following such covenant default or event of bankruptcy 
or insolvency or reorganization of Morgan Stanley, as Guarantor. 
7.7 
Certain considerations regarding the use of the Securities as hedging instruments 
Any person intending to use the Securities as a hedge instrument should recognise the "correlation 
risk" of doing this.  Correlation risk is the potential differences in exposure for a potential investor 
that may arise from the ownership of more than one financial instrument.  The Securities may not 
hedge exactly a Relevant Underlying or portfolio of which a Relevant Underlying forms a part.  In 
addition, it may not be possible to liquidate the Securities at a level which directly reflects the price 
of the Relevant Underlying or portfolio of which the Relevant Underlying forms a part.  Potential 
investors should not rely on the ability to conclude transactions during the term of the 
Securities to offset or limit the relevant risks.  This depends on market conditions and the 
value and/or performance of the Relevant Underlying.  It is possible that such transactions 
will only be concluded at an unfavourable market price, resulting in a corresponding loss for 
Securityholders. 
7.8 
Effect on the Securities of hedging transactions by the Issuer 
The Issuer may use a portion of the total proceeds from the sale of the Securities for transactions 
to hedge the risks of the Issuer relating to the Securities.  In such case, the Issuer or any of its

--- Page 33 ---
Risk Factors relating to the Securities 
 
 
33 
 
Affiliates may conclude transactions that correspond to the obligations of the Issuer under the 
Securities.  As a rule, such transactions are concluded prior to or on the Issue Date, but it is also 
possible to conclude such transactions after issue of the Securities.  On or before a valuation date 
the Issuer or any of its Affiliates may take the steps necessary for closing out any hedging 
transactions.  It cannot, however, be ruled out that the price of a Relevant Underlying will be 
influenced by such transactions.  Entering into or closing out these hedging transactions may 
influence the probability of occurrence or non occurrence of determining events in the case of 
Securities with a value based on the occurrence of a certain event in relation to a Relevant 
Underlying. Also, as noted above, these hedging activities could affect the price, rate, level or 
other value of the Relevant Underlying(s).  Accordingly, the hedging activities of the Issuer and 
its affiliates could have a significant negative (or positive) impact on the investor's return on the 
Securities. 
7.9 
Secondary trading of the Securities may be limited 
Potential investors should be willing to hold the Securities until maturity.  The nature and extent 
of any secondary market in the Securities cannot be predicted and there may be little or no 
secondary market in the Securities.  As a consequence any person intending to hold the Securities 
should consider liquidity in the Securities as a risk.  Where the Securities are listed or quoted on 
an exchange or quotation system, this does not imply greater or lesser liquidity than if equivalent 
Securities were not so listed or quoted and the Issuer cannot guarantee that the listing or quotation 
will be permanently maintained.  Where the Securities are not listed or quoted, it becomes more 
difficult to purchase and sell such Securities and there may also be a lack of transparency with 
regard to pricing information. 
Further, although an Issuer may apply to have certain issuances of Securities admitted to listing 
on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to trading on the Luxembourg 
Regulated Market or on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's Euro MTF market, or admitted to 
listing, trading and/or quotation by any other listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation 
system, approval for any listing is subject to meeting the relevant listing requirements.  Even if 
there is a secondary market, it may not provide enough liquidity to allow the investor to sell or 
trade the Securities easily.  MSI plc and other affiliates of Morgan Stanley may from time to time, 
make a market in the Securities, but they are not required to do so, save to the extent required 
under the rules of any stock exchange on which the Securities are listed and admitted to trading. 
If MSI plc or one or more of its affiliates does make a market for the Securities, it may cease to do 
so at any time without notice to investors and it is not obligated to provide any quotation of bid or 
offer price(s) for the Securities which is favourable to investors.  If at any time MSI plc and other 
affiliates of the Issuers were to cease making a market in the Securities, it is likely that there would 
be little or no secondary market for the Securities. This may impact the ability of a Securityholder 
to sell the Securities at any time. 
7.10 
Modification and waiver 
The Conditions of the Securities contain provisions for calling meetings of Securityholders to 
consider matters affecting their interests generally.  These provisions permit defined majorities to 
bind all holders of the relevant Securities, including holders who did not attend and vote at the 
relevant meeting and holders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. Holders of the 
Securities should be aware that if they are not part of the defined majority, including if such holder 
did not attend the relevant meeting, they will be bound by the decision of the defined majority on 
matters which may negatively affect the interests of the such holder. 
7.11 
Restricted secondary trading if the electronic trading system is unavailable  
Trading in the Securities may be conducted via one or more electronic trading systems so that 
"buy" and "sell" prices can be quoted for exchange and off-exchange trading.  If an electronic 
trading system used by the Issuer and/or its Affiliates were to become partially or completely 
unavailable, such a development would have a corresponding effect on the ability of investors to 
trade the Securities. 
7.12 
Payments on certain Securities may be subject to U.S. withholding tax

--- Page 34 ---
Risk Factors relating to the Securities 
 
 
34 
 
Payments on a Security issued by Morgan Stanley or MSFL that are treated as interest for U.S. 
federal income tax purposes may be subject to U.S. withholding tax of 30 per cent. if the beneficial 
owner of the Security does not meet the criteria for being exempt from this withholding tax. These 
criteria include the requirement that the beneficial owner (or any financial institution holding the 
Security on behalf of the beneficial owner) comply with certain U.S. tax identification and 
certification requirements, generally by furnishing the appropriate Internal Revenue Service 
("IRS") Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E on which the beneficial owner certifies under penalties of 
perjury that it is not a United States person, as defined in the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, 
as amended (the "Code"). In the case of certain other coupon-paying Securities, a non-U.S. 
investor may be required to establish an exemption under the "other income" provision of a 
Qualifying Treaty (as defined below) in order to receive payments from Morgan Stanley or MSFL 
without U.S. withholding tax of 30 per cent. An income tax treaty between a non-U.S. jurisdiction 
and the United States is a "Qualifying Treaty" if it provides for a 0 per cent. rate of tax on "other 
income" earned by a resident of the non-U.S. jurisdiction from sources within the United States. 
Because most income tax treaties contain complex eligibility rules and limitations, a non-U.S. 
investor should consult its tax advisor about its eligibility for this exemption. 
Further, as discussed in "Taxation – United States Federal Taxation" below, Sections 1471 through 
1474 of the Code and any regulations thereunder or official guidance in connection therewith, an 
agreement entered into with the IRS pursuant to such sections of the Code, or an intergovernmental 
agreement (an "IGA") between the United States and another jurisdiction (or local implementing 
rules) in furtherance of such sections of the Code (collectively referred to as "FATCA") may 
impose a withholding tax of 30 per cent. on payments made on the Securities (including payments 
made by financial intermediaries), unless various U.S. information reporting and due diligence 
requirements have been satisfied. 
In addition, as discussed in "Taxation – United States Federal Taxation" below, Section 871(m) 
of the Code and the regulations thereunder require withholding (of up to 30 per cent, subject to the 
provisions of any applicable income tax treaty) on payments or deemed payments made to non-
U.S. persons on certain financial instruments to the extent that such payments are treated, for U.S. 
federal income tax purposes, as being U.S.-source dividend equivalent amounts. 
If U.S. withholding tax is imposed because a beneficial owner (or financial institution holding a 
Security on behalf of a beneficial owner) does not timely provide the required U.S. tax forms or 
meet the criteria for exemption from such U.S. withholding tax or if withholding is imposed under 
FATCA or Section 871(m), none of the Issuers, the Guarantor or any intermediary will be required 
to pay any additional amounts or otherwise indemnify a holder with respect to the amounts so 
withheld, unless specified otherwise in the applicable Issue Terms.  See "Taxation – United States 
Federal Taxation" below for further discussion of these rules. Prospective investors should 
therefore be aware that, if U.S. withholding tax is so imposed, investors generally will receive less 
than the amount that investors would have been entitled to receive under the terms of the Securities 
if such U.S. withholding tax had not been imposed. 
7.13 
Issuer call option risk 
If Call Option is specified in the relevant Issue Terms as being applicable, the Issuer will have the 
right to terminate the Securities on any Call Option Date. Following the exercise by the Issuer of 
such Call Option, the investors will be entitled to receive a pre-determined amount which may be 
less than the amount that the investors would have been entitled to receive under the terms of the 
Securities if such Call Option had not been exercised.  
The determination to terminate the Securities will be made by the Issuer taking into account a 
number of factors, including the current level of the reference asset and the likelihood that such 
levels will be maintained, or will increase or decrease, in the future. In making such determination, 
the Issuer will consider whether the expected performance of the reference asset could imply that 
a higher amount could be payable in the future under the Securities than Optional Redemption 
Amount (Call). As a result, it is likely that the Issuer will exercise the Call Option at a time in 
which the termination of the Securities is least favourable for the investors. The Issuer shall 
make such determination without taking into account the interest of the investors. The Call 
Option therefore can limit the possibility for investors to realise in full the expected returns.

--- Page 35 ---
Risk Factors relating to the Securities 
 
 
35 
 
If the Issuer exercises the Call Option, investors in the Securities will no longer be able to 
participate in the performance of the reference asset. 
An optional termination feature of the Securities is likely to limit their market value. During any 
period when the Issuer may elect to terminate the Securities, the market value of those Securities 
generally will not rise substantially above the price at which they can be terminated. 
If the Issuer exercises the Call Option, investors generally might not be able to reinvest the 
termination proceeds rate in the same market environment as it was available at the time in which 
they invested in the Securities and they might be unable to reinvest at a comparable rate of returns. 
Investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at the time of 
their investment decision. 
7.14 
The Securities may be redeemed prior to maturity (where the Supplementary Provisions for 
Belgian Securities apply) 
If "Supplementary Provisions for Belgian Securities" is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms and any outstanding Securities may be redeemed by the Issuer following the 
occurrence of certain events that significantly alter the economics of the relevant Securities that 
existed on the relevant Trade Date, the amount payable by the Issuer will depend on whether such 
event is an event that definitively prevents the performance of the Issuer's or the Determination 
Agent's obligations under the Securities and for which the Issuer or the Determination Agent is 
not accountable (a "Force Majeure Event"). 
If the relevant event is a Force Majeure Event, the Issuer will (if and to the extent permitted by 
applicable law and regulation) pay an amount on the relevant early redemption date which will be 
equal to the fair market value of the Securities. 
If the relevant event is not a Force Majeure Event, then: 
(1) 
if Minimum Redemption Amount is specified as not applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, 
the Issuer will pay an amount on the relevant early redemption date which will be equal to 
the fair market value of the Securities (plus a pro-rata reimbursement of the costs of the 
Issuer paid by the original Securityholder as part of the Issue Price of the Securities, as 
adjusted to take into account the time remaining until maturity); or 
(2) 
if Minimum Redemption Amount is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the 
Issuer will pay an amount on the Maturity Date of the Securities equal to the minimum 
level of the final redemption amount payable on the Maturity Date, plus the sum of the 
value of the derivative component of such Security, plus a sum representing the 
reimbursement of costs initially charged to investors by the Issuer for issuing the Security 
(as adjusted to take into account the time remaining to maturity), compounded at a rate of 
interest for comparable debt instruments issued by the Issuer (or, in the case of any 
Securities guaranteed by the Guarantor, the Guarantor) for the remaining term of the 
Securities. However, the holder of a Security may instead choose to receive payment prior 
to the Maturity Date by electing to receive an amount equal to the fair market value of the 
Securities (plus a pro-rata reimbursement of the costs of the Issuer paid by the original 
Securityholder as part of the Issue Price of the Securities, as adjusted to take into account 
the time remaining until maturity) on the relevant early redemption date. 
The Issuer's obligations under the Securities shall be satisfied in full upon payment of such 
amounts. 
The amount payable by the Issuer in the circumstances set out above may be less than the amount 
that would have been paid had the Securities been redeemed at maturity. 
Prospective investors should review the Conditions as amended by the Belgian Supplemental 
Conditions to ascertain how such provisions apply to the Securities and what may constitute an 
early redemption event or a force majeure event. 
7.15 
Securities issued at a substantial discount or premium

--- Page 36 ---
Risk Factors relating to the Securities 
 
 
36 
 
The market values of Securities issued at a substantial discount or premium from their principal 
amount (in the case of Notes) or unit value (in the case of Certificates) tend to fluctuate more in 
relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional interest-bearing 
Securities.  Generally, the longer the remaining term of such Securities, the greater the price 
volatility as compared to conventional interest-bearing Securities with comparable maturities.  
7.16 
An Issuer may amend the terms and conditions of the Securities, the Guarantee and the 
applicable Deed of Covenant without Securityholder consent  
Condition 26.2 (Modification) of the "Terms and Conditions of the Securities" below allows an 
Issuer to amend the terms and conditions of the Securities, the Guarantee and the Deeds of 
Covenant without the consent of the Securityholders if, in that Issuers' opinion: (i) the amendment 
is to correct a manifest or proven error; (ii) where the effect of the amendment is of a formal, minor 
or technical nature; (iii) the amendment is to cure any ambiguity or is to correct or supplement any 
defective provisions; (iv) the amendment is to correct an error or omission such that, in the absence 
of such correction, the terms of the Securities would not otherwise represent the intended terms on 
which the Securities were sold and have since traded; or (v) the amendment is not materially 
prejudicial to Securityholders.  Prospective investors should be aware that the Issuer is not required 
to consult with any other party, including the Securityholders, prior to amending the terms and 
conditions of the Securities, the Guarantee and/or the Deeds of Covenant pursuant to this 
Condition.  An Issuer is entitled to exercise its discretion in making these determinations and 
Securityholders will be bound by any such amendments made pursuant to Condition 26.2 
(Modification), notwithstanding that the Securityholder's consent is not required for such 
amendments. 
7.17 
Settlement risk for Securities that are to be physically settled 
If (with respect to any Securities that are physically settled) prior to the delivery of any specified 
asset(s), the Determination Agent for the Securities determines that a settlement disruption event 
(as defined in Condition 19.3 (Settlement Disruption of Physical Settlement) of the "Terms and 
Conditions of the Securities" below, a "Settlement Disruption Event") is subsisting, then the 
obligation to deliver such asset(s) shall be postponed to the first following business day on which 
no Settlement Disruption Event is subsisting.  Prospective investors should note that any such 
determination may affect the value of the Securities and/or may delay settlement in respect of the 
Securities. 
Prospective investors should note that for so long as any delivery of any part of the specified 
asset(s) is not practicable by reason of a Settlement Disruption Event, then the Issuer may, in its 
reasonable discretion, satisfy its obligations to deliver such part of the specified asset(s) by 
payment of a disrupted cash settlement price.  Prospective investors should note that the disrupted 
cash settlement price will reflect the fair market value of the Securities less the cost to the Issuer 
and/or any of its Affiliates of unwinding any Relevant Underlying related hedging arrangements 
and that any such determination may adversely affect the value of the Securities. 
7.18 
Eurosystem eligibility for Registered Securities in global form 
Registered Securities in global form which are to be held under the New Safekeeping Structure 
may be issued with the intention that such Securities be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem, either upon issue 
or at any or all times during their life. Such recognition will depend upon satisfaction of the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria as specified by the European Central Bank. However, there is no 
guarantee that such Securities will be recognised as eligible collateral. Any other Securities 
are not intended to be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-
day credit operations by the Eurosystem. 
7.19 
Risks relating to the occurrence of a Regulatory Event 
Securityholders of Securities issued by MSBV should note that if Condition 22 (Illegality and 
Regulatory Event) of the "Terms and Conditions of the Securities" below is specified as being 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the Issuer shall have the right to redeem the Securities early

--- Page 37 ---
Risk Factors relating to the Securities 
 
 
37 
 
(at the amount specified in the relevant Issue Terms) if the Issuer has determined that a Regulatory 
Event has occurred.  
Securityholders should note in this regard the circumstances in which a Regulatory Event may be 
deemed by the Issuer to have occurred pursuant to the definition of "Regulatory Event" under 
Condition 2.1 (Definitions) of the "Terms and Conditions of the Securities" below. There can be 
no assurance that a Regulatory Event will not occur and Securityholders should be aware that, 
should a Regulatory Event occur, it may lead to an early redemption of the Securities.  
8. 
Risk Factors relating to currencies and exchange rates 
8.1 
Exchange rates and exchange controls may affect the value or return of the Securities 
General Exchange Rate and Exchange Control Risks.  An investment in a Security denominated 
in, or the payment of which is linked to the value of, currencies other than the investor's home 
currency entails significant risks.  These risks include the possibility of significant changes in rates 
of exchange between its home currency and the other relevant currencies and the possibility of the 
imposition or modification of exchange controls by the relevant governmental authorities.  These 
risks generally depend on economic and political events over which the Issuers have no control.  
Such risks may impact the payments due under the Securities and therefore the value or return of 
the Securities.  
Exchange Rates Will Affect the Investor's Investment.  In recent years, rates of exchange between 
some currencies have been highly volatile and this volatility may continue in the future.  
Fluctuations in any particular exchange rate that have occurred in the past are not necessarily 
indicative, however, of fluctuations that may occur during the term of any Security.  Depreciation 
against the investor's home currency or the currency in which a Security is payable would result 
in a decrease in the effective yield of the Security below its coupon rate and could result in an 
overall loss to an investor on the basis of the investor's home currency.  In addition, depending on 
the specific terms of a Currency-Linked Security, changes in exchange rates relating to any of the 
relevant currencies could result in a decrease in its effective yield and in the investor's loss of all 
or a substantial portion of the value of that Security. 
The Issuers Have No Control Over Exchange Rates.  Currency exchange rates can either float or 
be fixed.  Exchange rates of most economically developed nations are permitted to fluctuate in 
value relative to each other.  However, from time to time governments may use a variety of 
techniques, such as intervention by a country's central bank, the imposition of regulatory controls 
or taxes, or changes in interest rate to influence the exchange rates of their currencies.  
Governments may also issue a new currency to replace an existing currency or alter the exchange 
rate or relative exchange characteristics by a devaluation or revaluation of a currency.  These 
governmental actions could change or interfere with currency valuations and currency fluctuations 
that would otherwise occur in response to economic forces, as well as in response to the movement 
of currencies across borders. 
As a consequence, these government actions could adversely affect yields or payouts (i) in the 
investor's home currency for Securities denominated or payable in currencies other than the 
investor's home currency and (ii) for Currency-Linked Securities. 
The Issuers will not make any adjustment or change in the terms of the Securities in the event that 
exchange rates should become fixed, or in the event of any devaluation or revaluation or imposition 
of exchange or other regulatory controls or taxes, or in the event of other developments affecting 
any currency.  Therefore the investor will bear those risks, which may adversely impact the return 
on and value of the Securities. 
Some Currencies May Become Unavailable.  Governments have imposed from time to time, and 
may in the future impose, exchange controls that could also affect the availability of a Specified 
Currency (as defined herein).  Even if there are no actual exchange controls, it is possible that the 
applicable currency for any security would not be available when payments on that security are 
due. Prospective investors in Securities should be aware that the Determination Agent may 
determine that a Currency Disruption Event has occurred or exists on a relevant date of valuation, 
and any consequential determination of the Settlement Rate by the Determination Agent in

--- Page 38 ---
Risk Factors relating to the Securities 
 
 
38 
 
accordance with the Currency Disruption Fallbacks may have an adverse effect on the return on 
and value of the Securities. 
Currency Exchange Information may be provided in the Issue Terms. The applicable Issue Terms 
or base prospectus supplement, where relevant, may include information with respect to any 
relevant exchange controls and any relevant historic exchange rate information for any Security. 
An investor in Securities should not assume that any historic information concerning currency 
exchange rates will be representative of the range of, or trends in, fluctuations in currency 
exchange rates that may occur in the future. Future fluctuations in currency exchange rates, the 
range of such fluctuations or trends in such fluctuations may adversely impact the return on and 
value of the Securities. 
8.2 
Emerging market currencies 
Where the Securities are denominated in an emerging market currency or linked to one or more 
emerging market currencies, such emerging market currencies can be significantly more volatile 
than currencies of more developed markets.  Emerging markets currencies are highly exposed to 
the risk of a currency crisis happening in the future and this could trigger the need for the 
determination agent (MSI plc or an affiliate) to make adjustments to the terms and conditions of 
the Securities. Such adjustments may have an adverse affect on the value or return of the Securities. 
8.3 
Risks related to CNY Securities 
In this Risk Factor, references to "CNY Securities" are to Securities denominated in CNY or 
Renminbi deliverable in Hong Kong, or such other CNY Centre as specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
Renminbi is not a freely convertible currency at present. The PRC government continues to 
regulate conversion between Renminbi and foreign currencies. The People's Bank of China 
("PBOC") has established Renminbi clearing and settlement systems for certain locations pursuant 
to settlement agreements relating to the clearing of Renminbi business between PBOC and certain 
clearing banks. However, the current size of Renminbi and Renminbi denominated financial assets 
outside the PRC remains limited, and its growth is subject to many constraints which are directly 
affected by PRC laws and regulations on foreign exchange and may adversely affect the liquidity 
of CNY Securities. 
There is no assurance that the PRC government will continue to gradually liberalise control over 
cross-border remittance of Renminbi in the future, that any schemes for Renminbi cross-border 
utilisation will not be discontinued or that new regulations in the PRC will not be promulgated in 
the future which have the effect of restricting or eliminating the remittance of Renminbi into or 
outside the PRC. In the event that any regulatory restrictions inhibit the ability of the Issuer to 
repatriate funds outside the PRC to meet its obligations under CNY Securities, the Issuer will need 
to source Renminbi offshore to finance such obligations under CNY Securities, and its ability to 
do so will be subject to the overall availability of Renminbi outside the PRC. 
The limited availability of Renminbi outside the PRC may affect the liquidity of the CNY 
Securities and the Issuer's ability to source Renminbi on satisfactory terms to make payments in 
respect of the CNY Securities. 
Investment in CNY Securities is subject to exchange rate risks 
The value of Renminbi against the Hong Kong Dollar and other foreign currencies fluctuates and 
is affected by developments in or affecting the PRC, PBOC currency exchange policy, 
international political and economic conditions and many other factors. All payments with respect 
to the CNY Securities will be made in CNY, except in the case of CNY Inconvertibility, CNY 
Non-transferability or CNY Illiquidity (as defined in Condition 34 (CNY Disruption Events) of the 
"Terms and Conditions of the Securities" below), in which case all payments and settlement in 
CNY will be made in accordance with the provisions of Condition 34 (CNY Disruption Events) if 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms. As a result, the value of CNY payments may vary with the 
prevailing exchange rates in the marketplace. If the value of CNY depreciates against the relevant 
currency, the value of the investment in relevant currency will have declined. In the case of CNY

--- Page 39 ---
Risk Factors relating to the Securities 
 
 
39 
 
Inconvertibility, CNY Non-transferability or CNY Illiquidity (as defined in Condition 34 (CNY 
Disruption Events)), such a decline may be very substantial. In August 2015, PBOC changed the 
way it calculates the mid-point price of Renminbi against the U.S. dollar, requiring the market-
makers who submit for the PBOC's reference rates to consider the previous day's closing spot rate, 
foreign-exchange demand and supply as well as changes in major currency rates. This change, and 
other changes such as widening the trading band that may be implemented, may increase volatility 
in the value of the Renminbi against foreign currencies. In May 2017, PBOC further decided to 
introduce counter-cyclical factors to offset the market pro-cyclicality, so that the midpoint quotes 
could adequately reflect PRC's actual economic performance. However, the volatility in the value 
of the Renminbi against other currencies still exists. 
Payments for the CNY Securities will only be made to investors in the manner specified in the CNY 
Securities 
All payments to investors in respect of the Securities will be made solely (i) for so long as the 
CNY Securities are represented by a Registered Security held with the common depositary for 
Clearstream Banking société anonyme and Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. or any alternative clearing 
system by transfer to a CNY bank account maintained outside the PRC, or (ii) for so long as the 
CNY Securities are in definitive form, by transfer to a CNY bank account maintained outside the 
PRC, in each case in accordance with prevailing rules and regulations. The Issuer cannot be 
required to make payment by any other means (including in any other currency or by transfer to a 
bank account in the PRC). In addition, there can be no assurance that access to Renminbi for the 
purposes of making payments under the CNY Securities or generally may remain or will not 
become restricted. If it becomes impossible to convert Renminbi from/to another freely convertible 
currency, or transfer Renminbi between accounts in the relevant offshore CNY centre(s), or the 
general Renminbi exchange market in the relevant offshore CNY centre(s) becomes illiquid, any 
payment of Renminbi under the CNY Securities may be delayed or all payments and settlement 
will be made in accordance with the Disruption Fallbacks described in Condition 34 (CNY 
Disruption Events), if specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
There may be PRC tax consequences with respect to investment in the CNY Securities 
In considering whether to invest in the CNY Securities, investors should consult their individual 
tax advisers with regard to the application of PRC tax laws to their particular situations as well as 
any tax consequences arising under the laws of any other tax jurisdictions. The value of the holder's 
investment in the CNY Securities may be materially and adversely affected if the holder is required 
to pay PRC tax with respect to acquiring, holding or disposing of and receiving payments under 
those CNY Securities.  
8.4 
Exchange rates may affect the value of a judgment 
The Securities and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with them shall 
be governed by English law. Although an English court has the power to grant judgment in the 
currency in which a Security is denominated, it may decline to do so in its discretion. If judgment 
were granted in a currency other than that in which a Security is denominated, the investor will 
bear the relevant currency risk. 
9. 
Risk Factors relating to the Relevant Underlying 
9.1 
Securities linked to one or more securities, indices, commodities, commodity indices, funds, 
currencies, preference shares (including preference shares of Sienna Finance UK Limited) 
and/or futures contracts 
The Issuers may issue Securities with principal and/or interest determined by reference to a single 
security, index, exchange traded fund ("ETF") or other funds, to baskets of securities, indices, 
ETFs or other funds, to commodities, commodity indices, currency prices, interest rates, 
preference shares, to futures contracts or to a constant maturity swap rate (each, a "Relevant 
Underlying").  In addition, the Issuers may issue Securities with principal or interest payable in 
one or more currencies which may be different from the currency in which the Securities are 
denominated.  Potential investors should be aware that:

--- Page 40 ---
Risk Factors relating to the Securities 
 
 
40 
 
(a) 
they may lose all or a substantial portion of their principal or investment, depending 
on the performance of each Relevant Underlying; 
(b) 
the market price of such Securities may be very volatile; 
(c) 
investors in Securities may receive no interest; 
(d) 
payment of principal or interest, if applicable, may occur at a different time or in a different 
currency than expected; 
(e) 
a Relevant Underlying may be subject to significant fluctuations that may not correlate with 
changes in interest rates, currencies or other indices; 
(f) 
if a Relevant Underlying is applied to Securities in conjunction with a multiplier greater 
than one or such Relevant Underlying or Relevant Factor contains some other leverage 
factor, the effect of changes in the value of the Relevant Underlying on principal or interest 
payable on such Securities is likely to be magnified; and 
(g) 
the timing of changes in a Relevant Underlying may affect the actual yield to investors, 
even if the average level is consistent with their expectations.  In general, the earlier the 
change in the value of the Relevant Underlying the greater the effect on yield. 
9.2 
Securities linked to one or more Emerging Market Relevant Underlying(s)  
Fluctuations in the trading prices of the emerging market Relevant Underlying(s) will affect the 
value of Securities linked to such emerging market Relevant Underlying(s).  Changes may result 
over time from the interaction of many factors directly or indirectly affecting economic and 
political conditions in the related countries or member nations, including economic and political 
developments in other countries.  Of particular importance to potential risks are (i) rates of 
inflation; (ii) interest rate levels; (iii) balance of payments; and (iv) the extent of 
governmental surpluses or deficits in the relevant country.  All of these factors are, in turn, 
sensitive to the monetary, fiscal and trade policies pursued by the related countries, the 
governments of the related countries and member nations (if any), and other countries important 
to international trade and finance.  Government intervention could materially and adversely 
affect the value of such Securities.  Governments use a variety of techniques, such as intervention 
by their central bank or imposition of regulatory controls or taxes to affect the trading of the 
underlying equity.  Thus, a special risk in purchasing such Securities is that their trading value and 
amount payable at maturity could be affected by the actions of governments, fluctuations in 
response to other market forces and the movement of currencies across borders.  Emerging market 
Relevant Underlyings may be more volatile than the Relevant Underlyings in more developed 
markets. 
9.3 
Fluctuations in value of a component of the Relevant Underlying  
Fluctuations in the value of any one component of the Relevant Underlying may, where applicable, 
be offset or intensified by fluctuations in the value of other components, which could adversely 
affect the value of the Securities, the return on the Securities and the price at which the 
Securityholder can sell such Securities. 
9.4 
Exchange rate risk on the components 
Where the value of the components is determined in a different currency to the value of the 
Relevant Underlying, investors may be exposed to exchange rate risk. In the event that exchange 
rates should become fixed, or in the event of any devaluation or revaluation or imposition of 
exchange or other regulatory controls or taxes, or in the event of other developments affecting any 
currency in connection with the components of the Relevant Underlying, the investor will bear 
those risks, which may adversely impact the return on and value of the Securities. 
9.5 
Market Disruption Event, Disrupted Day, Adjustments and Early Redemption or termination of 
Securities  
The Determination Agent may determine that a Market Disruption Event or a failure to open of an 
Exchange or Related Exchange has occurred or exists on a relevant date of valuation, and any

--- Page 41 ---
Risk Factors relating to the Securities 
 
 
41 
 
consequential postponement of such date of valuation may have an adverse effect on the value of 
the Securities. 
In addition, the Determination Agent may make adjustments to the Securities to account for 
relevant adjustments or events in relation to the Relevant Underlying including, but not limited to, 
determining a successor to the Relevant Underlying or its sponsor (in the case of an Index).  
Further, in certain circumstances, the Issuer may redeem the Securities early following any such 
event.  In this case, in relation to each Security, the Issuer will pay an amount, if any, determined 
as provided in the Conditions. 
Prospective investors should review the Conditions to ascertain whether and how such provisions 
apply to the Securities and what constitutes a Market Disruption Event or relevant adjustment  or 
early redemption event. 
In making these determinations, adjustments the Determination Agent is entitled to exercise 
substantial discretion and may be subject to conflicts of interest.  The Determination Agent is not 
required but has the discretion to make adjustments (or to early redeem the Securities) with respect 
to each and every corporate action. 
9.6 
Securities linked to the performance of funds 
The Issuers may issue Securities where the redemption amount or, if applicable, the interest 
amount in relation to Fund-Linked Securities or the return, in relation to Fund Securities (together 
with the Fund-Linked Securities, "Fund-Linked Securities") is linked to the performance of a 
unit, share or other interest in a fund (each, a "Fund Interest") or a basket of Fund Interests.  Such 
funds may include mutual funds or any other types of fund in any jurisdiction, or any combination 
of the foregoing.  Investments offering direct or indirect exposure to the performance of funds are 
generally considered to be particularly risky and may bear similar risks, including but not limited 
to, market risks to a direct investment in funds. 
Prospective investors should note that payments on redemption or termination of Fund-Linked 
Securities at maturity, expiration, early redemption or early termination may be postponed, in 
accordance with the Conditions, up to any specified long stop date. If the specified long stop date 
is reached, for the purposes of determining the Redemption Amount or any other such payment 
amounts, as applicable, the affected fund interests may be deemed to have a zero value. Prospective 
investors should also be aware that if one or more events occurs in relation to the Fund or any 
Fund Service Provider, including insolvency of the Fund or Fund Service Provider, then where 
"Fund Event Unscheduled Redemption" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the relevant 
Issuer may, in its reasonable discretion, determine whether the Fund-Linked Securities will 
continue or whether they will be redeemed or terminated on a date other than the scheduled 
Maturity Date. If the Issuer determines that the Fund-Linked Securities will continue, this may 
result in the substitution of the affected Fund Interest with other Fund Interests with similar 
characteristics or adjustments to the Conditions of the Securities to account for the occurrence of 
the relevant event.  These actions may have an adverse effect on the return and risk profile of the 
relevant Fund-Linked Securities, and consequently, the value of such Fund-Linked Securities and 
if the Fund-Linked Securities are redeemed or terminated early the amount investors receive may 
be considerably less than their original investment and may even be zero. 
Neither the Issuer nor the Determination Agent has any obligation to monitor and/or determine if 
a Fund Event has occurred at any time or to take any action in respect thereof. In certain 
circumstances, it may be the case that if action were taken by the Issuer or the Determination Agent 
at a different time or at all, amounts due to holders or the terms of any other adjustment made to 
the Securities would have resulted in a higher return to investors. 
The risks associated with investing in Fund-Linked Securities are similar to the risks attached to a 
direct investment in the underlying fund or funds.  There are substantial risks in directly or 
indirectly investing in funds including, without limitation, the risks set out below.  Prospective 
investors should note that references to funds below can refer both to the funds referenced in any 
Fund-Linked Securities and also to any funds in which any of those funds invests its assets from 
time to time.

--- Page 42 ---
Risk Factors relating to the Securities 
 
 
42 
 
Investment risks that prospective investors should be aware of include the following: 
(1) 
different types of funds are subject to differing levels of regulatory supervision; 
(2) 
funds may have varying restrictions on leverage.  Leverage presents the potential for a 
higher rate of return but also increases the volatility of the fund and increases the risk of a 
total loss of the amount invested; 
(3) 
funds may have differing investment restrictions and some funds may invest in assets which 
are illiquid or difficult to transfer.  This may have an effect on the realisation of such assets 
and in turn, the value and performance of the fund.  In addition, a fund's assets or 
investments may be concentrated in a few markets, countries, industries, commodities, 
sectors of an economy or issuers.  If so, adverse movements in a particular market, country, 
industry, commodity, economy or industry or in the value of the securities of a particular 
issuer could have a severely negative effect on the value of such a fund.  In addition, a fund 
may use a single advisor or employ a single strategy, which could mean a lack of 
diversification and higher risk; 
(4) 
substantial redemptions by holders of Fund Interests in a fund within a short period of time 
could require the fund's investment manager(s) and/or adviser(s) to liquidate positions more 
rapidly than would otherwise be desirable, which could adversely affect the value of the 
fund's assets; and 
(5) 
the performance of a fund will be heavily dependent on the performance of investments 
selected by its advisers or investment managers and the skill and expertise of such fund 
service providers in making successful and profitable investment decisions.  Such skill and 
expertise may be concentrated in a number of the adviser's or investment manager's key 
personnel.  Should these key personnel leave or become no longer associated with the fund's 
adviser or investment manager, the value or profitability of the fund's investments may be 
adversely affected as a result. 
9.7 
Risks relating to Index-Linked Securities 
(a) 
Factors affecting the performance of Indices may adversely affect the value of the Securities 
Indices are comprised of a synthetic portfolio of shares, bonds, currency exchange rates, 
commodities, property or other assets, and as such, the performance of an Index is dependent upon 
the performance of components of such Index, which may include interest rates, currency 
developments, political factors, market factors such as the general trends in capital markets or 
broad based indices and (in the case of shares) company-specific factors such as earnings position, 
market position, risk situation, shareholder structure and distribution policy. If an Index does not 
perform as expected, this will materially and adversely affect the value of Index-Linked Securities. 
(b) 
Returns on the Securities do not reflect a direct investment in underlying shares or other 
assets comprising the Index 
The return payable on Securities that reference Indices may not reflect the return a potential 
investor would realise if it actually owned the relevant assets comprising the components of the 
Index or owned a different form of interest in the relevant Index. For example, if the components 
of the Indices are shares, Holders will not receive any dividends paid or distributions made on 
those shares and will not participate in the return on those dividends or distributions unless the 
relevant Index takes such dividends into account for purposes of calculating the relevant level. 
Similarly, Holders will not have any voting rights in the underlying shares or any other assets 
which may comprise the components of the relevant Index. Accordingly, Holders of Securities 
that reference Indices as Relevant Underlying may receive a lower payment upon 
redemption/settlement of such Securities than such Holder would have received if it had invested 
in the components of the Index directly or other comparable instruments linked to the Index.

--- Page 43 ---
Risk Factors relating to the Securities 
 
 
43 
 
(c) 
A change in the composition or discontinuance of an Index could adversely affect the market 
value of the Securities 
The sponsor of any Index can add, delete or substitute the components of such Index or make other 
methodological changes that could change the level of one or more components. The changing of 
components of any Index may affect the level of such Index as a newly added component may 
perform significantly worse or better than the component it replaces, which in turn may affect the 
payments made by the relevant Issuer to the Holders of the Index-Linked Securities. The sponsor 
of any such Index may also alter, discontinue or suspend calculation or dissemination of such 
Index. Except where an Index is a Proprietary Index (see also the risk factor entitled "Risk 
Factors—Securities linked to proprietary indices"), the sponsor of an Index will have no 
involvement in the offer and sale of the Index-Linked Securities and will have no obligation to any 
Holder of such Securities. Accordingly, the sponsor of an Index may take any actions in respect 
of such Index without regard to the interests of the Holder of the Securities, and any of these 
actions could adversely affect the market value of the Index-Linked Securities. 
(d) 
Exposure to Index Modification, Index Cancellation, Index Disruption, Administrator/ 
Benchmark Event and correction of Index levels 
The Determination Agent may in its reasonable discretion make certain determinations and 
adjustments, to replace the original Relevant Underlying with another and/or to cause early 
redemption/settlement of the Securities, any of which may be adverse to Holders in connection 
with Index Modification, Index Cancellation, Index Disruption and Administrator/ Benchmark 
Event. The Determination Agent may determine that the consequence of any such event is to make 
adjustments to the amounts payable by the Issuer under the Securities, to make adjustments to the 
other terms and conditions of the Securities, or to replace such Index with another or to cause early 
redemption/settlement of the Securities. The Determination Agent may (subject to the terms and 
conditions of the relevant Securities) also amend the relevant Index level due to corrections in the 
level reported by the Index Sponsor. The consequences of such amendments could adversely affect 
the market value of the Index-Linked Securities. 
9.8 
Risks relating to "benchmark" rates 
(a) 
The regulation and reform of "benchmarks" may adversely affect the value of and return on 
Securities linked to or referencing such "benchmarks" 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and financial 
contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds (the "EU Benchmark Regulation") 
is a key element of the ongoing regulatory reform of benchmarks in the EU and has applied since 
1 January 2018. The EU Benchmark Regulation has been amended by Regulation (EU) 2019/2089 
as regards EU Climate Transition Benchmarks, EU Paris-aligned Benchmarks and sustainability-
related disclosures, by Regulation (EU) 2019/2175 and by Regulation (EU) 2021/168, the latter of 
which introduced new powers for regulators to mandate one or more replacement rates for critical 
or systemically important benchmarks in certain limited circumstances and a limited exemption 
for certain foreign exchange rates.  
Following the end of the Brexit transitional period at 11.00p.m (London time) on 31 December 
2020, the EU Benchmark Regulation in its then current form was saved into UK domestic law 
subject to a number of modifications (the "UK Benchmark Regulation" and, together with the 
EU Benchmark Regulation, the "Benchmark Regulations"). 
In addition to so-called "critical benchmarks", other interest rates, foreign exchange rates and 
certain indices will in most cases be within scope of the Benchmark Regulations as "benchmarks" 
where they are used to determine the amount payable under, or the value of, certain financial 
instruments (including Securities listed on an EU (in the case of the EU Benchmark Regulation) 
or UK (in the case of the UK Benchmark Regulation) regulated market or multilateral trading 
facility ("MTF")), and in a number of other circumstances.  
Each Benchmark Regulation applies to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data 
to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the EU (in the case of the EU Benchmark 
Regulation) or the UK (in the case of the UK Benchmark Regulation). Among other things, each

--- Page 44 ---
Risk Factors relating to the Securities 
 
 
44 
 
Benchmark Regulation (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if 
not based in the EU (in the case of the EU Benchmark Regulation) or UK (in the case of the UK 
Benchmark Regulation), to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or 
endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain uses by supervised entities of "benchmarks" provided by 
administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if not based in the EU (in the case of the 
EU Benchmark Regulation) or UK (in the case of the UK Benchmark Regulation), not deemed 
equivalent or recognised or endorsed), subject in each case to transitional provisions for 
benchmarks provided by third-country benchmark administrators.  
The Benchmark Regulations could have a material impact on any Securities linked to or 
referencing a "benchmark". For example: 
• 
a rate or index which is a "benchmark" may not be used in certain ways by a supervised 
entity if (subject to applicable transitional provisions) its administrator does not obtain 
authorisation or registration (or, if a non-EU or non-UK (as the case may be) entity, does not 
satisfy the "equivalence" conditions and is not "recognised" pending an equivalence 
decision). If the benchmark administrator does not obtain or maintain (as applicable) such 
authorisation or registration or, if a non-EU entity, "equivalence" is not available and it is not 
recognised, then the Securities may be redeemed prior to maturity; and 
• 
the methodology or other terms of the "benchmark" could be changed in order to comply 
with the requirements of the relevant Benchmark Regulation, and such changes could reduce 
or increase the rate or level or affect the volatility of the published rate or level, and 
(depending on the terms of the particular Securities) could lead to adjustments to the terms 
of the Securities as the Determination Agent deems necessary or appropriate. 
Any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of 
"benchmarks", could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the 
setting of a "benchmark" and complying with any such regulations or requirements. Such factors 
may have the following effects on certain "benchmarks": (i) discourage market participants from 
continuing to administer or contribute to the "benchmark"; (ii) trigger changes in the rules or 
methodologies used in the "benchmark"; and/or (iii) lead to the disappearance of the "benchmark". 
Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of international or national 
reforms, or other initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the value of 
and return on any Securities linked to or referencing a "benchmark" and the Determination Agent 
may be entitled to make corresponding adjustments to the conditions of the Securities. 
(b) 
Reform of EURIBOR and Other Interest Rate Index and Equity, Commodity and Foreign 
Exchange Rate Index "Benchmarks"  
The Euro Interbank Offered Rate (“EURIBOR”) and other indices which are deemed 
"benchmarks" are the subject of recent national, international and other regulatory guidance and 
proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective while others are still to be 
implemented. These reforms may cause such "benchmarks" to perform differently than in the past, 
or to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such 
consequence could have a material adverse effect on any Securities linked to a "benchmark." 
Any of the international, national or other proposals for reform or the general increased regulatory 
scrutiny of "benchmarks" could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise 
participating in the setting of a "benchmark" and complying with any such regulations or 
requirements. Such factors may have the effect of discouraging market participants from 
continuing to administer or participate in certain "benchmarks," trigger changes in the rules or 
methodologies used in certain "benchmarks" or lead to the disappearance of certain "benchmarks". 
The disappearance of a "benchmark" or changes in the manner of administration of a "benchmark" 
could have materially adverse consequences in relation to Securities linked to such "benchmark."  
(c) 
Swap Rates may be materially amended or discontinued 
EURIBOR and other "IBORs" are used as the floating leg in the calculation of the EUR Swap Rate 
and other swap rates (collectively, the "Swap Rates", and each a "Swap Rate") and these may be 
used as the base rate for CMS Reference Rates, or other Relevant Rates Benchmarks, for the

--- Page 45 ---
Risk Factors relating to the Securities 
 
 
45 
 
Securities. Consequently, if EURIBOR and/or other relevant "IBORs" are discontinued, it may not 
be possible to calculate the relevant Swap Rate(s), and the Swap Rate may be discontinued. The 
occurrence of these events may trigger the applicable fallbacks that are contained in Conditions 
6.20 (Relevant Rates Benchmark Discontinuance or Prohibition on Use) to 6.22 (General Fallback 
Arrangements) having the consequences and risks described below. 
(d) 
EURIBOR, CMS Reference Rates, SOFR, SONIA, €STR, SARON, TONA and other 
benchmark rate discontinuance or prohibition on use may lead to adjustments to the terms of 
the Securities or an early redemption of the Securities 
Fallback arrangements where (i) the Relevant Rates Benchmark is other than SOFR or a CMS 
Reference Rate and (ii) the provisions of Condition 6.20 (Relevant Rates Benchmark 
Discontinuance or Prohibition on Use) are applicable 
Where any variable by reference to which interest is payable under the Securities is an index, 
benchmark, rate or price source which is specified in the Conditions as a "Relevant Rates 
Benchmark", the administrator or sponsor (or the Relevant Rates Benchmark) may be required to 
be authorised, registered, recognised, endorsed or otherwise included in an official register in order 
for the Issuer, the Determination Agent or the Calculation Agent to be permitted to use the 
Relevant Rates Benchmark and perform their respective obligations under the Securities. If the 
Determination Agent determines that such a requirement applies to the administrator or sponsor 
(or the Relevant Rates Benchmark) but it has not been satisfied, and if the applicable Issue Terms 
specifies that the provisions of Condition 6.20 (Relevant Rates Benchmark Discontinuance or 
Prohibition on Use) are applicable, then an "Administrator/Benchmark Event" will occur. 
In order to address the risk of an Administrator/Benchmark Event occurring and the risk of 
discontinuance of reference rates, the Conditions include certain fallback provisions. These 
provisions apply to "Relevant Rates Benchmarks" (which will include EURIBOR, SONIA, €STR, 
SARON and TONA and other similar interbank rates). Unless otherwise specified in the Issue 
Terms, where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Issue Terms as the manner in 
which the Floating Interest Rate is to be determined, the fallbacks described below will only apply 
after application of any ISDA Bespoke Fallbacks specified in the relevant Floating Rate Option to 
apply and the application of such ISDA Bespoke Fallbacks fails to provide a means of determining 
the relevant Floating Rate. The fallback provisions will be triggered if the Determination Agent 
determines that (i) the administrator or regulatory supervisor (or other applicable regulatory body) 
in connection with such Relevant Rates Benchmark announces that the administrator has ceased 
or will cease permanently or indefinitely to provide such Relevant Rates Benchmark and there is 
no successor administrator that will continue to provide the Relevant Rates Benchmark, or (ii) 
unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms, an Administrator/Benchmark Event 
occurs in relation to such Relevant Rates Benchmark. 
Following the occurrence of any of these events the Determination Agent may replace the Relevant 
Rates Benchmark with any "Alternative Pre-nominated Reference Rate" which has been specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms or, if no Alternative Pre-nominated Reference Rate is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms, with an alternative rate that is consistent with accepted market practice 
(the Alternative Pre-nominated Reference Rate or any such other alternative rate, the "Alternative 
Rate"). If an Alternative Rate is used then the Determination Agent may also make other 
adjustments to the Securities, including to the Alternative Rate and to the Margin, which are 
consistent with accepted market practice for the use of such Alternative Rate with debt obligations 
such as the Note. If the Determination Agent is unable to identify an Alternative Rate and 
determine the necessary adjustments to the terms of the Securities then the Issuer may redeem the 
Securities. The replacement of the Relevant Rates Benchmark by an Alternative Rate and the 
making of other adjustments to the Securities and other determinations, decisions or elections that 
may be made under the terms of the Securities in connection with the replacement of a Relevant 
Rates Benchmark could adversely affect the value of the Securities, the return on the Securities 
and the price at which the Securityholder can sell such Securities. Any early redemption of the 
Securities will result in the Securityholder losing any future return on the Securities and may result 
in the Securityholder incurring a loss on its investment in the Securities. 
Any determination or decision of the Determination Agent described above will be made in the 
Determination Agent's discretion (in some cases after consultation with the Issuer).

--- Page 46 ---
Risk Factors relating to the Securities 
 
 
46 
 
Potential investors in any Securities that reference a Relevant Rates Benchmark (other than SOFR 
for the purposes of this risk factor (d)) should be aware that (i) the composition and characteristics 
of the Alternative Rate will not be the same as those of the Relevant Rates Benchmark which it 
replaces, the Alternative Rate will not be the economic equivalent of the Relevant Rates 
Benchmark that it replaces, there can be no assurance that the Alternative Rate will perform in the 
same way as the Relevant Rates Benchmark that it replaces would have at any time and there is 
no guarantee that the Alternative Rate will be a comparable substitute for the Relevant Rates 
Benchmark which it replaces, (each of which means that the replacement of the Relevant Rates 
Benchmark by the Alternative Rate could adversely affect the value of the Securities, the return 
on the Securities and the price at which the Securityholder can sell such Securities), (ii) any failure 
of the Alternative Rate to gain market acceptance could adversely affect the Securities, (iii) the 
Alternative Rate may have a very limited history and the future performance of the Alternative 
Rate cannot be predicted based on historical performance, (iv) the secondary trading market for 
Securities linked to the Alternative Rate may be limited and (v) the administrator of the Alternative 
Rate may make changes that could change the value of the Alternative Rate or discontinue the 
Alternative Rate and has no obligation to consider the Securityholder's interests in doing so. 
Fallback arrangements where the Relevant Rates Benchmark is SOFR: If SOFR is discontinued, 
any Floating Rate Securities referencing SOFR will bear interest by reference to a different base 
rate, which could adversely affect the value of the Securities, the return on the Securities and the 
price at which the Securityholder can sell such Securities; there is no guarantee that any 
Benchmark Replacement will be a comparable substitute for SOFR.   
If the Issuer or its designee determines that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related 
Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred in respect of SOFR (in the case of Securities 
referencing SOFR), then the interest rate on the Securities will no longer be determined by 
reference to SOFR, but instead will be determined by reference to a different base rate, which will 
be a different benchmark than SOFR, plus a spread adjustment, which is referred to as a 
"Benchmark Replacement," as further described in the relevant terms and conditions.  
If a particular Benchmark Replacement or Benchmark Replacement Adjustment cannot be 
determined, then the next-available Benchmark Replacement or Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment will apply. These replacement rates and adjustments may be selected, recommended 
or formulated by (i) the Relevant Governmental Body, (ii) ISDA or (iii) in certain circumstances, 
the Issuer or its designee. In addition, the terms of the Securities expressly authorise the Issuer or 
its designee to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes with respect to, among other 
things, changes to the definition of "interest period," timing and frequency of determining rates 
and making payments of interest and other administrative matters. The determination of a 
Benchmark Replacement, the calculation of the interest rate on the Securities by reference to a 
Benchmark Replacement (including the application of a Benchmark Replacement Adjustment), 
any implementation of Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes and any other 
determinations, decisions or elections that may be made under the terms of the Securities in 
connection with a Benchmark Transition Event could adversely affect the value of the Securities, 
the return on the Securities and the price at which the Securityholder can sell such Securities. 
Any determination, decision or election described above will be made in the Issuer's or its 
designee's sole discretion. 
Potential investors in any Securities that reference SOFR should be aware that  (i) the composition 
and characteristics of the Benchmark Replacement will not be the same as those of SOFR, the 
Benchmark Replacement will not be the economic equivalent of SOFR, there can be no assurance 
that the Benchmark Replacement will perform in the same way as SOFR would have at any time 
and there is no guarantee that the Benchmark Replacement will be a comparable substitute for 
SOFR (each of which means that a Benchmark Transition Event could adversely affect the value 
of the Securities, the return on the Securities and the price at which the Securityholder can sell 
such Securities), (ii) any failure of the Benchmark Replacement to gain market acceptance could 
adversely affect the Securities, (iii) the Benchmark Replacement may have a very limited history 
and the future performance of the Benchmark Replacement cannot be predicted based on historical 
performance, (iv) the secondary trading market for Securities linked to the Benchmark 
Replacement may be limited and (v) the administrator of the Benchmark Replacement may make

--- Page 47 ---
Risk Factors relating to the Securities 
 
 
47 
 
changes that could change the value of the Benchmark Replacement or discontinue the Benchmark 
Replacement and has no obligation to consider the Securityholder's interests in doing so. 
See also the risk factors entitled "Risk Factors — Risk Factors Relating to the Relevant Underlying 
– Risks relating to "benchmark rates" – EURIBOR, CMS Reference Rates, SOFR, SONIA, €STR, 
SARON, TONA and other benchmark rate discontinuance or prohibition on use may lead to 
adjustments to the terms of the Securities or an early redemption of the Securities" above. 
Fallback arrangements where the Relevant Rates Benchmark is a CMS Reference Rate: If the CMS 
Reference Rate is discontinued, any Floating Rate Securities referencing that CMS Reference Rate 
will bear interest by reference to a different base rate, which could adversely affect the value of 
the Securities, the return on the Securities and the price at which the Securityholder can sell such 
Securities; there is no guarantee that any Benchmark Replacement will be a comparable substitute 
for the current CMS Reference Rate  
If the Issue Terms specify that the provisions of Condition 6.20 (Relevant Rates Benchmark 
Discontinuance or Prohibition on Use) are not applicable to the Securities and an Index Cessation 
Event and its related Index Cessation Effective Date (as each term is defined in Condition 6.21 
(CMS Reference Rate - Effect of Index Cessation Event)) have occurred with respect to the 
applicable tenor of the CMS Reference Rate, then the interest rate on the Securities will no longer 
be determined by reference to the CMS Reference Rate. Instead, the interest rate will be 
determined by reference to a different base rate, which will be a different benchmark than the 
initial or then current CMS Reference Rate, which is referred to as a "Benchmark Replacement," 
plus any adjustment spread (which may be positive, negative or zero), all as further described 
Condition 6.21 (CMS Reference Rate - Effect of Index Cessation Event). In such a case, in the first 
instance, the interest on the Securities will be determined based on any alternative reference rate, 
index or benchmark that is specified for such purpose in the applicable Issue Terms (an 
“Alternative Pre-nominated Reference Rate”). In the absence of an Alternative Pre-nominated 
Reference Rate, the interest rate will be determined based on (1) the alternate rate of interest that 
has been selected or recommended by the relevant governmental body or agency with jurisdiction 
over the then current CMS Reference Rate for the applicable index maturity, or (2) if no such rate 
of interest has been selected or recommended by such a governmental body or agency, the alternate 
rate of interest that has been selected by the Determination Agent as the replacement for the then-
current CMS Reference Rate for the applicable index maturity giving due consideration to any 
industry-accepted rate of interest as a replacement for the then-current CMS Reference Rate for 
floating rate notes denominated in the Index Currency at such time, including any alternate rate of 
interest recommended by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or any 
successor thereto. There can be no assurance that an alternate rate of interest  to the CMS Reference 
Rate will be selected or recommended by a governmental body or agency with the consequence 
that the replacement rate will be selected by the Determination Agent.  
In addition, the terms of the Securities expressly authorise the Determination Agent or its designee 
to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes with respect to, among other things, 
changes to the definition of "interest period," timing and frequency of determining rates and 
making payments of interest and other administrative matters. The determination of a Benchmark 
Replacement, the calculation of the interest rate or other payment in respect of the Securities by 
reference to a Benchmark Replacement (including the determination by the Determination Agent 
of any “adjustment spread” that will be added or subtracted from the Benchmark Replacement), 
any implementation of Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes and any other 
determinations, decisions, selections or elections that may be made under the terms of the 
Securities in connection with a Benchmark Transition Event could adversely affect the value of 
the Securities, the return on the Securities and the price at which the Securityholder can sell such 
Securities. 
Potential investors in any Securities that reference one or more CMS Reference Rates should be 
aware that  (i) the composition and characteristics of the Benchmark Replacement will not be the 
same as those of the initial or then current CMS Reference Rate, the Benchmark Replacement will 
not be the economic equivalent of the initial or then current CMS Reference Rate, there can be no 
assurance that the Benchmark Replacement will perform in the same way as the initial or then 
current CMS Reference Rate would have at any time and there is no guarantee that the Benchmark 
Replacement will be a comparable substitute for the initial or then current CMS Reference Rate

--- Page 48 ---
Risk Factors relating to the Securities 
 
 
48 
 
(each of which means that an Index Cessation Event could adversely affect the value of the 
Securities, the return on the Securities and the price at which the Securityholder can sell such 
Securities), (ii) any failure of the Benchmark Replacement to gain market acceptance could 
adversely affect the Securities, (iii) the Benchmark Replacement may have a very limited history 
and the future performance of the Benchmark Replacement cannot be predicted based on historical 
performance, (iv) the secondary trading market for Securities linked to the Benchmark 
Replacement may be limited and (v) the administrator of the Benchmark Replacement may make 
changes that could change the value of the Benchmark Replacement or discontinue the Benchmark 
Replacement and has no obligation to consider the Securityholder's interests in doing so. If the 
implementation of any Benchmark Replacement or Benchmark Replacement Conforming 
Changes results in a calculation of the CMS Reference Rate that is not consistent with market 
practice as determined by the Determination Agent, the Issuer may, in its reasonable discretion, 
redeem the Securities as of any later date.   
Any determination, decision, selection or election described above that may be made by the Issuer, 
the Determination Agent or their respective designees will be made in such person's sole 
discretion. 
See also the risk factors entitled "Risk Factors — Risk Factors Relating to the Relevant Underlying 
– Risks relating to "benchmark rates" – EURIBOR, CMS Reference Rates, SOFR, SONIA, €STR, 
SARON, TONA and other benchmark rate discontinuance or prohibition on use may lead to 
adjustments to the terms of the Securities or an early redemption of the Securities" above. 
Fallback arrangements - general 
The application of any of these fallbacks may adversely affect the value of the Securityholder's 
investment in the Securities.  
If (a) none of the fallbacks described above in (1) "Fallback arrangements where (i) the Relevant 
Rates Benchmark is other than SOFR or a CMS Reference Rate and (ii) the provisions of Condition 
6.20 (Relevant Rates Benchmark Discontinuance or Prohibition on Use) are applicable" or (2) 
"Fallback arrangements where the Relevant Rates Benchmark is SOFR:  If SOFR is discontinued, 
any Floating Rate Securities referencing SOFR will bear interest by reference to a different base 
rate, which could adversely affect the value of the Securities, the return on the Securities and the 
price at which the Securityholder can sell such Securities; there is no guarantee that any 
Benchmark Replacement will be a comparable substitute for SOFR" or (3) "Fallback 
arrangements where the Relevant Rates Benchmark is a CMS Reference Rate: If the CMS 
Reference Rate is discontinued, any Floating Rate Securities referencing that CMS Reference Rate 
will bear interest by reference to a different base rate, which could adversely affect the value of 
the Securities, the return on the Securities and the price at which the Securityholder can sell such 
Securities; there is no guarantee that any Benchmark Replacement will be a comparable substitute 
for the current CMS Reference Rate" applies, and (b) EURIBOR, SONIA, €STR, SARON or 
TONA has been permanently discontinued, the Determination Agent will use, as a substitute for 
EURIBOR, SONIA, €STR, SARON or TONA (as the case may be), and for each future Interest 
Determination Date, the alternative reference rate selected by the central bank, reserve bank, 
monetary authority or any similar institution (including any committee or working group thereof) 
in the jurisdiction of the applicable index currency that is consistent with accepted market practice. 
The Determination Agent will also make other adjustments to the Securities, including to the new 
rate and to the Margin or Spread, which are consistent with accepted market practice for the use 
of such alternative rate for debt obligations such as the Securities. However, in the case of 
EURIBOR only, if the Determination Agent determines that no such alternative rate exists on the 
relevant date, it will make a determination of an alternative rate as a substitute for EURIBOR, for 
debt obligations such as the Securities, as well as other adjustments to the Securities, including to 
the new rate and to the Margin or Spread, that is consistent with accepted market practice.  
Unless otherwise specified in the Issue Terms, where ISDA Determination is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms as the manner in which the Floating Interest Rate is to be determined, the 
fallbacks described above will only apply after application of any ISDA Bespoke Fallbacks 
specified in the relevant Floating Rate Option to apply and the application of such ISDA Bespoke 
Fallbacks fails to provide a means of determining the relevant Floating Rate.

--- Page 49 ---
Risk Factors relating to the Securities 
 
 
49 
 
The replacement of EURIBOR, SONIA , €STR, SARON or TONA by an alternative rate and the 
making of other adjustments to the Securities and other determinations, decisions or elections that 
may be made under the terms of the Securities in connection with the replacement of EURIBOR, 
SONIA, €STR, SARON or TONA could adversely affect the value of the Securities, the return on 
the Securities and the price at which the Securityholder can sell such Securities. 
Any determination or decision described above will be made in the Determination Agent's 
discretion (after consultation with the Issuer). 
Potential investors in any Securities that reference EURIBOR, SONIA, €STR, SARON or TONA 
should be aware that (i) the composition and characteristics of the alternative rate will not be the 
same as those of the Relevant Rates Benchmark which it replaces, the alternative rate will not be 
the economic equivalent of the Relevant Rates Benchmark that it replaces, there can be no 
assurance that the alternative rate will perform in the same way as the Relevant Rates Benchmark 
that it replaces would have at any time and there is no guarantee that the alternative rate will be a 
comparable substitute for the Relevant Rates Benchmark which it replaces, (each of which means 
that the replacement of the Relevant Rates Benchmark by the alternative rate could adversely affect 
the value of the Securities, the return on the Securities and the price at which the Securityholder 
can sell such Securities), (ii) any failure of the alternative rate to gain market acceptance could 
adversely affect the Securities, (iii) the alternative rate may have a very limited history and the 
future performance of the alternative rate cannot be predicted based on historical performance, (iv) 
the secondary trading market for Securities linked to the alternative rate may be limited and (v) 
the administrator of the alternative rate may make changes that could change the value of the 
alternative rate or discontinue the alternative rate and has no obligation to consider the 
Securityholder's interests in doing so. 
(e) 
ISDA Determination and Fallbacks 
In the case where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Issue Terms as the manner in 
which the Floating Interest Rate is to be determined, and the application of any ISDA Bespoke 
Fallbacks specified in the relevant Floating Rate Option results in a replacement of, modification 
to, or change in the method of calculating, the Floating Rate (or the index, benchmark or other 
price source that is referred to in the Floating Rate Option), the Determination Agent may, after 
consultation with the Issuer, determine any adjustments to the Floating Rate and the Margin 
(including any adjustment spread) as well as the applicable Business Day Convention, Interest 
Determination Dates (or any other rate fixing dates) and related provisions and definitions of the 
Securities, in each case that are consistent with accepted market practice for the use of such 
replacement or modified Floating Rate for debt obligations such as the Securities. The making of 
such adjustments to the Securities and other determinations could adversely affect the value of the 
Securities, the return on the Securities and the price at which the Securityholder can sell such 
Securities.  
(f) 
Specific risks relating to Securities referencing SOFR, SONIA, €STR, SARON or TONA 
The following sets out a number of additional risks specific to Securities that reference SOFR, 
SONIA, €STR, SARON or TONA (each of which is referred to as a (nearly) risk free rate or an 
"RFR").  
Certain RFRs have limited histories; the future performance of SOFR or SONIA cannot be 
predicted based on historical performance. 
The publication of €STR began on 2 October 2019 and publication of SOFR began on 3 April 
2018 and these RFRs therefore have very limited histories. The publication of SONIA on the basis 
of its present methodology began on 24 April 2018. The publication of SARON began on 25 
August 2009. In addition, the future performance of RFRs cannot be predicted based on the limited 
historical performance. The level of an RFR during the term of the Securities may bear little or no 
relation to its historical level. Prior observed patterns, if any, in the behaviour of market variables 
and their relation to an RFR, such as correlations, may change in the future. In the case of SOFR, 
while some pre-publication historical data have been released by the Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York (the "New York Federal Reserve"), such analysis inherently involves assumptions, 
estimates and approximations. The future performance of an RFR is impossible to predict and

--- Page 50 ---
Risk Factors relating to the Securities 
 
 
50 
 
therefore no future performance of an RFR or the Securities may be inferred from any of the 
historical performance or historical simulations. Hypothetical or historical performance data are 
not indicative of, and have no bearing on, the potential performance of an RFR or the Securities. 
Changes in the levels of the relevant RFR referenced by the Securities will affect the return on the 
Securities and the trading price of such Securities, but it is impossible to predict whether such 
levels will rise or fall. There can be no assurance that the relevant RFR referenced by the Securities 
will be positive. 
The composition and characteristics of an RFR are not the same as those of LIBOR and there is 
no guarantee that an RFR is a comparable substitute for LIBOR.  
In December 2016, the Japanese Study Group on Risk-Free Reference Rates announced TONA as 
its preferred risk free rate for Japanese yen. In April 2017, the Working Group on Sterling Risk-
Free Reference Rates announced SONIA as its preferred risk free rate for sterling. In June 2017, 
the ARRC announced SOFR as its recommended alternative to U.S. dollar LIBOR. In October 
2017, the Swiss National Working Group on Swiss Franc Reference Rates recommended SARON 
as the alternative to Swiss franc LIBOR. In September 2018, the Working Group on euro risk free 
rates recommended €STR as the euro risk free rate. However, the composition and characteristics 
of each of these RFRs are not the same as those of LIBOR.  
SOFR is a broad Treasury repo financing rate that represents overnight secured funding 
transactions. SARON represents the overnight interest rate of the secured money market for Swiss 
francs. This means that each of SOFR and SARON is fundamentally different from LIBOR for 
two key reasons. First, each of SOFR and SARON is a secured rate, while LIBOR is an unsecured 
rate. Second, each of SOFR and SARON is an overnight rate, while LIBOR represents interbank 
funding over different maturities.  
SONIA is a measure of the rate at which interest is paid on sterling short-term wholesale funds in 
circumstances where credit, liquidity and other risks are minimal. €STR is a rate which reflects 
the wholesale euro unsecured overnight borrowing costs of euro area banks. TONA represents the 
weighted average of call rates for uncollateralised overnight transactions in Japanese yen. While 
SONIA, €STR, TONA and LIBOR are all unsecured rates, SONIA,  €STR and TONA are solely 
an overnight rates unlike LIBOR which represents interbank funding over different maturities. 
As a result, there can be no assurance that an RFR will perform in the same way as LIBOR would 
have at any time, including, without limitation, as a result of changes in interest and yield rates in 
the market, market volatility or global, national or regional economic, financial, political, 
regulatory, judicial or other events. For example, since publication of SOFR began on April 3, 
2018, daily changes in SOFR have, on occasion, been more volatile than daily changes in 
comparable benchmark or other market rates. For additional information regarding SOFR, see 
"Secured Overnight Financing Rate" above. 
The secondary trading market for Securities linked to an RFR may be limited.  
Since some of the RFRs are  relatively new market rates or have only recently been adopted as a 
benchmark rate for bonds, the trading market in debt securities such as the Securities may not 
develop or may not be very liquid. Market terms for debt securities linked to an RFR (such as the 
Securities) may evolve over time and, as a result, trading prices of the Securities may be lower 
than those of later-issued debt securities that are linked to the same RFR. Similarly, if an RFR does 
not prove to be widely used in debt securities similar to the Securities, the trading price of the 
Securities may be lower than that of debt securities linked to rates that are more widely used. 
Investors in the Securities may not be able to sell such Securities at all or may not be able to sell 
such Securities at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that 
have a developed secondary market. Further, investors wishing to sell the Securities in the 
secondary market will have to make assumptions as to the future performance of the relevant RFR. 
As a result, investors may suffer from increased pricing volatility and market risk. 
The administrator of the relevant RFR may make changes that could change the value of the 
benchmark or discontinue the benchmark and has no obligation to consider Securityholders' 
interests in doing so.

--- Page 51 ---
Risk Factors relating to the Securities 
 
 
51 
 
The New York Federal Reserve (or a successor), as administrator of SOFR, the Bank of England 
(or a successor), as administrator of SONIA, the European Central Bank (or a successor) as 
administrator of €STR, SIX Index AG (or a successor) as administrator of SARON or the Bank of 
Japan (or a successor) as administrator of TONA may make methodological or other changes that 
could change the value of the relevant RFR, including changes related to the method by which the 
relevant rate is calculated, eligibility criteria applicable to the transactions used to calculate the 
relevant rate , or timing related to the publication of the relevant rate. In addition, the administrator 
may alter, discontinue or suspend calculation or dissemination of the relevant RFR (in which case 
a fallback method of determining the interest rate on the Securities will apply). The administrator 
has no obligation to consider Securityholders' interests in calculating, adjusting, converting, 
revising or discontinuing the relevant rate and any such calculations, adjustments, conversion, 
revision or discontinuation could adversely affect the return on the Securities, the value of the 
Securities and the price at which the Securityholder can sell such Securities. 
The interest rate on the Securities is based on a daily compounded RFR, which is relatively new 
in the marketplace; different conventions exist for calculating interest on RFR-linked Securities 
For each Interest Period for Securities linked to an RFR, the interest rate on the Securities is based 
on a daily compounded RFR calculated using the specific formula specified in the Conditions and 
the Issue Terms, or the specified ISDA Rate not the RFR published on or in respect of a particular 
date during such Interest Period, or an average of the relevant RFRs during such period. For this 
and other reasons, the interest rate on the Securities during any Interest Period will not be the same 
as the interest rate on other investments linked to the same RFR that use an alternative basis to 
determine the applicable interest rate. Further, unless in the case of an ISDA Rate "Daily Floored 
Rate" is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms and the Daily Floored Rate is zero or 
above, if the relevant RFR in respect of a particular date during an Interest Period is negative, the 
portion of the accrued compounded interest compounding factor specifically attributable to such 
date will be less than one, resulting in a reduction to the accrued interest compounding factor used 
to calculate the interest payable on the Securities on the Interest Payment Date for such Interest 
Period. 
Limited market precedent exists for securities that use SOFR and certain other RFRs as the interest 
rate and, in addition, for each RFR, different market conventions exist for calculating interest on 
debt securities. Accordingly, the specific formula for the daily compounded RFR used in the 
Securities may not be widely adopted by other market participants, if at all. If the market adopts a 
different convention for calculating interest, that would likely adversely affect the market value of 
such Securities. 
The amount of interest payable with respect to each Interest Period will be determined near the 
end of the Interest Period.  
The amount of interest payable with respect to such Interest Period will be determined on a date 
near the end of such Interest Period, Securityholders will not know the amount of interest payable 
with respect to each such Interest Period until shortly prior to the related Interest Payment Date 
and it may be difficult for Securityholders to reliably estimate the amount of interest that will be 
payable on each such Interest Payment Date. 
The Issuer, its subsidiaries or affiliates may publish research that could affect the market value of 
the Securities. They also may hedge the Issuer's obligations under such Securities.  
The Issuer or one or more of its affiliates may, at present or in the future, publish research reports 
with respect to movements in interest rates generally, the LIBOR transition or any of the RFRs 
specifically. This research is modified from time to time without notice and may express opinions 
or provide recommendations that are inconsistent with purchasing or holding the Securities. Any 
of these activities may affect the market value of such Securities. In addition, the issuer's 
subsidiaries may hedge the Issuer's obligations under the Securities and they may realize a profit 
from that hedging activity even if investors do not receive a favourable investment return under 
the terms of such Securities or in any secondary market transaction. 
Reliance on third parties

--- Page 52 ---
Risk Factors relating to the Securities 
 
 
52 
 
Each RFR is published and calculated by third parties based on data received from other sources 
and none of the Issuer, the Determination Agent or the Calculation Agent has any control over the 
determinations, calculations or publications of any such third parties.  
Market Adoption 
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of the relevant RFR (one using 
a different convention to calculating interest including using an RFR screen based rate)  that differs 
significantly from that set out in the Conditions and used in relation to Securities that reference a 
risk-free rate issued under this Base Prospectus and this may adversely affect the value of the 
Securities. 
Potential investors in the Securities should carefully consider how any mismatch between the 
adoption of such reference rates in the bond, loan and derivatives markets may impact any hedging 
or other financial arrangements which they may put in place in connection with any acquisition, 
holding or disposal of any Securities. 
Where "Payment Delay" applies, in determining the compounded RFR for the final Interest Period, 
the level of the relevant RFR for any day from and including the relevant 
SOFR/SONIA/€STR/SARON/TONA Rate Cut-Off Date to but excluding the Maturity Date or 
redemption date, as applicable, will be the level of the relevant RFR in respect of such Rate Cut-
off Date.  
Where "Payment Delay" applies, for the final Interest Period, because the level of the relevant 
RFR for any day from and including the SOFR/SONIA/€STR/SARON/TONA Rate Cut-off Date 
to but excluding the Maturity Date or redemption date, as applicable, will be the level of the 
relevant RFR in respect of such Rate Cut-Off Date, Securityholders will not receive the benefit of 
any increase in the level in respect of the relevant RFR beyond the level for such date in connection 
with the determination of the interest payable with respect to such Interest Period, which could 
adversely impact the amount of interest payable with respect to that Interest Period. 
(g) 
Additional Risk relating to SOFR-linked Securities 
Any failure of SOFR to gain market acceptance could adversely affect Securities linked to SOFR.  
SOFR may fail to gain market acceptance. SOFR was developed for use in certain U.S. dollar 
derivatives and other financial contracts as an alternative to U.S. dollar LIBOR in part because it 
is considered a good representation of general funding conditions in the overnight Treasury repo 
market. However, as a rate based on transactions secured by U.S. Treasury securities, it does not 
measure bank-specific credit risk and, as a result, is less likely to correlate with the unsecured 
short-term funding costs of banks. This may mean that market participants would not consider 
SOFR a suitable substitute or successor for all of the purposes for which LIBOR historically has 
been used (including, without limitation, as a representation of the unsecured short-term funding 
costs of banks), which may, in turn, lessen market acceptance of SOFR. Any failure of SOFR to 
gain market acceptance could adversely affect the return on the Securities and the price at which 
the Securityholder can sell such Securities. 
(h) 
Securities linked to proprietary indices 
The Issuers may issue Securities with principal and/or interest determined by reference to a 
"proprietary index", where Morgan Stanley or a Morgan Stanley affiliate is the owner and sponsor 
of such an index.  
A proprietary index is a notional, rules-based index comprising its component(s) and the level of 
such index may go down as well as up, depending on the performance of the components and their 
effect on the strategy that the proprietary index has been developed to reflect. There can be no 
assurance as to the future performance of any such index, and the index level on any day may not 
reflect either its past performance or its future performance. The strategy that any such index has 
been developed to reflect may not be successful, and other strategies using the components and 
alternative indices and benchmarks may perform better than such index. Any past performance of 
a proprietary index (actual or simulated) is not an indication of its future performance.

--- Page 53 ---
Risk Factors relating to the Securities 
 
 
53 
 
Prospective investors in any Securities linked to a proprietary index should review, in addition to 
the following Risk Factors and any bespoke risk factors contained in the relevant Index Rules. 
An investor in Securities linked to a proprietary index will have no rights in respect of the 
proprietary index or any components of such proprietary index 
The investment exposure provided by any proprietary index is notional or synthetic. Investors in 
Securities will (i) have no legal or beneficial ownership interest in any proprietary index or any 
component comprising a proprietary index (or components thereof) and therefore have no recourse 
to any such component; (ii) have no right to take delivery of any such component; (iii) have no 
rights generally with respect to any such component (where in relation to voting or otherwise); 
and (iv) have no right to receive dividends, distributions or other payments with respect to any 
such component.  
A proprietary index may have a limited operating history and may perform in unanticipated ways  
A proprietary index may be a relatively new strategy. Where limited historical performance data 
exists with respect to the components referenced by such index and/or the index itself, any 
investment in respect of which returns are linked to the performance of such an index or its 
components may involve greater risk than an investment linked to returns generated by an 
investment strategy with a proven track record. While a longer history of actual performance could 
provide more reliable information on which to assess the validity of a strategy that a proprietary 
index is intended to reflect and on which to base an investment decision, the fact that such an index 
and/or the relevant components are relatively new would not allow this. There can be no guarantee 
or assurance that a proprietary index or its components will operate in a manner consistent with 
the data available. 
(i) 
Securities linked to proprietary indices within the MS Dynamic Fund Allocation Index Family 
If any of "MS Dynamic Fund Allocation Index", "MS Dynamic Fund Allocation Series 2 Index", 
"MS Dynamic Fund Allocation Series 3 Index" or "MS Dynamic Fund Allocation Series 4 Index" 
is specified in the applicable Issue Terms as the applicable Index, prospective investors in such 
Securities should also review, in addition to the general Risk Factors above, the following risk 
factors in respect of such Index. For the purposes of such risk factors, any capitalised terms not 
defined therein shall have the meanings given to them in "The MS Dynamic Fund Allocation Index 
Family". Prospective investors should also refer to "The MS Dynamic Fund Allocation Index 
Family". 
The Index performance is subject to fluctuations 
The performance of the Index is dependent on many factors, including the general trends of the 
markets for the underlying Index Components. The Index performance can go up as well as down, 
and can register significant losses, including catastrophic losses, if the Index falls to zero. Any past 
performance recorded by the Index is not an indication of its future performance. The performance 
of the Index may adversely affect the value of the Securities. 
The Index is not an investment in the underlying Index Components 
The Index is designed to reflect the value of the underlying Index Components, however the 
formulas embedded in the Index means that any return might be higher or lower than the 
performance of the individual underlying Index Components. 
The Index Sponsor could make adjustments to the calculation methodology of the Index in certain 
circumstances 
The Index Sponsor may make adjustments to the calculation of the Index in circumstances where 
a disruption event has occurred which prevents the determination of the value of underlying Index 
Components or that would lead to an erroneous calculation of the Index. In such circumstances the 
Index Sponsor may make a determination which could include, but is not limited to: adjusting the 
Index by determining the level of the underlying Index Components, or replacing or removing the 
underlying Index Components, or adjusting the weighting of the underlying Index Components, 
or postponing the publication of the Index Level or, otherwise, suspending or cancelling the Index.

--- Page 54 ---
Risk Factors relating to the Securities 
 
 
54 
 
All such decisions may affect the value of the Index level and will be taken on a discretionary 
basis, taking into account the objective to ensure that the Index reflects the underlying interest it 
is designed to capture. 
No active management  
The Index is quantitative and rules-based and is not managed actively by Morgan Stanley or its 
affiliates (the "Morgan Stanley Group") or any third party. Consequently, the Morgan Stanley 
Group does not have discretion to change the Rules if there are significant changes in the volatility 
that cause the Index to decline significantly or underperform. In addition, the Morgan Stanley 
Group does not act as a fiduciary for, nor an advisor to, any investor in respect of the Index. 
No fiduciary duties  
The Index Sponsor and the Index Calculation Agent can, in certain circumstances, exercise 
discretion. In exercising such discretions, the Index Sponsor and the Index Calculation Agent have 
no obligations to consider the interests of any other person including (but not limited to) 
counterparties to transactions linked to the performance of the Index. 
Reliance on Information  
Calculations related to the Index rely on information obtained from various publicly available 
sources. When using such information, the Morgan Stanley Group and the Calculation Agent have 
relied on and will rely on these sources. In addition, the Morgan Stanley Group and the Calculation 
Agent have not verified independently and will not verify independently the information extracted 
from these sources. 
Simulated calculations  
The calculation of the Index for the period from the Index Base Date to the Index Live Date has 
been simulated and does not represent actual performance. All prospective investors should be 
aware that a retrospective calculation of an Index means that no actual investment which allowed 
a tracking of the performance of the Index existed at any time. The performance of the Index 
during such period has been calculated retrospectively by the Index Calculation Agent on a 
hypothetical basis and should not be considered as an indicator of future performance. 
Tax Considerations  
In 2015, the U.S. Treasury Department and the IRS released a notice designating certain "basket 
contracts" and substantially similar transactions as "transactions of interest," subject to information 
reporting requirements as "reportable transactions" under Section 6011 of the Code. The scope of 
this notice is unclear, and it is therefore possible that the instruments linked to the Index could be 
subject to the notice. In that case, holders of such instruments that are otherwise required to file 
U.S. tax returns would also be required to report certain information to the IRS, as set forth in the 
applicable Treasury regulations regarding "reportable transactions". If the IRS determines such a 
transaction is a "transaction of interest" and you fail to disclose the transaction, you could be 
subject to penalties. Holders should consult their tax advisers regarding the potential application 
of this notice to instruments linked to the Index. In addition, the Issuer may be required to report 
these transactions directly to the IRS. 
Index specific risk considerations 
The Index performance is subject to market risk and to significant declines including catastrophic 
loss (i.e. Index falls to or below zero). 
The Index ranks the underlying Index Components according to their historical performance. The 
historical window used may not be optimal and a different window may give higher returns. 
The weight applied to each underlying contract for each underlying Index Component in each asset 
class is determined by a rules based algorithm. The correlation between the Index and the 
underlying Index Components, and the correlation between the underlying Index Components, 
may vary over time and may increase or decrease by reference to a variety of factors which may

--- Page 55 ---
Risk Factors relating to the Securities 
 
 
55 
 
include macroeconomic factors and speculation. The weights applied may not be the optimal 
weights. 
The Index is quantitative and rules-based and can produce both positive and negative returns. The 
methodology provides long exposure to underlying Index Components with their position selected 
based on their historical performance. However, there can be no assurances that the methodology 
can yield positive performance in all economic conditions. In certain conditions such as those 
detailed above, the Index may return a significant negative performance and may even fall to or 
below zero. 
The sum of the weights in the Index Components can be greater or less than 100% but no greater 
than 200% in order to target volatility effectively. When the weight is greater than 100% the 
leveraged nature of the Index will magnify the adverse impact of adverse performance in the Index 
Components. 
The actual volatility of the Index can be higher or lower than the Target Volatility of 4%. 
The Index provides exposure to a basket of Funds. Notwithstanding the fact that the methodology 
is designed to rebalance the exposure to each Fund based of such Fund's Performance and Realised 
Volatility, prospective investors should be aware that each Fund has a different level of embedded 
risk. They should therefore familiarise themselves with the Fund Documents and the synthetic risk 
reward indicator which each Fund Provider calculates and publishes for the Fund, in accordance 
with Commission Regulation (EU) 583/2010 implementing UCITS Directive with regards to the 
Key Investor Information Document (KIID). 
Fees 
Funding Costs associated with the Fund Index Components and an Index Fee are debited from the 
Index. Such costs and fees will reduce the performance of the Index. The Index Fee will be 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms in respect of the Securities. 
Considerations in respect of funds 
The performance of a fund will be heavily dependent on the performance of investments selected 
by its advisers or investment managers and the skill and expertise of such fund service providers 
in making successful and profitable investment decisions. Such skill and expertise may be 
concentrated in a number of the adviser's or investment manager's key personnel. Should these key 
personnel leave or become no longer associated with the fund's adviser or investment manager, 
the value or profitability of the fund's investments may be adversely affected as a result. 
Funds may have differing investment restrictions and some funds may invest in assets which are 
illiquid or difficult to transfer. This may have an effect on the realisation of such assets and in turn, 
the value and performance of the fund. In addition, a fund's assets or investments may be 
concentrated in a few markets, countries, industries, commodities, sectors of an economy or 
issuers. If so, adverse movements in a particular market, country, industry, commodity, economy 
or industry or in the value of the securities of a particular issuer could have a severely negative 
effect on the value of such a fund.  In addition, a fund may use a single advisor or employ a single 
strategy, which could mean a lack of diversification and higher risk. 
Funds may have varying restrictions on leverage. Leverage presents the potential for a higher rate 
of return but also increases the volatility of the fund and increases the risk of a total loss of the 
amount invested. 
Substantial redemptions by holders of fund units in a fund within a short period of time could 
require the fund's investment manager(s) and/or adviser(s) to liquidate positions more rapidly than 
would otherwise be desirable, which could adversely affect the value of the fund's assets. 
Further information in relation to the risks of an investment in the Component (and its constituent 
asset(s)) are set out in the Fund Documents. The Fund Documents and the websites detailed in the 
table below do not form part of this Base Prospectus. As of the Initial Publication of this document, 
relevant Fund Documents are publicly provided for Each Index component by the fund's 
investment manager(s) and/or adviser(s) as detailed in the table below:

--- Page 56 ---
Risk Factors relating to the Securities 
 
 
56 
 
Fund Name 
Where investors can find information on the Fund Document 
Ashmore SICAV - 
Emerging Markets 
Short 
Duration 
Fund 
http://www.ashmoregroup.com/uk-en/our-funds/sicav-short-ret-acc-eur 
BlueBay 
Investment Grade 
Bond Fund 
https://www.bluebay.com/en/documents/  
Allianz Strategy 50 https://lu.allianzgi.com/en-gb/b2c/our-funds/funds/list/allianz-strategy-50-
ct-eur 
Morgan 
Stanley 
Investment Funds - 
US 
Advantage 
Fund 
https://www.morganstanley.com/im/en-gb/intermediary-investor/funds-
and-performance/morgan-stanley-investment-funds/equity/us-
advantage.html 
Nordea 1 SICAV - 
Alpha 15 MA Fund https://www.nordea.lu/en/private/funds/?tab=all-funds&fetab=literature 
PIMCO GIS US 
High Yield Bond 
Fund 
https://www.pimco.co.uk/en-gb/resources/explorer 
Robeco 
Capital 
Growth Funds - 
Robeco 
Global 
Consumer Trends 
Equities 
https://www.robeco.com/en/funds/  
Merian 
Global 
Investors 
Series 
PLC 
- 
Merian 
Global 
Equity 
Absolute 
Return 
Fund 
https://www.merian.com/gb/en/individual/document-library/ 
 
9.9 
Risks relating to Share-Linked Securities 
(a) 
Factors affecting the performance of Shares may adversely affect the value of the Share-Linked 
Securities 
The performance of Shares is dependent upon macroeconomic factors, such as interest and price 
levels on the capital markets, currency developments, political factors and company-specific 
factors such as earnings position, market position, risk situation, shareholder structure and 
distribution policy. These factors are not within the relevant Issuer, Morgan Stanley or any of 
Morgan Stanley's affiliates' control and may result in a decline in the value of the Securities. 
(b) 
Holders have no claim against the Share Issuer(s) or recourse to the Shares 
Share-Linked Securities do not represent a claim against or an investment in any Share Issuer(s) 
and investors will not have any right of recourse under the Share-Linked Securities to any such 
company or the Shares. Share-Linked Securities are not in any way sponsored, endorsed or 
promoted by any Share Issuer(s) and such companies have no obligation to take into account the 
consequences of their actions for any Holders. Accordingly, the Share Issuer(s) may take any 
actions in respect of such Share without regard to the interests of the investors in the Share-Linked

--- Page 57 ---
Risk Factors relating to the Securities 
 
 
57 
 
Securities, and any of these actions could adversely affect the market value of the Share-Linked 
Securities. 
(c) 
Determinations made by the Issuer and the Determination Agent in respect of Potential 
Adjustment Events, Merger Events, Tender Offers, De-listing, Nationalisations, Insolvencies 
and Additional Disruption Events may have an adverse effect on the value of the Share-Linked 
Securities 
Upon the determination by the Determination Agent, in its reasonable discretion, that a Potential 
Adjustment Event, Merger Event, Tender Offer, De-listing, Nationalisation, Insolvency or 
Additional Disruption Event has occurred in relation to an underlying Share or Share Company, 
the Issuer (in the case of a Merger Event, Tender Offer, De-listing, Nationalisation, Insolvency or 
an Additional Disruption Event) will, in its reasonable discretion, determine whether the relevant 
Share-Linked Securities shall continue or shall be redeemed early, any of which determinations 
may have an adverse effect on the value of the Share-Linked Securities and, in the case of a 
Potential Adjustment Event, the Determination Agent may, in its reasonable discretion, make 
certain determinations to account for the occurrence of the relevant event, including to make 
adjustments to the terms of the Share-Linked Securities. In particular, in the event that the Share-
Linked Securities are early settled/redeemed, the amount payable to Holders may be significantly 
less than the investor's initial investment, and may be as low as zero. If the Issuer determines that 
the relevant Share-Linked Securities shall be redeemed early, the Issuer shall provide notice of 
such early redemption to Securityholders a prescribed number of days prior to the date fixed for 
redemption.  
If the Issuer determines that the relevant Share-Linked Securities shall continue following the 
occurrence of such an event, the Determination Agent may, in its reasonable discretion, make 
certain determinations to account for the occurrence of the relevant event, including to make 
adjustments to the terms of the Share-Linked Securities.  
Potential Adjustment Events include (a) a sub-division, consolidation or re-classification of the 
Shares, (b) an extraordinary dividend, (c) a call of the Shares that are not fully paid, (d) a 
repurchase by the Share Company, or an affiliate thereof, of the Shares, (e) a separation of rights 
from the Shares or (f) any event having a dilutive or concentrative effect on the value of the Shares. 
Additional Disruption Events include, if "Supplementary Provisions for Belgian Securities" is 
specified as not applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, (1) a change in applicable law since the 
Trade Date that makes it illegal to hold, acquire or dispose of the Shares or more expensive for the 
relevant Issuer to hedge its obligations under the relevant Share-Linked Securities, (2) an 
insolvency filing by or on behalf of any issuer of the relevant Share(s), (3) Increased Cost of 
Hedging and (4) Hedging Disruption or, if "Supplementary Provisions for Belgian Securities" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, (1) a change in applicable law since the 
Trade Date that makes it illegal to hold, acquire or dispose of the Shares, (2) an insolvency filing 
by or on behalf of any issuer of the relevant Share(s). 
9.10 
Risks relating to Commodity-Linked Securities 
Commodity markets are influenced by, among other things, changing supply and demand 
relationships, weather, governmental, agricultural, commercial and trade programs and policies 
designed to influence commodity prices, world political and economic events, changes in interest 
rates and factors affecting the exchange(s) or quotation system(s) on which any such commodities 
may be traded. 
Where a Security linked to a commodity references a futures contract, this reference should be 
taken as if the futures contract had the specified commodity as the underlying commodity. 
Investments in futures and options contracts involve additional risks including, without limitation, 
leverage (margin is usually a percentage of the face value of the contract and exposure can be 
nearly unlimited). 
A holder of a futures position may find such positions become illiquid because certain commodity 
exchanges limit fluctuations in certain futures contract prices during a single day by regulations 
referred to as "daily price fluctuation limits" or "daily limits". Under such daily limits during a 
single trading day no trades may be executed at prices beyond the daily limits. Once the price of a

--- Page 58 ---
Risk Factors relating to the Securities 
 
 
58 
 
contract for a particular future has increased or decreased by an amount equal to the daily limit, 
positions in the future can neither be taken nor liquidated unless traders are willing to effect trades 
at or within the limit. This could prevent a holder from promptly liquidating unfavourable positions 
and subject it to substantial losses.  Futures contract prices in various commodities occasionally 
have exceeded the daily limit for several consecutive days with little or no trading. Similar 
occurrences could prevent the liquidation of unfavourable positions and subject an investor in a 
Security linked to such contract prices to substantial losses. 
Commodity future prices reflect the expectations of the market players as to the future value of the 
commodity and may not be consistent with the current prices of the relevant commodity. 
9.11 
Brent Commodity Reference Prices 
If the Commodity Reference Price with respect to a Series of Commodity-Linked Securities a 
Commodity Reference Price set out under the titles "Oil-Brent" in Section 6 of the Additional 
Terms and Conditions (Commodity Reference Price), the Determination Agent may be permitted 
to substitute the Commodity Reference Price for another Commodity Reference Price and/or to 
make certain adjustments to the terms of such Series as it deems appropriate, including to the 
formula or other provisions for determining the Final Redemption Amount, any Interest Amount 
and/or the Relevant Underlying Value and any other variable relevant to the exercise, settlement, 
payment or other terms of the relevant Commodity-Linked Securities.  Any such substitution or 
adjustments may result in Securityholders receiving a lesser amount than they would have received 
but for such substitution and may adversely affect the value of the Commodity-Linked Securities 
of the relevant Series. 
9.12 
Risks relating to Currency-Linked Securities 
See 'Risk Factors relating to currencies and exchange rates' above. 
9.13 
Securities linked to Preference Shares 
(a) 
General Risks relating to Securities linked to Preference Shares 
Morgan Stanley, MSBV and MSFL may issue Securities with principal (and interest, if any) 
determined by reference to the changes in the value of the preference shares ("Preference 
Shares"), which may fluctuate up or down depending on the performance of the relevant 
underlying asset(s) or basis of reference to which Preference Shares are linked (the "Preference 
Share Underlying") as set out in the terms and conditions of the Preference Shares (the "Terms 
of the Preference Shares").  If, as a result of the performance of the Preference Share Underlying, 
the performance of the Preference Shares is negative the value of the Preference Share-Linked 
Securities will be adversely affected.  Purchasers of Preference Share-Linked Securities risk losing 
all or a part of their investment if the value of the Preference Shares falls. 
If the Preference Shares incorporate an "underlying determination event" mechanism as described 
below and the Preference Shares become subject to redemption pursuant thereto, the Maturity Date 
of the Securities and thereby valuation of the Preference Shares, will be brought forward and fall 
earlier than would otherwise have been the case. 
As set out below, Preference Share-Linked Securities will be subject to early redemption if an 
Extraordinary Event or, if applicable, an Additional Disruption Event occurs or if an Early 
Redemption Event occurs.  In these circumstances the Issuer may redeem the Securities at the 
Early Redemption Amount or the Early Share Redemption Security Amount, as applicable.  The 
Early Redemption Amount or Early Preference Share Redemption Security Amount may be 
less (and in certain circumstances, significantly less) than investors' initial investment. 
(b) 
Exposure to the Preference Share Underlying 
The Preference Share Underlying may be a specified index or basket of indices, a specified equity 
or basket of equities, a specified currency or basket of currencies, a specified fund share or unit or 
basket of fund shares or units or such other underlying instruments, bases of reference or factors 
as may be determined by the issuer of the relevant Preference Shares (the "Preference Share 
Issuer") and specified in the terms and conditions of the relevant series of Preference Shares.

--- Page 59 ---
Risk Factors relating to the Securities 
 
 
59 
 
Consequently potential investors should also consider the risk factors entitled "Securities linked 
to the performance of funds", "Risks relating to Index-Linked Securities" and "Risks relating 
to Share-Linked Securities" set out above in respect of the risks involved in investing in 
Securities (in this case the Preference Shares) linked to certain Relevant Underlying(s). 
The Terms of the Preference Shares provide that the Preference Shares will be redeemable on their 
final redemption date (or otherwise in accordance with the Terms of the Preference Shares).  On 
redemption, the Preference Shares will carry preferred rights to receive an amount calculated by 
reference to the Preference Share Underlying. The Preference Shares may also incorporate an 
"underlying determination event" mechanism, which may be triggered by certain annual changes 
in the value of the Preference Share Underlying.  On the occurrence of such underlying 
determination event, the Preference Shares will cease to be exposed to the Preference Share 
Underlying and will be redeemed at a redemption amount equal to the issue price multiplied by 
the relevant percentage specified in the Terms of the Preference Shares for the year in which the 
underlying determination event has occurred. 
Investors should review the Terms of the Preference Shares and consult with their own 
professional advisers if they consider it necessary. 
(c) 
Credit and Fraud Risk of Preference Share Issuer 
Preference Share-Linked Securities are linked to the performance of the relevant Preference 
Shares.  Investors bear the risk of an investment in the Preference Share Issuer.  The value of the 
Preference Share-Linked Securities is dependent on the value of the Preference Shares, which will 
depend in part on the creditworthiness of Preference Share Issuer, which may vary over the term 
of the Preference Share-Linked Securities.  The Preference Share Issuer is not an operating 
company.  Its sole business activity is the issue of redeemable preference shares.  The Preference 
Share Issuer does not have any trading assets and does not generate any significant net income.  
As its funds are limited any misappropriation of funds or other fraudulent action by the Preference 
Share Issuer or person acting on its behalf would have a significant adverse effect on the value of 
the Preference Shares and will adversely affect the value of the Preference Share-Linked 
Securities. 
(d) 
Determination of Extraordinary Events and Additional Disruption Events 
The Determination Agent may determine the occurrence of a Merger Event, Tender Offer, 
Insolvency or Additional Disruption Event in relation to the Preference Share-Linked Securities.  
Upon such determination, the relevant Issuer may, at its option redeem the Preference 
Share-Linked Securities in whole at the Early Redemption Amount which may be less than the 
amount invested in the Preference Share-Linked Securities.  Securityholders will not benefit from 
any appreciation of the Preference Shares that may occur following such redemption. 
(e) 
No ownership rights 
An investment in Preference Share-Linked Securities is not the same as an investment in the 
Preference Shares and does not confer any legal or beneficial interest in the Preference Shares or 
any Preference Share Underlying or any voting rights, right to receive dividends or other rights 
that a holder of the Preference Shares or any Preference Share Underlying may have.  The 
Preference Share-Linked Securities are unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer. 
(f) 
Hedging activities of the Issuer and affiliates 
The Issuer or its affiliates may carry out hedging activities related to the Preference Share-Linked 
Securities, including purchasing the Preference Shares and/or the Preference Share Underlying, 
but will not be obliged to do so.  Certain of the Issuer's affiliates may also purchase and sell the 
Preference Shares and/or purchase and sell the Preference Share Underlying on a regular basis as 
part of their securities businesses.  Any of these activities could potentially affect the value of the 
Preference Share Underlying and, accordingly, the value of the Preference Shares and the 
Preference Share-Linked Securities.

--- Page 60 ---
Risk Factors relating to the Securities 
 
 
60 
 
9.14 
Risks Relating to Futures Contract-Linked Securities 
The Issuers may issue Securities where the redemption amount or, if applicable, the interest 
amount is linked to the performance of a futures contract (a "Futures Contract") or a basket of 
Futures Contracts. The underlying of such Futures Contracts may include equity indices (including 
equity indices giving exposure to dividends paid by the constituent companies or the volatility of 
those constituent companies), single stocks, foreign exchange rates, bonds, or other types of 
underlying asset(s), contracts or property. It is important that an investor in Securities linked to the 
performance of futures contracts understands the contract specification of the relevant Futures 
Contract(s), including the applicable underlying(s) and term for which exposure is given. 
The risks associated with investing in Futures Contract-Linked Securities are similar to the risks 
attached to a direct investment in the relevant futures contract(s). There are substantial risks in 
directly or indirectly investing in futures contracts including, without limitation, the risks set out 
below. 
Investment risks that prospective investors should be aware of include the following: 
(1) 
The value of the futures contract(s) underlying the Securities may vary over time and may 
increase or decrease by reference to a variety of factors which include the factors affecting 
any underlying of the futures contract(s) such as: 
• 
the expectations of performance in relation to the underlying of the futures contract 
or the constituent assets of any index or indices underlying the Futures Contract 
from time to time; 
• 
in the case of an index underlying the Futures Contract, any changes in the 
constituents of that index; 
• 
market interest and yield rates; 
• 
economic, political, structural supply and demand and macro-economic factors; 
• 
changes in applicable law and regulation; and 
• 
in the case of Securities linked to dividend futures contracts (the value of which 
typically tracks dividends paid by the constituent companies of the underlying 
equity index during a specified time period), the dividend policy of the relevant 
constituent companies of the related underlying index and the terms as to which 
dividends are relevant realised dividends (which often exclude special or 
extraordinary dividends). Investors should be aware that such constituent 
companies may pay reduced relevant dividends or no such dividends in respect of 
the relevant contract period or dividends that may bear no relation to dividends 
paid during a prior contract period. 
In addition, the value of future contract(s) also depends on factors relating to the relevant 
futures contract itself, such as the time remaining to the final settlement date, and the 
liquidity of such futures contract(s), the contract specification and the terms of the relevant 
underlying(s).  
(2) 
The Securities give rise to obligations of the Issuer and will not give rise to any obligations 
or rights in respect of the Futures Contract(s) or any underlying(s) of the Futures 
Contract(s). The return on investment may have been higher if made in the Futures 
Contract(s) or underlying(s) of the Futures Contract(s) rather than by purchasing the 
Securities.  
(3) 
The performance of a similar futures contract or its underlying(s) over a prior contract 
period will not necessarily be indicative of the performance of the relevant Futures 
Contract(s) to which the Securities relate.

--- Page 61 ---
Risk Factors relating to the Securities 
 
 
61 
 
9.15 
Risks associated with Relevant Underlying comprised of a Basket 
(a) 
Exposure to performance of Basket and its components 
Where the Securities are linked to or reference a Basket of assets, the investors in such Securities 
are exposed to the performance of such Basket. The investors will bear the risk of the performance 
of each of the Basket Components. 
(b) 
A high correlation of Basket Components may have a significant effect on amounts payable 
Some Securities are linked to Baskets of Relevant Underlying where the performance of such 
Relevant Underlying tends to move in the same direction, or correlate, as a result of changes in 
market conditions, such as a change in interest rates. Correlation of Basket Components indicates 
the level of interdependence among the individual Basket Components with respect to their 
performance. If, for example, all of the Basket Components originate from the same sector and the 
same country, a high positive correlation may generally be assumed. Past rates of correlation may 
not be determinative of future rates of correlation: investors should be aware that, though Basket 
Components may not appear to be correlated based on past performance, it may be that they suffer 
the same adverse performance following a general downturn or other economic or political event. 
Where the Basket Components are subject to high correlation, any move in the performance of the 
Basket Components will exaggerate the performance of the Securities. 
(c) 
The negative performance of a single Basket Component may outweigh a positive performance 
of one or more other Basket Components 
Investors in Securities must be aware that even in the case of a positive performance of one or 
more Basket Components, the performance of the Basket as a whole may be negative if the 
performance of the other Basket Components is negative to a greater extent, subject to the terms 
and conditions of the relevant Securities. 
(d) 
A small Basket, or an unequally weighted Basket, will generally leave the Basket more 
vulnerable to changes in the value of any particular Relevant Underlying 
The performance of a Basket that includes a smaller number of Relevant Underlying will generally, 
subject to the terms and conditions of the relevant Securities, be more affected by changes in the 
value of any particular Relevant Underlying included therein than a Basket that includes a greater 
number of Relevant Underlying. 
The performance of a Basket that gives greater weight to some Relevant Underlying will generally, 
subject to the terms and conditions of the relevant Securities, be more affected by changes in the 
value of any such particular Relevant Underlying included therein than a Basket that gives 
relatively equal weight to each Relevant Underlying. 
(e) 
A change in composition of a Basket may have an adverse effect on Basket performance 
Where the Securities grant the Determination Agent the right, in certain circumstances, to adjust 
the composition of the Basket, investors should be aware that any replacement Basket Component 
may perform differently from the original Basket Component, which may have an adverse effect 
on the performance of the Basket which will in turn have an adverse effect on the value of the 
Securities. 
9.16 
Effect of the liquidity of the Relevant Underlying on Security pricing 
An Issuer's and/or its Affiliates' hedging costs tend to be higher the less liquidity the Relevant 
Underlying has or the greater the difference between the "buy" and "sell" prices for the Relevant 
Underlying or derivatives contracts referenced to the Relevant Underlying.  When quoting prices 
for the Securities, the Issuer and/or its Affiliates will factor in such hedging costs and will pass 
them on to the Securityholders by incorporating them into the "buy" and "sell" prices.  Thus, 
Securityholders selling their Securities on an exchange or on the over-the-counter market may be 
doing so at a price that is substantially lower than the actual value of the Securities at the time of 
sale.

--- Page 62 ---
Risk Factors relating to the Securities 
 
 
62 
 
9.17 
Historical value of the Relevant Underlying 
The historical value (if any) of the Relevant Underlying or the components of the Relevant 
Underlying does not indicate their future performance. Holders of the Securities should be aware 
that the Relevant Underlying or the components of the Relevant Underlying may perform 
differently than they have historically, which could adversely affect the value of the Securities, the 
return on the Securities and the price at which the Securityholder can sell such Securities. 
9.18 
Investors have no shareholder rights 
As an owner of Securities, investors shall be aware that they will not have voting rights or rights 
to receive dividends, interest or other distributions, as applicable, or any other rights with respect 
to any underlying security, preference share, ETF, other fund or index. 
9.19 
Risk associated with estimating the price of the Relevant Underlying if its domestic market is 
closed while secondary trading in the Securities is open 
If the Relevant Underlying is traded on its domestic market during the opening hours for secondary 
trading in the Securities by the Issuer or its Affiliates or any stock exchange on which the Securities 
are listed, the price of the Relevant Underlying is incorporated into the price calculation for the 
Securities.  In certain cases, however, the price of the Relevant Underlying may need to be 
estimated if the Securities are traded at a time when the market for the Relevant Underlying is 
closed.  In general, this problem could apply to the Securities irrespective of the time at which they 
are traded because the Issuer and/or its Affiliates currently offer off-exchange trading in the 
Securities at times when the Relevant Underlying is not traded on the local markets or stock 
exchanges.  This problem applies in particular to a Relevant Underlying that is traded in time zones 
different from European time zones.  The same problem arises if the Securities are traded on days 
on which the domestic market for the Relevant Underlying is closed because of a public holiday.  
If the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates estimates the price of the Relevant Underlying when the 
domestic market is closed, its estimate may prove to be accurate, too high or too low within just a 
few hours of the domestic market re-opening for trade in the Relevant Underlying.  
Correspondingly, the prices used by the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates for the Securities prior 
to the opening of business on the domestic market may subsequently prove to be too high or too 
low. Holders of the Securities should be aware that where the estimated price of the Relevant 
Underlying is too low, the secondary trading price of the Securities may be less than if the price 
of the Relevant Underlying had not been estimated. 
9.20 
Administrator/ Benchmark Events 
Where the Relevant Underlying or otherwise any variable by reference to which interest, principal 
or other amounts payable under the Securities is a "Relevant Benchmark" for the purposes of the 
Conditions, the administrator or sponsor (or the Relevant Benchmark) may be required to be 
authorised, registered, recognised, endorsed or otherwise included in an official register in order 
for the Issuer, the Determination Agent or the Calculation Agent to be permitted to use the 
Relevant Benchmark and perform their respective obligations under the Securities. If the 
Determination Agent determines that such a requirement applies to the administrator or sponsor 
(or the Relevant Benchmark) but it has not been satisfied then an "Administrator/Benchmark 
Event" will occur and the Determination Agent or the Issuer may then apply certain fallbacks.  
In the case where the Securities reference a Relevant Equity Index Benchmark or a Relevant 
Commodity Benchmark that is a Commodity Index these fallbacks may include one or more of 
the Determination Agent replacing the Relevant Equity Index Benchmark or the Relevant 
Commodity Benchmark with any "Alternative Pre-nominated Index" which has been specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms, making adjustments to the amounts payable by the Issuer under the 
Securities, adjusting the other terms and conditions of the Securities or the Issuer redeeming the 
Securities. 
In the case where the Securities reference a Relevant Commodity Benchmark (other than a 
Commodity Index) the fallbacks may include the Determination Agent making a determination of 
the Relevant Underlying Value by reference to a fallback reference price, postponing the Pricing 
Date, determining the Relevant Underlying Value on the basis of quotations provided to the

--- Page 63 ---
Risk Factors relating to the Securities 
 
 
63 
 
Determination Agent by each of the Reference Dealers, the Determination Agent otherwise 
determining, in its reasonable discretion, the Relevant Underlying Value (or a method for 
determining the Relevant Underlying Value), taking into consideration the latest available 
quotation for the relevant Commodity Reference Price and any other information that it deems 
relevant, or the Issuer redeeming the Securities. 
In the case where the Securities reference a Relevant FX Benchmark the fallbacks may include the 
Determination Agent making a determination of the Settlement Rate or using a fallback reference 
price to determine the Settlement Rate, or the Issuer redeeming the Securities. 
In the case where the Securities reference a Relevant Rates Benchmark, the fallbacks summarised 
in the risk factor entitled "EURIBOR, CMS Reference Rates, SONIA, €STR, SARON, TONA and 
other benchmark rate discontinuance or prohibition on use may lead to adjustments to the terms 
of the Securities or an early redemption of the Securities" above will apply. Holders of the 
Securities should be aware that such adjustments to the terms of the Securities or early redemption 
of the Securities may adversely impact the return on and value of the Securities. 
10. 
Risk Factors relating to Securities that include certain features 
10.1 
Structured Rate Linked Securities 
The rate of interest payable on certain Structured Rate Linked Securities may be calculated from 
a formula set out in the provisions of the Additional Terms and Conditions specified to be 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms (for instance, where Paragraphs 1.10 (Steepener Securities), 
1.11 (Digital Option Securities) and 1.12 (Inverse Floater Securities) of Section 2 (Additional 
Terms and Conditions: Interest and Redemption Terms). The formula may reference a number of 
underlying reference rates, which may be fixed rates or floating interest rates (including swap rates 
or difference between two swap rates), as specified in the relevant Issue Terms. An underlying 
reference rate may be subject to an addition (or subtraction) of a margin, and further multiplied by 
a leverage or interest participation factor, as specified in the relevant Issue Terms.  
Structured Rate Linked Securities can therefore be volatile instruments as they are linked to a 
number of interest rates, and may be structured to include multipliers or other leverage factors, 
margins, caps and/or floors (See "Caps and floors" above for a description of this feature).  
10.2 
Basket Securities - "Best of" Average/"Worst of" Average/"Selection" Average 
Determinations of amounts payable under Securities linked to the value and/or performance of a 
basket of Relevant Underlyings may take into account the average value and/or performance of 
only a limited number of the components of the relevant basket, identified by reference to their 
value and/or performance relative to the other components of the basket as of one or more relevant 
dates.  For the purpose of such determinations, the Determination Agent will order the values 
and/or performances of the components, high to low, and the relevant determination will be based 
on an average of the values (or performances) of an identified number of components having the 
highest values or performances (in the case of Securities in respect of which "Best of Average" 
applies), or having the lowest values or performances (in the case of Securities in respect of which 
"Worst of Average" applies) or which are otherwise identified by reference to such order (in the 
case of Securities in respect of which "Selected Average" applies). 
10.3 
Worst-of Basket Performance feature 
Determinations of the Final Redemption Amount payable in respect of Securities linked to the 
value and/or performance of a basket of Relevant Underlyings may be made solely by reference 
to the worst performing Basket Component if "Worst-of Basket Performance" feature is 
applicable in respect of the Securities (for instance, where Paragraph 3.11(b)(ii) (Single Barrier 
Final Redemption – Worst-of Basket Performance-Linked Redemption 1) or Paragraph 3.11(b)(iii) 
(Single Barrier Final Redemption – Worst-of Basket Performance-Linked Redemption 2) of 
Section 2 (Additional Terms and Conditions: Interest and Redemption Terms) of the Additional 
Terms and Conditions is applicable).  Accordingly, in relation to such Securities, the Final 
Redemption Amount payable may be linked to the value/performance of the worst performing 
Basket Component, irrespective of the value/performance of any other Basket Component.

--- Page 64 ---
Risk Factors relating to the Securities 
 
 
64 
 
Further, where Physical Settlement will apply in respect of the Securities, upon the condition for 
the relevant section to be applicable being satisfied and pursuant to any "Worst-of Basket 
Performance" feature being applicable (for instance, where Paragraph 3.11(c)(ii) (Single Barrier 
Final Redemption – Worst of Basket Performance Linked Redemption) of Section 2 (Additional 
Terms and Conditions: Interest and Redemption Terms ) of the Additional Terms and Conditions 
is applicable), the Underlying Securities which will comprise the Physical Delivery Amount shall 
be the worst performing Basket Component. None of the other Basket Components will comprise 
the Underlying Securities delivered to the Securityholder. 
10.4 
Averaging features 
Determinations of amounts payable under Securities linked to the value and/or performance of a 
single Relevant Underlying or a basket of Relevant Underlyings may be determined based on the 
arithmetic mean of values determined as of a series of Averaging Dates.  This will limit the extent 
to which a sudden increase or decrease in value and/or performance of the Relevant Underlying 
on a single date affects the relevant determination. 
10.5 
Participation feature (Final Redemption Amount)  
Where "participation" is used to identify the terms for determining the Final Redemption Amount 
payable on any Securities (for instance, where Paragraph 3.21 (Participation and Performance-
Linked Redemption), Paragraph 3.8 (Barrier Redemption 2) or Paragraph 3.9 (Barrier and 
Participation Redemption) of Section 2 (Additional Terms and Conditions: Interest and 
Redemption Terms) of the Additional Terms and Conditions is applicable), the formula for 
determining such Final Redemption Amount may include a percentage multiplication factor (or 
"Participation Rate") applied to the calculation of the performance of the Relevant Underlying.  
The Participation Rate shall be a percentage rate between 0 per cent. and 100 per cent., and where 
such percentage is less than 100 per cent., the Final Redemption Amount will accordingly be linked 
to part only of such performance and may be less than the amount that would have been payable 
if linked to the full value of such performance, and may be less than par. 
The formula for determining the Final Redemption Amount may also apply an amount which is 
100 per cent. minus such a percentage (or Participation Factor) as a multiplication factor to a fixed 
amount in determining the Final Redemption Amount, in which case the deduction of such 
percentage will reduce the Final Redemption Amount that would otherwise be payable in respect 
of the Securities. 
10.6 
Barrier (including Dual Barrier) feature (Interest and Final Redemption Amount) 
Interest - Where "barrier" is used to identify the terms for determining interest payable on any 
Securities (for instance, where Paragraph 1.9 (Barrier Securities) of Section 2 (Additional Terms: 
Interest and Redemption Terms), Paragraph 1.16 (Barrier Conditional Coupon) of Section 2 
(Additional Terms and Conditions: Interest and Redemption Terms), Paragraph 1.16 (Barrier 
Conditional Coupon) of Section 2 (Additional Terms and Conditions: Interest and Redemption 
Terms) of the Additional Terms and Conditions is applicable), each such payment of interest on 
the Securities will be conditional on the value or performance of the Relevant Underlying, as 
determined in accordance with the applicable Conditions as of the relevant Interest Determination 
Date, being (i) greater than, (ii) greater than or equal to, (iii) less than or (iv) less than or equal to, 
as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, a specified barrier value, and if such condition (referred 
to as a "barrier condition") is not satisfied, then the amount of interest payable may be zero. 
Where "dual barrier" is used to identify the terms for determining the interest payable on any 
Securities (for instance, where Paragraph 1.18 (Dual Barrier Conditional Coupon) of Section 2 
(Additional Terms and Conditions: Interest and Redemption Terms) of the Additional Terms and 
Conditions is applicable), the interest amount payable will be conditional on two barriers, and a 
different interest amount may be payable depending on which of the two barrier conditions is 
satisfied. If neither barrier condition is satisfied, then the amount of interest payable may be 
zero. 
Redemption - Where "barrier" is used to identify the terms for determining the Final Redemption 
Amount payable on any Securities (for instance, where Paragraph 3.11 (Single Barrier Final

--- Page 65 ---
Risk Factors relating to the Securities 
 
 
65 
 
Redemption) of Section 2 (Additional Terms and Conditions: Interest and Redemption Terms), 
Sub-Section III (Redemption at Maturity) of Section 2 (Additional Terms and Conditions: Interest 
and Redemption Terms), Paragraph 3.6 (Performance-Linked Redemption) of Section 2 
(Additional Terms and Conditions: Interest and Redemption Terms ), Paragraph 3.8 (Barrier 
Redemption 2) of Section 2 (Additional Terms and Conditions: Interest and Redemption Terms), 
Paragraph 3.10 (Barrier and Participation Redemption – FX Performance Adjustment) of Section 
2 (Additional Terms and Conditions: Interest and Redemption Terms) or Paragraph 3.23 (Lock In 
Ladder Barrier Redemption) of Section 2 (Additional Terms and Conditions: Interest and 
Redemption Terms) of the Additional Terms and Conditions is applicable), the redemption amount 
payable may be par if the value or performance of the Relevant Underlying, as determined in 
accordance with the applicable Conditions as of the relevant Determination Date, is (i) greater 
than, (ii) greater than or equal to, (iii) less than or (iv) less than or equal to, as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, a specified barrier value, and if such condition is not satisfied, an 
amount determined by reference to the performance of the Relevant Underlying, which may 
be less than par. 
Where "dual barrier" is used to identify the terms for determining the Final Redemption Amount 
payable on any Securities (for instance, where Paragraph 3.12 (Dual Barrier Final Redemption 1) 
of Section 2 (Additional Terms and Conditions: Interest and Redemption Terms) or Paragraph 3.18 
(Dual Barrier Redemption – Twin Win) of Section 2 (Additional Terms and Conditions: Interest 
and Redemption Terms) of the Additional Terms and Conditions is applicable), the Final 
Redemption Amount payable will be conditional on two barriers, and a different Final 
Redemption Amount may be payable depending on which of the two barrier conditions is 
satisfied, or if neither is satisfied. 
10.7 
"Worst Performance" variation of "barrier" feature 
Interest - Where the determination of interest payable on the Securities includes a "Worst 
Performance" feature (i.e., where "Worst Performance" is specified as being applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms in relation to Paragraph 1.16 (Barrier Conditional Coupon) of Section 2 
(Additional Terms and Conditions: Interest and Redemption Terms) of the Additional Terms and 
Conditions, payment of interest will be conditional on the value/performance of the worst 
performing Basket Component as determined in accordance with the applicable Conditions as of 
the relevant Interest Determination Date, being (i) greater than, (ii) greater than or equal to, (iii) 
less than or (iv) less than or equal to, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, a specified barrier 
value, and if such condition is not satisfied, then the amount of interest payable will be zero. 
Accordingly, if the "Worst Performance" feature is specified as being applicable, the interest 
payable may be zero even if the value/performance of the other Basket Components satisfy 
the specified barrier condition. 
10.8 
"Twin Win" variation of the "dual barrier" feature 
Where "Twin Win" is used to identify the terms for determining the Final Redemption Amount 
payable on any Securities (for instance, where Paragraph 3.18 (Dual Barrier Redemption – Twin 
Win) of Section 2 (Additional Terms and Conditions: Interest and Redemption Terms ) of the 
Additional Terms and Conditions is applicable), the Final Redemption Amount payable where the 
first barrier condition is satisfied shall be an amount linked to the value/performance of the 
Relevant Underlying and the Final Redemption Amount where the second barrier condition is 
satisfied shall be amount linked to the performance of the Relevant Underlying, but on the basis 
that "Put Performance" feature is applicable. See "Put Performance" below for a description of 
this feature. 
10.9 
Automatic Early Redemption (Autocall) 
Where "Automatic Early Redemption (Autocall)", as provided for in Sub-Section II (Automatic 
Early Redemption (Autocall)) of Section 2 (Additional Terms and Conditions: Interest and 
Redemption Terms), is applicable, and the value of the Relevant Underlying, as of any Automatic 
Early Redemption Determination Date specified in the applicable Issue Terms, is (i) greater than, 
(ii) greater than or equal to, (iii) less than or (iv) less than or equal to, as specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, the applicable Autocall Barrier Value, then an Automatic Early Redemption Event 
shall be deemed to have occurred and the Issuer shall redeem the Securities on the immediately

--- Page 66 ---
Risk Factors relating to the Securities 
 
 
66 
 
following Automatic Early Redemption Date at an amount specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Security also the risks described in paragraph entitled "The Securities may be redeemed prior to 
maturity" above. 
10.10 
"Worst Performance" variation of Automatic Early Redemption (Autocall) 
Where the determination of whether an automatic early redemption event has occurred includes a 
"Worst Performance" feature (i.e., where "Worst Performance" is specified as being applicable in 
the relevant Issue Terms in relation to Paragraph 2.1 (Autocall 1) of Section 2 (Additional Terms 
and Conditions: Interest and Redemption Terms) of the Additional Terms and Conditions), 
whether or not an automatic early redemption event has occurred (and therefore whether or not the 
relevant Securities would be redeemed before their scheduled maturity date) will be conditional 
on the value/performance of the worst performing Basket Component as determined in accordance 
with the applicable Conditions as of the relevant Interest Determination Date, being (i) greater 
than, (ii) greater than or equal to, (iii) less than or (iv) less than or equal to, as specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms. Accordingly, if the "Worst Performance" feature is specified as being 
applicable, such automatic early redemption event may be triggered by a single Basket Component 
(being the worst performance such Basket Component) irrespective of the value/performance of 
the other components of the basket. 
10.11 
Reset Initial Reference Value (Autocall) 
Where "Reset Initial Reference Value" is specified as being applicable in respect of a Series of 
Securities, the Initial Reference Value will not be a fixed value throughout the life of the Securities 
and may instead be reset on any Reset Observation Date. If the Final Reference Value on such a 
Reset Observation Date is less than the Reset Barrier Value, the Initial Reference Value in respect 
of such Reset Observation Date will be the Relevant Underlying Value as of the Strike Date. 
However, if the Final Reference Value is equal to or greater than the Reset Barrier Value, then the 
Initial Reference Value will be the Relevant Underlying Value as of the Strike Date, multiplied by 
a Reset Rate (such value the "Reset Initial Reference Value"). Therefore, if (i) an amount payable 
under the Securities is determined by reference to a fraction equal to the Final Reference Value 
divided by the Reset Initial Reference Value and (ii) the Reset Rate is in excess of 100 per cent., 
then such amount payable under the Securities will be lower than if the amount payable under the 
Securities were determined by reference to a fraction equal to the Final Reference Value divided 
by the Initial Reference Value. 
10.12 
Range Accrual feature 
Where the determination of interest payable on the Securities includes a "range" accrual feature 
(for instance, where Paragraph 1.8 (Range Accrual Securities) of Section 2 (Additional Terms and 
Conditions: Interest and Redemption Terms), Paragraph 1.19 (Range Barrier Conditional 
Coupon) or Paragraph 1.20 (Range Accrual Coupon) of Section 2 (Additional Terms and 
Conditions: Interest and Redemption Terms) of the Additional Terms and Conditions is 
applicable), the interest payable on the Securities will be calculated by reference to (A) the number 
of days (Scheduled Trading Days or Business Days or specified Observation Dates, as applicable) 
in a specified period on which the reference rate or the value/performance of the Relevant 
Underlying (as applicable) is greater than a specified rate or value (B) divided by the total number 
of days (Scheduled Trading Days, Business Days or specified Observation Dates, as applicable) 
in such specified period. For certain Securities, the reference rate may be (i) a single underlying 
interest rate, (ii) the sum of two underlying interest rates, or (iii) the difference between two 
underlying interest rates. An underlying interest rate may be a fixed rate or a floating interest rate 
(which includes a swap rate or difference between two swap rates).   
10.13 
Put Performance 
Where "Put Performance" is specified as being applicable when determining the performance of 
the Relevant Underlying, the performance of the Relevant Underlying will be determined by the 
Determination Agent by reference to the value obtained by subtracting from one the value which 
is the Final Reference Value divided by the Applicable Initial Reference Value. Unlike where the 
performance of the Relevant Underlying is determined without reference to Put Performance, this 
value will always be lower than 1. Accordingly, where "Put Performance" is applicable, the value

--- Page 67 ---
Risk Factors relating to the Securities 
 
 
67 
 
determined as the performance of the Relevant Underlying will be lower than if Put Performance 
had not been applied in respect of the same Relevant Underlying. 
10.14 
Multiple features i.e. different combinations of payout features 
Investors should note that a series of Securities issued under the Program may contain one or more 
of the features described in this section entitled "Feature-specific risk factors" in various different 
combinations. A series of Securities may have more than one type of interest applying to different 
interest periods and/or interest payment dates. As a result, the risks highlighted in respect of each 
such feature above may be compounded where a number of features apply to a single Series of 
Securities.  Depending on the features that apply to a Series of Securities, an investor may bear the 
risk that no interest is payable throughout the life of the Securities and that the redemption amount 
in respect of the Securities may be less than par and, in certain circumstances, may be zero. 
10.15 
Caps and floors 
Caps on value/performance of the Relevant Underlying. The formula or other basis for determining 
the value and/or performance of the Relevant Underlying in respect of a Series of Securities (or of 
individual Basket Components comprised in a Relevant Underlying which is a Basket) may 
provide for a maximum value, or cap, such that any value and/or performance of the 
Relevant Underlying (or individual Basket Components) in excess of the applicable cap will 
not be taken into account for the purposes of the relevant determination.  Amounts payable 
on the Securities linked to such capped value and/or performance will be limited accordingly. 
Floors on value/performance of the Relevant Underlying. The formula or other basis for 
determining the value and/or performance of the Relevant Underlying in respect of a Series of 
Securities (or of individual Basket Components comprised in a Relevant Underlying which is a 
Basket) may alternatively, or additionally, be subject to a minimum value, or floor, such that any 
value and/or performance of the Relevant Underlying (or individual Basket Components) below 
the applicable floor will not be taken into account for the purposes of the relevant determination.  
Amounts payable on the Securities linked to such floored value and/or performance will be limited 
accordingly.  However, depending on the relevant formula or other basis for determination, such 
a floor may entitle holders to receive payment(s) greater than they would have received if the 
relevant determination had not been subject to the floor. 
Caps and floors on interest rates. In addition, the rate of interest payable on certain Floating Rate 
Securities and certain Structured Rate Linked Securities may be subject to a maximum rate of 
interest or a minimum rate of interest specified in the applicable Issue Terms. If a maximum rate 
of interest is specified, the rate of interest payable on such Floating Rates Securities and such 
Structured Rate Linked Securities will be limited to such maximum rate. However, if a floor or a 
minimum rate of interest is specified in respect of any Floating Rate Securities or any Structured 
Rate Linked Securities, the rate of interest payable on such Securities may entitle holders to receive 
payment(s) greater than they would have received if the relevant rate of interest had not been 
subject to the floor. If the applicable Issue Terms specify "Curve Cap" to be applicable in respect 
of any Structured Rate Linked Securities, then the rate of interest payable on such Securities will 
be limited to a maximum rate calculated by reference to (i) the product of a reference rate and a 
leverage factor (which may have a value equal to one (1)), plus (ii) a spread amount (which may 
be negative). 
10.16 
Weighting of Basket Components 
Determinations of amounts payable under Securities linked to the value and/or performance of a 
basket of Relevant Underlyings may be determined by reference to the arithmetic mean of the 
values and/or performances of all (or some only, in the case of "Best of Average", "Worst of 
Average" or "Selected Average") of the Basket Components, which may be equally-weighted or, 
if so specified in the applicable Issue Terms, given different weightings.  The higher the weighting 
applicable to a particular Basket Component, the more Securityholders will be exposed to the value 
and/or performance of that Basket Component in comparison with the remaining Basket 
Components.

--- Page 68 ---
Risk Factors relating to the Securities 
 
 
68 
 
10.17 
Highest Performance 
Where "Highest Performance" is applicable (for instance where Paragraph 3.11(a)(iv) (Single 
Barrier Final Redemption – Highest Performance Redemption) of Section 2 (Additional Terms 
and Conditions: Interest and Redemption Terms of the Additional Terms and Conditions is 
applicable), determinations of amounts payable under Securities linked to the value and/or 
performance of a single Relevant Underlying, or a basket of Relevant Underlyings may be 
determined based on the highest of the values determined as of a series of Final Redemption 
Observation Dates. This will limit the extent to which a sudden increase or decrease in value and/or 
performance of the Relevant Underlying on a single date affects the relevant determination and, 
in addition, the investor will have the benefit of the highest of the observed values across such 
dates. 
10.18 
Top Rank Underlying Performance 
Where "Top Rank Underlying Performance" is applicable (for instance, where Paragraph 3.25 
(Ranked Underlying Redemption) of Section 2 (Additional Terms and Conditions: Interest and 
Redemption Terms) of the Additional Terms and Conditions is applicable), determinations of the 
Final Redemption Amount payable in respect of Securities may be made by reference to (i) the 
performance of "top ranked" Basket Components and (ii) a specified value which is to be applied 
as the performance of Basket Components other than "top ranked" Basket Components.  The "top 
ranked" Basket Components are selected by the Determination Agent by (A) determining the 
performance of each of the Basket Components, (B) ordering them by value, high to low, and (C) 
by selecting such number of the Basket Components, starting with the first, as are specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms. Where "Top Rank Underlying Performance" applies, because the Final 
Redemption Amount is linked to the performance of the better performing Basket Components, 
the Final Redemption Amount may be higher than if the Final Redemption Amount had been 
linked to the performance of all the Basket Components. 
10.19 
Memory feature (Interest, Automatic Early Redemption Amount or Final Redemption Amount)  
Interest - Where the determination of interest payable on the Securities includes a "Memory" 
feature (for instance, where Paragraph 1.16(B) (Barrier Conditional Coupon – Memory Barrier 
Conditional Coupon) of Section 2 (Additional Terms and Conditions: Interest and Redemption 
Terms) of the Additional Terms and Conditions is applicable) the interest accrued with respect to 
each Interest Determination Date will be conditional on the value or performance of the Relevant 
Underlying determined as of such Interest Determination Date being (i) greater than, (ii) greater 
than or equal to, (iii) less than or (iv) less than or equal to, as specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, a specified barrier value, and the interest so accrued will therefore be zero if the 
condition (referred to herein as a "barrier condition") is not satisfied.  However, the amount 
of interest to be accrued if such barrier condition is satisfied will be an amount which is increased 
on each successive Interest Determination Date but from which is deducted the sum of all interest 
accrued in respect of prior Interest Determination Dates.  Accordingly, if the interest accrued in 
respect of an Interest Determination Date (two or more successive Interest Determination Dates) 
is zero, the interest accrued in respect of the next following Interest Determination Date (if any) 
where such condition is satisfied will be in an increased amount which will typically equal the sum 
of the amounts which would have accrued had such condition been satisfied in respect of both (or 
all) such Interest Determination Dates, but without any interest or other allowance for the deferred 
accrual. 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount – where the determination of Automatic Early Redemption 
Amount includes a "Memory" feature (for instance, where Paragraph 2.1(B) (Autocall 1 – Memory 
Redemption) of Section 2 (Additional Terms and Conditions: Interest and Redemption Terms) of 
the Additional Terms and Conditions is applicable), the Automatic Early Redemption Amount 
payable will include all interest amounts which would have been paid on each Interest 
Determination Date before (and including) the relevant Automatic Early Redemption 
Determination Date as if the barrier condition been satisfied on each such date (but without any 
interest or other allowance for the deferred accrual) but from which is deducted the sum of all 
interest previously paid on the Securities.

--- Page 69 ---
Risk Factors relating to the Securities 
 
 
69 
 
Final Redemption Amount - where the determination of the Final Redemption Amount includes a 
"Memory" feature (for instance, where Paragraph 3.11(a)(iii) (Single Barrier Final Redemption – 
Capitalised Memory Redemption) of Section 2 (Additional Terms and Conditions: Interest and 
Redemption Terms) of the Additional Terms and Conditions is applicable), the Final Redemption 
Amount payable will include all interest amounts which would have been paid on each Interest 
Determination Date as if the barrier condition had been satisfied on each such date (but without 
any interest or other allowance for the deferred accrual) but from which is deducted the sum of all 
interest previously paid on the Securities. 
10.20 
Capitalised Redemption feature 
Where "capitalised" is used to identify the terms for determining the Final Redemption Amount in 
respect of any Securities (for instance, where Paragraph 3.11(a)(ii) (Single Barrier Final 
Redemption – Capitalised Non-Memory Redemption) and/or Paragraph 3.11(a)(iii) (Single Barrier 
Final Redemption – Capitalised Memory Redemption) of Section 2 (Additional Terms and 
Conditions  Interest and Redemption Terms) of the Additional Terms and Conditions is 
applicable), the Final Redemption Amount will include a component which will typically be equal 
to all interest accruing in respect of the Securities, which will be payable only on the Maturity Date 
and by a single payment.  Therefore, an investor may not receive any periodic or other payment of 
interest on such Securities prior to the Maturity Date. 
10.21 
Specified Rate (interest, Automatic Early Redemption Amount and Final Redemption Amount) 
Where the formula for calculating the interest, Automatic Early Redemption Amount or Final 
Redemption Amount includes reference to a Specified Rate, such interest, Automatic Early 
Redemption Amount or Final Redemption Amount may be calculated, amongst other factors, by 
reference to a percentage multiplication factor (or "Specified Rate"). The Specified Rate shall be 
a percentage rate between 0 and 100 per cent., and where the Specified Rate is less than 100 per 
cent., the interest, Automatic Early Redemption Amount or Final Redemption Amount may be 
less than the amount that would have been payable if linked to 100 per cent., and, in the case of 
the early or final redemption amount, may be less than par. 
10.22 
Lock in Ladder feature (Final Redemption Amount) 
Where "lock in ladder" is used to identify the terms for determination of the Final Redemption 
Amount payable with respect to any Securities (for instance, where Paragraph 3.23 (Lock In 
Ladder Redemption) or 3.24 (Lock In Ladder Barrier Redemption) of Section 2 (Additional Terms 
and Conditions: Interest and Redemption Terms) of the Additional Terms and Conditions is 
applicable), the Final Redemption Amount may be determined by reference to the greater of (A) 
the "Maximum Lock in Step" and (B) the performance of the Relevant Underlying. "Maximum 
Lock in Step" is the highest of the specified levels which may be included in the value which 
determined as the performance of the Relevant Underlying, observed across a set of Lock in 
Observation Dates. Where "lock in ladder" applies, therefore, the investor may receive a Final 
Redemption Amount which is higher than if the Final Redemption Amount only referenced the 
performance of the Relevant Underlying rather than also having regard to the Maximum Lock In 
Step. 
10.23 
Step-Up and Step-Down features 
Where the determination of interest payable on the Securities includes a "Step-Up" feature (for 
instance, where Paragraph 1.2(a) (Step-Up Securities) of Section 2 (Additional Terms and 
Conditions: Interest and Redemption Terms ) of the Additional Terms and Conditions is 
applicable), or includes a "Step-Down" feature (for instance, where Paragraph 1.2(b) (Step-Down 
Securities) of Section 2 (Additional Terms and Conditions: Interest and Redemption Terms) of the 
Additional Terms and Conditions is applicable), the rate of interest at which interest is calculated 
will increase (in the of the "Step-Up" feature) or will decrease (in the case of the "Step-Down" 
feature), as applicable, in respect of each Interest Payment Date as specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms.

--- Page 70 ---
Risk Factors relating to the Securities 
 
 
70 
 
10.24 
Optimised Performance 
Where "Optimised Performance (Type 1)" or "Optimised Performance (Type 2)" is specified as 
being applicable when determining the performance of the Relevant Underlying, the performance 
of the Relevant Underlying will be determined by the Determination Agent by reference to, as 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, either (A) the highest or (B) the lowest of the Initial 
Reference Values observed on each of the Optimised Observation Dates. If the applicable Issue 
Terms specify that the highest of the Initial Reference Values will be used, then the performance 
of the Relevant Underlying will be (and any payments on the Securities which reference such 
performance) lower than if the lowest of the Initial Reference Values was used. 
10.25 
Change of interest basis at the Issuer's option or automatically  
Securities shall have (where the applicable Issue Terms specify "Automatic Change of Interest 
Basis" to be applicable), or may have at the Issuer's option (where the applicable Issue Terms 
specify "Switchable Securities" to be applicable), more than one interest basis applicable to 
different interest periods and/or interest payment dates. These Securities may be Fixed Rate 
Securities, Floating Rate Securities or Structured Rate Linked Securities (or any combination of 
the foregoing). 
If the applicable Issue Terms specify "Switchable Securities" to be applicable, the Securities may 
bear interest at a rate that converts, at the option of the Issuer, from one specified rate to another 
specified rate. If the Issuer exercises its conversion option to convert a fixed rate of interest to a 
floating rate of interest or to convert a floating rate of interest to a fixed rate of interest, after such 
conversion, the Securities may bear interest at a rate of interest which is less favourable than 
prevailing spreads on comparable Securities.  
The Issuer's right to effect such a conversion may affect the secondary market and the market value 
of the Securities as the Issuer may be expected to convert the rate when it is likely to produce a 
lower overall cost of borrowing. 
10.26 
Exposure to MXN and UDI fixings 
Where the Securities are denominated in “Unidad de Inversión” (“UDI”), a unit of account that 
reflects the purchasing power of Mexican pesos (“MXN”) and is not a deliverable currency, all 
payments under the Securities will be made in MXN. Securityholders should therefore understand 
that their return will always be an amount denominated in MXN. 
Interest and/or principal under the Securities may be calculated by reference to a UDI fixing, which 
is the MXN/UDI rate expressed as the amount of MXN per one UDI as reported by the Banco de 
México on www.banxico.org.mx (or such successor website as may apply). If, at the relevant time 
of determination of the amount of interest or principal payable under the Securities, either (i) the 
MXN/UDI rate is not calculated and/or announced in a timely manner by the Banco de México, 
(ii) UDI is replaced or has been replaced by a successor unit of value, (iii) the Banco de México 
makes or has made a material change in the method of calculating the MXN/UDI rate, (iv) the 
Banco de México has in any way materially modified or restated the MXN/UDI rate, (v) the 
MXN/UDI rate is no longer published and has not been replaced by a successor unit of value or 
(vi) by means of any law, regulation, ruling, directive or interpretation, whether or not having the 
force of law, the United Mexican States or any of its agencies, instrumentalities or entities 
(including, without limitation, the Banco de México) takes any action which legally or de facto 
prevents, or has the effect of restricting or limiting, the calculation or announcement of the 
MXN/UDI rate or any of the values used to determine the MXN/UDI rate (each, an “Index 
Event”), then the UDI fixing to be used for the purposes of determining such amount of interest 
or principal payable under the Securities will be determined by the Determination Agent in its sole 
discretion. 
Securityholders should be aware that the return on their Securities is therefore subject to 
fluctuations in the UDI fixing and, potentially, the determination of the Determination Agent 
following the occurrence of any Index Event, and the amount of interest or principal payable under 
the Securities at any time may be significantly less than that which would have been expected if 
using the UDI fixing as at the Issue Date.

--- Page 71 ---
Risk Factors relating to the Securities 
 
 
71 
 
10.27 
Particular risks in relation to Dividend Adjusted Performance Feature of the Securities 
Where Securities are linked to a Share (in accordance with Condition 9 (Provisions Relating to 
Equity-Linked Securities)), with no dividend adjusted performance feature, the performance of the 
Share is determined by reference to the market price of the relevant Share with no reinvestment of 
the value of the dividend paid by the issuer of such Share (i.e. on any ex-dividend date the market 
price of the Share is reduced by the amount of the dividend). 
However, if the applicable Issue Terms specify that “Strategy Price” and "Closing Value with 
Dividend Adjusted Performance"  (as defined in Sub-Section IV (Strategy Price Value 
Determination Terms) of Section 4 (Value Determination Terms) of the Additional Terms and 
Conditions) are applicable, this means that the Securities reference the performance of the relevant 
Share(s) as adjusted so as to reflect a predetermined amount specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
(the Pre-Defined Dividend) being deducted periodically in lieu of the actual dividend paid by the 
relevant issuer of such Share. 
If the Pre-Defined Dividend in a relevant period is higher than the actual declared dividend during 
the same period, then the price or performance of the relevant Share will be adjusted downward 
and will, underperform the Share which is not so adjusted. Such underperformance will increase 
as the price of the relevant Share decreases, due to the fact that the Pre-Defined Dividend is a fixed 
amount set out in the applicable Issue Terms and not a percentage of the relevant Share price. If 
the Pre-Defined Dividend in a relevant period is lower than the actual declared dividend during 
the same period, then the price or performance of the relevant Share will be adjusted upward. 
Accordingly, due to the “Pre-Defined Dividend” feature, the Securities may perform differently in 
comparison to Securities linked to the same Share(s) but without such dividend adjusted 
performance feature. 
10.28 
Particular risks in relation to Strategy Level 
Where Securities are linked to a Share (in accordance with Condition 9 (Provisions Relating to 
Equity-Linked Securities)), if the applicable Issue Terms of the Securities specify that “Strategy 
Price” and "Strategy Calculation (Closing Value)", "Strategy Calculation (Opening Value)" or 
"Strategy Calculation (Intraday Value)"  (as defined in Sub-Section IV (Strategy Price Value 
Determination Terms) of Section 4 (Value Determination Terms) of the Additional Terms and 
Conditions) is applicable, this means that the Securities reference the performance of the Relevant 
Underlying(s) adjusted so as to reflect a predetermined amount being deducted periodically (the 
Pre-Defined Dividend). 
Therefore, the performance of the Relevant Underlying(s) will be adjusted downward and will, 
underperform the Relevant Underlying(s) which is not so adjusted. Accordingly, due to the 
“Strategy Level” feature, the Securities will perform differently in comparison to Securities linked 
to the same Relevant Underlying(s) but without such feature.

--- Page 72 ---
Disclaimers 
 
 
72 
 
DISCLAIMERS 
The Issuers, the Guarantor and MSI plc as Distribution Agent, disclaim any responsibility to advise 
prospective purchasers of any matters arising under the laws of the country in which they reside that 
may affect the purchase of, or holding of, or the receipt of payments on the Securities.  These persons 
should consult their own legal and financial advisors concerning these matters. 
1. 
General Disclaimers 
1.1 
Issuer's credit ratings may not reflect all risks 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Issuer and/or the 
Guarantor (if applicable).  The ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to 
structure, market, additional factors discussed above, and other factors that may affect the value 
of the Securities.  A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold Securities and may 
be revised or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time. 
1.2 
Change of law 
The Conditions of the Securities are based on English law in effect as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus.  No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change 
to English law or administrative practice in England after the date of this Base Prospectus. 
1.3 
Independent review and advice 
Each prospective investor must determine, based on its own independent review and such 
professional advice as it deems appropriate under the circumstances, that its acquisition of the 
Securities is (i) fully consistent with its (or if it is acquiring the Securities in a fiduciary capacity, 
the beneficiary's) financial needs, objectives and condition, (ii) complies and is fully consistent 
with all investment policies, guidelines and restrictions applicable to it (whether acquiring the 
Securities as principal or in a fiduciary capacity) and (iii) is a fit, proper and suitable investment 
for it (or if it is acquiring the Securities in a fiduciary capacity, for the beneficiary), 
notwithstanding the clear and substantial risks inherent in investing in or holding the Securities. 
Each of the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) and the Distribution Agent disclaims any 
responsibility to advise prospective investors of any matters arising under the law of the 
country in which such prospective investors reside that may affect the purchase of, or 
holding of, or the receipt of payments or deliveries on the Securities. 
1.4 
Selling Agent remuneration 
The Issuer may enter into distribution agreements with various financial institutions and other 
intermediaries as determined by the Issuer (each a "Selling Agent").  Each Selling Agent will 
agree, subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions, to subscribe for the Securities at a price 
equivalent to or below the Issue Price.  Any difference between the price at which the Selling 
Agent subscribes the Securities and the price at which the Selling Agent sells the Securities to 
investors will be a remuneration of the Selling Agent.  In addition, subject to compliance with all 
applicable laws, an upfront fee and/or a periodic fee may also be payable to the Selling Agents in 
respect of all outstanding Securities up to and including the maturity date at a rate determined by 
the Issuer and which may vary from time to time.  Any remuneration received by the Selling Agent, 
including any periodic payments, may influence the Selling Agent's recommendation of the 
Securities to potential investors and may also increase the purchase price to be paid by the investor.  
Each Selling Agent will agree to comply with the selling restrictions set out in the document as 
amended and supplemented by the additional selling restrictions set out in the relevant distribution 
agreements. 
1.5 
Registered Securities in Global Form 
Because the Global Security Certificates (as defined below) may be held by or on behalf of 
Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. ("Euroclear") and Clearstream Banking, société anonyme 
("Clearstream, Luxembourg"), and/or any other clearing system as may be specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms (such system or systems hereinafter referred to as the "Relevant Clearing

--- Page 73 ---
Disclaimers 
 
 
73 
 
System"), investors will have to rely on their procedures for transfer, payment and communication 
with the relevant Issuer. 
Securities (other than Uncertificated Securities) issued under the Program may be represented by, 
in the case of Registered Securities, interests in a global security certificate (a "Global Security 
Certificate" or "Global Instrument").  Such Global Instruments may be deposited with a 
common depositary or common safekeeper for the Relevant Clearing System.  Except in the 
circumstances described in the relevant Global Instrument, investors will not be entitled to receive 
definitive Securities.  The Relevant Clearing System will maintain records of the beneficial 
interests in the Global Instruments.  While the Securities are represented by one or more Global 
Instruments, investors will be able to trade their beneficial interests only through the Relevant 
Clearing System. 
While the Securities are represented by one or more Global Instruments, the Issuer will discharge 
its payment obligations under the Securities by making payments through the Relevant Clearing 
System for distribution to their account holders.  A holder of an interest in a Global Instrument 
must rely on the procedures of the Relevant Clearing System to receive payments under the 
relevant Securities.  Neither the relevant Issuer nor the Guarantor has responsibility or liability for 
the records relating to, or payments made in respect of, beneficial interests in the Global 
Instruments. 
Holders of beneficial interests in the Global Instruments will not have a direct right to vote in 
respect of the relevant Securities.  Instead, such holders will be permitted to act only to the extent 
that they are enabled by the Relevant Clearing System to appoint appropriate proxies. 
1.6 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, 
or review or regulation by certain authorities.  Each potential investor should consult its legal 
advisers to determine whether and to what extent (i) Securities are appropriate legal investments 
for it, (ii) Securities can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing and (iii) other 
restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Securities.  Financial institutions should consult 
their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of 
Securities under any applicable risk based capital or similar rules. 
1.7 
Securities denominated or payable in a currency other than investor's home currency 
Investors should consult their financial and legal advisors as to any specific risks entailed by an 
investment in Securities that are denominated or payable in, or the payment of which is linked to 
the value of, a currency other than the currency of the country in which such investor resides or in 
which such investor conducts its business, which is referred to as their home currency.  Such 
Securities are not appropriate investments for investors who are not sophisticated in foreign 
currency transactions. 
1.8 
Subscription periods 
The Issuer has the right to close the offering of the Securities prior to the end of the subscription 
period in its reasonable discretion. Prospective investors should be aware that if the Issuer 
exercises such right, prospective investors will no longer have the right to purchase any Securities. 
1.9 
Cancellation of the offer 
The Issuer has the right to withdraw the offering of the Securities and cancel the issuance of the 
Securities prior to the end of the subscription period for any reason. Reasons for the cancellation 
of the offer include, in particular and without limitation: (i) adverse market conditions, as 
determined by the Issuer in its reasonable discretion (such as, for example, increased equity market 
volatility and increased currency exchange rate volatility); or (ii) that the number of applications 
received at that time is insufficient, in the Issuer's opinion, to make an economically viable 
issuance.

--- Page 74 ---
Disclaimers 
 
 
74 
 
1.10 
Provision of notices 
Pursuant to the Conditions, the Issuer, the Determination Agent or the Calculation Agent, as 
applicable, in certain circumstances have obligations to provide Securityholders with notice of the 
occurrence of particular events with respect to the Securities including, without limitation, (i) 
notice of the occurrence of an event which the Issuer has determined shall lead to the early 
redemption of the Securities, or (ii) notice of a determination by the Determination Agent that 
certain adjustments are to be made to the terms of the Securities following the occurrence of a 
particular event in respect of which the Issuer has determined that the Securities shall continue. 
Securityholders should be aware that, notwithstanding any such obligation to provide notice, in 
accordance with Condition 28 (Notices) of the "Terms and Conditions of the Securities" below, 
any failure by the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, the Determination Agent or any other party to 
provide Securityholders with any notice due to be given to Securityholders in accordance with the 
Conditions shall not of itself affect the validity of the determination, adjustment, event or any other 
occurrence to which such notice relates.  
2. 
Disclaimers linked with the Relevant Underlying 
2.1 
No affiliation with underlying companies 
The underlying issuer, sponsor, or other responsibility for a Relevant Underlying will not be an 
affiliate of Morgan Stanley, MSI plc, MSBV or MSFL, unless otherwise specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms.  Morgan Stanley or its subsidiaries may presently or from time to time engage in 
business with any underlying company, fund, sponsor or any specified entity, including entering 
into loans with, or making equity investments in, the underlying company, fund, sponsor or 
specified entity, or its affiliates or subsidiaries or providing investment advisory services to the 
underlying company, fund, sponsor or specified entity, including merger and acquisition advisory 
services.  Moreover, no Issuer has the ability to control or predict the actions of the underlying 
company, fund, sponsor, or specified entity, including any actions, or reconstitution of index 
components, of the type that would require the Determination Agent to adjust the payout to the 
investor.  No underlying company, fund or Fund Adviser, sponsor, or specified entity, for any 
issuance of Securities is involved in the offering of the Securities in any way or has any obligation 
to consider the investor's interest as an owner of the Securities in taking any corporate actions that 
might affect the value of the Securities.  None of the money an investor pays for the Securities will 
go to the underlying company, fund or Fund Adviser, sponsor or specified entity, for such 
Securities. However, the Issuer or any affiliate may purchase the Relevant Underlying(s) (or any 
securities or other assets comprising the Relevant Underlying(s)) for hedging purposes. 
2.2 
Provision of information 
None of the Issuer or any of its Affiliates makes any representation as to the issuer for any single 
security or basket of securities, any preference share, fund or Fund Service Provider, or the 
publisher of an underlying index.  Any of such persons may have acquired, or during the term of 
the Securities may acquire, non public information with respect to any such issuer, publisher or 
specified entity, their respective affiliates or any guarantors that is or may be material in the context 
of the Securities.  The issue of Securities will not create any obligation on the part of any such 
persons to disclose to the Securityholders or any other party such information (whether or not 
confidential). 
2.3 
Disclosure 
Neither the issuer of any single security or basket security, an ETF, other fund, any Fund Service 
Provider nor the publisher of an underlying index (except where Morgan Stanley or any of its 
affiliates where such Morgan Stanley entity is the sponsor of any proprietary index) has 
participated in the preparation of this document or in establishing the Conditions of the Securities 
and neither the Issuers nor any of their Affiliates will make any investigation or enquiry in 
connection with such offering with respect to any information concerning any such issuer, ETF, 
other fund, Fund Service Provider, publisher, or specified entity contained in this document or in 
the documents from which such information was extracted.  Consequently, there can be no 
assurance that all events occurring prior to the issue date (including events that would affect the 
accuracy or completeness of any publicly available information described in this document) that

--- Page 75 ---
Disclaimers 
 
 
75 
 
would affect the trading price and/or level of the Relevant Underlying will have been publicly 
disclosed.  Subsequent disclosure of any such events or the disclosure of or failure to disclose 
material future events concerning such an issuer, ETF, other fund, Fund Service Provider, 
publisher or specified entity could affect the trading price and/or level of the Relevant Underlying 
and therefore the trading price of the Securities. 
3. 
Disclaimers for Index-Linked Securities 
3.1 
Securities linked to an Index are not sold or promoted by an Index or the sponsor of such Index 
Except where an Index is a Proprietary Index (see also the risk factor entitled "Risk Factors—
Securities linked to proprietary indices"), Securities linked to an Index are not sponsored, 
endorsed, sold, or promoted by such Index or the sponsor of such Index. The sponsor of an Index 
makes no representation whatsoever, whether express or implied, either as to the results to be 
obtained from the use of such Index or the levels at which such Index stands at any particular time 
on any particular date. Neither an Index nor sponsor of such Index shall be liable (whether in 
negligence or otherwise) to any person for any error in such Index. A sponsor of an Index is under 
no obligation to advise any person of any error in such Index. A sponsor of an Index does not make 
any representation whatsoever, whether express or implied, as to the advisability of investing or 
assuming any risk in connection with the Securities linked to such Index. 
3.2 
Suitability of Index-Linked Securities 
Prospective investors in any Securities linked to a proprietary index should be familiar with 
investments in the global financial and commodity markets, financial instruments and indices 
generally. 
3.3 
The relevant Issuer, Morgan Stanley or any of Morgan Stanley's affiliates are not liable for the 
actions or omissions of the sponsor of an Index, any information concerning an Index, the 
performance of such Index or use thereof in connection with the Securities 
The relevant Issuer, Morgan Stanley or any of Morgan Stanley's affiliates are not liable to 
the Holders of Securities for any act or failure to act by a sponsor of an Index in connection 
with the calculation, adjustment, or maintenance of such Index. Although the Determination 
Agent, as applicable, will obtain information concerning an Index from publicly available sources 
it believes reliable, it will not independently verify this information. Accordingly, no 
representation, warranty, or undertaking (express or implied) is made and no responsibility is 
accepted by the relevant Issuer, Morgan Stanley or any of Morgan Stanley's affiliates, or the 
Determination Agent as to the accuracy, completeness, and timeliness of information 
concerning such Index. In addition, the relevant Issuer, Morgan Stanley or any of Morgan 
Stanley's affiliates, or the Determination Agent makes no representation whatsoever, whether 
express or implied, as to the performance of any Index which is linked to the Securities, any data 
included in, or omitted from, such Index, or the use of such Index in connection with the Index-
Linked Securities. 
4. 
Disclaimers for Securities linked to proprietary indices within the MS Dynamic Fund Allocation 
Index Family 
4.1 
Morgan Stanley research 
Morgan Stanley may issue research reports on securities or other financial instruments that are, or 
may become, constituents of the Index. These reports are independent of the obligations of the 
Index Sponsor and the Index Calculation Agents hereunder. 
4.2 
The Index Sponsor's determinations are final and conclusive  
The Index Calculation Agent is responsible for compiling and calculating the Index pursuant to 
the Rules. The Index Sponsor retains the discretion to appoint an alternative Index Calculation 
Agent. The Index Sponsor retains the final discretion as to the manner in which the Index is 
calculated and constructed. Furthermore, the Index Sponsor has the final authority on the Index 
and the interpretation and application of the Rules. The Index Calculation Agent also has certain 
discretions relating to the Index. The Index Sponsor makes no representation (implied or

--- Page 76 ---
Disclaimers 
 
 
76 
 
otherwise) as to the performance of any underlying Index Component of the Index and/or the 
Index. 
4.3 
Index Calculation Agent's determinations  
The Index Calculation Agent's calculations and determinations in relation to the Index shall be 
binding on all parties in the absence of manifest error. No party (whether the holder of any product 
linked to an Index or otherwise) will be entitled to proceed (and agreed to waive proceedings) 
against the Index Calculation Agent in connection with any such calculations or determinations or 
any failure to make any calculations or determinations in relation to an Index. For so long as the 
Index Calculation Agent constitutes and calculates an Index, calculations and determinations by 
the Calculation Agent does not accept any liability for loss or damage of any kind arising from the 
use of such information in any such calculation or determination. The Index Calculation Agent 
makes no representation (implied or otherwise) as to the performance of any underlying Index 
Component of the Index and/or the Index itself. 
5. 
Disclaimer for Futures-Contract Linked Securities 
Prior to purchasing Futures Contract-Linked Securities, prospective investors should ensure they 
are familiar with investments in global capital markets and with derivatives generally, and 
carefully consider such factors, as the value of the Futures Contract(s) will affect the return on the 
Securities. 
6. 
Disclaimer for Share-Linked Securities: No Share Issuer will have participated in the 
preparation of the applicable Issue Terms or in establishing the terms of the Share-Linked 
Securities  
No Share Issuer(s) will have participated in the preparation of the applicable Issue Terms or in 
establishing the terms of the Share-Linked Securities and none of the relevant Issuer, Morgan 
Stanley or any of Morgan Stanley's affiliates will make any investigation or enquiry in connection 
with such offering with respect to any information concerning any such Share Issuer(s) contained 
in such Issue Terms or in the documents from which such information was extracted. Neither the 
relevant Issuer, Morgan Stanley or any of Morgan Stanley's affiliates controls any Share Issuer(s) 
and are not responsible for any disclosure made by any Share Issuer(s). Consequently, there can 
be no assurance that all events occurring prior to the relevant issue date (including events that 
would affect the adequacy, accuracy or completeness of the publicly available information 
described in this paragraph or in any applicable Issue Terms) that would affect the trading price of 
the relevant Share(s) will have been publicly disclosed. Subsequent disclosure of any such events 
or the disclosure of or failure to disclose material future events concerning such Share Issuer(s) 
could affect the trading price of the Share(s) and therefore the trading price of the Securities. 
7. 
Representations and acknowledgments by Securityholders  
Each Securityholder shall be deemed to represent and acknowledge to the relevant Issuer and, if 
applicable, the Guarantor on acquiring any Security that: 
(1) 
none of the Issuer, (if applicable) the Guarantor or any Affiliate or any of their respective 
agents is acting as a fiduciary for it or provides investment, tax, accounting, legal or other 
advice in respect of the Securities and that such holder and its advisors are not relying on 
any communication (written or oral and including, without limitation, opinions of third 
party advisors) of the Issuer or any Affiliate as (a) legal, regulatory, tax, business, 
investment, financial, accounting or other advice, (b) a recommendation to invest in any 
Securities or (c) an assurance or guarantee as to the expected results of an investment in the 
Securities (it being understood that information and explanations related to the terms and 
conditions of the Securities shall not be considered to be any such advice, recommendation, 
assurance or guarantee and should be independently confirmed by the recipient and its 
advisors prior to making any such investment); 
(2) 
such Securityholder (a) has consulted with its own legal, regulatory, tax, business, 
investments, financial and accounting advisors to the extent that it has deemed necessary, 
and has made its own investment, hedging, and trading decisions based upon its own

--- Page 77 ---
Disclaimers 
 
 
77 
 
judgement and upon any advice from such advisors as it has deemed necessary and not 
upon any view expressed by the Issuer, (if applicable) the Guarantor or any Affiliate or any 
of their respective agents and (b) is acquiring Securities with an understanding of the terms, 
conditions and risks thereof and it is capable of and willing to assume those risks; and 
(3) 
the Issuer, (if applicable) the Guarantor and/or any Affiliates may have banking or other 
commercial relationships with issuers of any securities or other Relevant Underlyings to 
which the Securities relate and may engage in proprietary trading in any equity securities, 
indices or other Relevant Underlyings to which the Securities relate or options, futures, 
derivatives or other instruments relating thereto (including such trading as the Issuer, (if 
applicable) the Guarantor and/or any Affiliate deem appropriate in their reasonable 
discretion to hedge the market risk on the Securities and other transactions between the 
Issuer, (if applicable) the Guarantor and/or any Affiliates and any third parties), and that 
such trading (a) may affect the price or level thereof and consequently the amounts payable 
under the Securities and (b) may be effected at any time.

--- Page 78 ---
Conflicts of Interest 
 
 
78 
 
CONFLICTS OF INTEREST 
1. 
Potential conflicts of interest between the investor and the Determination Agent due to the 
hedging and trading activities of Morgan Stanley Group 
Potential conflicts of interest may exist between the investor and the Determination Agent, which 
may be an affiliate of the relevant Issuer and the Guarantor, if applicable. Certain determinations 
made by the Determination Agent may require it to exercise discretion and make subjective 
judgments. As Determination Agent for Securities linked to one or more Relevant Underlyings, 
MSI plc (or an affiliate) may make determinations under the Securities based on its determination 
of the performance of the Relevant Underlying(s) or of the impact of certain events in relation to 
the Relevant Underlying(s), including potential adjustments to the terms and conditions, potential 
early redemption, and the determination of the payout on the Securities. MSI plc (and other 
affiliates) may also carry out hedging activities related to any Securities linked to one or more 
Relevant Underlyings. MSI plc (and certain of Morgan Stanley's other subsidiaries) may also trade 
in the Relevant Underlying(s) (or the applicable underlying securities or other assets comprised in 
the relevant index or other Relevant Underlying) on a regular basis as part of their general broker 
dealer and other businesses.  Any of these hedging or trading activities could influence the 
Determination Agent's potentially subjective determination of whether and/or which adjustments 
should be made to the Securities, and any such hedging or trading activities could potentially affect 
the price, rate, level or other value of the Relevant Underlying(s), and, accordingly, could have a 
significant negative (or positive) impact on the investor's return on the Securities. 
2. 
Conflicts of index specific to Securities linked to proprietary indices: Where Morgan Stanley or 
an affiliate of Morgan Stanley is the sponsor or calculation agent in respect of a proprietary 
index, Morgan Stanley has the authority to make determinations that could materially affect 
such an index and create conflicts of interest 
Where Morgan Stanley or an affiliate of Morgan Stanley is the sponsor of the proprietary index 
and/or, if applicable, the calculation agent of such an index, Morgan Stanley does not generally 
exercise any discretion in relation to the operation of the index. Morgan Stanley owes no fiduciary 
duties in respect of such index. Morgan Stanley may, however, exercise discretion in certain 
limited situations including, but not limited to, those situations described in any description of the 
relevant index. Determinations made by Morgan Stanley as the sponsor and, if applicable, 
calculation agent of such a proprietary index could adversely affect the level of such index and the 
exercise by Morgan Stanley of its discretion could present it with a conflict of interest. Subject as 
provided in the Index Rules in respect of a Proprietary Index, in making those determinations, the 
sponsor and/or the calculation agent, as applicable, of such index will not be required to, and will 
not, take the interests of any investor of any product that references such index into account or 
consider the effect its determinations will have on the value of such a product. All determinations 
made by relevant sponsor and/or the index calculation agent shall be (including, without limitation, 
any Securities) conclusive for all purposes and will bind all holders of any products linked to such 
an index. The sponsor and/or the Calculation Agent shall not have any liability for such 
determinations. 
3. 
Conflicts of interest specific to Securities linked to proprietary indices within the MS Dynamic 
Fund Allocation Index Family: Where Morgan Stanley or an affiliate of Morgan Stanley 
engages in transactions involving underlying Index Components for their own account, this 
could create a conflict of interest 
Morgan Stanley and its affiliates (including the Index Calculation Agent and the Index Sponsor) 
may from time to time engage in transactions involving the underlying Index Components for their 
own account and/or for the account of their clients and may act as market-maker in such underlying 
Index Components. Such activities may not be for the benefit of the holders of financial products 
linked to the Index and may have an effect on the value of the Index and, consequently, on the 
value and performance of any financial products linked to the Index. In addition, Morgan Stanley 
and its affiliates may from time to time act in other capacities such as the issuer of investments or 
the advisor thereof. The Morgan Stanley Group also may issue financial instruments and/or enter 
into derivative contracts in respect of the underlying Index Components and the use of such 
instruments and/or derivatives may affect the value of the underlying Index Components. Morgan 
Stanley or its affiliates may enter into hedging transactions in respect of the underlying Index

--- Page 79 ---
Conflicts of Interest 
 
 
79 
 
Components which may affect the value of such components or of any instruments, contract or 
investment product linked to Index. In addition, the unwinding of such hedging transactions may 
affect the value of such components or instruments which may affect the value of the Index. 
Morgan Stanley or its affiliates may make gains and/or losses from such hedging activity. In acting 
in any of these capacities, Morgan Stanley or its affiliates are not obliged to take into account the 
interests of any person including (but not limited to) investors in products linked to the Index. 
4. 
Conflicts of interest specific to Preference Share-Linked Securities: Potential conflicts of 
interest in relation to the Preference Share Calculation Agent 
The calculation agent in respect of the Preference Shares (the "Preference Share Calculation 
Agent") is a member of Morgan Stanley Group of companies.  As a result, potential conflicts of 
interest may arise in acting in its capacity as Preference Share Calculation Agent and other 
capacities in which it acts under the Preference Share-Linked Securities.  Subject to any relevant 
regulatory obligations, the Preference Share Calculation Agent owes no duty or responsibility to 
any Securityholder to avoid any conflict or to act in the interests of any Securityholder.  Preference 
Share Issuer may also rely on members of Morgan Stanley (including the Preference Share 
Calculation Agent) or other service providers to perform its operational requirements.  In the event 
any relevant Morgan Stanley entities or other service providers fail to perform any obligations, 
this may adversely affect the value of the Preference Shares and potentially the amounts payable 
under the Preference Share-Linked Securities.  In addition to providing calculation agency services 
to Preference Share Issuer, Morgan Stanley or any of its affiliates may perform further or 
alternative roles relating to Preference Share Issuer and any series of Preference Shares including, 
but not limited to, for example, being involved in arrangements relating to any of the underlying 
reference assets (for example as a calculation agent).  Further, Morgan Stanley or any of its 
affiliates may contract with Preference Share Issuer and/or enter into transactions, including 
hedging transactions, which relate to Preference Share Issuer or the Preference Shares and as a 
result Morgan Stanley may face a conflict between its obligations as Preference Share Calculation 
Agent and its and/or its affiliates' interests in other capacities.

--- Page 80 ---
Selected Financial Information of Morgan Stanley 
 
 
80 
 
SELECTED FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF MORGAN STANLEY  
This section contains selected financial information of Morgan Stanley relating to the years ended 31 
December 2020 and 31 December 2021 and the three months ended 31 March 2021 and 31 March 2022. 
The information in respect of the years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2021 set out below is 
derived from the audited financial statements included in Morgan Stanley's Annual Report on Form 10-K 
for the year ended 31 December 2021.  
The information in respect of the three months ended 31 March 2021 and 31 March 2022 set out below is 
derived from the unaudited financial statements included in Morgan Stanley's Quarterly Reports on Form 
10-Q for the quarterly periods ended 31 March 2021 and 31 March 2022, respectively.  
Consolidated 
Balance Sheet 
(U.S.$ in millions) 
At 31 December 
2021 
At 31 December 
2020 
At 31 March 
2022 
(unaudited) 
At 31 March 
2021 
(unaudited) 
Total assets 
1,188,140 
1,115,862 
1,222,233 
1,158,772 
Total liabilities and 
equity 
1,188,140 
1,115,862 
1,222,233 
1,158,772 
 
 
 
 
 
Consolidated 
Income Statements 
(U.S.$ in millions) 
At 31 December 
2021 
At 31 December 
2020 
At 31 March 
2022 
(unaudited) 
At 31 March 
2021(unaudited) 
Net revenues 
59,755 
48,757 
14,801 
15,719 
Income before 
provision for income 
taxes 
19,668 
14,418 
4,588 
5,344 
Net income  
15,120 
11,179 
3,715 
4,168

--- Page 81 ---
Selected Financial Information of MSI PLC 
 
 
81 
 
SELECTED FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF MSI PLC  
This section contains selected financial information of MSI plc relating to the years ended 31 December 
2020 and 31 December 2021. 
The information in respect of the years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2021 set out below is 
derived from the audited financial statements included in the MSI plc Annual Report for the years ended 
31 December 2020 and 31 December 2021. 
Consolidated Statement of 
Financial Position (U.S.$ in 
millions) 
31 Dec 2020 
31 Dec 2021 
Total assets 
597,789 
567,186 
Total liabilities and equity 
597,789 
567,186 
 
 
 
 
 
Consolidated Income Statements 
(U.S.$ in millions) 
31 Dec 2020 
31 Dec 2021 
Net trading income 
4,544 
4,996 
Profit (loss) before tax 
1,575 
1,940 
Profit (loss) for the year/period  
969 
1,351

--- Page 82 ---
Selected Financial Information of MSBV 
 
 
82 
 
SELECTED FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF MSBV  
This section contains selected financial information of MSBV relating to the years ended 31 December 
2020 and 31 December 2021. 
The information in respect of the years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2021 set out below is 
derived from the audited financial statements included in the MSBV Annual Report for the years ended 31 
December 2020 and 31 December 2021. 
Statement of financial position 
(in EUR ‘000) 
31 Dec 2020 
31 Dec 2021 
Total assets 
8,428,162 
9,793,864 
Total liabilities and equity 
8,428,162 
9,793,864 
 
 
 
Statement of comprehensive 
income (in EUR ‘000) 
31 Dec 2020 
31 Dec 2021 
Net trading (expense) 
(57,448) 
(79,521) 
Net income on other financial 
instruments held at fair value 
57,448 
79,521 
Profit before income tax 
4,031 
2,825 
Profit and total comprehensive 
income for the year 
3,023 
2,129

--- Page 83 ---
Selected Financial Information of MSFL 
 
 
83 
 
SELECTED FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF MSFL  
This section contains selected financial information of MSFL relating to the years ended 31 December 2020 
and 31 December 2021.  
The information in respect of the years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2021 set out below is 
derived from the financial statements in the MSFL Annual Report for the years ended 31 December 2020 
and 31 December 2021. 
 
 
Statement of Financial Position 
(U.S.$ in millions) 
31 Dec 2020 
31 Dec 2021 
Net Income (loss) 
- 
- 
Total Assets 
25,566 
29,817 
Total Liabilities 
26,252 
30,226

--- Page 84 ---
Consent to the use of the Base Prospectus in Connection with Non-exempt Offers 
 
 
84 
 
CONSENT TO THE USE OF THE BASE PROSPECTUS IN CONNECTION WITH NON-
EXEMPT OFFERS 
In the context of any offer of Securities that is not made within an exemption from the requirement to 
publish a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation (a "Non-exempt Offer"), in relation to any person 
(an "Investor") to whom an offer of any Securities is made by any financial intermediary to whom the 
Responsible Persons (as defined below) have given their consent to use this Base Prospectus (an 
"Authorised Offeror"), where the offer is made during the period for which that consent is given and 
where the offer is made in the Member State for which that consent was given and is in compliance with 
all other conditions attached to the giving of the consent, all as mentioned in this Base Prospectus, each of 
Morgan Stanley, MSI plc, MSBV and MSFL (together the "Responsible Persons") accepts responsibility 
in each such Member State for the information relating to itself in this Base Prospectus.  However, neither 
any Responsible Person nor any Distribution Agent has any responsibility for any of the actions of any 
Authorised Offeror, including compliance by an Authorised Offeror with applicable conduct of business 
rules or other local regulatory requirements or other securities law requirements in relation to such offer. 
Each Issuer and, if applicable, the Guarantor consents to the use of this Base Prospectus in connection with 
a Non-exempt Offer of Securities to be issued by such Issuer during the Offer Period specified in the 
relevant Final Terms (the "Offer Period") either: 
(1) 
by any Authorised Offeror which is authorised to make such offers under the Markets in Financial 
Instruments Directive (Directive 2014/65/EU) of the European Parliament and of the Council on 
markets in financial instruments, as amended ("MiFID II") and which satisfies the conditions (if 
any) specified in the relevant Final Terms in one or more of the following Member State(s), as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms: (i) Austria; (ii) Belgium, (iii) Denmark, (iv) Finland, (v) 
France, (vi) Ireland, (vii) Italy, (viii) Luxembourg, (ix) Portugal, (x) Spain, (xi) Sweden, (xii) The 
Netherlands; or 
(2) 
by any Authorised Offeror specified in the relevant Final Terms, subject to the relevant conditions 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, for so long as they are authorised to make such offers under 
MiFID II and in one or more of the following Member State(s), as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms: (i) Austria; (ii) Belgium, (iii) Denmark, (iv) Finland, (v) France, (vi) Ireland, (vii) Italy, 
(viii) Luxembourg, (ix) Portugal, (x) Spain, (xi) Sweden, (xii) The Netherlands. 
The relevant Issuer and, if applicable, the Guarantor, may give consent to additional financial intermediaries 
after the date of the relevant Final Terms and, if they do so, such Issuer and, if applicable, the Guarantor, 
will publish the above information in relation to them on http://sp.morganstanley.com/EU/Documents. 
Subject to the conditions specified in the relevant Final Terms, the consent referred to above relates to Offer 
Periods occurring within 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus. 
Any Authorised Offeror who wishes to use this Base Prospectus in connection with a Non-exempt 
Offer as set out in (1) above is required, for the duration of the relevant Offer Period, to publish on 
its website that it is using this Base Prospectus for such Non-exempt Offer in accordance with the 
consent of the relevant Issuer and the conditions attached thereto. 
To the extent specified in the relevant Final Terms, a Non-exempt Offer may be made during the relevant 
Offer Period by any of the Issuers, the Guarantor, the Distribution Agent or, subject to any restrictions on 
the consent, any relevant Authorised Offeror in any relevant Member State and subject to any relevant 
conditions, in each case all as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Unless otherwise specified, none of the Issuers, the Guarantor and the Distribution Agent has authorised 
the making of any Non-exempt Offer of any Securities by any person in any circumstances and such person 
is not permitted to use this Base Prospectus in connection with its offer of any Securities.  Any such Non-
exempt Offers are not made by or on behalf of the Issuers, the Guarantor, the Distribution Agent or any 
Authorised Offeror and none of the Issuers, the Guarantor, the Distribution Agent or any Authorised Offeror 
has any responsibility or liability for the actions of any person making such offers. 
An Investor intending to acquire or acquiring any Securities from an Authorised Offeror will do so, and 
offers and sales of the Securities to an Investor by an Authorised Offeror will be made, in accordance with 
any terms and other arrangements in place between such Authorised Offeror and such Investor including 
as to price, allocation, settlement arrangements and any expenses or taxes to be charged to the Investor (the 
"Terms and Conditions of the Non-exempt Offer").  None of the Issuers and the Guarantor will be a 
party to any such arrangements with Investors (other than the Distribution Agent) in connection with the

--- Page 85 ---
Consent to the use of the Base Prospectus in Connection with Non-exempt Offers 
 
 
85 
 
offer or sale of the Securities and, accordingly, this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms will not contain 
such information. 
In the event of a Non-exempt Offer being made by an Authorised Offeror, the Terms and Conditions 
of the Non-exempt Offer shall be provided to Investors by that Authorised Offeror at the time the 
offer is made.  None of the Issuers, the Guarantor, the Distribution Agent or other Authorised 
Offerors has any responsibility or liability for such information. 
In the case of any Tranche of Securities which is being (a) offered to the public in a Member State (other 
than pursuant to one or more of the exemptions set out in Article 1.4 of the Prospectus Regulation) and/or 
(b) admitted to trading on a regulated market in a Member State, the relevant Final Terms shall not amend 
or replace any information in this Base Prospectus.  Subject to this, to the extent permitted by applicable 
law and/or regulation, the Final Terms in respect of any Tranche of Securities may complete any 
information in this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 86 ---
Where the Investor can find more Information about Morgan Stanley 
 
 
86 
 
WHERE THE INVESTOR CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION ABOUT MORGAN STANLEY 
Morgan Stanley files annual, quarterly and current reports, proxy statements and other information with the 
United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC").  Investors may read and copy any 
document that Morgan Stanley files with the SEC at the SEC's public reference room at 100 F Street, N.E., 
Washington, D.C. 20549.  Please call the SEC at +1–800–SEC–0330 for information on the public 
reference room.  The SEC maintains an internet site that contains annual, quarterly and current reports, 
proxy and information statements and other information that issuers (including Morgan Stanley) file 
electronically with the SEC.  Morgan Stanley's electronic SEC filings are available to the public at the 
SEC's internet site www.sec.gov.  The information contained on this website, and any information available 
at the SEC's public reference room, shall not form part of this Base Prospectus, unless such information has 
been expressly incorporated herein by way of a supplement to this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 87 ---
Incorporation by Reference 
 
 
87 
 
INCORPORATION BY REFERENCE 
The following documents and/or information shall be deemed to be incorporated by reference in, and to 
form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
 
Document filed 
Information incorporated by reference 
Page 
 
Registration Document of Morgan 
Stanley, Morgan Stanley & Co. 
International plc, Morgan Stanley B.V. 
and Morgan Stanley Finance LLC 
dated 10 December 2021 
 
https://sp.morganstanley.com/EU/Do
wnload/GeneralDocument?documentI
D=7fe5ffd3-b65d-4f26-a459-
0beda333d9a4 
(1) 
Risk Factors (excluding the Risk 
Factors headed "As a finance 
subsidiary, 
MSFL 
has 
no 
independent operations and is 
expected to have no independent 
assets") 
3-22 
(2) 
Description of Morgan Stanley 
35-61 
(3) 
Description of Morgan Stanley & 
Co. International plc 
62-66 
(4) 
Description of Morgan Stanley 
B.V. 
67-70 
(5) 
Description of Morgan Stanley 
Finance LLC 
71-73 
(6) 
Subsidiaries of Morgan Stanley 
as of 31 December 2020 
74 
(7) 
Index of Defined Terms 
75 
 
First Supplement dated 8 February 
2022 to the Registration Document of 
Morgan Stanley, Morgan Stanley & 
Co. International plc, Morgan Stanley 
B.V. and Morgan Stanley Finance LLC 
dated 10 December 2021 
https://sp.morganstanley.com/EU/Do
wnload/GeneralDocument?documentI
D=f5c8f8d3-70fc-45d2-8844-
c6da84727e4e  
(1) 
Part B – Amendments to the 
"Description of Morgan Stanley" 
Section 
6-12 
(2) 
Part C – Amendments to the 
"Description of Morgan Stanley 
B.V." Section 
 
13 
 
 
 
Second Supplement dated 3 March 
2022 to the Registration Document of 
Morgan Stanley, Morgan Stanley & 
Co. International plc, Morgan Stanley 
B.V. and Morgan Stanley Finance LLC 
dated 10 December 2021 
https://sp.morganstanley.com/EU/Do
wnload/GeneralDocument?documentI
D=7e6b2c6f-520a-41a5-8bf2-
a38ac039180c 
(1) 
Part B – Amendments to the 
"Risk Factors" Section 
7 
(2) 
Part C – Amendments to the 
"Description of Morgan Stanley" 
Section 
8-18 
(3) 
Part D – Amendments to the 
"Description of Morgan Stanley 
& Co. International plc" Section 
18 
 
Third Supplement dated 21 March 
2022 to the Registration Document of 
Morgan Stanley, Morgan Stanley & 
Co. International plc, Morgan Stanley 
(1) 
Part A – Amendments to the 
"Risk Factors" Section 
 
5-19

--- Page 88 ---
Incorporation by Reference 
 
 
88 
 
B.V. and Morgan Stanley Finance LLC 
dated 10 December 2021 
https://sp.morganstanley.com/EU/Do
wnload/GeneralDocument?documentI
D=61caad2b-1db6-4439-a9f1-
11c6f6d8dc42 
 
(2) 
Part B – Amendments to the 
"Description of Morgan Stanley" 
Section 
20 
 
Fifth Supplement dated 20 May 2022 
to the Registration Document of 
Morgan Stanley, Morgan Stanley & 
Co. International plc, Morgan Stanley 
B.V. and Morgan Stanley Finance LLC 
dated 10 December 2021 
https://sp.morganstanley.com/EU/Do
wnload/GeneralDocument?documentI
D=cba98b1e-4f17-411c-965e-
c1fabffdac36 
(1) 
Part  C – Amendments to the 
"Description of Morgan Stanley" 
Section 
9 
(2) 
Part D – Amendments to the 
"Description of Morgan Stanley 
& Co. International plc" Section 
10 
(3) 
Part E – Amendments to the 
"Description of Morgan Stanley 
B.V." Section 
11 
(4) 
Part F – "Description of Morgan 
Stanley Finance LLC" Section 
12 
 
 
 
 
 
Morgan Stanley June 2022 Form 8-K1 
https://sp.morganstanley.com/EU/Do
wnload/GeneralDocument?documentI
D=fdc4505b-1f30-4f5e-9b18-
d0adba92025b 
(1)         Item 2.02: Results of Operations 
and Financial Condition 
3 
 
 
(2)         Item 9.01: Financial Statements 
and Exhibits 
3 
 
 
(3)         Exhibit 99.1: Press release of the 
Company, dated April 14, 2022, 
containing financial information 
for the quarter ended March 31, 
2022 
5-13 
 
 
(4)         Exhibit 99.2: Financial Data 
Supplement of the Company for 
the quarter ended March 31, 2021 
14-35 
 
 
(5)        Consolidated Financial Summary 
(unaudited, dollars in millions) 
15 
 
 
(6)        Consolidated Financial Metrics, 
Ratios and Statistical Data 
(unaudited) 
16 
 
 
(7)         Consolidated and U.S. Bank 
Supplemental Financial 
Information (unaudited, dollars in 
millions) 
18 
 
1 
The page numbers specified in relation to this document are in reference to the PDF format document.

--- Page 89 ---
Incorporation by Reference 
 
 
89 
 
 
 
(8)         Consolidated Average Common 
Equity and Regulatory Capital 
Information (unaudited, dollars in 
billions) 
19 
 
 
(9)         Institutional Securities Income 
Statement Information, Financial 
Metrics and Ratios (unaudited, 
dollars in millions) 
20 
 
 
(10)       Wealth Management Income 
Statement Information, Financial 
Metrics and Ratios (unaudited, 
dollars in millions) 
21 
 
 
(11)       Wealth Management Financial 
Information and Statistical Data 
(unaudited, dollars in billions) 
22 
 
 
(12)       Investment Management Income 
Statement Information, Financial 
Metrics and Ratios (unaudited, 
dollars in millions) 
23 
 
 
(13)       Investment Management 
Financial Information and 
Statistical Data (unaudited, 
dollars in billions) 
24 
 
 
(14)       Consolidated Loans and Lending 
Commitments (unaudited, dollars 
in billions) 
25 
 
 
(15)       Consolidated Loans and Lending 
Commitments Allowance for 
Credit Losses (ACL) as of March 
31, 2022 (unaudited, dollars in 
millions) 
26 
 
 
(16)       Definition of U.S. GAAP to Non-
GAAP Measures 
27 
 
 
(17)       Definitions of Performance 
Metrics and Terms 
28-31 
 
 
(18)       Supplemental Quantitative 
Details and Calculations 
32-35 
 
 
(19)       Legal Notice 
         36 
 
Morgan Stanley March 2022 Form 10-
Q 
 
https://www.morganstanley.com/conte
nt/dam/msdotcom/en/about-us-
ir/shareholder/10q0322.pdf 
 
 
 
(1) 
Management's Discussion and 
Analysis of Financial Condition 
and Results of Operations 
1-22 
 
(2) 
Quantitative and Qualitative 
Disclosures about Risk 
23-30

--- Page 90 ---
Incorporation by Reference 
 
 
90 
 
 
(3) 
Report of Independent Registered 
Public Accounting Firm 
31 
 
(4) 
Consolidated Financial 
Statements and Notes 
32-63 
 
 
(5) 
Financial Data Supplement 
(Unaudited) 
64 
 
 
(6) 
Glossary of Common Terms and 
Acronyms 
65 
 
 
(7) 
Other Information 
66 
 
 
(8) 
Legal Proceedings 
66 
 
 
(9) 
Unregistered Sales of Equity 
Securities and Use of Proceeds 
66 
 
 
(10) 
Controls and Procedures 
66 
 
 
(11) 
Signatures 
67 
 
Morgan Stanley 2022 Proxy Statement 
https://www.morganstanley.com/conte
nt/dam/msdotcom/en/about-us-
2022ams/2022_Proxy_Statement.pdf?
msclkid=4a7e10ecd05711ecb326956a
95a457cc 
(1) 
Overview of Voting Items 
5-11 
 
(2) 
Corporate Governance Matters 
12-46 
 
(3) 
Audit Matters 
47-51 
 
(4) 
Compensation Matters 
52-86 
 
(5) 
Ownership of Our Stock 
87-90 
 
 
(6) 
Other Company Proposal 
91-94 
 
 
(7) 
Information About the Annual 
Meeting 
95-99 
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the 
year ended 31 December 2021 
https://sp.morganstanley.com/EU/Do
wnload/GeneralDocument?documentI
D=61ed61b7-c9e7-46e3-a77d-
5c533f2502dc  
(1) 
Business 
1-8 
 
 
(2) 
Management's Discussion and 
Analysis of Financial Condition 
and Results of Operations 
21-51 
 
 
 
(3) 
Quantitative and Qualitative 
Disclosures about Risk 
52-69 
 
 
(4) 
Financial Statements and 
Supplementary Data 
70-141 
 
 
(5) 
Glossary of Common Terms and 
Acronyms 
142 
 
 
(6) 
Changes in and Disagreements 
with Accountants on Accounting 
and Financial Disclosure 
143

--- Page 91 ---
Incorporation by Reference 
 
 
91 
 
 
 
(7) 
Controls and Procedures 
143 
 
 
(8) 
Other Information 
145 
 
 
(9) 
Unresolved Staff Comments 
145 
 
 
(10) 
Properties 
145 
 
 
(11) 
Legal Proceedings 
145-148 
 
 
(12) 
Mine Safety Disclosures 
148 
 
 
(13) 
Market for Registrant's Common 
Equity, Related Stockholder 
Matters and Issuer Purchases of 
Equity Securities 
148 
 
 
(14) 
Directors, Executive Officers and 
Corporate Governance 
149 
 
 
(15) 
Executive Compensation 
149 
 
 
(16) 
Security Ownership of Certain 
Beneficial Owners and 
Management and Related 
Stockholder Matters 
149 
 
 
(17) 
Certain Relationships and 
Related Transactions and 
Director Independence 
150 
 
 
(18) 
Principal Accountant Fees and 
Services 
150 
 
 
(19) 
Exhibits and Financial Statement 
Schedules (excluding the 
sections headed "Exhibit Index" 
and "Exhibit") 
150-153 
 
 
(20) 
Form 10-K Summary 
153 
 
 
(21) 
Signatures 
153 
 
Morgan Stanley 14 April 2022 Form 8-
K2 
https://sp.morganstanley.com/EU/Do
wnload/GeneralDocument?documentI
D=1c4a76fb-e427-4b04-b00f-
3f9daa753e82 
 
(1) 
Item 2.02: Results of Operations 
and Financial Condition 
3 
 
(2) 
Item 9.01: Financial Statements 
and Exhibits 
3 
 
(3) 
Exhibit 99.1: Press release of the 
Company, dated April 14, 2022, 
containing financial information 
for the quarter ended March 31, 
2022 
5-13 
 
 
(4) 
Exhibit 99.2: Financial Data 
Supplement of the Company for 
10-35 
 
2 
The page numbers specified in relation to this document are in reference to the PDF format document.

--- Page 92 ---
Incorporation by Reference 
 
 
92 
 
the quarter ended March 31, 
2021 
 
 
(5) 
Consolidated Financial Summary 
(unaudited, dollars in millions) 
15 
 
 
(6) 
Consolidated Financial Metrics, 
Ratios and Statistical Data 
(unaudited) 
16 
 
 
(7) 
Consolidated and U.S. Bank 
Supplemental Financial 
Information (unaudited, dollars 
in millions) 
17 
 
 
(8) 
Consolidated Average Common 
Equity and Regulatory Capital 
Information (unaudited, dollars 
in billions) 
18 
 
 
(9) 
Institutional Securities Income 
Statement Information, Financial 
Metrics and Ratios (unaudited, 
dollars in millions) 
19 
 
 
(10) 
Wealth Management Income 
Statement Information, Financial 
Metrics and Ratios (unaudited, 
dollars in millions) 
20 
 
 
(11) 
Wealth Management Financial 
Information and Statistical Data 
(unaudited, dollars in billions) 
21 
 
 
(12) 
Investment Management Income 
Statement Information, Financial 
Metrics and Ratios (unaudited, 
dollars in millions) 
22 
 
 
(13) 
Investment Management 
Financial Information and 
Statistical Data (unaudited, 
dollars in billions) 
23 
 
 
(14) 
Consolidated Loans and Lending 
Commitments (unaudited, dollars 
in billions) 
24 
 
 
(15) 
Consolidated Loans and Lending 
Commitments Allowance for 
Credit Losses (ACL) as of March 
31, 2022 (unaudited, dollars in 
millions) 
25 
 
 
(16) 
Definition of U.S. GAAP to 
Non-GAAP Measures 
26 
 
 
(17) 
Definitions of Performance 
Metrics and Terms 
27-30

--- Page 93 ---
Incorporation by Reference 
 
 
93 
 
 
 
(18) 
Supplemental Quantitative 
Details and Calculations 
31-34 
 
 
(19) 
Legal Notice 
35 
 
Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc 
 
Report and Financial Statements for 
the year ended 31 December 2021 
https://sp.morganstanley.com/EU/Do
wnload/GeneralDocument?documentI
D=deb4bb5b-28f7-4e8d-bad4-
c506299f78e9 
(1) 
Independent auditors' report 
41-48 
(2) 
Consolidated income statement 
49 
(3) 
Consolidated statement of 
comprehensive income 
50 
(4) 
Consolidated and MSI plc 
statement of changes in equity 
51-52 
(5) 
Consolidated and MSI plc 
statement of financial position 
53-54 
(6) 
Consolidated statement of cash 
flows 
55 
(7) 
Notes to the consolidated 
financial statements 
56-148 
(8) 
Appendix to the financial 
statements: List of subsidiaries  
149-150 
Report and Financial Statements for 
the year ended 31 December 2020 
https://sp.morganstanley.com/EU/Do
wnload/GeneralDocument?documentI
D=63029194-34c7-4960-a2b3-
48b10eff8241 
(1) 
Independent auditor's report 
46-53 
(2) 
Consolidated income statement 
54 
(3) 
Consolidated statement of 
comprehensive income 
55 
(4) 
Consolidated and MSI plc 
statement of changes in equity 
56-57 
(5) 
Consolidated and MSI plc 
statement of financial position 
58-59 
(6) 
Consolidated statement of cash 
flows 
60 
 
(7) 
Notes to the consolidated 
financial statements 
61-145 
 
(8) 
Appendix to the financial 
statements: List of subsidiaries  
146-147 
 
Morgan Stanley B.V. 
 
 
Report and Financial Statements for 
the year ended 31 December 2021 
https://sp.morganstanley.com/EU/Do
wnload/GeneralDocument?documentI
(1) 
Directors' responsibilities 
statement 
11 
(2) 
Statement of comprehensive 
income 
12

--- Page 94 ---
Incorporation by Reference 
 
 
94 
 
D=c69a203a-ea4e-4936-8fbc-
3ba16badc461 
(3) 
Statement of changes in equity 
13 
(4) 
Statement of financial position 
14 
(5) 
Statement of cash flows 
15 
(6) 
Notes to the financial statements 
16-68 
(7) 
Additional information 
69 
(8) 
Independent auditors' report 
70-78 
Report and Financial Statements for 
the year ended 31 December 2020 
https://sp.morganstanley.com/EU/Do
wnload/GeneralDocument?documentI
D=d810fca8-9355-4eda-a007-
64fc89b0a1be 
(1) 
Directors' responsibilities 
statement 
12 
(2) 
Statement of comprehensive 
income 
13 
(3) 
Statement of changes in equity 
14 
(4) 
Statement of financial position 
15 
(5) 
Statement of cash flows 
16 
(6) 
Notes to the financial statements 
17-68 
 
(7) 
Additional information 
69 
 
(8) 
Independent auditors' report 
70-77 
 
Morgan Stanley Finance LLC 
 
 
Report and Financial Statements for 
the year ended 31 December 20213 
https://sp.morganstanley.com/EU/Do
wnload/GeneralDocument?documentI
D=1d6e0bc9-1aa7-4d35-a7a1-
882d92a96edc 
(1) 
Directors' responsibilities 
statement 
8 
(2) 
Independent Auditors' Report 
9-10 
(3) 
Statements of financial condition 
11 
(4) 
Statements of comprehensive 
income (loss) 
12 
(5) 
Statements of cash flows 
13 
(6) 
Statements of changes in 
member's equity (deficit) 
14 
(7) 
Notes to the financial statements 
15-28 
(8) 
Glossary of common terms and 
acronyms 
29 
Report and Financial Statements for 
the year ended 31 December 20204 
(1) 
Directors' responsibilities 
statement 
10 
 
3 
The page numbers specified in relation to this document are in reference to the PDF format document.  
4 
The page numbers specified in relation to this document are in reference to the PDF format document.

--- Page 95 ---
Incorporation by Reference 
 
 
95 
 
https://sp.morganstanley.com/EU/Do
wnload/GeneralDocument?documentI
D=0a1ed10c-5bf2-4ba2-b6ad-
eaf70195bb61 
 
(2) 
Independent Auditors' Report 
12 
(3) 
Statements of financial condition 
13 
(4) 
Statements of comprehensive 
income (loss) 
14 
(5) 
Statements of cash flows 
15 
(6) 
Statements of changes in 
member's equity (deficit) 
16 
(7) 
Notes to the financial statements 
17-31 
 
(8) 
Glossary of common terms and 
acronyms 
32 
The terms and conditions set out on pages 77 to 227 of the base prospectus for notes, Series A and 
B, warrants and certificates dated 17 July 2013 relating to the Program under the heading "Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes" (the "17 July 2013 English Law Note Conditions"). The base 
prospectus dated 17 July 2013 is available at: 
https://sp.morganstanley.com/EU/Download/GeneralDocument?documentID=95e0176b-5ffc-42b4-
b4ff-202021ebb5b9.  
Supplement dated 30 August 2013 to 
the 17 July 2013 Base Prospectus (the 
"30 August 2013 Supplement") 
https://sp.morganstanley.com/EU/Do
wnload/GeneralDocument?documentI
D=64860149-5aac-4df3-a5e8-
c1b5ba5ce787 
(1) 
Part A-Modification of the 
Additional Terms and Conditions 
(the 17 July 2013 English Law 
Note Conditions, as amended by 
the 30 August 2013 Supplement, 
the "30 August 2013 English 
Law Note Conditions")  
1 - 4 
 
(2) 
Part C- Modification of the Pro-
Forma Issue Terms for Certain 
Linked Notes  
8 - 36 
 
(3) 
Annex- Amended and Restated 
Paragraph 21 of Part A of the 
Pro-Forma Issue Terms for 
Certain Linked Notes 
37 - 55 
The Pro Forma Final Terms For Notes Other Than Linked Notes, the Pro Forma Final Terms For 
Autocallable Notes, the Pro Forma Final Terms For Reverse Convertible Notes, the Pro Forma 
Final Terms For Certain Linked Notes, the Pro Forma Final Terms For Preference Share-Linked 
Notes, collectively set out on pages 228 to 466 of the base prospectus for notes, Series A and B, 
warrants and certificates dated 17 July 2013 relating to the Program (the "17 July 2013 Base 
Prospectus") (each of these a "July 2013 Form of Final Terms"). The base prospectus dated 17 
July 2013 is available at: 
https://sp.morganstanley.com/EU/Download/GeneralDocument?documentID=95e0176b-5ffc-42b4-
b4ff-202021ebb5b9.*  
July 2013 Form of Final Terms for Certain Linked Notes, as supplemented by the terms set out on 
pages 8-55 of the 30 August 2013 Supplement under the headings "Part C- Modification of the 
Pro-Forma Issue Terms for Certain Linked Notes" and "Annex- Amended and Restated Paragraph 
21 of Part A of the Pro-Forma Issue Terms for Certain Linked Notes" (each of these an "August 
2013 Form of Final Terms"). The 30 August 2013 Supplement is available at: 
https://sp.morganstanley.com/EU/Download/GeneralDocument?documentID=64860149-5aac-
4df3-a5e8-c1b5ba5ce787. **

--- Page 96 ---
Incorporation by Reference 
 
 
96 
 
The terms and conditions set out on pages 94 to 264 of the base prospectus for notes, Series A and 
B, warrants and certificates dated 16 December 2013 relating to the Program under the heading 
"Terms and Conditions of the Notes" (the "16 December 2013 English Law Note Conditions"). 
The base prospectus dated 16 December 2013 is available at: 
https://sp.morganstanley.com/EU/Download/GeneralDocument?documentID=5f1384f7-fed5-445d-
9bd0-31e0236c50d8. 
The Pro Forma Final Terms For Notes Other Than Linked Notes, the Pro Forma Final Terms For 
Autocallable Notes, the Pro Forma Final Terms For Reverse Convertible Notes, the Pro Forma 
Final Terms For Certain Linked Notes, the Pro Forma Final Terms For Preference Share-Linked 
Notes, collectively set out on pages 265 to 565 of the base prospectus for notes, Series A and B, 
warrants and certificates dated 16 December 2013 relating to the Program (the "16 December 2013 
Base Prospectus") (each of these a "December 2013 Form of Final Terms", and together with the 
July 2013 Forms of Final Terms, the "2013 Forms of Final Terms", each a "2013 Form of Final 
Terms"). The base prospectus dated 16 December 2013 is available at: 
https://sp.morganstanley.com/EU/Download/GeneralDocument?documentID=5f1384f7-fed5-445d-
9bd0-31e0236c50d8.*** 
The terms and conditions set out on pages 105 to 203 of the base prospectus for notes, Series A and 
B, warrants and certificates dated 16 December 2014 (the "16 December 2014 Base Prospectus") 
relating to the Program under the heading "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" (the "16 December 
2014 English Law Note Conditions"). The base prospectus dated 16 December 2014 is available 
at: https://sp.morganstanley.com/EU/Download/GeneralDocument?documentID=2f7bb1ec-fa13-
4e62-85ba-0eb2d9bb7733. 
The Pro Forma Final Terms For Notes Other Than Linked Notes, the Pro Forma Final Terms For 
Autocallable Notes, the Pro Forma Final Terms For Reverse Convertible Notes, the Pro Forma 
Final Terms For Certain Linked Notes, the Pro Forma Final Terms For Preference Share-Linked 
Notes, collectively set out on pages 296 to 676 of the 16 December 2014 Base Prospectus (each of 
these a "December 2014 Form of Final Terms"). The base prospectus dated 16 December 2014 is 
available at: 
https://sp.morganstanley.com/EU/Download/GeneralDocument?documentID=2f7bb1ec-fa13-4e62-
85ba-0eb2d9bb7733.**** 
Supplement dated 12 May 2015 to the 
16 December 2014 Base Prospectus (the 
"12 May 2015 Supplement") 
https://sp.morganstanley.com/EU/Dow
nload/GeneralDocument?documentID=
fb99deb5-460c-492b-b820-
d6b67144631d  
(1) 
Part C- Amendments to the Pro 
Forma Final Terms for Notes Other 
Than Linked Notes 
13 - 14 
The December 2014 Form of Final Terms, as supplemented by the terms set out on pages 13 to 14 
of the 12 May 2015 Supplement under the heading "Part C – Amendments to the Pro Forma Final 
Terms for Notes Other Than Linked Notes" (each of these a "May 2015 Form of Final Terms"). 
The 12 May 2015 Supplement  is available at: 
https://sp.morganstanley.com/EU/Download/GeneralDocument?documentID=fb99deb5-460c-
492b-b820-d6b67144631d **** 
The terms and conditions set out on pages 129 to 323 of the base prospectus for notes, Series A and 
B, warrants and certificates dated 15 December 2015 (the "15 December 2015 Base Prospectus") 
relating to the Program under the heading "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" (the "15 December 
2015 English Law Note Conditions"). The base prospectus dated 15 December 2015 is available 
at: https://sp.morganstanley.com/EU/Download/GeneralDocument?documentID=e57bb9df-40a1-
4b0d-8f3f-1a9690f502b5. 
The Pro Forma Final Terms For Notes Other Than Linked Notes, the Pro Forma Final Terms For 
Autocallable Notes, the Pro Forma Final Terms For Reverse Convertible Notes, the Pro Forma 
Final Terms For Certain Linked Notes, the Pro Forma Final Terms For Preference Share-Linked

--- Page 97 ---
Incorporation by Reference 
 
 
97 
 
Notes, collectively set out on pages 324 to 694 of the 15 December 2015 Base Prospectus (each of 
these a "December 2015 Form of Final Terms"). The base prospectus dated 15 December 2015 is 
available at: 
https://sp.morganstanley.com/EU/Download/GeneralDocument?documentID=e57bb9df-40a1-
4b0d-8f3f-1a9690f502b5.***** 
The terms and conditions set out on pages 131 to 331 of the base prospectus for notes, Series A and 
B, warrants and certificates dated 21 October 2016 (the "21 October 2016 Base Prospectus") 
relating to the Program under the heading "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" (the "21 October 
2016 English Law Note Conditions"). The base prospectus dated 21 October 2016 is available at: 
https://sp.morganstanley.com/EU/Download/GeneralDocument?documentID=235d116e-c932-
4a96-9fe2-29be97081dd3. 
The Pro Forma Final Terms For Notes Other Than Linked Notes, the Pro Forma Final Terms For 
Autocallable Notes, the Pro Forma Final Terms For Reverse Convertible Notes, the Pro Forma 
Final Terms For Certain Linked Notes, the Pro Forma Final Terms For Preference Share-Linked 
Notes, collectively set out on pages 332 to 729 of the 21 October 2016 Base Prospectus (each of 
these an "October 2016 Form of Final Terms"). The base prospectus dated 21 October 2016 is 
available at: 
https://sp.morganstanley.com/EU/Download/GeneralDocument?documentID=235d116e-c932-
4a96-9fe2-29be97081dd3.****** 
Supplement dated 20 December 2016 to 
the 21 October 2016 Base Prospectus 
(the "20 December 2016 Supplement") 
https://sp.morganstanley.com/EU/Dow
nload/GeneralDocument?documentID=
2c52be65-2a7c-444f-a88c-
477e57756116  
(1) 
Amendments to the Base 
Prospectus - paragraphs 2 to 5 
3 - 5 
The October 2016 Form of Final Terms, as supplemented by the terms set out on pages 3 to 5 of the 
20 December 2016 Supplement in paragraphs 2 to 5 under the heading "Amendments to the Base 
Prospectus" (each of these a "December 2016 Form of Final Terms"). The 20 December 2016 
Supplement  is available at: 
https://sp.morganstanley.com/EU/Download/GeneralDocument?documentID=2c52be65-2a7c-
444f-a88c-477e57756116 ****** 
 
The terms and conditions set out on pages 135 to 339 of the base prospectus for notes, Series A and 
B, warrants and certificates dated 10 October 2017 (the "10 October 2017 Base Prospectus") 
relating to the Program under the heading "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" (the "10 October 
2017 English Law Note Conditions"). The base prospectus dated 10 October 2017 is available at: 
https://sp.morganstanley.com/EU/Download/GeneralDocument?documentID=f36ea447-4376-
4537-a440-d96d3d09131c.  
The Pro Forma Final Terms For Notes Other Than Linked Notes, the Pro Forma Final Terms For 
Autocallable Notes, the Pro Forma Final Terms For Reverse Convertible Notes, the Pro Forma 
Final Terms For Certain Linked Notes, the Pro Forma Final Terms For Preference Share-Linked 
Notes, collectively set out on pages 340 to 760 of the 10 October 2017 Base Prospectus (each of 
these an "October 2017 Form of Final Terms"). The base prospectus dated 10 October 2017 is 
available at: 
https://sp.morganstanley.com/EU/Download/GeneralDocument?documentID=f36ea447-4376-
4537-a440-d96d3d09131c. ******* 
Supplement dated 29 March 2018 to 
the 10 October 2017 Base Prospectus 
(the "29 March 2018 Supplement") 
https://sp.morganstanley.com/EU/Dow
nload/GeneralDocument?documentID=
(1) 
Part F- Amendments to Various Pro 
Forma Final Terms Sections 
12 - 13

--- Page 98 ---
Incorporation by Reference 
 
 
98 
 
ca4731b9-498e-4e72-9b59-
184018d604e7 
The October 2017 Form of Final Terms, as supplemented by the terms set out on pages 12 to 13 of 
the 29 March 2018 Supplement under the heading "Amendments to Various Pro Forma Final 
Terms Sections" (each of these a "March 2018 Form of Final Terms"). The 29 March 2018 
Supplement is available at: 
https://sp.morganstanley.com/EU/Download/GeneralDocument?documentID=ca4731b9-498e-
4e72-9b59-184018d604e7. ******* 
The terms and conditions set out on pages 135 to 363 of the base prospectus for notes, Series A and 
B, warrants and certificates dated 9 October 2018 (the "9 October 2018 Base Prospectus") relating 
to the Program under the heading "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" (the "9 October 2018 
English Law Note Conditions"). The base prospectus dated 9 October 2018 is available at: 
https://sp.morganstanley.com/EU/Download/GeneralDocument?documentID=203a2c24-6522-
47ad-8d2d-3af33bc01d2a.  
The Pro Forma Final Terms For Notes Other Than Linked Notes, the Pro Forma Final Terms For 
Autocallable Notes, the Pro Forma Final Terms For Reverse Convertible Notes, the Pro Forma 
Final Terms For Certain Linked Notes, the Pro Forma Final Terms For Preference Share-Linked 
Notes, collectively set out on pages 364 to 835 of the 9 October 2018 Base Prospectus (each of 
these an "October 2018 Form of Final Terms"). The base prospectus dated 9 October 2018 is 
available at: 
https://sp.morganstanley.com/EU/Download/GeneralDocument?documentID=203a2c24-6522-
47ad-8d2d-3af33bc01d2a.******** 
Supplement dated 25 January 2019 to 
the 9 October 2018 Base Prospectus 
(the "25 January 2019 Supplement") 
https://sp.morganstanley.com/EU/Dow
nload/GeneralDocument?documentID
=6e75542f-aea2-4cfc-acda-
a604868dc38a 
(1) 
Part C-Amendments to the Terms 
and Conditions (the 9 October 
2018 English Law Note 
Conditions, as amended by the 25 
January 2019 Supplement, the "25 
January 2019 English Law Note 
Conditions") 
4-6 
(2) 
Part D-Amendments to the Pro 
Forma Final Terms 
7 
Supplement dated 21 March 2019 to 
the 9 October 2018 Base Prospectus 
(the "21 March 2019 Supplement") 
https://sp.morganstanley.com/EU/Dow
nload/GeneralDocument?documentID
=cc07d801-06e4-419d-80d9-
4af0d434183b 
 
(1) 
Part D-Amendments to the Terms 
and Conditions (the 25 January 
2019 English Law Note 
Conditions, as amended by the 21 
March 2019 Supplement, the "21 
March 2019 English Law Note 
Conditions") 
10 
The October 2018 Form of Final Terms, each as supplemented by the terms set out on page 7 of the 
25 January 2019 Supplement under the heading "Part D – Amendments to the Pro Forma Final 
Terms" (each of these a "January 2019 Form of Final Terms"). The 25 January 2019 Supplement  
is available at: 
https://sp.morganstanley.com/EU/Download/GeneralDocument?documentID=6e75542f-aea2-4cfc-
acda-a604868dc38a.  ********* 
The terms and conditions set out on pages 177 to 443 of the base prospectus for notes, Series A and 
B, warrants and certificates dated 16 July 2019 (the "16 July 2019 Base Prospectus") relating to 
the Program under the heading "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" (the "16 July 2019 English 
Law Note Conditions"). The base prospectus dated 16 July 2019 is available at: 
https://sp.morganstanley.com/EU/Download/GeneralDocument? 
documentID=8145dabc-06f9-4650-8e74-017d697a4f32.  
The Pro Forma Final Terms For Notes Other Than Linked Notes set out on pages 444-495 of the 16 
July 2019 Base Prospectus, the Pro Forma Final Terms For Autocallable Notes set out on pages

--- Page 99 ---
Incorporation by Reference 
 
 
99 
 
498-650 of the 16 July 2019 Base Prospectus, the Pro Forma Final Terms For Reverse Convertible 
Notes set out on pages 653-771 of the 16 July 2019 Base Prospectus, the Pro Forma Final Terms 
For Certain Linked Notes set out on pages 774-961 of the 16 July 2019 Base Prospectus, the Pro 
Forma Final Terms For Preference Share-Linked Notes set out on pages 964-985 of the 16 July 
2019 Base Prospectus (each of these a "July 2019 Form of Final Terms"). The base prospectus 
dated 16 July 2019 is available at: 
https://sp.morganstanley.com/EU/Download/GeneralDocument?documentID 
=8145dabc-06f9-4650-8e74-017d697a4f32.********** 
Supplement dated 17 October 2019 to 
the 16 July 2019 Base Prospectus (the 
"17 October 2019 Supplement") 
https://sp.morganstanley.com/EU/Dow
nload/GeneralDocument?documentID
=9bd4c6ba-ab9a-47fc-80d2-
099cd074189e 
(1) 
Part B-Amendments to the Terms 
and Conditions (the 16 July 2019 
English Law Note Conditions, as 
amended by the 17 October 2019 
Supplement, the "17 October 
2019 English Law Note 
Conditions") 
2 
(2) 
Part C-Amendments to the Pro 
Forma Final Terms 
3 
Supplement dated 23 March 2020 to 
the 16 July 2019 Base Prospectus (the 
"23 March 2020 Supplement") 
https://sp.morganstanley.com/EU/Dow
nload/GeneralDocument?documentID
=b07a16af-4bec-48d1-a011-
dfb6a0b47e56 
(1) 
Part B-Amendments to the Terms 
and Conditions (the 17 October 
2019 English Law Note 
Conditions, as amended by the 23 
March 2020 Supplement, the "23 
March 2020 English Law Note 
Conditions") 
2 
(2) 
Part C-Amendments to the Pro 
Forma Final Terms 
3 
Supplement dated 1 April 2020 to the 
16 July 2019 Base Prospectus (the "1 
April 2020 Supplement") 
https://sp.morganstanley.com/EU/Dow
nload/GeneralDocument?documentID
=cd50a984-5ff0-429c-a83b-
06c3dc1909d4 
(1) 
Part B-Amendments to the Terms 
and Conditions (the 23 March 
2020 English Law Note 
Conditions, as amended by the 1 
April 2020 Supplement, the "1 
April 2020 English Law Note 
Conditions") 
2 
(2) 
Part C-Amendments to the Pro 
Forma Final Terms 
3 
July 2019 Form of Final Terms, each as supplemented by the terms set out on page 3 of the 17 
October 2019 Supplement under the heading "Part C – Amendments to the Pro Forma Final 
Terms" (each of these an "October 2019 Form of Final Terms"). The 17 October 2019 
Supplement is available at: 
https://sp.morganstanley.com/EU/Download/GeneralDocument?documentID=9bd4c6ba-ab9a-47fc-
80d2-099cd074189e. *********** 
October 2019 Form of Final Terms, each as supplemented by the terms set out on page 3 of the 23 
March 2020 Supplement under the heading "Part C – Amendments to the Pro Forma Final Terms" 
(each of these a "March 2020 Form of Final Terms"). The 23 March 2020 Supplement is 
available at: 
https://sp.morganstanley.com/EU/Download/GeneralDocument?documentID=b07a16af-4bec-
48d1-a011-dfb6a0b47e56.  ************ 
March 2020 Form of Final Terms, each as supplemented by the terms set out on page 3 of the 1 
April 2020 Supplement under the heading "Part C – Amendments to the Pro Forma Final Terms" 
(each of these an "April 2020 Form of Final Terms"). The 1 April 2020 Supplement is available

--- Page 100 ---
Incorporation by Reference 
 
 
100 
 
at: https://sp.morganstanley.com/EU/Download/GeneralDocument?documentID=cd50a984-5ff0-
429c-a83b-06c3dc1909d4.  *************  
The Pro Forma Pricing Supplement for Notes Other Than Linked Notes set out on pages 496-497 
of the 16 July 2019 Base Prospectus, the Pro Forma Pricing Supplement for Autocallable Notes set 
out on pages 651-652 of the 16 July 2019 Base Prospectus, the the Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
For Reverse Convertible Notes set out on pages 772-773 of the 16 July 2019 Base Prospectus, the 
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement For Certain Linked Notes set out on pages 962-963 of the 16 July 
2019 Base Prospectus, the Pro Forma Pricing Supplement For Preference Share-Linked Notes set 
out on pages 986-987 of the 16 July 2019 Base Prospectus (each of these a "July 2019 Form of 
Pricing Supplement"). The base prospectus dated 16 July 2019 is available at: 
https://sp.morganstanley 
.com/EU/Download/GeneralDocument?documentID=8145dabc-06f9-4650-8e74-
017d697a4f32.**********  
The terms and conditions set out on pages 112 to 385 of the base prospectus for notes, Series A and 
B, warrants and certificates dated 16 July 2020 (the "16 July 2020 Base Prospectus") relating to 
the Program under the heading "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" (the "16 July 2020 English 
Law Note Conditions"). The base prospectus dated 16 July 2020 is available at: 
https://sp.morganstanley.com/EU/Download/GeneralDocument?documentID=3ab17456-9dde-
4e04-9635-04121a7a353c. 
The Pro Forma Final Terms For Notes Other Than Linked Notes set out on pages 386-436 of the 16 
July 2020 Base Prospectus, the Pro Forma Final Terms For Autocallable Notes set out on pages 
439-600 of the 16 July 2020 Base Prospectus, the Pro Forma Final Terms For Reverse Convertible 
Notes set out on pages 603-721 of the 16 July 2020 Base Prospectus, the Pro Forma Final Terms 
For Certain Linked Notes set out on pages 724-919 of the 16 July 2020 Base Prospectus, the Pro 
Forma Final Terms For Preference Share-Linked Notes set out on pages 922-952 of the 16 July 
2020 Base Prospectus (each of these an "July 2020 Form of Final Terms"). The base prospectus 
dated 16 July 2020 is available at: 
https://sp.morganstanley.com/EU/Download/GeneralDocument?documentID=3ab17456-9dde-
4e04-9635-04121a7a353c.************** 
Supplement dated 17 November 2020 
to the 16 July 2020 Base Prospectus 
(the 
"17 
November 
2020 
Supplement") 
https://sp.morganstanley.com/EU/Dow
nload/GeneralDocument?documentID
=5cc7b62e-7e6a-4969-9fd0-
3d6033b37c44  
(1) 
Part D-Amendments to the Terms 
and Conditions (the 16 July 2020 
English Law Note Conditions, as 
amended by the 17 November 
2020 Supplement, the "17 
November 2020 English Law 
Note Conditions") 
9 
(2) 
Part E-Amendments to the Pro 
Forma Final Terms 
10 
Supplement dated 15 March 2021 to 
the 16 July 2020 Base Prospectus (the 
"15 March 2021 Supplement") 
https://sp.morganstanley.com/EU/Dow
nload/GeneralDocument?documentID
=4f4eb4ac-8321-413c-9bc3-
cc5b65b23094  
(1) 
Part E-Amendments to the "Pro 
Forma Final Terms For Notes 
Other Than Linked Notes" 
Section 
10 
(2) 
Part F-Amendments to the "Pro 
Forma Pricing Supplement For 
Notes Other Than Linked Notes" 
Section 
11 
(3) 
Part G-Amendments to the "Pro 
Forma Final Terms For 
Autocallable Notes" Section 
12

--- Page 101 ---
Incorporation by Reference 
 
 
101 
 
(4) 
Part H-Amendments to the "Pro 
Forma Final Terms For Reverse 
Convertible Notes" Section 
13 
(5) 
Part I-Amendments to the "Pro 
Forma Final Terms For Certain 
Linked Notes" Section 
14 
(6) 
Part J-Amendments to the "Pro 
Forma Final Terms For Preference 
Share-Linked Notes" Section 
15 
July 2020 Form of Final Terms, each as supplemented by the terms set out on page 10 of the 17 
November 2020 Supplement under the heading "Part D – Amendments to the Pro Forma Final 
Terms" (each of these a "November 2020 Form of Final Terms"). The 17 November 2020 
Supplement is available at: 
https://sp.morganstanley.com/EU/Download/GeneralDocument?documentID=5cc7b62e-7e6a-
4969-9fd0-3d6033b37c44.  *************** 
November 2020 Form of Final Terms, each as supplemented by the terms set out on pages 10-15 of 
the 15 March 2021 Supplement under the headings "Part E-Amendments to the "Pro Forma Final 
Terms For Notes Other Than Linked Notes" Section", "Part G-Amendments to the "Pro Forma 
Final Terms For Autocallable Notes" Section", "Part H-Amendments to the "Pro Forma Final 
Terms For Reverse Convertible Notes" Section", "Part I-Amendments to the "Pro Forma Final 
Terms For Certain Linked Notes" Section" and "Part J-Amendments to the "Pro Forma Final 
Terms For Preference Share-Linked Notes" Section" (each of these a "March 2021 Form of Final 
Terms"). The 15 March 2021 Supplement is available at: 
https://sp.morganstanley.com/EU/Download/GeneralDocument?documentID=4f4eb4ac-8321-
413c-9bc3-cc5b65b23094.  *************** 
The Pro Forma Pricing Supplement for Notes Other Than Linked Notes set out on pages 437-438 
of the 16 July 2020 Base Prospectus, the Pro Forma Pricing Supplement for Autocallable Notes set 
out on pages 601-602 of the 16 July 2020 Base Prospectus, the the Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
For Reverse Convertible Notes set out on pages 722-723 of the 16 July 2020 Base Prospectus, the 
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement For Certain Linked Notes set out on pages 920-921 of the 16 July 
2020 Base Prospectus, the Pro Forma Pricing Supplement For Preference Share-Linked Notes set 
out on pages 953-954 of the 16 July 2020 Base Prospectus (each of these a "July 2020 Form of 
Pricing Supplement"). The base prospectus dated 16 July 2020 is available at: 
https://sp.morganstanley.com/EU/Download/GeneralDocument?documentID=3ab17456-9dde-
4e04-9635-04121a7a353c.**************  
July 2020 Form of Pricing Supplement for Notes Other Than Linked Notes, as supplemented by the 
terms set out on page 11 of the 15 March 2021 Supplement under the heading "Part F-Amendments 
to the "Pro Forma Pricing Supplement For Notes Other Than Linked Notes" Section" (a "March 
2021 Form of Pricing Supplement"). The 15 March 2021 Supplement is available at: 
https://sp.morganstanley.com/EU/Download/GeneralDocument?documentID=4f4eb4ac-8321-
413c-9bc3-cc5b65b23094.  *************** 
The terms and conditions set out on pages 122 to 441 of the base prospectus for notes, Series A and 
B, warrants and certificates dated 16 July 2021 (the "16 July 2021 Base Prospectus") relating to 
the Program under the heading "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" (the "16 July 2021 English 
Law Note Conditions"). The base prospectus dated 16 July 2021 is available at: 
https://sp.morganstanley.com/EU/Download/GeneralDocument?documentID=fc204ff8-5217-4eab-
9d04-aac9ac10bd86. 
The Pro Forma Final Terms For Notes Other Than Linked Notes set out on page 442-504 of the 16 
July 2021 Base Prospectus, the Pro Forma Final Terms For Autocallable Notes set out on pages 
509-727 of the 16 July 2021 Base Prospectus, the Pro Forma Final Terms For Reverse Convertible 
Notes set out on pages 731-852 of the 16 July 2021 Base Prospectus, the Pro Forma Final Terms 
For Certain Linked Notes set out on pages 856-1077 of the 16 July 2021 Base Prospectus, the Pro 
Forma Final Terms For Preference Share-Linked Notes set out on page 1081-1113 of the 16 July

--- Page 102 ---
Incorporation by Reference 
 
 
102 
 
2021 Base Prospectus (each of these a "July 2021 Form of Final Terms"). The base prospectus 
dated 16 July 2021 is available at: 
https://sp.morganstanley.com/EU/Download/GeneralDocument?documentID=fc204ff8-5217-4eab-
9d04-aac9ac10bd86.  
 
The Pro Forma Pricing Supplement for Notes Other Than Linked Notes set out on pages 505-508 of 
the 16 July 2021 Base Prospectus, the Pro Forma Pricing Supplement for Autocallable Notes set out 
on pages 728-730 of the 16 July 2021 Base Prospectus, the the Pro Forma Pricing Supplement For 
Reverse Convertible Notes set out on pages 853-855 of the 16 July 2021 Base Prospectus, the Pro 
Forma Pricing Supplement For Certain Linked Notes set out on pages 1078-1080 of the 16 July 2021 
Base Prospectus, the Pro Forma Pricing Supplement For Preference Share-Linked Notes set out on 
pages 1114-1116 of the 16 July 2021 Base Prospectus (each of these a "July 2021 Form of Pricing 
Supplement"). 
The 
base 
prospectus 
dated 
16 
July 
2021 
is 
available 
at: 
https://sp.morganstanley.com/EU/Download/GeneralDocument?documentID=fc204ff8-5217-4eab-
9d04-aac9ac10bd86.

--- Page 103 ---
Incorporation by Reference 
 
 
103 
 
 
Document incorporated by reference 
Information not incorporated by 
reference 
Page 
 
Registration Document of Morgan Stanley, 
Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc, 
Morgan Stanley B.V. and Morgan Stanley 
Finance LLC dated 10 December 2021 
Information Incorporated by Reference 
23-33 
 
First Supplement dated 8 February 2022 to 
the Registration Document of Morgan 
Stanley, 
Morgan 
Stanley 
& 
Co. 
International plc, Morgan Stanley B.V. and 
Morgan Stanley Finance LLC dated 10 
December 2021 
Part A – Incorporation by Reference 
4-5 
 
 
 
Second Supplement dated 3 March 2022 to 
the Registration Document of Morgan 
Stanley, 
Morgan 
Stanley 
& 
Co. 
International plc, Morgan Stanley B.V. and 
Morgan Stanley Finance LLC dated 10 
December 2021 
Part A – Incorporation by Reference 
5-6 
 
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year 
ended 31 December 2021 
Forward-Looking Statements 
ii 
 
 
Available Information 
iii 
 
 
Risk Factors  
9-20 
 
 
Exhibit Index 
150 
 
 
Exhibits 
150-153 
 
Morgan Stanley March 2022 Form 10-Q 
Available Information 
ii 
 
 
Risk Factors 
66 
 
 
Exhibits 
67 
 
 
Exhibit Index 
67 
 
Morgan Stanley 2022 Proxy Statement 
Letter from the Chairman and CEO 
1-2 
 
 
Notice of 2022 Annual Meeting of 
Shareholders 
4 
 
Report and Financial Statements for the year 
ended 31 December 2021 of Morgan 
Stanley & Co. International plc 
Strategic Report 
3-30 
 
Corporate Governance 
31-36 
 
Directors' Report 
37-40 
 
Report and Financial Statements for the year 
ended 31 December 2020 of Morgan 
Stanley & Co. International plc 
Strategic Report 
3-36 
Corporate Governance 
37-42

--- Page 104 ---
Incorporation by Reference 
 
 
104 
 
Directors' Report 
43-45 
 
Report and Financial Statements for the year 
ended 31 December 2021 of Morgan 
Stanley B.V. 
Directors' Report 
1-10 
 
Report and Financial Statements for the year 
ended 31 December 2020 of Morgan 
Stanley B.V. 
Directors' Report 
1-11 
 
Report and Financial Statements for the year 
ended 31 December 2021 of Morgan 
Stanley Finance LLC 
Directors' Report 
3-7 
 
Report and Financial Statements for the year 
ended 31 December 2020 of Morgan 
Stanley Finance LLC 
Directors' Report 
3-7 
* Save as provided in Paragraph 9 in the section entitled "Important Legal Information" of this Base 
Prospectus. 
** Save as provided in Paragraph 10 in the section entitled "Important Legal Information" of this Base 
Prospectus. 
*** Save as provided in Paragraph 11 in the section entitled "Important Legal Information" of this Base 
Prospectus. 
**** Save as provided in Paragraph 12 in the section entitled "Important Legal Information" of this Base 
Prospectus. 
***** Save as provided in Paragraph 13 in the section entitled "Important Legal Information" of this Base 
Prospectus. 
****** Save as provided in Paragraph 14 in the section entitled "Important Legal Information" of this Base 
Prospectus.  
******* Save as provided in Paragraph 15 in the section entitled "Important Legal Information" of this 
Base Prospectus. 
******** Save as provided in Paragraphs 16 in the section entitled "Important Legal Information" of this 
Base Prospectus. 
********* Save as provided in Paragraphs 17 in the section entitled "Important Legal Information" of this 
Base Prospectus. 
********** Save as provided in Paragraph 19(a) or 19(b), as applicable, in the section entitled "Important 
Legal Information" of this Base Prospectus. 
*********** Save as provided in Paragraph 20(a) in the section entitled "Important Legal Information" of 
this Base Prospectus.  
************ Save as provided in Paragraphs 21(a) in the section entitled "Important Legal Information" 
of this Base Prospectus. 
************* Save as provided in Paragraphs 22(a) in the section entitled "Important Legal Information" 
of this Base Prospectus. 
************** Save as provided in Paragraph 23(a) or 23(b), as applicable, in the section entitled 
"Important Legal Information" of this Base Prospectus. 
*************** Save as provided in Paragraphs 24(a) or 24(b), as applicable, in the section entitled 
"Important Legal Information" of this Base Prospectus.Any statement contained in this Base Prospectus or 
any documents incorporated by reference herein, shall be deemed to be modified or superseded for the

--- Page 105 ---
Incorporation by Reference 
 
 
105 
 
purpose of this Base Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained in any document subsequently 
incorporated by reference and in respect of which a supplement to this Base Prospectus is prepared modifies 
or supersedes such statement. 
The information about Morgan Stanley, MSI plc, MSBV and MSFL incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus (the "Incorporated Information") is considered to be part of this Base Prospectus.  Following 
the publication of this Base Prospectus a supplement may be prepared by the Issuer and approved by the 
CSSF in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.  Statements contained in any such 
supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference therein) shall, to the extent applicable 
(whether expressly, by implication or otherwise), be deemed to modify or supersede statements contained 
in this Base Prospectus or in a document which is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus.  Any 
statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this 
Base Prospectus. 
Any documents incorporated by reference into the documents listed above do not form part of this Base 
Prospectus. 
For the purposes of Article 19.1 of the Prospectus Regulation, any non-incorporated parts of a document 
referred to herein are either deemed not relevant for an investor or are otherwise covered elsewhere in this 
Base Prospectus.

--- Page 106 ---
Overview of the Potential for Discretionary Determinations by the Determination Agent and the Issuer 
 
 
106 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE POTENTIAL FOR DISCRETIONARY DETERMINATIONS BY THE 
DETERMINATION AGENT AND THE ISSUER 
Under the Conditions of the Securities, following the occurrence of certain events outside of its control, the 
Determination Agent or the Issuer (as applicable) may exercise discretion to take one or more actions 
available to it in order to deal with the impact of such events on the Securities or the Issuer's hedging 
arrangements. Any such discretionary determination by the Determination Agent or the Issuer could 
have a negative impact on the value of and return on the Securities and (amongst other things) could 
result in their early redemption. 
Below is an overview of the types of events that could give rise to a discretionary determination by the 
Determination Agent or the Issuer and the actions available to them to deal with the impact of such events.  
The specific events and available actions will vary depending on the particular issue of Securities. Investors 
should also read the Conditions of the Securities (set out in "Terms and Conditions of the  Securities" of 
this Base Prospectus below) together with the relevant Issue Terms, which sets out in full the terms 
summarised below. This section is qualified in its entirety by the detailed provisions set out in the 
Conditions of the Securities.  
1. 
Types of events that could give rise to a discretionary determination by the Determination 
Agent or the Issuer 
There are three broad types of external events which could trigger a discretionary determination 
to be made by the Determination Agent or the Issuer (as applicable):  
(i) 
external events affecting Floating Rate Securities – see paragraph 4 below;  
(ii) 
external events affecting the Relevant Underlying(s) – see paragraph 5 below; and 
(iii) 
external events affecting the Issuer's hedging arrangements - see paragraph 6 below. 
Under the Conditions of the Securities, there are also other types of events which could give rise 
to a discretionary determination by the Determination Agent or the Issuer.  
For example: 
(I) 
if the performance of the Issuer's obligations under the Conditions or, if applicable, the 
Guarantor's under the Guarantee, becomes or will become unlawful (in whole or in part) or 
certain taxation events occur, the Determination Agent may determine that the Securities 
shall redeem early. See Condition 16.2 (Tax Redemption – Morgan Stanley and MSFL 
Securities), Condition 16.3 (Tax Redemption – MSI plc and MSBV Securities) and 
Condition 22 (Illegality and Regulatory Event) in ("Part 1: General Terms and Conditions" 
in "Terms and Conditions of the Securities"); or 
(II) 
if an event or circumstance occurs which makes it impossible, unlawful or impracticable 
for the Issuer, the Determination Agent or any of their affiliates for any reason beyond their 
reasonable control to, amongst other things, (i) convert the relevant currency into a 
specified currency (ii) determine the exchange rate in respect of such currencies or (iii) 
transfer the relevant currency and the Securities are not Commodity-Linked Securities, the 
Issuer may elect to (a) continue to make payments under the Securities in the specified 
currency determined at an exchange rate to be determined by the Determination Agent, (b) 
redeem the Securities early or (c) suspend payments under the Securities until such event 
or circumstance has ceased or is no longer in effect (See Condition 33 (Inconvertibility 
Events)). 
Some of the events will only apply to certain types of Relevant Underlying(s) and/or may only 
apply in relation to any particular issuance of Securities if specified to be applicable in the relevant 
Issue Terms.

--- Page 107 ---
Overview of the Potential for Discretionary Determinations by the Determination Agent and the Issuer 
 
 
107 
 
2. 
If such an event occurs, what are the discretionary determinations that the Determination 
Agent or Issuer may take? 
Broadly, depending on the terms of the particular issue of Securities (with consideration to the fact 
that different terms may apply to different types of Relevant Underlying(s) and where specified to 
be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms), the Determination Agent or the Issuer (as applicable) 
may take one or more of the following actions in order to deal with the effect of the events outlined 
above: 
2.1 
Adjustments: In respect of Equity-Linked Securities, Commodity-Linked Securities, Fund-
Linked Securities, Currency-Linked Securities and Inflation-Linked Securities, the 
Determination Agent may adjust the terms and conditions of the Securities to account for the 
economic effect of the external event in respect of the Relevant Underlying(s) on the Securities or 
to preserve as nearly as practicable the economic equivalence of the Securities before and after the 
external event in respect of the Relevant Underlying(s) or may make any adjustment to the terms 
and conditions of the Securities that the Determination Agent considers appropriate to any variable 
relevant to the redemption, settlement or payment terms of the Securities or, if applicable, any 
other adjustment, as applicable depending on the type of Securities and the relevant external event. 
This may include adjustments to the amount(s) payable and/or any variable relevant to payment 
or delivery under the Securities.  
2.2 
Substitution: In respect of: 
(a) 
Equity-Linked Securities where the Relevant Underlying is an ETF Interest. Following an 
Extraordinary ETF Event (as described below) or an Extraordinary Event, the Determination 
Agent may, within a certain period, substitute the Relevant Underlying(s) with a replacement asset 
satisfying the criteria set out in Condition 9 (Provisions relating to Equity-Linked Securities); and 
(b) 
Fund-Linked Securities. Following a Fund Event (as described below), the Issuer may, within a 
certain period, direct the Determination Agent to substitute the Relevant Underlying(s) with a 
replacement asset satisfying the criteria set out in Condition 13 (Provisions relating to Fund-
Linked Securities). 
(c) 
Equity-Linked Securities where the Relevant Underlying is a Share. Following an 
Extraordinary Event (as described below), the Determination Agent may, within a certain period, 
substitute the Relevant Underlying(s) with a replacement asset satisfying the criteria set out in 
Condition 9 (Provisions relating to Equity-Linked Securities); 
2.3 
Early Redemption 
The Issuer may redeem the Securities early by payment of the applicable early redemption amount 
following such determination by the Issuer. See Risk Factor 7.3 (The Securities may be redeemed 
prior to maturity).   
In addition, if the Determination Agent determines that a market disruption event or a failure to 
open of an Exchange or Related Exchange has occurred or exists on a relevant date of valuation, 
the Determination Agent may have the discretion to defer such valuation. 
3. 
Why is it necessary for the Determination Agent and the Issuer to make such discretionary 
determinations following the occurrence of such events? 
In general, such discretion is necessary as such events and circumstances may not be foreseen at 
the trade date of the Securities but impact the economic or other terms of the Securities. For 
example, it may not be reasonably practicable or appropriate for certain valuations to be carried 
out in relation to the Securities without the exercise of such discretion. Furthermore, such events 
and circumstances may not be reflected in the pricing of the Securities and/or any arrangements 
entered into by the Issuer and/or any of its affiliates to hedge obligations under the Securities and, 
accordingly, without such discretion to, for example, adjust the terms of the Securities, the Issuer 
may not have been able to issue the Securities on the terms applicable on the Issue Date or at all. 
Given that the Securities are linked to one or more Relevant Underlying(s), the investment 
objective of the Securities is to allow an investor to gain an economic exposure to the Relevant

--- Page 108 ---
Overview of the Potential for Discretionary Determinations by the Determination Agent and the Issuer 
 
 
108 
 
Underlying(s). If a Relevant Underlying is materially impacted by an unexpected event (e.g. a 
company merges and the original share that constituted a Relevant Underlying is restructured or 
changed, or the rules of an index that is a Relevant Underlying are materially modified) then it 
may not be possible to achieve the investment objective of the Securities based on the original 
terms and conditions of the Securities. The Issuer or the Determination Agent may need to make 
certain discretionary determinations in order to preserve the original economic objective and 
rationale of the Securities.  
Further, the Issuer and/or its affiliates may enter into hedging arrangements in order to manage its 
exposure in relation to its payment obligations under the Securities and to enable it to issue the 
Securities at the relevant price and on the relevant terms. If the amount(s) payable by the Issuer 
under the Securities depends on the performance of the Relevant Underlying(s) or an interest rate, 
the hedging arrangements may involve (a) holding the Relevant Underlying(s) directly; or (b) 
entering into derivative contracts with counterparties to receive a corresponding economic 
exposure to the Relevant Underlying(s) or the relevant interest rate, or to hedge the interest rate, 
currency rate or price risk in relation to the Relevant Underlying(s) or the Securities. The exercise 
of the Issuer's or Determination Agent's discretion is necessary if an external event occurs 
subsequent to the issuance of the Securities which negatively impacts the Issuer's hedging 
arrangements or the costs of maintaining such hedging arrangements. Such external events are 
unlikely to have been reflected in the original pricing of the Securities. 
The Issuer cannot continue to perform its obligations under the Securities if they become or will 
become illegal. In that case, the Issuer may need to redeem the Securities early. It may also be 
illegal or impracticable for the Issuer to perform its obligations under the Securities following 
events which have withholding tax implications. 
4. 
What are the types of external events affecting Floating Rate Securities which could trigger 
discretionary determinations, and what type of determinations may be made? 
One of the external events that may affect Floating Rate Securities are (i) the administrator or 
regulatory supervisor (or other applicable regulatory body) in connection with the relevant 
benchmark rate referenced by the Securities announces that the administrator has ceased or will 
cease permanently or indefinitely to provide such relevant benchmark rate and there is no 
successor administrator that will continue to provide the relevant benchmark rate; or (ii) unless 
otherwise specified in the  relevant Issue Terms, the relevant benchmark rate may not be used by 
the Issuer, the Determination Agent or the Calculation Agent under applicable law to perform its 
or their respective obligations in respect of the Securities (as a result of any authorisation, 
registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision, approval or inclusion in any official 
register in respect of the relevant benchmark rate or the administrator or sponsor of the relevant 
benchmark rate has not been, or will not be, obtained or has been, or will be, rejected, refused, 
suspended or withdrawn by the relevant official body).  
Following the occurrence of any of these events the Determination Agent may replace the relevant 
benchmark rate with any "Alternative Pre-nominated Reference Rate" which has been specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms or if no Alternative Pre-nominated Reference Rate is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, with an alternative rate that is consistent with accepted market practice for 
debt obligations such as the Securities. If an Alternative Pre-nominated Reference Rate or other 
alternative rate is used then the Determination Agent may also make other adjustments to the 
Securities, including to the new rate and to the Margin, which are consistent with accepted market 
practice. If the Determination Agent is unable to identify an alternative rate and determine the 
necessary adjustments to the terms of the Securities then the Issuer may redeem the Securities. 
External events that may affect Floating Rate Securities referencing a CMS Reference are if (a) 
the administrator or regulatory supervisor (or other applicable regulatory body) in connection with 
the CMS Reference Rate announces that the administrator has ceased or will cease permanently 
or indefinitely to provide such rate and there is no successor administrator that will continue to 
provide such rate or (b) unless otherwise specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the CMS Reference 
Rate may not be used by the Issuer, the Determination Agent or the Calculation Agent under 
applicable law to perform its or their respective obligations in respect of the Securities (as a result 
of any authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision, approval or 
inclusion in any official register in respect of the CMS Reference Rate or the administrator or

--- Page 109 ---
Overview of the Potential for Discretionary Determinations by the Determination Agent and the Issuer 
 
 
109 
 
sponsor of the CMS Reference Rate has not been, or will not be, obtained or has been, or will be, 
rejected, refused, suspended or withdrawn by the relevant official body), then the interest rate on 
the Securities will no longer be determined by reference to the CMS Reference Rate, but instead 
will be determined by reference to a different base rate, which will be a different benchmark than 
the initial or then current CMS Reference Rate which is referred to as a "Benchmark 
Replacement," plus any adjustment spread (which may be positive, negative, or zero) as further 
described in the relevant terms and conditions. Such determinations will be made by the Issuer in 
its or its designee's sole discretion. The determination of the Benchmark Replacement and any 
adjustment spread will be made by the Determination Agent. In connection with the 
implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, changes as the Determination Agent or its designee 
determines may be appropriate to reflect the adoption of such Benchmark Replacement in a 
manner substantially consistent with market practice (or if adoption of any portion of such market 
practice is not administratively feasible or no market practice for use of the Benchmark 
Replacement exists, in such other manner as the Determination Agent or its designee determines 
is reasonably necessary) may be made to the terms and conditions of the Securities. If the 
implementation of any Benchmark Replacement or Benchmark Replacement Conforming 
Changes results in a calculation of the CMS Reference Rate that is not consistent with market 
practice as determined by the Determination Agent, the Issuer may, in its reasonable discretion, 
determine that the Securities shall be redeemed as of any later date. 
External events that may affect Floating Rate Securities referencing SOFR are if (a) the 
administrator or regulatory supervisor (or other applicable regulatory body) in connection with 
SOFR announces that the administrator has ceased or will cease permanently or indefinitely to 
provide such rate and there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide such rate or 
(b) the regulatory supervisor in connection with SOFR has made a public statement or publication 
of information announcing that SOFR is no longer representative, then the interest rate on the 
Securities will no longer be determined by reference to SOFR, but instead will be determined by 
reference to a different base rate, which will be a different benchmark than the initial or then 
current rate of SOFR which is referred to as a "Benchmark Replacement”. In connection with the 
implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, changes as the Issuer or its designee determines 
may be appropriate to reflect the adoption of such Benchmark Replacement in a manner 
substantially consistent with market practice (or if adoption of any portion of such market practice 
is not administratively feasible or no market practice for use of the Benchmark Replacement exists, 
in such other manner as the Issuer or its designee determines is reasonably necessary) may be 
made to the terms and conditions of the Securities. All such determinations referred to above will 
be made in the Issuer or the Issuer or its designee's sole discretion. 
5. 
What are the types of external events affecting the Relevant Underlying(s) which could give 
rise to discretionary determinations, and what type of determinations may be made? 
The external events that may affect a Relevant Underlying will vary depending on the type of 
Relevant Underlying and are summarised in the table below.  
Type of 
Relevant 
Underlying 
Type of Event 
Summary of the event(s) 
Type of determinations 
Shares 
Potential 
Adjustment 
Events 
Corporate actions which 
have 
a 
diluting 
or 
concentrative effect on the 
theoretical value of the 
relevant shares. 
Adjustments (as described 
in paragraph 2.1 above). 
Extraordinary 
Events 
Events which materially 
impact the business of the 
share issuer, such as a 
merger event, a tender 
offer, the nationalisation of 
the relevant shares or assets 
of the share issuer, the 
Substitution (as described 
in paragraph 2.2 above). 
OR 
Adjustments (as described 
in paragraph 2.1 above).

--- Page 110 ---
Overview of the Potential for Discretionary Determinations by the Determination Agent and the Issuer 
 
 
110 
 
share 
issuer 
becomes 
insolvent or a delisting of 
the relevant shares on an 
exchange. 
OR 
Early 
redemption 
(as 
described in paragraph 2.3 
above). 
ETF 
Interests 
Potential 
Adjustment 
Events 
Corporate actions which 
have 
a 
diluting 
or 
concentrative effect on the 
theoretical value of the 
relevant ETF interests. 
Adjustments (as described 
in paragraph 2.1 above. 
Extraordinary 
Events 
Events which materially 
impact the business of the 
ETF, such as a merger 
event, a tender offer, the 
nationalisation 
of 
the 
relevant shares or assets of 
the ETF or a service 
provider of the ETF, the 
ETF or a service provider 
of 
the 
ETF 
becomes 
insolvent or a delisting of 
the relevant ETF interests 
or units of holding on an 
exchange. 
Substitution (as described 
in paragraph 2.2 above). 
OR 
Adjustments (as described 
in paragraph 2.1 above). 
OR 
Early 
redemption 
(as 
described in paragraph 2.3 
above). 
Extraordinary 
ETF Events 
(Events 
which 
could 
materially affect the value 
of the relevant ETF interest 
or the rights or remedies of 
any 
investor 
therein, 
including 
any 
litigation 
against the ETF or a service 
provider of the ETF, an 
allegation of criminal or 
fraudulent activity is made 
in respect of the relevant 
ETF, 
or 
any 
service 
provider of the relevant 
ETF, a service provider of 
the ETF ceases to act in 
such capacity in relation to 
the ETF without being 
immediately replaced in 
such 
capacity 
by 
a 
successor acceptable to the 
Determination 
Agent 
and/or any event occurs 
which causes, or will with 
the passage of time cause, 
the failure of the ETF 
and/or any service provider 
of the ETF to meet or 
maintain any obligation or 
undertaking 
under 
the 
relevant 
documents 
in 
respect of the ETF. 
Events involving a material 
modification, 
or 
any 
Substitution (as described 
in paragraph 2.2 above). 
OR 
Adjustments (as described 
in paragraph 2.1 above). 
OR 
Early 
redemption 
(as 
described in paragraph 2.3 
above).

--- Page 111 ---
Overview of the Potential for Discretionary Determinations by the Determination Agent and the Issuer 
 
 
111 
 
announcement regarding a 
potential future material 
modification, of the ETF. 
A material modification, 
cancellation 
or 
disappearance, 
or 
any 
announcement regarding a 
potential future material 
modification, cancellation 
or disappearance, of the 
type of assets: (a) in which 
the ETF invests, (b) the 
ETF purports to track; or 
(c) 
the 
ETF 
accepts/provides 
for 
purposes 
of 
creation/redemption 
baskets. 
The ETF ceases to be an 
undertaking for collective 
investment 
under 
the 
legislation of its relevant 
jurisdiction. 
Any relevant activities of 
or in relation to the ETF or 
any service provider of the 
ETF 
are 
or 
become 
unlawful, 
illegal 
or 
otherwise 
prohibited 
in 
whole or in part as a result 
of compliance with any 
present or future law. 
The value of any ETF 
interest held by the Issuer 
and its affiliates is greater 
than 10 per cent. of the 
aggregate net asset value of 
the relevant ETF. 
Equity 
indices 
Successor Index 
The relevant index is either 
(i) 
calculated 
and 
announced by a successor 
sponsor or (ii) replaced by 
a successor index (using 
the same or substantially 
similar 
formula 
for 
calculating the index). 
Replace the relevant index 
with successor index. 
Equity 
indices 
Index 
Adjustment 
Events 
Index Modification: The 
relevant sponsor announces 
that it will make a material 
change in the formula for or 
the method of calculating 
the index or in any other 
way materially modifies 
the index. 
Calculate the value of the 
index using, instead of a 
published value for the 
index, the level for that 
index 
determined 
in 
accordance 
with 
the 
formula for and method for 
calculating that index last 
in effect prior to the change

--- Page 112 ---
Overview of the Potential for Discretionary Determinations by the Determination Agent and the Issuer 
 
 
112 
 
Index Disruption: The 
relevant sponsor fails to 
calculate and announce the 
relevant index. 
or failure, but using only 
those 
Securities 
that 
comprised 
the 
index 
immediately prior to the 
change or failure. 
OR 
If the above would be 
unlawful 
or 
would 
contravene any applicable 
licensing 
requirements, 
Early 
redemption 
(as 
described in paragraph 2.3 
above).  
 
Index 
Adjustment 
Events 
Index Cancellation: The 
relevant 
sponsor 
permanently cancels the 
index and no successor 
index exists.  
Administrator/Benchmar
k Event: The index may 
not be used by the Issuer, 
the Determination Agent or 
the 
Calculation 
Agent 
under applicable law to 
perform 
its 
or 
their 
respective obligations in 
respect of the Securities (as 
a 
result 
of 
any 
authorisation, registration, 
recognition, 
endorsement 
equivalence 
decision, 
approval or inclusion in 
any official register in 
respect of the index or the 
administrator or sponsor of 
the relevant index has not 
been, or will not be, 
obtained or has been, or 
will be, rejected, refused, 
suspended or withdrawn by 
the relevant official body). 
Adjustments (as described 
in paragraph 2.1 above), 
including adjustments to 
the terms of the Securities 
so that references to the 
original index will be 
replaced by references to 
an 
alternative 
pre-
nominated index and to 
implement an adjustment 
payment. 
OR 
Early 
redemption 
(as 
described in paragraph 2.3 
above). 
Commodities 
Commodity 
Disruption 
Events 
Price Source Disruption: 
A disruption with respect to 
the relevant price source, 
including the failure of the 
price source to announce or 
publish the price of the 
relevant commodity or the 
temporary or permanent 
discontinuance 
or 
unavailability 
of 
the 
relevant price source. 
Trading Disruption: The 
material suspension of, in 
the 
material 
limitation 
If Determination Agent 
Determination is specified 
as applicable in the relevant 
Issue 
Terms 
as 
the 
Commodity 
Disruption 
Fallback, 
the 
Determination Agent will 
determine, in its reasonable 
discretion, the value of the 
commodity or commodity 
futures 
contract 
(or 
a 
method for determining the 
value of the commodity or 
commodity 
futures 
contract), 
taking 
into

--- Page 113 ---
Overview of the Potential for Discretionary Determinations by the Determination Agent and the Issuer 
 
 
113 
 
imposed on, or trading in 
the relevant commodity 
futures contract or the 
commodity on the relevant 
exchange.  
Disappearance 
of 
Commodity 
Reference 
Price: (i) the permanent 
discontinuation of trading 
in the relevant futures 
contract on the relevant 
exchange, 
(ii) 
the 
disappearance of, or of 
trading in, the relevant 
commodity; or (iii) the 
disappearance 
or 
permanent discontinuance 
or 
unavailability 
of 
a 
commodity reference price. 
Material 
Change 
in 
Formula: The occurrence a 
material change in the 
formula of or method of 
calculating 
the 
relevant 
commodity reference price. 
Material 
Change 
in 
Content: The occurrence 
of a material change in the 
content, composition or 
constitution of the relevant 
commodity or the relevant 
futures contract. 
Tax 
Disruption: 
The 
imposition of, change in or 
removal of certain taxes on, 
or measured by reference 
to, the relevant commodity 
by any government or 
taxation authority, if the 
direct 
effect 
of 
such 
imposition, 
change 
or 
removal is to impact the 
value 
of 
the 
relevant 
commodity or commodity 
futures contract on the day 
that would otherwise be a 
pricing date from what it 
would have been without 
that imposition, change or 
removal. 
consideration 
the 
latest 
available quotation for the 
relevant 
commodity 
reference price and any 
other information that it 
deems relevant. 
 
Administrator/
Benchmark 
Event 
The relevant commodity 
benchmark (other than a 
commodity index) may not 
be used by the Issuer, the 
Determination Agent or the 
Calculation Agent under 
If Determination Agent 
Determination is specified 
as applicable in the relevant 
Issue 
Terms 
as 
the 
Commodity 
Disruption 
Fallback, 
the

--- Page 114 ---
Overview of the Potential for Discretionary Determinations by the Determination Agent and the Issuer 
 
 
114 
 
applicable law to perform 
its 
or 
their 
respective 
obligations in respect of the 
Securities (as a result of 
any 
authorisation, 
registration, 
recognition, 
endorsement, equivalence 
decision, 
approval 
or 
inclusion in any official 
register in respect of the 
relevant 
commodity 
benchmark 
or 
the 
administrator or sponsor of 
the relevant commodity 
benchmark has not been, or 
will not be, obtained or has 
been, or will be, rejected, 
refused, 
suspended 
or 
withdrawn by the relevant 
official body). 
Determination Agent will 
determine, in its reasonable 
discretion, the value of the 
commodity or commodity 
futures 
contract 
(or 
a 
method for determining the 
value of the commodity or 
commodity 
futures 
contract), 
taking 
into 
consideration 
the 
latest 
available quotation for the 
relevant 
commodity 
reference price and any 
other information that it 
deems relevant. 
OR 
Early 
redemption 
(as 
described in paragraph 2.3 
above) 
in 
certain 
circumstances, 
provided 
that such early redemption 
will be mandatory. 
Commodity 
indices 
Commodity 
Index 
Disruption 
Events 
A temporary or permanent 
failure by the applicable 
exchange or other price 
source to announce or 
publish the relevant price 
of the commodity or the 
occurrence in respect of 
any component of the 
relevant commodity index 
of a Commodity Disruption 
Event (as described above). 
If the event continues with 
respect 
to 
any 
component(s) 
for 
five 
consecutive trading days, 
the Determination Agent 
determines the value of the 
relevant commodity index 
using 
the 
formula 
for 
calculating the commodity 
index last in effect prior to 
the event. 
OR 
Early 
redemption 
(as 
described in paragraph 2.3 
above) 
in 
certain 
circumstances, 
provided 
that such early redemption 
will be mandatory. 
Successor 
Sponsor 
or 
index 
If the relevant commodity 
index 
is 
permanently 
cancelled 
or 
is 
not 
calculated and announced 
by the sponsor of the 
commodity index or any of 
its 
affiliates 
but 
is 
calculated and announced 
by a successor sponsor 
acceptable 
to 
the 
Determination Agent or 
replaced by a successor 
index 
using, 
in 
the 
determination 
of 
the 
Determination Agent, the 
Price of commodity to be 
determined by reference to 
the commodity index as so 
calculated and announced 
by the successor sponsor or 
successor index.

--- Page 115 ---
Overview of the Potential for Discretionary Determinations by the Determination Agent and the Issuer 
 
 
115 
 
same or a substantially 
similar formula for and 
method of calculation as 
used in the calculation of 
such commodity index. 
 
Commodity 
Index 
Adjustment 
Events  
Commodity 
Index 
Cancellation: The relevant 
sponsor 
permanently 
cancels 
the 
commodity 
index and no successor 
index exists.  
Administrator/ 
Benchmark Event: The 
commodity index may not 
be used by the Issuer, the 
Determination Agent or the 
Calculation Agent under 
applicable law to perform 
its 
or 
their 
respective 
obligations in respect of the 
Securities (as a result of 
any 
authorisation, 
registration, 
recognition, 
endorsement, equivalence 
decision, 
approval 
or 
inclusion in any official 
register in respect of the 
relevant benchmark rate or 
the 
administrator 
or 
sponsor of the relevant 
benchmark rate has not 
been, or will not be, 
obtained or has been, or 
will be, rejected, refused, 
suspended or withdrawn by 
the relevant official body). 
Adjustments (as described 
in paragraph 2.1 above), 
including adjustments to 
the terms of the Securities 
so that references to the 
original index will be 
replaced by references to 
an 
alternative 
pre-
nominated index and to 
implement an adjustment 
payment. 
OR 
Early 
redemption 
(as 
described in paragraph 2.3 
above). 
Commodity 
Index 
Modification: The relevant 
sponsor announces that it 
will 
make 
a 
material 
change in the formula for or 
the method of calculating 
the commodity index or in 
any other way materially 
modifies the commodity 
index. 
Commodity 
Index 
Disruption: The relevant 
sponsor fails to calculate 
and announce the relevant 
commodity index for three 
trading days and there is no 
successor 
sponsor 
or 
successor index. 
Calculate the value of the 
index using, instead of a 
published level for the 
commodity index, the level 
for that commodity index 
as 
at 
the 
relevant 
determination 
date 
as 
determined in accordance 
with the formula for and 
method for calculating that 
commodity index last in 
effect prior to the change or 
failure, but using only 
those futures contracts that 
comprised the commodity 
index immediately prior to 
the change or failure. 
OR 
If the above would be 
unlawful 
or 
would

--- Page 116 ---
Overview of the Potential for Discretionary Determinations by the Determination Agent and the Issuer 
 
 
116 
 
contravene any applicable 
licensing 
requirements, 
early 
redemption 
(as 
described in paragraph 2.3 
above).  
 
Inconvertibility 
Event  
An event or circumstance 
occurs which makes it 
impossible, unlawful or 
commercially 
impracticable for the Issuer 
to, amongst other things: (i) 
convert 
the 
relevant 
currency into a specified 
currency; or (ii) deliver the 
relevant currency into or 
between accounts in the 
relevant jurisdiction. 
The Issuer will continue to 
make payments under the 
Securities in the specified 
currency determined at an 
exchange 
rate 
to 
be 
determined 
by 
the 
Determination Agent. 
Currencies 
Currency 
Disruption 
Events 
Price Source Disruption: 
It becomes impossible to 
determine the relevant rate 
on the relevant date. 
Additional Price Source 
Disruption: In relation to 
the determination of the 
Relevant Underlying value 
on any relevant date: (a) the 
relevant exchange rate is 
not displayed on the price 
source or any successor 
page for such relevant date, 
(b) such relevant date is any 
unscheduled holiday; or (c) 
the 
exchange 
rate 
so 
displayed on the price 
source 
is 
manifestly 
incorrect. 
Price Materiality Event: 
which means the Primary 
Rate 
differs 
from 
the 
Secondary Rate by at least 
the 
Price 
Materiality 
Percentage. 
Determination Agent to 
determine the relevant rate 
in its reasonable discretion. 
Administrator/
Benchmark 
Event 
The 
relevant 
rate, 
benchmark or price source 
may not be used by the 
Issuer, the Determination 
Agent or the Calculation 
Agent under applicable law 
to perform its or their 
respective obligations in 
respect of the Securities (as 
a 
result 
of 
any 
authorisation, registration, 
recognition, endorsement, 
equivalence 
decision, 
approval or inclusion in 
Determination Agent to 
determine the relevant rate 
in its reasonable discretion. 
OR 
If the Determination Agent 
determines that it is unable 
determine the relevant rate 
with the relevant fallback, 
early 
redemption 
(as 
described in paragraph 2.3 
above).

--- Page 117 ---
Overview of the Potential for Discretionary Determinations by the Determination Agent and the Issuer 
 
 
117 
 
any official register in 
respect of the relevant rate, 
benchmark price source or 
the 
administrator 
or 
sponsor of the relevant rate, 
benchmark or price source 
has not been, or will not be, 
obtained or has been, or 
will be, rejected, refused, 
suspended or withdrawn by 
the relevant official body). 
Inflation 
indices 
Delay 
of 
publication 
(other 
than 
where 
the 
relevant 
inflation index is 
UDI Fixing) 
Any level of an inflation 
index for a Reference 
Month which is relevant to 
the 
calculation 
of 
a 
payment 
under 
the 
securities has not been 
published or announced by 
a certain cut-off date prior 
to the relevant payment 
date. 
Determination Agent to 
determine the level of the 
inflation index. 
Cessation 
of 
publication 
(other 
than 
where 
the 
relevant 
inflation index is 
UDI Fixing) 
A level for the inflation 
index 
has 
not 
been 
published or announced for 
two consecutive months or 
the sponsor of the inflation 
index announces that it will 
no 
longer 
continue 
to 
publish or announce the 
inflation index.  
The Determination Agent 
shall determine a successor 
inflation index for the 
purposes of the Securities 
by 
using 
a 
prescribed 
methodology, 
provided 
that 
if 
the 
successor 
inflation index has not been 
so determined by a specific 
cut-off 
date 
the 
Determination Agent will 
determine an appropriate 
alternative index. 
OR 
If no successor inflation 
index has been determined 
by a specific cut-off date, 
early 
redemption 
(as 
described in paragraph 2.3 
above), provided that such 
early redemption will be 
mandatory.  
Rebasing of the 
inflation 
index 
(other 
than 
where 
the 
relevant 
inflation index is 
UDI Fixing)  
An inflation index has been 
or will be rebased. 
The Determination Agent 
shall 
make 
such 
adjustments as are made by 
the Determination Agent 
pursuant to the terms and 
conditions of the Related 
Bond, if any, to the levels 
of the rebased inflation 
index so that the rebased 
inflation 
index 
levels 
reflect the same rate of 
inflation as the inflation 
index 
before 
it 
was

--- Page 118 ---
Overview of the Potential for Discretionary Determinations by the Determination Agent and the Issuer 
 
 
118 
 
rebased.  If there is no 
Related 
Bond, 
the 
Determination Agent shall 
make adjustments to the 
levels 
of 
the 
rebased 
inflation index so that the 
rebased 
inflation 
index 
levels reflect the same rate 
of inflation as the inflation 
index 
before 
it 
was 
rebased.   
Material 
modification 
prior 
to 
payment 
date 
(other 
than 
where 
the 
relevant 
inflation index is 
UDI Fixing) 
On or prior to a specific 
cut-off 
date 
before 
a 
relevant payment date in 
relation to the Securities, 
the sponsor of the inflation 
index announces that it will 
make a material change to 
the inflation index. 
The Determination Agent 
shall 
make 
any 
such 
adjustments to the Inflation 
Index 
consistent 
with 
adjustments made to the 
Related Bond, or, if there is 
no Related Bond, only 
those 
adjustments 
necessary for the modified 
inflation index to continue 
as the inflation index. 
Manifest error 
in 
publication 
(other 
than 
where 
the 
relevant 
inflation index is 
UDI Fixing) 
The sponsor of the inflation 
index has corrected the 
level of the inflation index 
to remedy a manifest error 
in its original publication 
within 
thirty 
days 
of 
publication and prior to the 
redemption 
of 
the 
Securities or payments in 
respect of any relevant 
payment date in relation to 
the Securities. 
The Determination Agent 
will notify the holders of 
the Securities of (i) that 
correction, (ii) the adjusted 
amount that is then payable 
under the Securities as a 
result of that correction and 
(iii) take such other action 
as it may deem necessary to 
give 
effect 
to 
such 
correction, 
subject 
to 
certain specified provisos. 
 
UDI 
Index 
Events 
(where 
the 
relevant 
inflation index is 
UDI Fixing) 
(a) the inflation index is not 
calculated and/or published 
in a timely manner by the 
Central Bank of the United 
Mexican States (Banco de 
México) 
(the 
“Central 
Bank”); or (b) the Central 
Bank ceases to publish the 
inflation index or publishes 
a successor unit of value; or 
(c) the Central Bank makes 
a material change in the 
method of calculating the 
inflation index; or (d) the 
Central Bank in any way 
materially 
modifies 
or 
restates 
previously 
published rates of the 
inflation index; or (e) the 
United 
Mexican 
States 
(“Mexico”), or any of its 
agencies, instrumentalities 
or 
entities 
(including, 
The level of the inflation 
index 
shall 
be 
as 
determined 
by 
the 
Determination Agent in 
good 
faith 
and 
in 
a 
commercially 
reasonable 
manner.

--- Page 119 ---
Overview of the Potential for Discretionary Determinations by the Determination Agent and the Issuer 
 
 
119 
 
without 
limitation, 
the 
Central Bank) by means of 
any law, regulation, ruling, 
directive or interpretation, 
whether or not having the 
force of law, takes any 
action which legally or de 
facto prevents or has the 
effect of restricting or 
limiting the calculation or 
publication of the inflation 
index or any of the values 
used to determine the 
inflation 
index; 
or 
(f) 
Mexico 
continues 
to 
publish the inflation index 
but applies an alternate 
index 
to 
a 
substantial 
portion of its local debt; or 
(g) the inflation index is 
otherwise not available. 
Funds 
Potential 
Adjustment 
Events 
Corporate actions which 
have 
a 
diluting 
or 
concentrative effect on the 
theoretical value of the 
relevant fund interests. 
Adjustments (as described 
in paragraph 2.1 above). 
Fund Events 
Events which materially 
impact the business of a 
fund, 
its 
management 
company or its service 
providers, 
including 
insolvency, 
a 
merger, 
termination of the fund, 
nationalisation of a fund, 
and 
other 
fund-related 
events such as litigations 
involving a fund, events 
which affect the calculation 
of the net asset value and 
performance of a fund, or 
which affect the trading of 
a fund, any operational 
failures, or other legal and 
regulatory constraints. 
Substitution (as described 
in paragraph 2.2 above). 
OR 
Adjustments (as described 
in paragraph 2.1 above). 
OR 
Early 
redemption 
(as 
described in paragraph 2.3 
above). 
 
Futures 
contract 
Administrator/
Benchmark 
Event 
The relevant benchmark 
may not be used by the 
Issuer, the Determination 
Agent or the Calculation 
Agent under applicable law 
to perform its or their 
respective obligations in 
respect of the Securities (as 
a 
result 
of 
any 
authorisation, registration, 
recognition, endorsement, 
equivalence 
decision, 
approval or inclusion in 
Adjustments (as described 
in paragraph 2.1 above), 
including adjustments to 
the terms of the Securities 
so that references to the 
original futures contract 
will 
be 
replaced 
by 
references to an alternative 
pre-nominated 
futures 
contract and to implement 
an adjustment payment. 
OR

--- Page 120 ---
Overview of the Potential for Discretionary Determinations by the Determination Agent and the Issuer 
 
 
120 
 
any official register in 
respect of the relevant 
benchmark 
or 
the 
administrator or sponsor of 
the relevant benchmark  
has not been, or will not be, 
obtained or has been, or 
will be, rejected, refused, 
suspended or withdrawn by 
the relevant official body). 
Early 
redemption 
(as 
described in paragraph 2.3 
above). 
Disappearance 
or 
Non-
commencement 
of 
Futures 
Contract 
or 
Settlement Price 
(i) 
The 
permanent 
discontinuation 
of 
the 
relevant futures contract or 
of trading in the relevant 
futures contract on the 
relevant exchange, (ii) the 
disappearance 
or 
permanent discontinuance 
or 
unavailability 
of 
a 
relevant settlement price; 
or (iii) trading in the 
relevant futures contract 
never commenced, and, in 
any such case, no successor 
futures contracts exists. 
Adjustments (as described 
in paragraph 2.1 above), 
including adjustments to 
the terms of the Securities 
so that references to the 
original futures contract 
will 
be 
replaced 
by 
references to an alternative 
pre-nominated 
futures 
contract and to implement 
an adjustment payment. 
OR 
Early 
redemption 
(as 
described in paragraph 2.3 
above). 
Futures 
Contract 
Adjustment 
Events 
Price Source Disruption: 
(i) The failure of the 
sponsor of the futures 
contract to announce or 
publish 
the 
relevant 
settlement price; or (ii) the 
failure by the relevant 
exchange to publish the 
relevant settlement price. 
Trading Restriction: The 
material suspension of, in 
the 
material 
limitation 
imposed on, trading in the 
relevant futures contract on 
the 
exchange 
or 
any 
relevant index, rate, asset 
or 
reference 
item 
underlying such futures 
contract.  
Material 
Change 
in 
Formula: The occurrence a 
material change in the 
formula for or method of 
calculating 
the 
relevant 
price of the relevant futures 
contract. 
Material 
Change 
in 
Content: The occurrence 
of a material change in the 
Substitution (as described 
in paragraph 2.2 above). 
OR 
Adjustments (as described 
in paragraph 2.1 above). 
OR 
Early 
redemption 
(as 
described in paragraph 2.3 
above).

--- Page 121 ---
Overview of the Potential for Discretionary Determinations by the Determination Agent and the Issuer 
 
 
121 
 
content, composition or 
constitution of the relevant 
futures contract. 
Tax 
Disruption: 
the 
imposition of, change in or 
removal of certain taxes on, 
or measured by reference 
to, the relevant futures 
contract 
by 
any 
government 
or 
taxation 
authority, if the direct 
effect of such imposition, 
change or removal is to 
impact the value on the day 
that would otherwise be a 
relevant 
reference 
date 
from what it would have 
been 
without 
that 
imposition, 
change 
or 
removal. 
Change of Exchange: The 
futures 
contract 
is 
no 
longer negotiated on the 
exchange and/or under a 
market-standard format but 
is 
negotiated 
on 
an 
exchange and/or under a 
format 
that 
is 
not 
acceptable 
to 
the 
Determination Agent. 
 
6. 
What are the types of external events affecting the Issuer's hedging arrangements which 
could trigger discretionary determinations, and what sorts of determinations will be made? 
In addition to the above, the external events that may affect the Issuer's hedging arrangements will 
vary depending on the type of Reference Asset and are summarised in table below:  
Type 
of 
Relevant 
Underlying 
Type of Event 
Summary of the event(s) 
Type of Consequence 
Shares, ETF 
Interests and 
Equity 
Indices, 
Commodities, 
Commodity 
Indices, 
Currencies, 
inflation 
indices, 
Futures 
contracts  
Additional 
Disruption 
Events 
Change in Law: As a 
result of a change in any 
applicable law or as a result 
of 
a 
change 
in 
the 
interpretation 
of 
any 
applicable law, (i) it has 
become illegal to hold, 
acquire or dispose of any 
relevant shares or ETF 
interests or of any financial 
instrument, 
contract 
or 
other 
instruments 
or 
arrangements, as the case 
may 
be, 
providing 
exposure to the relevant 
shares or ETF interests or 
Adjustments (as described 
in paragraph 2.1 above). 
OR 
Early 
redemption 
(as 
described in paragraph 2.3 
above).

--- Page 122 ---
Overview of the Potential for Discretionary Determinations by the Determination Agent and the Issuer 
 
 
122 
 
any relevant index or other 
asset referenced by the 
Securities or (ii) the Issuer 
will incur a materially 
increased 
cost 
in 
performing its obligations 
with 
respect 
to 
the 
Securities. 
Hedging Disruption: an 
event which impacts the 
ability of the Issuer to 
hedge the risk of the Issuer 
entering 
into 
and 
performing its obligations 
under the Securities – for 
example, if the Issuer is 
unable to establish a hedge 
or to realise the proceeds of 
a hedge.  
Increased 
Cost 
of 
Hedging: The Issuer would 
incur a materially increased 
cost to hedge the risk of the 
Issuer entering into and 
performing its obligations 
under the Securities or to 
realise the proceeds of a 
hedge (except where the 
increased cost is due to the 
deterioration 
of 
the 
creditworthiness 
of 
the 
Issuer). 
If 
"Supplementary 
Provisions 
for 
Belgian 
Securities" is specified as 
applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms, (i) "Hedging 
Disruption" and "Increased 
Cost of Hedging" will not 
be Additional Disruption 
Events 
and 
(ii) 
the 
summary of the applicable 
Change In Law events is as 
follows: 
Change in Law: As a 
result of a change in any 
applicable law or as a result 
of 
a 
change 
in 
the 
interpretation 
of 
any 
applicable law, (i) it has 
become illegal to hold, 
acquire or dispose of any 
relevant shares or ETF 
interests or of any financial 
instrument, 
contract 
or 
other 
instruments 
or 
arrangements, as the case

--- Page 123 ---
Overview of the Potential for Discretionary Determinations by the Determination Agent and the Issuer 
 
 
123 
 
may 
be, 
providing 
exposure to the relevant 
shares or ETF interests or 
any relevant index or other 
asset referenced by the 
Securities or (ii) it will 
significantly 
alter 
the 
economics of the relevant 
Securities that existed on 
the trade date in respect of 
the Securities, excluding 
with respect to the Issuer's 
or any of its Affiliates' 
hedging arrangements with 
respect to the Securities. 
 
Shares 
and 
ETF Interests 
Additional 
Disruption 
Events 
Loss of Stock Borrow: 
The Issuer is not able to 
borrow the relevant shares 
or 
ETF 
interests 
with 
respect to the Securities for 
the purposes of its hedging 
arrangements. 
If 
"Supplementary 
Provisions 
for 
Belgian 
Securities" is specified as 
applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms, "Loss of 
Stock Borrow" will not be 
an Additional Disruption 
Event. 
Adjustments (as described 
in paragraph 2.1 above). 
OR 
Early 
redemption 
(as 
described in paragraph 2.3 
above). 
 
Funds 
Fund Events – 
Hedging 
Disruption 
An event which impacts the 
ability of the Issuer or any 
affiliate of the Issuer to 
hedge the risk of the Issuer 
entering 
into 
and 
performing its obligations 
under the Securities – for 
example, if the Issuer is 
unable to establish a hedge 
or to realise the proceeds of 
a hedge.  
It has become illegal for the 
Issuer or any of its affiliates 
to hold, acquire or dispose 
of 
any 
relevant 
fund 
interests or the Issuer will 
incur an increased cost in 
respect of any relevant 
hedging 
transactions 
related to the performance 
of its obligations with 
respect to the Securities. 
The Issuer or any of its 
affiliates would incur a 
Substitution (as described 
in paragraph 2.2 above). 
OR 
Adjustments (as described 
in paragraph 2.1 above). 
OR 
Early 
redemption 
(as 
described in paragraph 2.3 
above).

--- Page 124 ---
Overview of the Potential for Discretionary Determinations by the Determination Agent and the Issuer 
 
 
124 
 
materially increased cost to 
hedge the risk of the Issuer 
entering 
into 
and 
performing its obligations 
under the Securities or to 
realise the proceeds of a 
hedge (except where the 
increased cost is due to the 
deterioration 
of 
the 
creditworthiness 
of 
the 
Issuer 
or 
any 
of 
its 
affiliates). 
If 
"Supplementary 
Provisions 
for 
Belgian 
Securities" is specified as 
applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms, none of the 
events specified will be a 
Fund Event. 
Futures 
Contracts 
Futures 
Contract 
Adjustment 
Events 
Illiquidity 
Event: 
the 
liquidity of the futures 
contract 
has 
decreased 
significantly, such decrease 
of liquidity being likely to 
have a material impact on 
any hedging arrangements 
of the Issuer and/or any of 
its affiliates in connections 
with the Securities.  
If 
"Supplementary 
Provisions 
for 
Belgian 
Securities" is specified as 
applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms, none of the 
events specified will be an 
Illiquidity Event. 
Substitution (as described 
in paragraph 2.2 above). 
OR 
Adjustments (as described 
in paragraph 2.1 above). 
OR 
Early 
redemption 
(as 
described in paragraph 2.3 
above). 
7. 
How will the Determination Agent and the Issuer make discretionary determinations? 
Unless the relevant discretionary term provides otherwise, all discretionary determinations by the 
Issuer under the Conditions of the Securities shall be made in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner. Unless the relevant discretionary term provides otherwise (and the 
Determination Agent is, in certain circumstances, required to act in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner or in its reasonable discretion), discretionary determinations by 
the Determination Agent under the Conditions of the Securities shall be made in the its discretion 
(and it shall have no liability in relation to such determinations except in the case of its wilful 
default or bad faith).  
8. 
When making discretionary determinations, are the Determination Agent and the Issuer 
obliged to consider the interests of Securityholders? 
No, the Determination Agent acts as an expert and not as an agent of the Issuer and the 
Securityholders and does not assume any obligations or duty to, or relationship of agency or trust 
for or with, any Securityholder. In making any determination or exercising any discretion, neither 
the Issuer nor the Determination Agent is obliged to (and shall not) consider the individual interests 
or circumstances of any particular investor.

--- Page 125 ---
Overview of the Potential for Discretionary Determinations by the Determination Agent and the Issuer 
 
 
125 
 
 
 
9. 
What is the effect of such event and/or action taken by the Determination Agent or the Issuer 
on the Securities? 
Any of the above actions, if taken by the Issuer or the Determination Agent, may result in a reduced 
return on the Securities and/or have a material adverse impact on the value of the Securities. For 
example, the early redemption amount in respect of the Securities could be less than such investor's 
initial investment and may be reduced to zero.  
Further, if the Securities are redeemed or settled early prior to their scheduled maturity, an investor 
may be unable to reinvest the redemption proceeds in another investment at the time that provides 
an equivalent return. 
10. 
Will the Issuer notify me if such an event occurs and/or if it takes any of the above actions? 
Yes, the Issuer will generally give notice to Securityholders as soon as practicable upon making 
any adjustments to the terms and conditions of the Securities, or if it substitutes a Relevant 
Underlying with a replacement asset, or if the Issuer determines to redeem the Securities early.

--- Page 126 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
Part 1: General Terms and Conditions 
 
 
126 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions, comprising the general terms and conditions set out 
in Part 1 (General Terms and Conditions), the additional terms and conditions set out in Part 2 (Additional 
Terms and Conditions) and, if "Supplementary Provisions for Belgian Securities" is specified as applicable 
in the applicable Issue Terms, the supplemental terms and conditions set out in Part 3 (Supplemental 
Provisions for Belgian Securities), which, as completed by the applicable Issue Terms, will be endorsed on 
each Security in definitive form (if any) issued under the Program.  In the case of any Tranche of Securities 
which are being (a) offered to the public in a Member State (other than pursuant to one or more exemptions 
set out in Article 1.4 of the Prospectus Regulation) or (b) admitted to trading on a regulated market in a 
Member State, the relevant Final Terms shall not amend or replace any information in this Base Prospectus. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Security issued in global form will differ from those terms and 
conditions which would apply to the Security were it in definitive form to the extent described under 
"Summary of Provisions Relating to the Securities while in Global Form" below. 
PART 1:  GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
 
1. 
INTRODUCTION ................................................................................................................ 128 
2. 
INTERPRETATION ............................................................................................................. 129 
3. 
FORM, MINIMUM DENOMINATION, UNIT VALUE AND TITLE ............................... 151 
4. 
STATUS ............................................................................................................................... 154 
5. 
FIXED RATE SECURITY PROVISIONS ........................................................................... 154 
6. 
FLOATING RATE SECURITY, EQUITY-LINKED, COMMODITY-LINKED, CURRENCY- 
LINKED, INFLATION-LINKED, FUND-LINKED AND FUTURES CONTRACT-LINKED 
INTEREST PROVISIONS ................................................................................................... 155 
7. 
ZERO COUPON SECURITY PROVISIONS ...................................................................... 185 
8. 
EQUITY-LINKED, COMMODITY-LINKED, CURRENCY-LINKED, INFLATION-LINKED, 
FUND-LINKED, PREFERENCE SHARE-LINKED and FUTURES CONTRACT-LINKED 
SECURITIES ........................................................................................................................ 186 
9. 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO EQUITY-LINKED SECURITIES ..................................... 188 
10. 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO COMMODITY-LINKED SECURITIES........................... 218 
11. 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO CURRENCY-LINKED SECURITIES .............................. 230 
12. 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INFLATION-LINKED SECURITIES .............................. 236 
13. 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO FUND-LINKED SECURITIES ......................................... 242 
14. 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO PREFERENCE SHARE-LINKED SECURITIES ............ 257 
15. 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO FUTURES CONTRACT-LINKED SECURITIES ........... 260 
16. 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE ...................................................................................... 274 
17. 
PAYMENTS – REGISTERED SECURITIES ..................................................................... 278 
18. 
PAYMENTS – UNCERTIFICATED SECURITIES ............................................................ 280

--- Page 127 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
Part 1: General Terms and Conditions 
 
 
127 
 
19. 
PHYSICAL SETTLEMENT................................................................................................. 281 
20. 
TAXATION .......................................................................................................................... 284 
21. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT ...................................................................................................... 286 
22. 
ILLEGALITY AND REGULATORY EVENT .................................................................... 287 
23. 
PRESCRIPTION ................................................................................................................... 288 
24. 
REPLACEMENT OF SECURITIES .................................................................................... 288 
25. 
AGENTS ............................................................................................................................... 288 
26. 
MEETINGS OF SECURITYHOLDERS AND MODIFICATION ...................................... 290 
27. 
FURTHER ISSUES .............................................................................................................. 291 
28. 
NOTICES .............................................................................................................................. 291 
29. 
LOSSES ................................................................................................................................ 291 
30. 
CURRENCY INDEMNITY ................................................................................................. 291 
31. 
ROUNDING ......................................................................................................................... 292 
32. 
REDENOMINATION, RENOMINALISATION AND RECONVENTIONING ................ 292 
33. 
INCONVERTIBILITY EVENTS ......................................................................................... 293 
34. 
CNY DISRUPTION EVENTS ............................................................................................. 295 
35. 
SUBSTITUTION .................................................................................................................. 296 
36. 
REPRESENTATIONS AND ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS BY SECURITYHOLDERS ...... 300 
37. 
GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION ....................................................................... 300 
38. 
RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES ............................................................................................ 301

--- Page 128 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
Part 1: General Terms and Conditions 
 
 
128 
 
1. 
INTRODUCTION 
 
Program:  Morgan Stanley ("Morgan Stanley"), Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc ("MSI 
plc"), Morgan Stanley B.V. ("MSBV") and Morgan Stanley Finance LLC ("MSFL") have 
established the Regulation S Program for the issuance of notes and certificates, Series A and Series 
B, and Warrants (the "Program") which provides for the issuance, inter alia, of securities which 
are expressed to be governed by English law (the "Securities").  References to the "Issuer" in 
these terms and conditions shall mean (i) if the Securities to which these terms and conditions 
apply are issued by Morgan Stanley, Morgan Stanley, (ii) if the Securities to which these terms 
and conditions apply are issued by MSI plc, MSI plc, (iii) if the Securities to which these terms 
and conditions apply are issued by MSBV, MSBV, or (iv) if the Securities to which these terms 
and conditions apply are issued by MSFL, MSFL.  The payment obligations of MSBV in respect 
of Securities issued by MSBV and the payment obligations of MSFL in respect of Securities issued 
by MSFL under the Program are (unless, in respect of Securities issued by MSBV only, otherwise 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms), in each case, guaranteed by Morgan Stanley (in its 
capacity as Guarantor (the "Guarantor")) under the terms of a guarantee dated as of 15 July 2022 
(the "Guarantee").  
 
Issue Terms:  Securities issued under the Program are issued in series (each a "Series") and each 
Series may comprise one or more tranches (each a "Tranche") of Securities.  Each Tranche is the 
subject of either (i) a set of Final Terms (each, a "Final Terms"), in the case of Securities which 
are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area or offered to 
the public in the European Economic Area and for which a prospectus is required to be published 
under the Prospectus Regulation, or (ii) a pricing supplement (each, a "Pricing Supplement"), in 
the case of Securities which are (i) neither to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the 
European Economic Area nor offered to the public in the European Economic Area or (ii) 
Securities for which no prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation, 
which, in each case, completes the general terms and conditions (the "General Terms and 
Conditions" or "General Conditions") and specifies, among other matters, the additional terms 
and conditions set out in Part 2 (Additional Terms and Conditions) below (the "Additional Terms 
and Conditions" or "Additional Conditions") and whether the supplemental terms and 
conditions set out in Part 3 (Supplementary Provisions for Belgian Securities) below are applicable 
(the "Belgian Supplemental Conditions" and the Additional Terms and Conditions and, if 
applicable, the Belgian Supplemental Conditions together with the General Terms and Conditions, 
the "Base Conditions"), if any, applicable in relation to such Series.  For the purposes hereof, 
"Issue Terms" means either (i) where the Securities are to be admitted to trading on a regulated 
market in the European Economic Area or offered to the public in the European Economic Area 
and for which a prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation, the 
applicable Final Terms or (ii) where the Securities are neither to be admitted to trading on a 
regulated market in the European Economic Area nor offered to the public in the European 
Economic Area or for which no prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus 
Regulation, the applicable Pricing Supplement, and should be construed accordingly. The terms 
and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Securities are the Base Conditions as 
completed by the applicable Issue Terms (the "Conditions" or "Terms and Conditions" of such 
Tranche of Securities). 
 
Issue and Paying Agency Agreement:  The Securities are the subject of an issue and paying 
agency agreement dated 17 July 2013, as last modified and restated on 15 July 2022 (such 
agreement as from time to time further modified and/or restated, the "Issue and Paying Agency 
Agreement") between Morgan Stanley, MSI plc, MSBV, MSFL, The Bank of New York Mellon 
S.A./N.V., Luxembourg Branch as registrar (the "Registrar", which expression includes any 
successor registrar appointed from time to time in connection with the Securities), the transfer 
agents named therein (together with the Registrar, the "Transfer Agents", which expression 
includes any successor or additional transfer agents appointed from time to time in connection 
with the Securities) and The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch (as successor to 
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., London Branch) as fiscal agent (the "Fiscal Agent", which 
expression includes any successor fiscal agent appointed from time to time in connection with the 
Securities and together with any additional paying agents appointed pursuant thereto, the "Paying 
Agents", which expression includes any successor paying agents appointed from time to time in 
connection with the Securities).  The Fiscal Agent is also appointed as initial calculation agent.  In

--- Page 129 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
Part 1: General Terms and Conditions 
 
 
129 
 
these Base Conditions references to the "Agents" are to the Paying Agents and the Transfer Agents 
and any reference to an "Agent" is to any one of them.  
 
SEB Issuing and Paying Agent Agreement:  In relation to issues of Nordic Securities (as defined 
below), Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) (the "Nordic Issuing Agent", which 
expression shall include any successor or additional Nordic issuing agent appointed in respect of 
Nordic Securities), MSBV and MSI plc have entered into an agreement dated 11 April 2016 (the 
"SEB Issuing and Paying Agent Agreement").  
 
Euroclear Agreement:  In relation to issues of Uncertificated Securities (as defined below), 
MSBV, MSI plc and the Guarantor have entered into an agreement dated 17 July 2013, as last 
modified and restated on 15 July 2022 (such agreement as amended and/or supplemented and/or 
restated from time to time, the "Euroclear Agreement") with Computershare Investor Services 
(Guernsey) Limited as registrar in respect of Uncertificated Securities (the "Euroclear Registrar", 
which expression shall include any successor or additional Euroclear registrar appointed in respect 
of Uncertificated Securities). 
 
Deed of Covenant:  Securities issued by Morgan Stanley in global form are constituted by a deed 
of covenant entered into by Morgan Stanley dated 17 July 2013 (the "Morgan Stanley Deed of 
Covenant"); Securities issued by MSI plc in global form or in dematerialised form are constituted 
by a deed of covenant entered into by MSI plc dated 17 July 2013 (the "MSI plc Deed of 
Covenant"); Securities issued by MSBV in global form or in dematerialised form are constituted 
by a deed of covenant entered into by MSBV dated 17 July 2013 (the "MSBV Deed of 
Covenant"); Securities issued by MSFL in global form are constituted by a deed of covenant 
entered into by MSFL dated 21 October 2016 (the "MSFL Deed of Covenant", together with the 
Morgan Stanley Deed of Covenant, the MSI plc Deed of Covenant and the MSBV Deed of 
Covenant, the "Deeds of Covenant"). 
 
The Securities:  All subsequent references in these Base Conditions to "Securities" are to the 
Securities which are the subject of the applicable Issue Terms.  Copies of the applicable Issue 
Terms are available for inspection by Securityholders during normal business hours at the 
Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent, the initial Specified Office of which is set out below. 
 
Summaries:  Certain provisions of these Base Conditions are summaries of the Issue and Paying 
Agency Agreement, the SEB Issuing and Paying Agent Agreement, the Euroclear Agreement, the 
Deed of Covenant and the Guarantee and are subject to their detailed provisions.  The holders of 
the Securities (the "Securityholders") are bound by, and are deemed to have notice of, all the 
provisions of each of the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement, the SEB Issuing and Paying Agent 
Agreement, the Euroclear Agreement, the Deed of Covenant and the Guarantee as are applicable 
to them.  Copies of the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement, the SEB Issuing and Paying Agent 
Agreement, the Euroclear Agreement, the Deed of Covenant and the Guarantee are available for 
inspection by Securityholders during normal business hours at the Specified Offices of each of the 
Paying Agents, the initial Specified Offices of which are set out below. 
 
Type: The applicable Issue Terms will specify whether the Securities are Notes or Certificates. 
Notes will be issued in an amount equal to the Aggregate Nominal Amount and in the Specified 
Denomination(s) specified in the applicable Issue Terms. Certificates will be issued in the Number 
of Units and with the Specified Unit Value specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
2. 
INTERPRETATION 
 
Definitions 
In these General Conditions the following expressions have the following meanings: 
"Accrual Yield" means the rate specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"Additional Business Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms;  
"Administrator/Benchmark Event" means, in respect of any Securities, delivery of a notice by 
the Determination Agent to the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent specifying that any authorisation, 
registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision, approval or inclusion in any official

--- Page 130 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
Part 1: General Terms and Conditions 
 
 
130 
 
register in respect of the Relevant Benchmark or the administrator or sponsor of the Relevant 
Benchmark has not been, or will not be, obtained or has been, or will be, rejected, refused, 
suspended or withdrawn by the relevant competent authority or other relevant official body, in 
each case with the effect that any of the Issuer, the Determination Agent or the Calculation Agent 
is not, or will not be, permitted under any applicable law or regulation to use the Relevant 
Benchmark to perform its of their respective obligations in respect of the Securities. For the 
avoidance of doubt, Administrator/Benchmark Event shall not apply where the Relevant Rates 
Benchmark is SOFR (see Condition 6.8 (Provisions specific to SOFR as Reference Rate) below); 
"Administrator/Benchmark Event Date" means, in respect of any Securities and an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event, the date on which the authorisation, registration, recognition, 
endorsement, equivalence decision, approval or inclusion in any official register is: 
(i) 
required under any applicable law or regulation; or 
(ii) 
rejected, refused, suspended or withdrawn, if the applicable law or regulation provides that 
the Relevant Benchmark is not permitted to be used under the Securities following 
rejection, refusal, suspension or withdrawal, or, in each case, if such date occurs before the 
Issue Date, the Issue Date; 
"Aggregate Nominal Amount" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the amount specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms; 
"Alternative Pre-nominated Index" means, in respect of a Relevant Benchmark, the first of the 
indices, benchmarks or other price sources specified in the applicable Issue Terms as an 
"Alternative Pre-nominated Index" that is not subject to an Administrator/ Benchmark Event or 
(in the case of Equity-Linked Securities) an Index Cancellation or an Index Modification or (in the 
case of Commodity-Linked Securities which reference a Commodity Index) a Commodity Index 
Cancellation or a Commodity Index Modification; 
"Benchmark" means the Secured Overnight Financing Rate with the applicable period of maturity 
(which shall be daily); provided that if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark 
Replacement Date have occurred with respect to the Secured Overnight Financing Rate with the 
applicable period of maturity (which shall be daily), or the then-current Benchmark, then 
"Benchmark" means the applicable Benchmark Replacement; 
"Benchmark Replacement" means the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be 
determined by the Issuer or its designee as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(i) 
the sum of: (i) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected or recommended by the 
Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark for the 
applicable Corresponding Tenor and (ii) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
(ii) 
the sum of: (i) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (ii) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
(iii) 
the sum of: (i) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by the Issuer or its designee 
as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark for the applicable Corresponding Tenor 
giving due consideration to any industry-accepted rate of interest as a replacement for the 
then-current Benchmark for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate notes at such time and 
(ii) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
"Benchmark Replacement Adjustment" means the first alternative set forth in the order below 
that can be determined by the Issuer or its designee as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(i) 
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, 
(which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected or 
recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for the applicable Unadjusted 
Benchmark Replacement; 
(ii) 
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to the ISDA Fallback 
Rate, then the ISDA Fallback Adjustment;

--- Page 131 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
Part 1: General Terms and Conditions 
 
 
131 
 
(iii) 
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been 
selected by the Issuer or its designee giving due consideration to any industry-accepted 
spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for 
the replacement of the then-current Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted 
Benchmark Replacement for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate notes at such time; 
"Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes" means, with respect to any Benchmark 
Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the 
definition of "Interest Period", timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments 
of interest and/or principal, changes to the definition of "Corresponding Tenor" solely when such 
tenor is longer than the Interest Period or other period relating to the determination of the relevant 
rate, and other administrative matters) that the Issuer or its designee decides may be appropriate 
to reflect the adoption of such Benchmark Replacement in a manner substantially consistent with 
market practice (or, if the Issuer or its designee decides that adoption of any portion of such market 
practice is not administratively feasible or if the Issuer or its designee determines that no market 
practice for use of the Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner as the Issuer or its 
designee determines is reasonably necessary); 
"Benchmark Replacement Date" means the earliest to occur of the following events with respect 
to the then-current Benchmark: 
(i) 
in the case of limb (i) or (ii) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition Event", the later 
of (i) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein and 
(ii) the date on which the administrator of the Benchmark permanently or indefinitely 
ceases to provide the Benchmark; or 
(ii) 
in the case of limb (iii) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition Event", the date of the 
public statement or publication of information referenced therein. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event giving rise to the Benchmark Replacement Date occurs on 
the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any determination, the 
Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference Time for 
such determination; 
"Benchmark Transition Event" means the occurrence of one or more of the following events 
with respect to the then-current Benchmark: 
(i) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of 
the Benchmark announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide 
the Benchmark, permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement 
or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the 
Benchmark; 
(ii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the Benchmark, the central bank for the currency of the Benchmark, an 
insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark, a 
resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark or a court 
or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for the 
Benchmark, which states that the administrator of the Benchmark has ceased or will cease 
to provide the Benchmark permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such 
statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide 
the Benchmark; or 
(iii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the Benchmark announcing that the Benchmark is no longer 
representative; 
"Broken Amount" means the amount specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"Business Day" means any day, other than a Saturday or Sunday;

--- Page 132 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
Part 1: General Terms and Conditions 
 
 
132 
 
(i) 
that is neither a legal holiday nor a day on which banking institutions are authorised or 
required by law or regulation to close (a) for Securities denominated in U.S. Dollars, in 
The City of New York, or (b) for Securities denominated in Sterling, in London, or (c) 
for Securities denominated in Australian Dollars, in Sydney, or (d) for Securities 
denominated in a Specified Currency other than U.S. Dollars, euro, Sterling or Australian 
Dollars, in the principal financial centre of the country of the Specified Currency, and (e) 
in each (if any) Additional Business Centre; and 
(ii) 
for Securities denominated in euro, that is also a TARGET Settlement Day and a day that 
is neither a legal holiday nor a day on which banking institutions are authorised or 
required by law or regulation to close in each (if any) Additional Business Centre,  
and, in each case, if "Additional Business Centre" is specified to be or to include: (i) "U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day", then "Business Day" shall also be any day other than a 
Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association 
recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for 
purposes of trading in U.S. government securities; or (ii) "TARGET" or "TARGET Settlement 
Day", then "Business Day" shall include a TARGET Settlement Day; 
"Business Day Convention", in relation to any particular date referred to in the Base Conditions 
or in the applicable Issue Terms which is specified to be adjusted in accordance with a Business 
Day Convention, the convention for adjusting such date if it would otherwise fall on a day that is 
not a Business Day, and means any one or more of: Following Business Day Convention, Modified 
Following Business Day Convention (or Modified Business Day Convention), Preceding Business 
Day Convention, FRN Convention (or Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar Convention) or No 
Adjustment (or Unadjusted), as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. In this context, if the 
Business Day Convention specified in the relevant Issue Terms is: 
(i) 
"Following Business Day Convention", the relevant date shall be postponed to the first 
following day that is a Business Day; 
(ii) 
"Modified Following Business Day Convention" or "Modified Business Day 
Convention", the relevant date shall be postponed to the first following day that is a 
Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month in which case that date will 
be the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(iii) 
"Preceding Business Day Convention", the relevant date shall be brought forward to the 
first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(iv) 
"FRN Convention", "Floating Rate Convention" or "Eurodollar Convention", each 
relevant date shall be the date which numerically corresponds to the preceding such date in 
the calendar month which is the number of months specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
as the Specified Period after the calendar month in which the preceding such date occurred 
provided, however, that: 
(a) 
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which 
any such date should occur, then such date will be the last day which is a Business 
Day in that calendar month; 
(b) 
if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then 
such date will be the first following day which is a Business Day unless that day 
falls in the next calendar month, in which case it will be the first preceding day 
which is a Business Day; and 
(c) 
if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month which was a 
Business Day, then all subsequent such dates will be the last day which is a Business 
Day in the calendar month which is the specified number of months after the 
calendar month in which the preceding such date occurred; and 
(v) 
"No Adjustment" or "Unadjusted", the relevant date shall not be adjusted in accordance 
with any Business Day Convention,

--- Page 133 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
Part 1: General Terms and Conditions 
 
 
133 
 
provided that if ISDA Determination, "2021 ISDA Definitions" and "Unscheduled Holiday" are 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, then in the case where Modified Following Business Day 
Convention, Modified Business Day Convention, Preceding Business Day Convention, FRN 
Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar Convention  apply to a particular date and 
that date would otherwise fall on a day that is not a Business Day as a result of an Unscheduled 
Holiday (as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions but disregarding references to Valuation 
Business Day and Exercise Business Day and construing references to the Confirmation to mean 
the applicable Issue Terms) notwithstanding the provisions of (ii) to (iv) above, such day will 
instead fall on the first following day that is a Business Day; 
"Calculation Agent" means, in respect of any Securities, the Fiscal Agent or such other Person 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms as the party responsible for calculating the Rate(s) of 
Interest and Interest Amount(s), subject as otherwise provided in these Conditions (including, 
without limitation, as provided in Condition 6 (Floating Rate Security, Equity-Linked, Commodity-
Linked, Currency-Linked, Inflation-Linked, Fund-Linked and Futures Contract-Linked Interest 
Provisions)), and/or any other amount(s) which may be specified as being calculated by the 
Calculation Agent in the Conditions; 
"Calculation Amount" means, unless otherwise specified in the Issue Terms, (a) in relation to 
any Series of Notes, (i) where the Notes have only one Specified Denomination, such Specified 
Denomination; and (ii) where Notes of such Series may have more than one Specified 
Denomination, the lowest common factor of those Specified Denominations, and (b) in relation to 
any Series of Certificates, the Specified Unit Value; 
"Call Option Date(s)" means, if applicable in respect of any Series of Securities, the date(s) 
specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"Cash Settlement Securities" means Securities specified as being Securities to which Cash 
Settlement applies in the applicable Issue Terms or Securities specified as being Securities to 
which either Physical Settlement or Cash Settlement applies in the applicable Issue Terms and 
where the conditions to the application of Cash Settlement have been satisfied; 
"Clearstream, Luxembourg" means Clearstream Banking, société anonyme, Luxembourg; 
"CMS Reference Rate" means the rate determined in accordance with Condition 6.7 (CMS Rate 
Determination); 
"CMS Reference Rate 1" means the CMS Reference Rate specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms and the terms "Relevant Swap Rate", "Reference Currency", "Designated Maturity", 
"Relevant Screen Page", "Relevant Time" and "Interest Determination Date" and any other 
relevant term will each be specified in the applicable Issue Terms under the heading "CMS 
Reference Rate 1"; 
"CMS Reference Rate 2" means the CMS Reference Rate specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms and the terms "Relevant Swap Rate", "Reference Currency", "Designated Maturity", 
"Relevant Screen Page", "Relevant Time" and "Interest Determination Date" and any other 
relevant term will each be specified in the applicable Issue Terms under the heading "CMS 
Reference Rate 2"; 
"CNY Securities" means Securities denominated in CNY or Renminbi deliverable in Hong Kong, 
or such other CNY Centre as specified in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"Corresponding Tenor" with respect to a Benchmark Replacement means a tenor (including 
overnight) having approximately the same length (disregarding business day adjustment) as the 
applicable tenor for the then-current Benchmark; 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period of time 
(the "Calculation Period"), such day count fraction as may be specified in the Base Conditions 
or the applicable Issue Terms and: 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is so specified, means a fraction equal to "number 
of days accrued/number of days in year", as such terms are used in Rule 251 of 
the statutes, by-laws and recommendations of the International Capital Markets 
Association (the "ICMA Rule Book"), calculated in accordance with Rule 251 
of the ICMA Rule Book as applied to non-U.S. Dollar denominated straight and

--- Page 134 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
Part 1: General Terms and Conditions 
 
 
134 
 
convertible bonds issued after 31 December 1998, as though the interest coupon 
on a bond were being calculated for a coupon period corresponding to the 
Calculation Period in respect of which payment is being made; 
(ii) 
if "Actual/Actual" or "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" is so specified, means the actual 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of 
the Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of 
days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 
366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period 
falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(iii) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(iv) 
if "Actual/365L" is so specified, the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365 (or, if the last day of the Calculation Period falls in a leap 
year, 366); 
(v) 
if "Actual/360" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360; 
(vi) 
if "30/360" or "30/360 (ICMA)", is so specified, means the number of days in 
the relevant period (calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days consisting of 
12 months of 30 days each and, in the case of an incomplete month, the actual 
number of days elapsed) divided by 360; 
(vii) 
if "30/360 (ISDA)", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is so specified, the number of 
days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360×(Y2 - Y1 )]+[30×(M2 - M1 )]+(D2 - D1 )
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 
29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(viii) if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is so specified, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360×(Y2 - Y1 )]+[30×(M2 - M1 )]+(D2 - D1 )
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls;

--- Page 135 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
Part 1: General Terms and Conditions 
 
 
135 
 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will 
be 30; and 
(ix) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360×(Y2 - Y1 )]+[30×(M2 - M1 )]+(D2 - D1 )
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) 
that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will 
be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the 
Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30, 
provided, however, that in each such case the number of days in the Calculation Period is 
calculated from and including the first day of the Calculation Period to but excluding the last day 
of the Calculation Period; and 
(x) 
"1/1" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 1; 
"Designated Maturity" means (i) for the purposes of a determination of the CMS Reference Rate, 
a period of time specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms corresponding to such CMS 
Reference Rate, and (ii) for any other purposes, a period of time specified as such in the applicable 
Issue Terms; 
"Determination Agent" means MSI plc or, if different in relation to any Series of Securities, the 
Person or entity specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms;  
"Determination Agent Fallback" has the meaning given in Condition 6.7 (CMS Rate 
Determination); 
"Early Redemption Amount" means, in the case of Condition 21 (Events of Default) or Condition 
33 (Inconvertibility Events), 
(i) 
in the case of Zero Coupon Securities, such amount as may be specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms or, if applicable, determined in accordance with Condition 16.8 (Early 
Redemption of Zero Coupon Securities);

--- Page 136 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
Part 1: General Terms and Conditions 
 
 
136 
 
(ii) 
in the case of Preference Share-Linked Securities where the applicable Issue Terms specify 
"Early Preference Share Redemption Security Amount" as being applicable, the Early 
Preference Share Redemption Security Amount as defined in Condition 14.8 (Definitions 
applicable to Preference Share-Linked Securities); and 
(iii) 
in the case of any other Securities, such amount as may be specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms or, if no other amount is specified, 
(a)  
if "Accrued Value" is, in relation to Condition 21 (Events of Default) or Condition 
33 (Inconvertibility Events), specified as being applicable in respect of such Security 
in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount equal to the sum of: 
(A) 
the product of (a) the Calculation Amount of such Security and (b) the 
percentage produced by the following formula: 
Reference Price × (1+Accrual Yield)n 
where "n" means the number of years from (and including) the Issue Date (or 
such other date as may be specified in the applicable Issue Terms as the 
"Accrued Value Commencement Date") to (but excluding) the date fixed for 
redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which the Security becomes 
due and payable and the calculation shall be made on the basis of such Day 
Count Fraction as may be specified in the applicable Issue Terms or, if none 
is so specified, a Day Count Fraction of 30/360; and 
(B) 
accrued interest (if any).  
(b) 
if "Fixed Redemption" is, in relation to Condition 21 (Events of Default) or 
Condition 33 (Inconvertibility Events), specified as being applicable in respect of 
the Securities in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount per Calculation Amount 
equal to the product of the Specified Rate and the Calculation Amount, together with 
accrued interest (if any); or 
(c) 
if "Qualified Financial Institution Determination" is, in relation to Condition 14.5 
(Extraordinary Events), Condition 21 (Events of Default) or Condition 33 
(Inconvertibility Events), specified as being applicable in respect of the Securities in 
the applicable Issue Terms, an amount determined by the Determination Agent, 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, as at such date as is 
selected by the Determination Agent in its reasonable discretion (provided that 
such day is not more than 15 Business Days prior to the date fixed for redemption 
of the Securities) to be the amount that a Qualified Financial Institution would 
charge to assume all of the Issuer's payment and other obligations with respect to 
such Securities as if no such Event of Default had occurred or to undertake 
obligations that would have the effect of preserving the economic equivalent of any 
payment by the Issuer to the Securityholder with respect to the Securities; 
(d) 
if "Theoretical Value" is specified as being applicable in respect of such Security 
in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount equal to the fair market value of such 
Security on the day that is two Business Days prior to the date of redemption of the 
Security, as determined by the Determination Agent, acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner, by reference to factors that the Determination 
Agent considers relevant, including without limitation, the then (a) interest rates and, 
(b) the value of each embedded derivative but (c) if the relevant Early Redemption 
Event is an Event of Default, disregarding any change in the creditworthiness of the 
Issuer since the initial Trade Date; 
"Early Redemption Amount (Tax)" means: 
(i) 
if "Early Redemption Amount (Tax) – Fair Market Value Less Costs" is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms with respect to any Security, an amount (determined by the 
Determination Agent, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) equal 
to the fair market value of such Security on such day as is selected by the Determination

--- Page 137 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
Part 1: General Terms and Conditions 
 
 
137 
 
Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, less the proportion 
attributable to that Security of the reasonable cost to the Issuer and/or any Affiliate of, or 
the loss realised by the Issuer and/or any Affiliate on, unwinding any related hedging 
arrangements;  
(ii) 
if "Early Redemption Amount (Tax) – Fair Market Value" is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms with respect to any Security, an amount (determined by the Determination 
Agent, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) equal to the fair 
market value of such Security on such day as is selected by the Determination Agent acting 
in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner; or 
(iii) 
if "Early Redemption Amount (Tax) – Par" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
an amount equal to the principal amount (in the case of Notes) or Specified Unit Value (in 
the case of Certificates) of such Security, together with accrued interest (if any); 
"ECB" means the European Central Bank (or its successor); 
"ECB €STR Guideline" means Guideline (EU) 2019/1265 of the ECB of 10 July 2019 on the 
euro short-term rate (€STR) (ECB/2019/19), as amended from time to time; 
"ECB's Website" means the website of the ECB, currently at www.ecb.europa.eu or any successor 
source officially designated by the ECB; 
"EEA" means the European Economic Area; 
"€STR", in respect of any TARGET Settlement Day, means the euro-short term rate administered 
by the ECB (or any successor administrator) for such TARGET Settlement Day and published on 
the ECB's Website (or any other authorised source) as of 9:00 a.m. (Frankfurt time) or, in case a 
revised euro short-term rate is published as provided in Article 4 subsection 3 of the ECB €STR 
Guideline as of 11:00 a.m. (Frankfurt time), such revised interest rate (or any amended publication 
time as specified by the administrator of the euro-short term rate in the euro-short term rate 
benchmark methodology) and as then published on the Relevant Screen Page or, if the Relevant 
Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by the administrator of €STR or such 
authorised distributors, in each case on the TARGET Settlement Day immediately following such 
TARGET Settlement Day; 
"€STR Rate Cut-Off Date" means the date that is the number of TARGET Settlement Days 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms (or if none are specified, the second TARGET Settlement 
Day) prior to the Maturity Date or the redemption date, as applicable;  
"Euroclear" means Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V.; 
"Euroclear Registrar" has the meaning given to it in Condition 1.5 (Euroclear Agreement); 
"Extraordinary Resolution" has the meaning given in the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement; 
"Fallback Rate Determination" means, in respect of a CMS Reference Rate, any of the following 
as specified in the applicable Issue Terms as an alternative basis for determining the CMS 
Reference Rate: (i) Fallback Screen Page, (iii) Mid-Market Quotations, and (iii) Determination 
Agent Fallback; 
"Fallback Screen Page" has the meaning given in Condition 6.7 (CMS Rate Determination); 
"Fallback SOFR" with respect to any day means the secured overnight financing rate published 
for such day by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as the administrator of the benchmark, 
(or a successor administrator) on the Federal Reserve Bank of New York's Website; 
"Federal Reserve Bank of New York's Website" means the website of the Federal Reserve Bank 
of New York, currently at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor source; 
"Final Bonus Amount" means the amount, if any, specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"Final Redemption Amount" means, (i) in respect of Linked-Redemption Securities, an amount 
determined in accordance with such provisions of the Additional Terms and Conditions as are 
specified as being applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, and (ii) in respect of any other Security, 
its principal amount (in the case of Notes) or Specified Unit Value (in the case of Certificates)

--- Page 138 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
Part 1: General Terms and Conditions 
 
 
138 
 
(which may be expressed as a percentage of the Calculation Amount or an amount per Calculation 
Amount) as may be specified in the applicable Issue Terms, in each case, if "Final Bonus" is 
specified as being applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, plus the Final Bonus Amount; 
"Finnish CSD" means a duly authorised Finnish central securities depository (Fi.:  
Arvopaperikeskus) under Act on the Book-Entry System and Clearing Operations (Fi.: Arvo-
osuusjärjestelmästä ja selvitystoiminnasta annettu laki) and the Finnish legislation governing 
book-entry accounts as well as the regulations and decisions of Euroclear Finland  (Fi.: Laki arvo-
osuustileistä sekä Euroclear Finlandin säännöt ja toimitusjohtajan päätökset), which is expected 
to be Euroclear Finland Oy, Urho Kekkosen katu 5 C, Box 1110, FI-00101 Helsinki, Finland; 
"Finnish Issuing Agent" means a duly authorised issuing agent under the relevant NCSD Rules 
and designated as such by the Issuer in Part B of the relevant Issue Terms; 
"Finnish Securities" means any Tranche of Securities issued by MSBV or, as applicable, MSI 
plc, and designated by the Issuer as "Finnish Securities" in the paragraph "Form of the Securities" 
of the applicable Issue Terms; 
"Fitch" means Fitch Ratings, Inc.; 
"Fixed Coupon Amount" means the amount, if any, specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms; 
"Fixed Interest Rate" means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of interest 
as specified in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"Fixed Leg Day Count Basis" means the Day Count Fraction specified as such in the applicable 
Issue Terms; 
"Floating Interest Rate" means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of interest 
determined in accordance with Condition 6 (Floating Rate Security, Equity-Linked, Commodity-
Linked, Currency-Linked, Inflation-Linked, Fund-Linked and Futures Contract-Linked Interest 
Provisions); 
"Floating Leg Day Count Basis" means the Day Count Fraction specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms; 
"Floating Leg Rate Option" means the Floating Rate Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) 
specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"Implementation of Financial Transaction Tax Event" means that, on or after the Trade Date 
of any Securities, due to the adoption of or any change in any applicable law or regulation 
(including without limitation any law or regulation implementing a system of financial transaction 
taxes in any jurisdiction, including the European Union relating to any tax, payable in respect of 
the transfer of, or issue or modification or redemption of, any financial instruments), the Issuer 
determines (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) that either it or any of 
its Affiliates would incur or has incurred a materially increased amount of tax, transfer tax, duty, 
stamp duty, stamp duty reserve tax, expense or fee (other than brokerage commissions) to (A) 
enter into, modify or unwind the Securities or any part thereof, or perform its obligations under 
such Securities, including for the avoidance of doubt any obligation or exercise of any right to 
deliver Shares or any other asset or (B) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind 
or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the risk of entering into 
and performing its obligations with respect to the relevant Securities or (C) realise, recover or 
remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s), provided that the Issuer has determined 
that the nature of the adoption of or any change in law or regulation is such that it is applicable to 
investors generally when carrying out similar trading or hedging activities in the relevant 
jurisdiction.  
"Interest Amount" means, in relation to a Security and an Interest Period, the amount of interest 
payable in respect of that Security for that Interest Period; 
"Interest Basis" means, in respect of each type of Securities specified in the Conditions, the 
relevant provisions applicable to such type of Securities for determining or calculating the interest 
on such Securities as set out in the Conditions, which shall be in respect of: (i) Fixed Rate 
Securities, the Fixed Rate Security Provisions, (ii) Step-Up Securities, the Step-Up Security 
Provisions, (iii) Step-Down Securities, the Step-Down Security Provisions, (iv) Fixed to Floating

--- Page 139 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
Part 1: General Terms and Conditions 
 
 
139 
 
Rate Securities, the Fixed to Floating Rate Security Provisions, (v) Capped Floating Rate 
Securities, the Capped Floating Rate Security Provisions, (vi) Floored Floating Rate Securities, 
the Floored Floating Rate Security Provisions, (vii) Collared Floating Rate Securities, the Collared 
Floating Rate Security Provisions, (viii) Floating to Fixed Rate Securities, the Floating to Fixed 
Rate Securities Provisions, (ix) Range Accrual Securities, the Range Accrual Security Provisions, 
(x) Barrier Securities, the Barrier Security Provisions, (xi) the Steepener Securities, the Steepener 
Security Provisions, (xii) Digital Option Securities, the Digital Option Security Provisions, (xiii) 
Inverse Floater Securities, the Inverse Floater Security Provisions, and (xiv) Switchable Securities, 
the Switchable Security Provisions; 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the Issue Date of the Securities or such other date as may 
be specified as the Interest Commencement Date in the applicable Issue Terms. Where the 
Securities have more than one Interest Basis, an Interest Commencement Date will be specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms in respect of each such Interest Basis; 
"Interest Determination Date" means if the applicable Issue Terms specify: (i) "Daily Rate 
Determination" to be applicable, in respect of a Reference Rate for any relevant day, the Interest 
Determination Date shall be such relevant day, (ii) "Periodic Rate Determination" to be 
applicable, in respect of a Reference Rate for any Interest Period, the Interest Determination Date 
shall be the date or dates, if any, specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, or (iii) SOFR, 
SONIA, €STR, SARON or TONA as the applicable Reference Rate, the Interest Determination 
Date(s) shall be the Interest Period End Date at the end of each Interest Period (or such other date 
or dates, if any, specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms); provided that if any of SOFR 
Compound with Payment Delay, SONIA Compound with Payment Delay, €STR Compound with 
Payment Delay, SARON Compound with Payment Delay or TONA Compound with Payment 
Delay applies, the Interest Determination Date with respect to the final Interest Period for SOFR, 
SONIA, €STR, SARON or TONA (as the case may be) will be the SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date, the 
SONIA Rate Cut-Off Date, the €STR Rate Cut-Off Date, the SARON Rate Cut-Off Date or the 
TONA Rate Cut-Off Date, respectively, provided that, (i) if any such date is not a Scheduled 
Trading Day, the relevant Interest Determination Date shall (A) in relation to any Commodity-
Linked Securities, fall on the next succeeding Scheduled Trading Day; (B) in the case of Equity-
Linked Securities, be the next succeeding Scheduled Trading Day or, if either "Common 
Scheduled Trading Days and Common Disrupted Days" or "Common Scheduled Trading Days 
and Individual Disrupted Days" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the next 
succeeding Common Scheduled Trading Day; (C) in the case of Fund-Linked Securities, be the 
next succeeding Fund Business Day or, if either "Common Fund Business Days and Common 
Disrupted Days" or "Common Fund Business Days and Individual Disrupted Days" is specified to 
be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the next succeeding Common Fund Business Day; or 
(D) in the case of Futures Contract-Linked Securities, be the next succeeding Scheduled Trading 
Day or, if either "Common Scheduled Trading Days and Common Disrupted Days" or "Common 
Scheduled Trading Days and Individual Disrupted Days" is specified to be applicable in the 
relevant Issue Terms, the next succeeding Common Scheduled Trading Day and (ii) if any Interest 
Determination Date is (x) in the case of Equity-Linked Securities, Fund-Linked Securities or 
Futures Contract-Linked Securities, a Disrupted Day, the provisions of Condition 9.1 (Market 
Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging Dates) or Condition 13.1 (Market Disruption, 
Reference Dates and Averaging Dates) or Condition 15.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates 
and Averaging Dates) (as the case may be) shall apply mutatis mutandis as if such Interest 
Determination Date were a Reference Date; (y) in the case of Commodity-Linked Securities, a day 
on which there has been a correction to a previously published or announced price in accordance 
with Condition 10.1 (Corrections to Published Prices) or a day on which a Commodity Disruption 
Event or a Commodity Index Disruption Event (as the case may be) has occurred or is continuing, 
such Interest Determination Date shall be subject to adjustment in accordance with Condition 10 
(Provisions Relating to Commodity-Linked Securities) as if such date were a Pricing Date or a 
Common Pricing Date (as applicable); or (z) in the case of Inflation-Linked Securities, a day on 
which a relevant Inflation Index is not published or otherwise, a day on which the level of a 
relevant Inflation Index cannot be determined in accordance with Condition 12 (Provisions 
Relating to Inflation-Linked Securities), such Interest Determination Date shall be subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the provisions of such Condition 12 (Provisions Relating to 
Inflation-Linked Securities); 
"Interest Participation Rate" means, in respect of any Interest Rate or Reference Rate (each a 
"Relevant Rate") for a relevant day (including an Interest Payment Date) and/or for an Interest

--- Page 140 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
Part 1: General Terms and Conditions 
 
 
140 
 
Period ending on (but excluding) an Interest Payment Date, the amount or percentage rate specified 
as such in the applicable Issue Terms in respect of such Relevant Rate for such day and/or such 
Interest Period, or, if a Rate Table is set out in the applicable Issue Terms, each amount or 
percentage rate specified in the Rate Table in the column headed "Interest Participation Rate" in 
the row corresponding to such day or corresponding to the date (specified in the column "Interest 
Payment Date(s)") on which such Interest Payment Date is scheduled to fall, provided that if the 
applicable Issue Terms specify Interest Participation Rate to be not applicable, it shall be deemed 
to be equal to one. Where the applicable Issue Terms specify more than one Interest Participation 
Rate for different Relevant Rates, the Interest Participation Rate will be construed to apply to each 
Relevant Rate for each relevant day (including an Interest Payment Date) and/or each Interest 
Period; 
"Interest Participation Rate 1" means the Interest Participation Rate specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms; 
"Interest Participation Rate 2" means the Interest Participation Rate specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms; 
"Interest Payment Date" means: 
(i) if none of SOFR Compound with Payment Delay, SONIA Compound with Payment 
Delay, €STR Compound with Payment Delay, SARON Compound with 
Payment Delay or TONA Compound with Payment Delay are specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms as applicable and Delayed Payment is not specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms as applicable in respect of any Overnight Floating Rate 
Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) or any Index Floating Rate Option 
(as defined in the ISDA Definitions), the Scheduled Interest Payment Date, if 
such date is specified in the Base Conditions or the applicable Issue Terms to be 
subject to adjustment in accordance with a Business Day Convention: 
(A) 
such date as adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day Convention; or 
(B) 
if the Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or 
Eurodollar Convention and an interval of a number of calendar months is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms as being the Specified Period, each of such dates as may occur in 
accordance with the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar Convention 
at such Specified Period of calendar months following the Interest Commencement Date 
(in the case of the first Interest Payment Date) or the previous Interest Payment Date (in 
any other case), 
provided that if the applicable Issue Terms specify "Interest Specified Day(s)" to be 
applicable and the Relevant Determination Date is adjusted in accordance with the 
Conditions, the Interest Payment Date shall instead be the day falling the number of Interest 
Specified Day(s) after the Relevant Determination Date, and no Securityholder shall be 
entitled to any interest or further payment in respect of such delay; or 
(ii) if:  
(A) 
any of SOFR Compound with Payment Delay, SONIA Compound with Payment Delay, 
€STR Compound with Payment Delay, SARON Compound with Payment Delay or TONA 
Compound with Payment Delay is specified in the relevant Issue Terms  as  applicable; or  
(B) 
Delayed Payment is specified in the relevant Issue Terms as applicable in respect of any 
Overnight Floating Rate Option or any Index Floating Rate Option,  
the number of Business Days equal to the Interest Payment Delay following each Interest Period 
End Date; provided that the Interest Payment Date with respect to the final Interest Period will be 
the Maturity Date or other date for redemption of the relevant Securities; 
"Interest Payment Delay" means: 
(i) as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, or if not so specified, (A) in respect of 
SOFR, two U.S. Government Securities Business Days, (B) in respect of 
SONIA, two London Banking Days, (C) in respect of €STR, two TARGET

--- Page 141 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
Part 1: General Terms and Conditions 
 
 
141 
 
Settlement Days, (D) in respect of SARON, two Zurich Banking Days and (E) 
in respect of TONA, two Tokyo Banking Days; or  
(ii) in respect of any Overnight Floating Rate Option (as defined in the ISDA 
Definitions) or any Index Floating Rate Option (as defined in the ISDA 
Definitions) where Delayed Payment is specified in the relevant Issue Terms as 
applicable, the number of Business Days specified in respect of Delayed 
Payment in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"Interest Period" means, subject as otherwise provided in the Conditions, each period beginning 
on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date or any Interest Period End Date and ending 
on (but excluding) the next Interest Period End Date or any other period specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms, subject to adjustment in accordance with the relevant Business Day 
Convention except where specified in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"Interest Period End Date" means each Interest Payment Date unless specified otherwise in the 
relevant Issue Terms; 
"Interest Specified Day(s)" means such number of Business Day(s), Clearing System Business 
Day(s) or calendar days as specified in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"ISDA Bespoke Fallbacks" means, in respect of any Floating Rate Option (as defined in the ISDA 
Definitions), fallbacks other than ISDA Generic Fallbacks; 
"ISDA Definitions" means: 
(i) 
for the purposes of Condition 6.8 (Provisions specific to SOFR as Reference Rate) or 
Condition 6.21 (CMS Reference Rate – Effect of Index Cessation Event), the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or any 
successor thereto, as amended or supplemented from time to time, or any successor 
definitional booklet for interest rate derivatives published from time to time including the 
2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions (as amended or supplemented from time 
to time); and  
(i) 
for all other purposes, (a) if "2006 ISDA Definitions" is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as amended and updated as at the date 
of issue of the first Tranche of the Securities of the relevant Series (as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms) as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives 
Association, Inc.; or (b) if "2021 ISDA Definitions" is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the latest version of the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives 
Definitions, including any Matrices referred to therein, as at the date of issue of the first 
Tranche of the Securities of the relevant Series (as specified in the applicable Issue Terms) 
as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc.;  
"ISDA Fallback Adjustment" means the spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative 
value or zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions to 
be determined upon the occurrence of an index cessation event with respect to the Benchmark for 
the applicable tenor; 
"ISDA Fallback Rate" means the rate that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing 
the ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the occurrence of an index cessation date with respect 
to the Benchmark for the applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment; 
"ISDA Generic Fallbacks" means any fallbacks would be required to be determined in 
accordance with Section 8.6 (Generic Fallback Provisions) of the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate 
Derivatives Definitions;  
"Issue Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"Linked Redemption Securities" has the meaning given to it in Condition 8 (Equity-Linked, 
Commodity-Linked, Currency-Linked, Inflation-Linked, Fund-Linked, Preference Share-Linked 
Securities and Futures Contract-Linked Securities); 
"London Banking Day" or "LBD" means any day on which commercial banks are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London;

--- Page 142 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
Part 1: General Terms and Conditions 
 
 
142 
 
"Margin"  means, in respect of any Interest Rate or Reference Rate (each a "Relevant Rate") for 
a relevant day (including an Interest Payment Date) and/or for an Interest Period ending on (but 
excluding) an Interest Payment Date, the percentage rate specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms in respect of such Relevant Rate for such day and/or such Interest Period, which shall be 
preceded with either a "+" (plus) or a "-" (minus) sign (provided that if the applicable Issue Terms 
specify Margin to be not applicable in respect of such Relevant Rate, it shall be deemed to be equal 
to zero), or  if a Rate Table is set out in the applicable Issue Terms, each percentage rate specified 
in the Rate Table in the column headed  "Margin" (which shall be preceded with either a "+" (plus) 
or a "-" (minus) sign) in the row corresponding to such day or corresponding to the date (specified 
in the column "Interest Payment Date(s)") on which such Interest Payment Date is scheduled to 
fall. Where the applicable Issue Terms specify more than one Margin for different Relevant Rates, 
the Margin will be construed to apply to each Relevant Rate for each relevant day (including an 
Interest Payment Date) and/or each Interest Period; 
"Margin 1" means the Margin specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"Margin 2" means the Margin specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"Market Exchange Rate" means the noon U.S. Dollar buying rate in The City of New York for 
cable transfers of a Specified Currency published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York; 
"Maturity Date" means the Scheduled Maturity Date, provided that if the applicable Issue Terms 
specify "Specified Day(s)" to be applicable and the Relevant Determination Date is adjusted in 
accordance with the Conditions, the Maturity Date shall instead be the day falling the number of 
Specified Day(s) after the Relevant Determination Date; 
"Mid-Market Quotations" means, in relation to the determination of any CMS Reference Rate, 
the bid and offered rates for the Specified Fixed Leg, calculated on the Fixed Leg Day Count Basis, 
of a fixed-for-floating Reference Currency interest rate swap transaction with a term equal to the 
Designated Maturity commencing on the first day of the relevant Interest Period or on any relevant 
day and in a Representative Amount with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap 
market, where the floating leg, in each case calculated on the Floating Leg Day Count Basis, is 
equivalent to floating leg Floating Rate Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) with a 
designated maturity determined by the Determination Agent by reference to standard market 
practice and/or the ISDA Definitions;  
"Moody's" means Moody's Investors Service, Inc.; 
"Morgan Stanley Securities" means all Securities issued by Morgan Stanley; 
"MSBV Securities" means all Securities issued by MSBV; 
"MSFL Securities" means all Securities issued by MSFL; 
"MSI plc Securities" means all Securities issued by MSI plc; 
"NCSD" means the Finnish CSD or the Swedish CSD, as applicable; 
"NCSD Register" means the book entry register maintained by the relevant NCSD on behalf of 
the Issuer in respect of the relevant Tranche of Nordic Securities; 
"NCSD Rules" means any Finnish or, as applicable, Swedish legislation, regulations, rules and 
operating procedures applicable to and/or issued by the relevant NCSD (including but not limited 
to, the Act on the Book-Entry System and Clearing Operations (Fi.: Arvo-osuusjärjestelmästä ja 
selvitystoiminnasta annettu laki)) and the Finnish legislation governing book-entry accounts as 
well as the regulations and decisions of Euroclear Finland (Fi.: Laki arvo-osuustileistä sekä 
Euroclear Finlandin säännöt ja toimitusjohtajan päätökset) and the Swedish Central Securities 
Depositories and Financial Instruments Accounts Act (Sw.: lag (1998:1479) lagen om 
värdepapperscentraler och kontoföring av finansiella instrument)); 
"Nordic Issuing Agent" means Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ), which may act as the 
Finnish Issuing Agent or Swedish Issuing Agent, as applicable; 
"Nordic Securities" means Finnish Securities or Swedish Securities, as applicable; 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Call)" means an amount per Calculation Amount determined 
by the Determination Agent in accordance with the following formula:

--- Page 143 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
Part 1: General Terms and Conditions 
 
 
143 
 
Optional Redemption Amount (Call) = Participation Rate (Call) × Calculation Amount; 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Put)" means an amount per Calculation Amount determined by 
the Determination Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Optional Redemption Amount (Put) = Participation Rate (Put) × Calculation Amount 
"Optional Redemption Date (Call) means, in relation to any Series of Securities, the date(s), if 
any, specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Date (Put)" means, in relation to any Series of Securities, the date, if any, 
specified as such in the applicable Put Option Notice; 
"Participating Member State" means a Member State of the European Union which adopts the 
euro as its lawful currency in accordance with the Treaty; 
"Participation Rate (Call)" means in respect of any Optional Redemption Date (Call), the 
percentage rate specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, or, if no such rate is specified, 100 
per cent; 
"Participation Rate (Put)" means a percentage rate specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms, or, if no such rate is specified, 100 per cent.; 
"Payment Business Day" means: 
(i) 
if the currency of payment is euro, any day which is a TARGET Settlement Day 
and a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in each (if 
any) Additional Business Centre;  
(ii) 
if the currency of payment is CNY, any day on which banks and foreign 
exchange markets are open for business and settlement of CNY payments in the 
Relevant Financial Centre, the place of payment and each (if any) Additional 
Business Centre (and if the Additional Business Centre is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms to be or to include TARGET, then a Payment Business 
Day shall also be a TARGET Settlement Day); or 
(iii) 
in any other case, any day which is a day on which dealings in foreign currencies 
may be carried on in the Principal Financial Centre of the currency of payment 
and in each (if any) Additional Business Centre (and if the Additional Business 
Centre is specified in the applicable Issue Terms to be or to include TARGET, 
then a Payment Business Day shall also be a TARGET Settlement Day); 
"Person" means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, 
association, organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having separate 
legal personality; 
"Physical Settlement Securities" means Securities specified as being Securities to which Physical 
Settlement applies, or Securities specified as being Securities to which either Physical Settlement 
or Cash Settlement applies in the applicable Issue Terms and where the conditions to the 
application of Physical Settlement have been satisfied; 
"Principal Financial Centre" means, in relation to any currency, the principal financial centre for 
that currency provided, however, that: 
(i) 
in relation to euro, it means the principal financial centre of such Member State 
of the European Communities as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the 
payee or (in the case of a calculation) by the Determination Agent; and 
(ii) 
in relation to Australian Dollars, it means Sydney and Melbourne and, in relation 
to New Zealand Dollars, it means Wellington and Auckland; 
"Put Option Exercise Date" means, if applicable in respect of any Series of Securities, the date 
specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"Put Option Exercise Period" means, if applicable in respect of any Series of Securities, the 
period specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms;

--- Page 144 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
Part 1: General Terms and Conditions 
 
 
144 
 
"Put Option Notice" means a notice which must be delivered to a Paying Agent by any 
Securityholder wanting to exercise a right to redeem a Security at the option of the Securityholder; 
"Put Option Receipt" means a receipt issued by a Paying Agent to a depositing Securityholder 
upon deposit of a Security with such Paying Agent by any Securityholder wanting to exercise a 
right to redeem a Security at the option of the Securityholder; 
"Qualified Financial Institution" means a financial institution organised under the laws of any 
jurisdiction in the United States of America, the European Union, the United Kingdom or Japan, 
which, as at the date the Determination Agent selects to determine the Early Redemption Amount, 
has outstanding debt obligations with a stated maturity of one year or less from the date of issue 
of such outstanding debt obligations, and such financial institution is rated either: 
(i) 
A2 or higher by Standard & Poor's Global Ratings or any successor, or any other 
comparable rating then used by that rating agency; or 
(ii) 
P-2 or higher by Moody's Investors Service, Inc. or any successor, or any other 
comparable rating then used by that rating agency, 
provided that, if no Qualified Financial Institution is reasonably available, then the Determination 
Agent shall, in good faith and acting in a commercially reasonable manner, select a financial 
institution of reputable standing organized under the laws of any jurisdiction in the United States 
of America, the European Union, the United Kingdom or Japan as a Qualified Financial Institution; 
"Qualifying Treaty" means an income tax treaty between a non-U.S. jurisdiction and the United 
States of America that provides for a zero per cent. rate of tax on "other income" earned by a 
resident of the non-U.S. jurisdiction from sources within the United States of America; 
"Rate Table" means a table specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"Rate of Interest" means, in respect of any relevant period or any relevant day (including any 
Interest Payment Date), the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of interest payable 
in respect of the Securities as specified in applicable Issue Terms or calculated or determined in 
accordance with the Base Conditions. If more than one Rate of Interest is specified for the 
Securities, "Rate of Interest" shall be construed to refer to each rate defined or specified as such in 
respect of the relevant period or day as specified in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"Redemption Amount" means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the Optional 
Redemption Amount (Call), the Optional Redemption Amount (Put), the Early Redemption 
Amount, Physical Delivery Amount, the Automatic Early Redemption Amount or such other 
amount in the nature of a redemption amount as may be specified in the applicable Issue Terms or 
determined in accordance with the Base Conditions; 
"Redemption Expenses" means, in respect of any Security or Securities, any expenses (other than 
in relation to Taxes) payable on or in respect of or in connection with the redemption of such 
Security or Securities; 
"Reference Banks" means the banks specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms or, if none 
are specified, four major banks selected by the Determination Agent in the market that is most 
closely connected with the Reference Rate. Where the applicable Issue Terms specifies "CMS 
Rate Determination" to be applicable, "Reference Rate" shall be construed to include a CMS 
Reference Rate. If more than one Reference Rate is specified, "Reference Rate" shall be construed 
to refer to each rate defined or specified as such, or determined, in respect of the relevant period 
or day as specified in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"Reference Price" has the meaning given in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"Reference Rate" means in respect of any relevant period or day, any of the following as specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms: (i) a Fixed Interest Rate, (ii) a Floating Interest Rate, or (iii) any 
interest rate, swap rate, index, benchmark or price source specified as a "Reference Rate" in the 
applicable Issue Terms, or determined in accordance with the Base Conditions, in each case, for 
such period or such day;

--- Page 145 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
Part 1: General Terms and Conditions 
 
 
145 
 
"Reference Time" with respect to any determination of the Benchmark means the time determined 
by the Issuer or its designee in accordance with the Benchmark Replacement Conforming 
Changes; 
"Register" has the meaning given to it in the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement; 
"Regulatory Event" means that, at any time on or after the Trade Date, as a result of: 
(i) 
an implementation or adoption of, or change in, any applicable law, regulation, 
interpretation, action or response of a regulatory authority; 
(ii) 
the promulgation of, or any interpretation by any court, tribunal, government or regulatory 
authority with competent jurisdiction (a "Relevant Authority") of, any relevant law or 
regulation (including any action taken by a taxing authority); or 
(iii) 
the public or private statement or action by, or response of, any Relevant Authority or any 
official or representative of any Relevant Authority acting in an official capacity, 
there is a reasonable likelihood of it becoming: 
(A) 
unlawful, impossible or impracticable, for the Issuer and/or the Guarantor to 
maintain the Securities and/or to maintain other instruments issued under the 
Program and/or to perform its obligations under the Securities; and/or 
(B) 
necessary for the Issuer and/or the Guarantor to obtain a licence, authorisation or 
other approval for the continuation or maintenance of the business relating to or 
supporting the Securities or their hedging activities in relation to such Securities.  
"Relevant Benchmark" means a Relevant Commodity Benchmark, a Relevant Equity Index 
Benchmark, a Relevant FX Benchmark, a Relevant Rates Benchmark or a Relevant Futures 
Contract Benchmark; 
"Relevant Clearing System" means, as appropriate, Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or Euroclear 
and/or such other relevant clearing system, as the case may be, through which interests in 
Securities are to be held and through an account at which the Securities are to be cleared, as 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"Relevant Date" means, in relation to any payment, whichever is the later of (a) the date on which 
the payment in question first becomes due and (b) if the full amount payable has not been received 
in the Principal Financial Centre of the currency of payment by the Fiscal Agent on or prior to 
such due date, the date on which (the full amount having been so received) notice to that effect has 
been given to the Securityholders; 
"Relevant Determination Date" means, in respect of Securities which are: 
(i) 
Single Share Securities, Single Index Securities or Single ETF Securities and: 
(A) 
a Reference Date in respect of the Share, Index or ETF, such Reference Date 
following adjustment (if any) in accordance with Condition 9.1 (Market Disruption, 
Reference Dates and Averaging Dates); and 
(B) 
an Averaging Date in respect of the Share, Index or ETF, such Averaging Date 
following adjustment (if any) in accordance with Condition 9.1 (Market Disruption, 
Reference Dates and Averaging Dates); 
(ii) 
Share Basket Securities, Index Basket Securities or ETF Basket Securities and: 
(A) 
a Reference Date in respect of the Shares, Indices or ETFs, if such Reference Date 
(following adjustment (if any) in accordance with Condition 9.1 (Market Disruption, 
Reference Dates and Averaging Dates)) (I) for two or more Shares, Indices or ETFs 
falls on different dates, the date which is the latest to occur, as determined by the 
Determination Agent or (II) for all of the Shares, Indices or ETFs falls on the same 
date, such same date, as determined by the Determination Agent; and 
(B) 
an Averaging Date in respect of the Shares, Indices or ETFs, if such Averaging Date 
(following adjustment (if any) in accordance with Condition 9.1 (Market Disruption, 
Reference Dates and Averaging Dates)) (I) for two or more Shares, Indices or ETFs 
falls on different dates, the date which is the latest to occur, as determined by the

--- Page 146 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
Part 1: General Terms and Conditions 
 
 
146 
 
Determination Agent or (II) for all of the Shares, Indices or ETFs falls on the same 
date, such same date, as determined by the Determination Agent; 
(iii) 
Commodity-Linked Securities, a Pricing Date following adjustment (if any) in accordance 
with General Condition 10.4;  
(iv) 
Single Currency Linked Securities and: 
(A) 
a Valuation Date in respect of the Currency Pair, such Valuation Date following 
adjustment (if any) in accordance with Conditions 11.1 (Valuation Date, Interest 
Determination Date, Observation Date, Determination Date) and 11.2 (Averaging); 
and 
(B) 
an Averaging Date in respect of the Currency Pair, such Averaging Date following 
adjustment (if any) in accordance with Conditions 11.1 (Valuation Date, Interest 
Determination Date, Observation Date, Determination Date) and 11.2 (Averaging); 
(v) 
Currency Basket-Linked Securities and: 
(A) 
a Valuation Date in respect of the Currency Pairs, if such Valuation Date (following 
adjustment (if any) in accordance with Conditions 11.1 (Valuation Date, Interest 
Determination Date, Observation Date, Determination Date) and 11.2 (Averaging)) 
(I) for two or more Currency Pairs falls on different dates, the date which is the latest 
to occur, as determined by the Determination Agent or (II) for all of the Currency 
Pairs falls on the same date, such same date, as determined by the Determination 
Agent; and 
(B) 
an Averaging Date in respect of the Currency Pairs, if such Averaging Date 
(following adjustment (if any) in accordance with Conditions 11.1 (Valuation Date, 
Interest Determination Date, Observation Date, Determination Date)  and 11.2 
(Averaging)) (I) for two or more Currency Pairs falls on different dates, the date 
which is the latest to occur, as determined by the Determination Agent or (II) for all 
of the Currency Pairs falls on the same date, such same date, as determined by the 
Determination Agent; 
(vi) 
Single Fund-Linked Securities and: 
(A) 
a Reference Date in respect of the Fund, such Reference Date following adjustment 
(if any) in accordance with Condition 13 (Provision Relating to Fund-Linked 
Securities); and 
(B) 
an Averaging Date in respect of the Fund, such Averaging Date following 
adjustment (if any) in accordance with Condition 13 (Provision Relating to Fund-
Linked Securities); 
(vii) 
Fund Basket-Linked Securities and: 
(A) 
a Reference Date in respect of the Funds, if such Reference Date (following 
adjustment (if any)  in accordance with Condition 13 (Provision Relating to Fund-
Linked Securities)) (I) for two or more Funds falls on different dates, the date which 
is the latest to occur, as determined by the Determination Agent or (II) for all of the 
Funds falls on the same date, such same date, as determined by the Determination 
Agent; and 
(B) 
an Averaging Date in respect of the Funds, if such Averaging Date (following 
adjustment (if any) in accordance with Condition 13 (Provision Relating to Fund-
Linked Securities)) (I) for two or more Funds falls on different dates, the date which 
is the latest to occur, as determined by the Determination Agent or (II) for all of the 
Funds falls on the same date, such same date, as determined by the Determination 
Agent;

--- Page 147 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
Part 1: General Terms and Conditions 
 
 
147 
 
(viii) Single Futures Contract-Linked Securities and: 
(A) 
a Reference Date in respect of the Futures Contract, such Reference Date following 
adjustment (if any) in accordance with Condition 15.1 (Market Disruption, 
Reference Dates and Averaging Dates); and 
(B) 
an Averaging Date in respect of the Futures Contract, such Averaging Date 
following adjustment (if any) in accordance with Condition 15.1 (Market 
Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging Dates); 
(ix) 
Futures Contract Basket-Linked Securities and: 
(A) 
a Reference Date in respect of the Futures Contracts, if such Reference Date 
(following adjustment (if any) in accordance with Condition 15.1 (Market 
Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging Dates)) (I) for two or more Futures 
Contracts falls on different dates, the date which is the latest to occur, as determined 
by the Determination Agent or (II) for all of the Futures Contracts falls on the same 
date, such same date, as determined by the Determination Agent; and 
(B) 
an Averaging Date in respect of the Futures Contracts, if such Averaging Date 
(following adjustment (if any) in accordance with Condition 15.1 (Market 
Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging Dates)) (I) for two or more Futures 
Contracts falls on different dates, the date which is the latest to occur, as determined 
by the Determination Agent or (II) for all of the Futures Contracts falls on the same 
date, such same date, as determined by the Determination Agent; 
"Relevant Financial Centre" means, in relation to any Series of Securities and the applicable 
Reference Rate, the city specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"Relevant Governmental Body" means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve Board 
and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or any successor thereto; 
"Relevant Rates Benchmark" means, in respect of any Securities: 
(i) 
each Reference Rate (or, if applicable, the index, benchmark or other price source that is 
referred to in the Reference Rate) other than a Fixed Interest Rate; 
(ii) 
each Floating Rate Option (or, if applicable, the index, benchmark or other price source 
that is referred to in the Floating Rate Option); or 
(iii) 
any other index, benchmark or other price source specified as a "Relevant Rates 
Benchmark" in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"Relevant Screen Page" means, in respect of a Reference Rate, the page, section or other part of 
a particular information service (including, without limitation, Reuters) specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms in relation to such Reference Rate, or such other page, section or other part 
as may replace it on that information service or such other information service, in each case, as 
may be nominated by the Person providing or sponsoring the information appearing there for the 
purpose of displaying rates or prices comparable to such Reference Rate; 
"Relevant Time" means, for the purposes of a determination of a Reference Rate, the time (in the 
place) specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms corresponding to such Reference Rate; 
"Renminbi" and  "CNY" are to the lawful currency of the People's Republic of China ("PRC") 
which, for the purpose of the Conditions, shall exclude the Hong Kong Special Administrative 
Region of the People's Republic of China, the Macau Special Administrative Region of the 
People's Republic of China and Taiwan; 
"Reserved Matter" means any proposal to change any date fixed for payment of principal or 
interest in respect of the Securities, to reduce the amount of principal or interest payable on any 
date in respect of the Securities, to alter the method of calculating the amount of any payment in 
respect of the Securities or the date for any such payment, to change the currency of any payment 
under the Securities or to change the quorum requirements relating to meetings or the majority 
required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution;

--- Page 148 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
Part 1: General Terms and Conditions 
 
 
148 
 
"Right to Redemption" has the meaning given to it in Condition 35.6 (Right to Redemption in 
respect of substitutions with non Morgan Stanley Group entities); 
"Right to Redemption Notice" means a notice which must be delivered to a Paying Agent or the 
Euroclear Registrar, as applicable, by any Securityholder wanting to exercise a right to redeem a 
Security at the option of the Securityholder under Condition 35.6 (Right to Redemption in respect 
of substitutions with non Morgan Stanley Group entities); 
"Right to Redemption Receipt" means a receipt issued by a Paying Agent or the Euroclear 
Registrar to a depositing Securityholder upon deposit of a Security and a Right to Redemption 
Notice with such Paying Agent, or deposit of a Right to Redemption Notice with such Euroclear 
Registrar, as applicable, by any Securityholder wanting to exercise a right to redeem a Security at 
the option of the Securityholder. 
"S&P" means Standard & Poor's Financial Services LLC through its business unit Standard & 
Poor's Global Ratings; 
"SARON", in respect of any Zurich Banking Day, means the Swiss Average Rate Overnight rate 
administered by SIX Index AG (or any successor administrator) for such Zurich Banking Day as 
provided by the administrator of such rate to authorised distributors and as then published on the 
Relevant Screen Page or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by the 
administrator of SARON or such authorised distributors, in each case at or after 6.00 p.m. (Zurich 
time) (or any amended publication time as specified by the administrator of such rate in the 
benchmark methodology) (or such other publication time as specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms) on the same Zurich Banking Day; 
"SARON Rate Cut-Off Date" means the date that is the number of Zurich Banking Days specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms (or if none are specified, the second Zurich Banking Day) prior to 
the Maturity Date or the redemption date, as applicable;  
"Scheduled Automatic Early Redemption Date" means each date specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms;  
"Scheduled Maturity Date" means each date specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"SOFR", in respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, means the rate determined 
by the Determination Agent as: 
(i) 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate in respect of such U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day as provided by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as the administrator 
of such rate (or a successor administrator) on the Federal Reserve Bank of New York's 
Website on or about 5:00 p.m. (New York time) on the U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day immediately following such U.S. Government Securities Business Day; or 
(ii) 
if the Secured Overnight Financing Rate in respect of such U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day does not appear as specified in paragraph (1), unless both a Benchmark 
Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred, the Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate in respect of the last U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
for which such rate was published on the Federal Reserve Bank of New York's Website; or 
(iii) 
if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have 
occurred, the provisions of Condition 6.8(iii) (Effect of Benchmark Transition Event) will 
apply; 
"SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date" means the date that is the second U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day prior to the Maturity Date or the redemption date, as applicable; 
"SONIA", in respect of any London Banking Day, means the Sterling Overnight Index Average 
rate administered by the Bank of England (or any successor administrator) for such London 
Banking Day as provided by the administrator of such rate to authorised distributors and as then 
published on the Relevant Screen Page or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise 
published by such authorised distributors, in each case as of 9.00a.m. (London time) (or any

--- Page 149 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
Part 1: General Terms and Conditions 
 
 
149 
 
amended publication time as specified by the administrator of such rate in the benchmark 
methodology) on the London Banking Day immediately following such London Banking Day; 
"SONIA Rate Cut-Off Date" means the date that is the number of London Banking Days 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms (or if none are specified, the second London Banking Day) 
prior to the Maturity Date or the redemption date, as applicable;  
"Specified Currency" means the currency or currencies specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms; 
"Specified Day(s)" means such number of Business Day(s), Clearing System Business Day(s) or 
calendar days as specified in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"Specified Denomination(s)" means, in relation to Notes of any Series, the denomination or 
denominations of such Notes specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms and may be expressed 
as (i) currency amounts, (ii) a currency amount and integral multiples of a second currency amount 
in excess of such currency amount, or (iii) an amount of UDI (in the case of Notes denominated 
in UDI), provided that, the Specified Denomination shall, in no circumstance, be an amount less 
than €1,000 or, if the Notes are denominated in any other currency, the equivalent amount in such 
other currency  or, if the Notes are denominated in UDI, the amount equal to the product of the 
Specified Denomination and UDIInitial on the Issue Date of the Notes may not be an amount less 
than €1,000 or the equivalent amount in such other currency; 
"Specified Fixed Leg" means any of the following as specified in the applicable Issue Terms: (i) 
the annual fixed leg, (ii) the semi-annual fixed leg, (iii) quarterly-annual fixed leg, or (iv) the 
quarterly-quarterly fixed leg; 
"Specified Office" has the meaning given to it in the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement; 
"Specified Period" means a period specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"Specified Rate" means the percentage rate (which will be between 0% and 100%) specified as 
such in the applicable Issue Terms provided that if no such rate is specified, the Specified Rate 
shall be equal to 100 per cent; 
"Specified Swap Rate" means any of the following as specified in the applicable Issue Terms: (i) 
the swap rate, (ii) the mid-level swap rate, (iii) the annual swap rate, (iv) the semi-annual swap 
rate, (v) the quarterly swap rate, (vi) the quarterly-annual swap rate, or (vii) the quarterly-quarterly 
swap rate. 
“Specified Unit Value” means, in relation to a Series of Certificates, the value of each unit as 
specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms and may be expressed as (i) a currency amount or 
(ii) an amount of UDI (in the case of Certificates denominated in UDI), provided that, the 
Specified Unit Value shall, in no circumstance, be an amount less than €1,000 or, if the Certificates 
are denominated in any other currency, the equivalent amount in such other currency or, if the 
Cerificates are denominated in UDI, the amount equal to the product of the Specified Unit Value 
and UDIInitial on the Issue Date of the Certificates may not be an amount less than €1,000 or the 
equivalent amount in such other currency; 
"Strike Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, provided that, in 
the case of Equity-Linked Securities, Fund-Linked Securities and Futures Contract-Linked 
Securities (i) if any such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day or a Fund Business Day (as 
applicable), the relevant Strike Date shall (A) in the case of Equity-Linked Securities or Futures 
Contract-Linked Securities, be the next succeeding Scheduled Trading Day or, if either "Common 
Scheduled Trading Days and Common Disrupted Days" or "Common Scheduled Trading Days 
and Individual Disrupted Days" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the next 
succeeding Common Scheduled Trading Day; or (B) in the case of Fund-Linked Securities, be the 
next succeeding Fund Business Day or, if either "Common Fund Business Days and Common 
Disrupted Days" or "Common Fund Business Days and Individual Disrupted Days" is specified to 
be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the next succeeding Common Fund Business Day, and 
(ii) if any Strike Date is a Disrupted Day, the provisions of, as applicable, Condition 9.1 (Market 
Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging Dates), Condition 13.1 (Market Disruption, Reference 
Dates and Averaging Dates) or Condition 15.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates and 
Averaging Dates) shall apply mutatis mutandis as if such Strike Date were a Reference Date, and 
otherwise subject to adjustment in accordance with the Conditions;

--- Page 150 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
Part 1: General Terms and Conditions 
 
 
150 
 
"subsidiary" means, in relation to any Person (the "first Person") at any particular time, any other 
Person (the "second Person"): 
(i) 
whose affairs and policies the first Person controls or has the power to control, 
whether by ownership of share capital, contract, the power to appoint or remove 
members of the governing body of the second Person or otherwise; or 
(ii) 
whose financial statements are, in accordance with applicable law and generally 
accepted accounting principles, consolidated with those of the first Person; 
"Substitution Date" has the meaning given to it in Condition 35.6 (Right to Redemption in respect 
of substitutions with non Morgan Stanley Group entities); 
"Substitution Redemption Date" has the meaning given to it in Condition 35.6 (Right to 
Redemption in respect of substitutions with non Morgan Stanley Group entities); 
"Swedish CSD" means a duly authorised Swedish central securities depository (Sw.:  central 
värdepappersförvarare) under the Swedish Central Securities Depositories and Financial 
Instruments Accounts Act (Sw.:  lag (1998:1479) lagen om värdepapperscentraler och 
kontoföring av finansiella instrument), which is expected to be Euroclear Sweden AB, 
Klarabergsviadukten 63, Box 191, SE 101 23, Stockholm, Sweden; 
"Swedish Issuing Agent" means a duly authorised issuing agent under the relevant NCSD Rules 
and designated as such by the Issuer in Part B of the relevant Issue Terms; 
"Swedish Securities" means any Tranche of Securities issued by MSBV or, as applicable, MSI 
plc and designated by the Issuer as "Swedish Securities" in the paragraph 33 "Form of Securities" 
of the applicable Issue Terms; 
"TARGET2" means the Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer payment system which utilises a single shared platform and which was launched on 19 
November 2007; 
"TARGET Settlement Day" means any day on which TARGET2 is open for the settlement of 
payments in euro; 
"Taxes" means any tax, duty, impost, levy, charge or contribution in the nature of taxation or any 
withholding or deduction for or on account thereof, including (but not limited to) any applicable 
stock exchange tax, turnover tax, stamp duty, stamp duty reserve tax and/or other taxes chargeable 
or payable in connection with any redemption of a Security and/or payment of the Redemption 
Amount and/or delivery of the Physical Delivery Amount and/or the transfer or delivery of 
Underlying Securities and/or the relevant Transfer Documentation; 
"Tokyo Banking Day" or "TBD" means any day on which commercial banks are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in Tokyo; 
"TONA", in respect of any Tokyo Banking Day, means the Tokyo Overnight Average Rate 
administered by the Bank of Japan (or any successor administrator) for such Tokyo Banking Day 
as provided by the administrator of such rate to authorised distributors and as then published on 
the Relevant Screen Page or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise published 
by the administrator of TONA or by such authorised distributors, in each case as of approximately 
10.00a.m. (Tokyo time) (or any amended publication time as specified by the administrator of such 
rate in the benchmark methodology) on the Tokyo Banking Day immediately following such 
Tokyo Banking Day; 
"TONA Rate Cut-Off Date" means the date that is the number of Tokyo Banking Days specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms (or if none are specified, the second Tokyo Banking Day) prior to 
the Maturity Date or the redemption date, as applicable;  
"Trade Date" means in relation to any series of Securities, the date specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms; 
"Transfer Documentation" means, for each Series of Securities, such documentation as is 
generally acceptable for settlement of transfer of Underlying Securities on the relevant Exchange 
or through the Relevant Clearing System including, without limitation, stock notes and/or stock 
transfer forms in the case of settlement on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange;

--- Page 151 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
Part 1: General Terms and Conditions 
 
 
151 
 
"Treaty" means the Treaty establishing the European Union, as amended; 
"Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement" means the Benchmark Replacement excluding the 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
"Underlying Securities" means shares, bonds, other debt securities, other securities or other 
property specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms, and "Underlying Security" shall be 
construed accordingly;  
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day" means any day except for a Saturday, Sunday or a 
day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed 
income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for the purposes of trading in U.S. 
government securities;  
"Zero Coupon Security" means a Security specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms; and 
"Zurich Banking Day" or "ZBD" means any day on which commercial banks are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in Zurich. 
 
Interpretation 
In these General Conditions: 
(i) 
any reference to a numbered "Condition" shall be construed as a reference to the relevant 
Condition contained in this Part 1 (General Terms and Conditions) of these General 
Conditions; 
(ii) 
any reference to principal shall be deemed to include the Redemption Amount, any 
additional amounts in respect of principal which may be payable under Condition 20 
(Taxation), any premium payable in respect of a Security and any other amount in the nature 
of principal payable pursuant to the Conditions;  
(iii) 
any reference to interest shall be deemed to include any additional amounts in respect of 
interest which may be payable under Condition 20 (Taxation) and any other amount in the 
nature of interest payable pursuant to the Conditions; 
(iv) 
references to Securities being "outstanding" shall be construed in accordance with the 
Issue and Paying Agency Agreement; and 
(v) 
if an expression is stated in Condition 2.1 (Definitions) to have the meaning given or 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, but the applicable Issue Terms gives no such 
meaning or specifies that such expression is "not applicable" then such expression is not 
applicable to the Securities. 
3. 
FORM, MINIMUM DENOMINATION, UNIT VALUE AND TITLE 
 
Form:  Morgan Stanley, MSI plc, MSBV and MSFL may issue Securities in registered form 
("Registered Securities").  In addition, (i) MSBV and MSI plc may also issue Securities in 
dematerialised and uncertificated book-entry form with a Nordic central securities depositary 
("Nordic Securities"), and (ii) MSBV and MSI plc may also issue Securities in uncertificated 
registered form ("Uncertificated Securities"). 
 
Minimum Denomination or Specified Unit Value: The minimum Denomination for each Note 
and the minimum Specified Unit Value for each Certificate which is admitted to trading on an 
EEA exchange or an exchange in the United Kingdom and/or offered to the public in an EEA State 
or in the United Kingdom will be €1,000 (or, if the Securities are denominated in a currency other 
than euro, the equivalent amount in such currency).  
 
Registered Securities 
(a) 
Form:  Registered Securities may be in either individual certificate form or in global certificate 
form.

--- Page 152 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
Part 1: General Terms and Conditions 
 
 
152 
 
(b) 
Title:  Title to the Registered Securities passes by registration in the Register which is kept by the 
Registrar in accordance with the provisions of the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement.  A 
certificate (each, a "Security Certificate") will be issued to each holder of Registered Securities 
in respect of its registered holding.  Each Security Certificate will be numbered serially with an 
identifying number which will be recorded in the Register.  "holder" means, in the case of 
Registered Securities, the person in whose name such Registered Security is for the time being 
registered in the Register (or, in the case of a joint holding, the first named thereof) and 
"Securityholder" shall be construed accordingly. 
(c) 
Ownership:  The holder of any Registered Security shall (except as otherwise required by law) be 
treated as its absolute owner for all purposes (whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any 
notice of ownership, trust or any other interest therein, any writing thereon or on the Security 
Certificate relating thereto (other than the endorsed form of transfer) or any notice of any previous 
loss or theft thereof) and no Person shall be liable for so treating such holder. 
(d) 
Transfers:  Subject to Conditions 3.3(g) (Closed Periods) and 3.3(h) (Regulations concerning 
transfers and registration) below, a Registered Security may be transferred upon surrender of the 
relevant Security Certificate, with the endorsed form of transfer duly completed, at the Specified 
Office of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent, together with such evidence as the Registrar or (as 
the case may be) such Transfer Agent may reasonably require to prove the title of the transferor 
and the authority of the individuals who have executed the form of transfer; provided, however, 
that a Registered Security which is a Note may not be transferred unless the principal amount of 
Registered Security transferred and (where not all of the Registered Securities held by a holder are 
being transferred) the principal amount of the balance of Registered Securities not transferred are 
Specified Denominations.  Where not all the Registered Securities represented by the surrendered 
Security Certificate are the subject of the transfer, a new Security Certificate in respect of the 
balance of the Registered Securities will be issued to the transferor. 
(e) 
Registration and Delivery:  Within five business days of the surrender of a Security Certificate in 
accordance with Condition 3.3(d) (Transfers) above, the Registrar will register the transfer in 
question and deliver a new Security Certificate of (i) a like principal amount to the Registered 
Securities transferred (in the case of Notes) or (ii) the same number of Registered Securities 
transferred (in the case of Certificates) to each relevant holder at its Specified Office or (as the 
case may be) the Specified Office of any Transfer Agent or (at the request and risk of any such 
relevant holder) by uninsured first class mail (airmail if overseas) to the address specified for the 
purpose by such relevant holder.  In this Condition 3.3(e) (Registration and Delivery), "business 
day" means a day on which commercial banks are open for general business (including dealings 
in foreign currencies) in the city where the Registrar or (as the case may be) the relevant Transfer 
Agent has its Specified Office. 
(f) 
No charge: The transfer of a Registered Security will be effected without charge by or on behalf 
of the Issuer or the Registrar or any Transfer Agent but against such indemnity as the Registrar or 
(as the case may be) such Transfer Agent may require in respect of any tax or other duty of 
whatsoever nature which may be levied or imposed in connection with such transfer. 
(g) 
Closed Periods:  Holders of Registered Securities may not require transfers to be registered during 
the period of 15 days ending on the due date for any payment of principal or interest in respect of 
the Registered Securities. 
(h) 
Regulations concerning transfers and registration:  All transfers of Registered Securities and 
entries on the Register are subject to the detailed regulations concerning the transfer of Registered 
Securities scheduled to the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement.  The regulations may be changed 
by the Issuer with the prior written approval of the Registrar.  A copy of the current regulations 
will be mailed (free of charge) by the Registrar to any holder of Registered Securities who requests 
in writing a copy of such regulations.  
 
Nordic Securities 
Securities designated as "Finnish Securities" or "Swedish Securities" in the applicable Issue Terms 
will be issued in uncertificated and dematerialised book-entry form in accordance with the NCSD 
Rules.  In respect of Nordic Securities, "Securityholder" and "holder" means the person in whose

--- Page 153 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
Part 1: General Terms and Conditions 
 
 
153 
 
name a Nordic Security is registered in the NCSD Register and the reference to a person in whose 
name a Nordic Security is registered shall include also any person duly authorised to act as a 
nominee and so registered for the Nordic Note.  Title to Nordic Securities shall pass by registration 
in the NCSD Register.  Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by 
law, the holder (as defined above) of any Nordic Security shall be deemed to be and may be treated 
as its absolute owner for all purposes, whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of 
ownership, trust or an interest in it and no person shall be liable for so treating the holder.  The 
Issuer shall be entitled to obtain information from the NCSD Register in accordance with the 
NCSD Rules.  As the Nordic Securities will be in uncertificated and dematerialised book-entry 
form, the Conditions as so amended shall be deemed to be incorporated by reference  in, and to 
form part of, the MSBV Deed of Covenant or the MSI plc Deed of Covenant (as the case may be) 
by which the Nordic Securities are constituted.  No physical global or definitive securities or 
certificates will be issued in respect of Nordic Securities. 
 
Uncertificated Securities 
(a) 
Form 
Uncertificated Securities shall be issued in uncertificated registered form in accordance with the 
Uncertificated Securities Regulations 2001, including any modification or re-enactment thereof 
for the time being in force (the "Regulations" and such other regulations made under Sections 
783, 784(3), 785 and 788 of the Companies Act 2006 as are applicable to the Euroclear Registrar).  
Uncertificated Securities are participating securities for the purposes of the Regulations.  Title to 
the Uncertificated Securities is recorded on the relevant Operator register of eligible debt 
securities.  The Euroclear Registrar on behalf of the Issuer shall maintain a record of uncertificated 
eligible debt securities (the "Record") in relation to the Uncertificated Securities and shall procure 
that the Record is regularly updated to reflect the Operator register of eligible debt securities in 
accordance with the rules of the Operator.  Subject to this requirement, (i) each person who is for 
the time being shown in the Record as the holder of a particular number of Uncertificated 
Securities shall be treated by the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Euroclear Registrar and any other 
Person as the holder of such number of Uncertificated Securities for all purposes (and the 
expressions "Securityholder" and "holder of Securities" and related expressions in the context 
of Uncertificated Securities shall be construed accordingly), and (ii) none of the Issuer, the 
Guarantor, the Euroclear Registrar and any other Person shall be liable in respect of any act or 
thing done or omitted to be done by it or on its behalf in reliance upon the assumption that the 
particulars entered in the Record which the Euroclear Registrar maintains are in accordance with 
particulars entered in the Operator register of eligible debt securities relating to the Uncertificated 
Securities. 
No provisions of the Base Conditions as completed by the applicable Issue Terms shall 
(notwithstanding anything contained therein) apply or have effect to the extent that it is in any 
respect inconsistent with (I) the holding of title to Uncertificated Securities in uncertificated form, 
(II) the transfer of title to Uncertificated Securities by means of a relevant system or (III) the 
Regulations.  Without prejudice to the generality of the preceding sentence and notwithstanding 
anything contained in the Base Conditions or the applicable Issue Terms, so long as the 
Uncertificated Securities are participating securities, (A) the Operator register of eligible debt 
securities relating to the Uncertificated Securities shall be maintained at all times outside the 
United Kingdom, (B) the Uncertificated Securities may be issued in uncertificated form in 
accordance with and subject as provided in the Regulations, and (C) for the avoidance of doubt, 
the Base Conditions and the applicable Issue Terms in relation to any Uncertificated Security shall 
remain applicable notwithstanding that they are not endorsed on any certificate for such 
Uncertificated Security. 
As used herein each of "Operator register of eligible debt securities", "participating securities" 
and "relevant system" is as defined in the Regulations and the relevant Operator (as such term is 
used in the Regulations) is Euroclear UK & Ireland Limited or any additional or alternative 
operator from time to time approved by the Issuer and the Euroclear Registrar in relation to the 
Uncertificated Securities and in accordance with the Regulations.  Any reference herein to the 
"Operator" shall, whenever the context so permits, be deemed to include a reference to any such 
additional or alternative Operator from time to time and notified to the Uncertificated 
Securityholders in accordance with Condition 28 (Notices).

--- Page 154 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
Part 1: General Terms and Conditions 
 
 
154 
 
Securities in definitive registered form will not be issued, either initially or in exchange for an 
Uncertificated Security. 
(b) 
Title 
Title to Uncertificated Securities will pass upon registration of the transfer in the Operator register.  
All transactions in relation to Uncertificated Securities (including transfers of Uncertificated 
Securities) in the open market or otherwise must be effected through an account at the Operator 
subject to and in accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of the Operator. 
4. 
STATUS 
 
Status of the Securities:  The Securities constitute direct and general obligations of the Issuer 
which rank pari passu among themselves. 
 
Status of Guarantee:  The Guarantor's obligations in respect of the Securities issued by MSBV 
(other than Securities issued by MSBV the Issue Terms relating to which specifies that such 
Securities are not guaranteed by Morgan Stanley) or MSFL constitute direct, general and 
unsecured obligations of the Guarantor which rank without preference among themselves and pari 
passu with all other outstanding, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Guarantor, 
present and future, but in the event of insolvency only to the extent permitted by laws affecting 
creditors' rights. 
5. 
FIXED RATE SECURITY PROVISIONS 
 
Application:  This Condition 5 (Fixed Rate Security Provisions) is applicable to the Securities only 
if the Fixed Rate Security Provisions are specified in the applicable Issue Terms as being 
applicable or if the Fixed Rate Security Provisions are otherwise specified to apply (in whole or in 
part) as provided in the Base Conditions. 
 
Fixed Interest Rate: The Rate of Interest in respect of each Interest Period and/or Interest Payment 
Date which is subject to the Fixed Rate Security Provisions will be the Fixed Interest Rate. A 
different Fixed Interest Rate may apply in respect of different Interest Periods and/or Interest 
Payment Dates, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. If a Rate of Interest or a Reference Rate 
for any period or any relevant day is specified in the Base Conditions or in the applicable Issue 
Terms to be a "Fixed Interest Rate", the relevant Rate of Interest or Reference Rate will be 
determined in accordance with the provisions set out in this Condition 5 (Fixed Rate Security 
Provisions). 
 
Accrual of interest:  The Securities bear interest from the Interest Commencement Date at the 
Rate of Interest payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in Condition 
17 (Payments – Registered Securities) or Condition 18 (Payments – Uncertificated Securities) (as 
applicable). Each Security will cease to bear interest from the due date for final redemption unless 
upon such due date, payment of the Redemption Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in 
which case it will continue to bear interest in accordance with this Condition 5 (Fixed Rate Security 
Provisions) (as well after as before judgment) until whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which 
all sums due in respect of such Security up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant 
Securityholder and (ii) the day which is seven Business Days after the Fiscal Agent has notified 
the Securityholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the Securities (except to the 
extent that there is any subsequent default in payment). 
 
Fixed Coupon Amount:  The amount of interest payable in respect of each Security for any Interest 
Period which is a Regular Interest Period shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount and, if the 
Securities are Notes in more than one Specified Denomination, shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon 
Amount in respect of the relevant Specified Denomination, provided that if a Broken Amount is 
specified in the Issue Terms in respect of an Interest Payment Date in respect of each Calculation 
Amount, the Interest Amount payable on such Interest Payment Date in respect of such Note per 
Calculation Amount shall be the Broken Amount. 
A different Fixed Coupon Amount may apply in respect of different Interest Periods and/or Interest 
Payment Dates, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms.

--- Page 155 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
Part 1: General Terms and Conditions 
 
 
155 
 
 
Regular Interest Periods:  If all of the Scheduled Interest Payment Dates fall at regular intervals 
between the Issue Date and the Maturity Date, then: 
(a) 
the Securities shall for the purposes of this Condition 5 (Fixed Rate Security Provisions) be 
"Regular Interest Period Securities"; 
(b) 
the day and month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls shall, for the 
purposes of this Condition 5 (Fixed Rate Security Provisions), be a "Regular Date"; and 
(c) 
each period from and including a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next 
succeeding Regular Date shall, for the purposes of this Condition 5 (Fixed Rate Security 
Provisions), be a "Regular Interest Period". 
 
Irregular first or last Interest Periods:  If the Securities would be Regular Interest Period 
Securities but for the fact that either or both of: 
(a) 
the interval between the Issue Date and the first Interest Payment Date; and 
(b) 
the interval between the Maturity Date and the immediately preceding Interest Payment Date, 
is longer or shorter than a Regular Interest Period, then the Securities shall nevertheless be deemed 
to be Regular Interest Period Securities, provided, however, that if the interval between the 
Maturity Date and the immediately preceding Interest Payment Date is longer or shorter than a 
Regular Interest Period, the day and month on which the Maturity Date falls shall not be a 
"Regular Date". 
 
Irregular Interest Amount:  If the Securities are Regular Interest Period Securities, the amount of 
interest payable in respect of each Security for any period which is not a Regular Interest Period 
shall be an amount per Calculation Amount calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to the 
Calculation Amount, multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count Fraction and rounding 
the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded 
upwards).  For this purpose a "sub-unit" means, in the case of any currency other than euro, the 
lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency 
and, in the case of euro, means one cent. 
 
Irregular Interest Periods:  If the Securities are not Regular Interest Period Securities and interest 
is required to be calculated for any period other than an Interest Period, interest shall be calculated 
on such basis as is described in the applicable Issue Terms. 
 
Interest on Swedish Securities:  For the purposes of calculation of any amount of interest on 
Swedish Securities, the provisions of this Condition 5 (Fixed Rate Security Provisions) shall be 
amended so that all periods shall consist of the period from (but excluding) the first day of the 
relevant period up to (and including) the last day of the relevant period. 
 
Day Count Fraction: In respect of any period which is not a Regular Interest Period, the relevant 
day count fraction shall be determined in accordance with the definition of "Day Count Fraction" 
set out in Condition 2.1 (Definitions) above. 
 
6. 
FLOATING 
RATE 
SECURITY, 
EQUITY-LINKED, 
COMMODITY-LINKED, 
CURRENCY- LINKED, INFLATION-LINKED, FUND-LINKED AND FUTURES 
CONTRACT-LINKED INTEREST PROVISIONS  
 
Application: This Condition 6 (Floating Rate Security, Equity-Linked, Commodity-Linked, 
Currency-Linked, Inflation-Linked, Fund-Linked and Futures Contract-Linked Interest 
Provisions) is applicable to the Securities only if one or more of the Floating Rate Security 
Provisions or Equity-Linked, Commodity-Linked, Currency-Linked, Inflation-Linked, Property-
Linked, Fund-Linked or Futures Contract-Linked Interest provisions are specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms as being applicable, or are otherwise specified to apply (in whole or in part) as 
provided in the Base Conditions.

--- Page 156 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
Part 1: General Terms and Conditions 
 
 
156 
 
 
Floating Interest Rate: The Rate of Interest in respect of each Interest Period and/or Interest 
Payment Date which is subject to the Floating Rate Security Provisions will be the Floating Interest 
Rate. A different Floating Interest Rate may apply in respect of different Interest Periods and/or 
Interest Payment Dates, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. If a Rate of Interest or a 
Reference Rate for any period or any relevant day is specified in the Base Conditions or in the 
applicable Issue Terms to be a "Floating Interest Rate", the relevant Rate of Interest or Reference 
Rate will be determined in accordance with the provisions set out in Conditions 6.5 (Screen Rate 
Determination), 6.6 (ISDA Determination), 6.7 (CMS Rate Determination), 6.8 (Provisions 
specific to SOFR as Reference Rate), 6.9 (Provisions specific to SONIA as Reference Rate), 6.10 
(Provisions specific to €STR as Reference Rate), 6.11 (Provisions specific to SARON as Reference 
Rate) or 6.12 (Provisions specific to TONA as Reference Rate), as specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
 
Accrual of interest: The Floating Rate Securities bear interest from the Interest Commencement 
Date at the Floating Interest Rate (being a "Rate of Interest" in respect of Floating Rate Securities) 
payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in Condition 17 (Payments – 
Registered Securities) or Condition 18 (Payments – Uncertificated Securities) (as applicable).  
Each Security will cease to bear interest from the due date for final redemption unless, upon such 
due date, payment of the Redemption Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in which case it 
will continue to bear interest in accordance with this Condition 6 (Floating Rate Security, Equity-
Linked, Commodity-Linked, Currency-Linked, Inflation-Linked, Fund-Linked and Futures 
Contract-Linked Interest Provisions) (as well after as before judgment) until whichever is the 
earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Security up to that day are received 
by or on behalf of the relevant Securityholder and (ii) the day which is seven Business Days after 
the Fiscal Agent has notified the Securityholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the 
Securities (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment). The Rate of 
Interest in respect of all or any Interest Periods shall, if so specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
be zero.  
 
Linear Interpolation: In respect of any Securities for which the Floating Rate Securities 
Provisions are applicable, if "Linear Interpolation" is specified to be applicable in respect of any 
Interest Period, the Floating Interest Rate for such Interest Period shall be determined by the 
Determination Agent through the use of straight-line interpolation by reference to: 
(a) 
if Screen Rate Determination is specified as the manner in which the Floating Interest Rate is to 
be determined, two rates based on the relevant Reference Rate one of which shall be determined 
as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time, for which rates are available, next shorter 
than the length of such Interest Period and the other of which shall be determined as if the 
Designated Maturity were the period of time, for which rates are available, next longer than the 
length of such Interest Period; 
(b) 
if ISDA Determination is specified as the manner in which the Floating Interest Rate is to be 
determined, unless either "2006 ISDA Definitions Linear Interpolation" or "2021 ISDA 
Definitions Linear Interpolation" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, two rates 
based on the relevant Floating Rate Option one of which shall be determined as if the Designated 
Maturity were the period of time, for which rates are available, next shorter than the length of such 
Interest Period and the other of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the 
period of time, for which rates are available, next longer than the length of such Interest Period; 
and 
(c) 
if CMS Rate Determination is specified as the manner in which the Floating Interest Rate is to be 
determined, two rates based on the relevant CMS Reference Rate one of which shall be determined 
as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time, for which rates are available, next shorter 
than the length of such Interest Period and the other of which shall be determined as if the 
Designated Maturity were the period of time, for which rates are available, next longer than the 
length of such Interest Period. 
 
Screen Rate Determination:  Subject to the provisions of Condition 6.8 (Provisions specific to 
SOFR as Reference Rate), Condition 6.9 (Provisions specific to SONIA as Reference Rate), 6.10 
(Provisions specific to €STR as Reference Rate), 6.11 (Provisions specific to SARON as Reference 
Rate), 6.12 (Provisions specific to TONA as Reference Rate), Condition 6.20 (Relevant Rates

--- Page 157 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
Part 1: General Terms and Conditions 
 
 
157 
 
Benchmark Discontinuance or Prohibition on Use), where such provisions are specified to apply 
in the applicable Issue Terms, Condition 6.21 (CMS Reference Rate – Effect of Index Cessation 
Event) or Condition 6.22 (General Fallback Arrangements), if Screen Rate Determination is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms as the manner in which a Floating Interest Rate is to be 
determined, the Floating Interest Rate for an Interest Period or any relevant day (each a "Relevant 
Day") will be the Screen Rate for such Interest Period or such Relevant Day, plus or minus (as 
indicated in the applicable Issue Terms) the Margin (if any is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms in relation to such Screen Rate), and multiplied by the Interest Participation Rate (if any is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms in relation to such Screen Rate). 
The Screen Rate applicable to the Securities for an Interest Period or a Relevant Day will be 
determined by the Determination Agent on the following basis: 
(a) 
if the Reference Rate is a composite quotation or customarily supplied by one entity, the Screen 
Rate will be the Reference Rate which appears on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant 
Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date in respect of such Interest Period or such 
Relevant Day, as determined by the Determination Agent; 
(b) 
in any other case, the Screen Rate will be the arithmetic mean of the Reference Rates which appear 
on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date 
in respect of such Interest Period or such Relevant Day, as determined by the Determination Agent; 
(c) 
if, in the case of Condition 6.5(a) above, such rate does not appear on that page or, in the case of 
Condition 6.5(b) above, fewer than two such rates appear on that page or if, in either case, the 
Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, the Determination Agent will: 
(i) 
request the principal Relevant Financial Centre office of each of the Reference Banks to 
provide a quotation of the Reference Rate at approximately the Relevant Time on the 
Interest Determination Date in respect of such Interest Period or such Relevant Day to prime 
banks in the Relevant Financial Centre interbank market in an amount that is representative 
for a single transaction in that market at that time; and 
(ii) 
determine the arithmetic mean of such quotations; and 
(d) 
if fewer than two such quotations are provided as requested, the Determination Agent will 
determine the arithmetic mean of the rates (being the nearest to the Reference Rate, as determined 
by the Determination Agent) quoted by major banks in the Principal Financial Centre of the 
Specified Currency, selected by the Determination Agent, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (local time 
in the Principal Financial Centre of the Specified Currency) on the first day of the relevant Interest 
Period for loans in the Specified Currency to leading European banks for a period equal to the 
relevant Interest Period or for a Relevant Day and in an amount that is representative for a single 
transaction in that market at that time, 
provided, however, that if the Determination Agent is unable to determine a rate or (as the case 
may be) an arithmetic mean in accordance with the above provisions in relation to any Interest 
Period or any Relevant Day, the Screen Rate applicable to the Securities in respect of such Interest 
Period or such Relevant Day will be the rate (or as the case may be) the arithmetic mean last 
determined in relation to the Securities in respect of a preceding Interest Period or Relevant Day. 
 
ISDA Determination:  Subject to the provisions of Condition 6.20 (Relevant Rates Benchmark 
Discontinuance or Prohibition on Use), where such provisions are specified to apply in the 
applicable Issue Terms, Condition 6.21 (CMS Reference Rate – Effect of Index Cessation Event), 
or Condition 6.22 (General Fallback Arrangements), if ISDA Determination is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms as the manner in which a Floating Interest Rate is to be determined, the 
Floating Interest Rate applicable to the Securities for each Interest Period will be the relevant ISDA 
Rate, plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Issue Terms) the Margin (if any is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms in relation to such ISDA Rate), and multiplied by the Interest 
Participation Rate (if any is specified in the applicable Issue Terms in relation to such ISDA Rate). 
The "ISDA Rate" in relation to any Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate (as 
defined in the ISDA Definitions) that would be determined by the Determination Agent under an 
interest rate swap transaction if the Determination Agent were acting as Calculation Agent for that

--- Page 158 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
Part 1: General Terms and Conditions 
 
 
158 
 
interest rate swap transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions 
and under which: 
(a) 
if "2006 ISDA Definitions" is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms: 
(i) 
the Floating Rate Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is as specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms; 
(ii) 
except in the case of Overnight Floating Rate Options (as defined in the ISDA 
Definitions), the Designated Maturity (as defined in the ISDA Definitions), if 
applicable, is a period specified in the applicable Issue Terms;  
(iii) 
the relevant Reset Date (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is as specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms; 
(iv) 
if an Overnight Floating Rate Option is specified as applicable in the relevant 
Issue Terms and: 
(A) 
an Overnight Rate Compounding Method (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is specified 
in the relevant Issue Terms: 
(1) 
OIS Compounding is applicable if specified in the relevant Issue Terms and, 
if so, Daily Capped Rate and/or Daily Floored Rate are applicable if specified 
in the relevant Issue Terms and, if so, the Daily Capped Rate and the Daily 
Floored Rate are the rates specified in the relevant Issue Terms;  
(2) 
Compounding with Lookback is applicable if specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms and, if so, (a) Lookback is the number of Applicable Business Days 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms or, if not so specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms, in the ISDA Definitions, and (b) Daily Capped Rate and/or 
Daily Floored Rate are applicable if specified in the relevant Issue Terms 
and, if so, the Daily Capped Rate and the Daily Floored Rate are the rates 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms; 
(3) 
Compounding with Observation Period Shift is applicable if specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms and, if so, (a) Set-in-Advance is applicable if specified 
as such in the relevant Issue Terms, (b) Observation Period Shift is the 
number of Observation Period Shift Business Days specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms or, if not so specified in the relevant Issue Terms, in the ISDA 
Definitions, (c) Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days are the 
days, if any, specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms and (d) Daily 
Capped Rate and/or Daily Floored Rate are applicable if specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms and, if so, the Daily Capped Rate and the Daily Floored 
Rate are the rates specified in the relevant Issue Terms; or 
(4) 
Compounding with Lockout is applicable if specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms and, if so, (a) Lockout is the number of Lockout Period Business Days 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms or , if not so specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms, in the ISDA Definitions, (b) Lockout Period Business Days are 
the days specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms or, if not so specified 
in the relevant Issue Terms, in the ISDA Definitions and (c) Daily Capped 
Rate and/or Daily Floored Rate are applicable if specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms and, if so, the Daily Capped Rate and the Daily Floored Rate are 
the rates specified in the relevant Issue Terms; or 
(B) 
an Overnight Rate Averaging Method (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is specified in 
the relevant Issue Terms: 
(1) 
Overnight Averaging is applicable if specified in the relevant Issue Terms 
and, if so, Daily Capped Rate and/or Daily Floored Rate are applicable if

--- Page 159 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
Part 1: General Terms and Conditions 
 
 
159 
 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms and, if so, the Daily Capped Rate and 
the Daily Floored Rate are the rates specified in the relevant Issue Terms;  
(2) 
Averaging with Lookback is applicable if specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms and, if so, (a) Lookback is the number of Applicable Business Days 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms or, if not so specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms, in the ISDA Definitions and (b) Daily Capped Rate and/or Daily 
Floored Rate are applicable if specified in the relevant Issue Terms and, if 
so, the Daily Capped Rate and the Daily Floored Rate are the rates specified 
in the relevant Issue Terms; 
(3) 
Averaging with Observation Period Shift is applicable if specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms and, if so, (a) Set-in-Advance is applicable if specified 
as such in the relevant Issue Terms, (b) Observation Period Shift is the 
number of Observation Period Shift Business Days specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms or, if not so specified in the relevant Issue Terms, in the ISDA 
Definitions, (c) Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days are the 
days, if any, specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms and (d) Daily 
Capped Rate and/or Daily Floored Rate are applicable if specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms and, if so, the Daily Capped Rate and the Daily Floored 
Rate are the rates specified in the relevant Issue Terms; or 
(4) 
Averaging with Lockout is applicable if specified in the relevant Issue Terms 
and, if so, (a) Lockout is the number of Lockout Period Business Days 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms or, if not so specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms, in the ISDA Definitions, (b) Lockout Period Business Days are 
the days specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms or, if not so specified 
in the relevant Issue Terms, in the ISDA Definitions and (c) Daily Capped 
Rate and/or Daily Floored Rate are applicable if specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms and, if so, the Daily Capped Rate and the Daily Floored Rate are 
the rates specified in the relevant Issue Terms;  
(v) 
if an Index Floating Rate Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is specified 
as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms and an Index Method (as defined in the 
ISDA Definitions) is specified in the relevant Issue Terms: 
(A) 
Compounded Index Method is applicable if specified in the relevant Issue Terms; or 
(B) 
Compounded Index Method with Observation Period Shift is applicable if specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms and, if so, (a) Set-in-Advance is applicable if specified as such in the 
relevant Issue Terms, (b) Observation Period Shift is the number of Observation Period 
Shift Business Days specified in the relevant Issue Terms or, if not so specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms, in the ISDA Definitions and (c) Observation Period Shift Additional 
Business Days are the days, if any, specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms;  
(vi) 
in connection with any Overnight Rate Compounding Method, Overnight Rate 
Averaging Method or Index Method specified in the relevant Issue Terms, 
references in the ISDA Definitions to: (1) numbers, financial centers or other 
items specified in the Confirmation shall be deemed to be references to the 
numbers, financial centers or other items specified for such purpose in the 
relevant Issue Terms; (2) "Business Day in the financial centres, if any, specified 
for such purpose in the Confirmation" shall be deemed to be references to 
Business Day; (3) "Calculation Period" shall be deemed to be references to the 
relevant Interest Period; (4) "Floating Rate Day Count Fraction" shall be deemed 
to be references to Day Count Fraction; (5) "Period End Date" shall be deemed 
to be references to the relevant Interest Period End Date; (6) "Termination Date" 
shall be deemed to be references to the final Interest Period End Date; and (7) 
"Effective Date" shall be deemed to be references to the Interest Commencement 
Date; and

--- Page 160 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
Part 1: General Terms and Conditions 
 
 
160 
 
(vii) 
Delayed Payment is applicable if specified in the relevant Issue Terms and the 
relevant delay is the number of Business Days specified in respect of Delayed 
Payment in the relevant Issue Terms;  
(viii) Section 8.3 (Linear Interpolation) of the ISDA Definitions is deemed to be 
deleted unless "2006 ISDA Definitions Linear Interpolation" is specified as 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms; 
(ix) 
Section 4.14 (Calculation Agent) is deemed to be amended by the deletion of the 
words "Whenever the Calculation Agent is required to act, make a determination 
or to exercise judgment in any other way, it will do so in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner.";  
(b) 
if "2021 ISDA Definitions" is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms: 
(i) 
the Floating Rate Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is as specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms; 
(ii) 
except in the case of Overnight Floating Rate Options (as defined in the ISDA 
Definitions), the Designated Maturity (as defined in the ISDA Definitions), if 
applicable, is a period specified in the applicable Issue Terms;  
(iii) 
the relevant Reset Date (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is as specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms;  
(iv) 
if an Overnight Floating Rate Option is specified as applicable in the relevant 
Issue Terms and: 
(A) 
an Overnight Rate Compounding Method (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is specified 
in the relevant Issue Terms: 
(1) 
OIS Compounding is applicable if specified in the relevant Issue Terms and, 
if so, Daily Capped Rate and/or Daily Floored Rate are applicable if specified 
in the relevant Issue Terms and, if so, the Daily Capped Rate and the Daily 
Floored Rate are the rates specified in the relevant Issue Terms;  
(2) 
Compounding with Lookback is applicable if specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms and, if so, (a) Lookback is the number of Applicable Business Days 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms or, if not so specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms, in the ISDA Definitions and (b) Daily Capped Rate and/or Daily 
Floored Rate are applicable if specified in the relevant Issue Terms and, if 
so, the Daily Capped Rate and the Daily Floored Rate are the rates specified 
in the relevant Issue Terms; 
(3) 
Compounding with Observation Period Shift is applicable if specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms and, if so, Set-in-Advance is applicable if specified as 
such in the relevant Issue Terms and, if so, (a) Set-in-Advance is applicable 
if specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms, (b) Observation Period Shift 
is the number of Observation Period Shift Business Days specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms or, if not so specified in the relevant Issue Terms, in the 
ISDA Definitions, (c) Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days are 
the days, if any, specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms and (d) Daily 
Capped Rate and/or Daily Floored Rate are applicable if specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms and, if so, the Daily Capped Rate and the Daily Floored 
Rate are the rates specified in the relevant Issue Terms; 
(4) 
Compounding with Lockout is applicable if specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms and, if so, (a) Lockout is the number of Lockout Period Business Days 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms or, if not so specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms, in the ISDA Definitions, (b) Lockout Period Business Days are 
the days specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms or , if not so specified

--- Page 161 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
Part 1: General Terms and Conditions 
 
 
161 
 
in the relevant Issue Terms, in the ISDA Definitions and (c) Daily Capped 
Rate and/or Daily Floored Rate are applicable if specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms and, if so, the Daily Capped Rate and the Daily Floored Rate are 
the rates specified in the relevant Issue Terms; or 
(5) 
unless an Overnight Rate Compounding Method in sub-paragraphs (1) to (4) 
above is applicable, in respect of an Overnight Floating Rate Option in the 
Floating Rate Matrix (as defined in the ISDA Definitions), any other method 
of compounding an overnight rate that is set out in the column entitled 
"Category/Style" in the Floating Rate Matrix is applicable; or 
(B) 
an Overnight Rate Averaging Method (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is specified in 
the relevant Issue Terms: 
(1) 
Overnight Averaging is applicable if specified in the relevant Issue Terms 
and, if so, Daily Capped Rate and/or Daily Floored Rate are applicable if 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms and, if so, the Daily Capped Rate and 
the Daily Floored Rate are the rates specified in the relevant Issue Terms; 
(2) 
Averaging with Lookback is applicable if specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms and, if so, (a) Lookback is the number of Applicable Business Days 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms or, if not so specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms, in the ISDA Definitions and (b) Daily Capped Rate and/or Daily 
Floored Rate are applicable if specified in the relevant Issue Terms and, if 
so, the Daily Capped Rate and the Daily Floored Rate are the rates specified 
in the relevant Issue Terms; 
(3) 
Averaging with Observation Period Shift is applicable if specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms and, if so, Set-in-Advance is applicable if specified as 
such in the relevant Issue Terms and, if so, (a) Set-in-Advance is applicable 
if specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms, (b) Observation Period Shift 
is the number of Observation Period Shift Business Days specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms or, if not so specified in the relevant Issue Terms, in the 
ISDA Definitions, (c) Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days are 
the days, if any, specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms and (d) Daily 
Capped Rate and/or Daily Floored Rate are applicable if specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms and, if so, the Daily Capped Rate and the Daily Floored 
Rate are the rates specified in the relevant Issue Terms; 
(4) 
Averaging with Lockout is applicable if specified in the relevant Issue Terms 
and, if so, (a) Lockout is the number of Lockout Period Business Days 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms or, if not so specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms, in the ISDA Definitions, (b) Lockout Period Business Days are 
the days specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms or, if not so specified 
in the relevant Issue Terms, in the ISDA Definitions and (c) Daily Capped 
Rate and/or Daily Floored Rate are applicable if specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms and, if so, the Daily Capped Rate and the Daily Floored Rate are 
the rates specified in the relevant Issue Terms; or 
(5) 
unless an Overnight Rate Averaging Method in sub-paragraphs (1) to (4) 
above is applicable, in respect of an Overnight Floating Rate Option in the 
Floating Rate Matrix, any other method of averaging an overnight rate that 
is set out in the column entitled "Category/Style" in the Floating Rate Matrix 
is applicable;  
(v) 
if an Index Floating Rate Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is specified 
as applicable in the relevant Issue terms and an Index Method is specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms: 
(A) 
Standard Index Method is applicable if specified in the relevant Issue Terms;

--- Page 162 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
Part 1: General Terms and Conditions 
 
 
162 
 
(B) 
Compounded Index Method is applicable if specified in the relevant Issue Terms; or 
(C) 
Compounded Index Method with Observation Period Shift is applicable if specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms and, if so, (a) Set-in-Advance is applicable if specified as such in the 
relevant Issue Terms, (b) Observation Period Shift is the number of Observation Period 
Shift Business Days specified in the relevant Issue Terms or, if not so specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms, in the ISDA Definitions and (c) Observation Period Shift Additional 
Business Days are the days, if any, specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms;  
(vi) 
in connection with any Overnight Rate Compounding Method, Overnight Rate 
Averaging Method or Index Method specified in the relevant Issue Terms, 
references in the ISDA Definitions to: (1) numbers, financial centers or other 
items specified in the Confirmation shall be deemed to be references to the 
numbers, financial centers or other items specified for such purpose in the 
relevant Issue Terms; (2) "Business Day in the financial centres, if any, specified 
for such purpose in the Confirmation" shall be deemed to be references to 
Business Day; (3) "Calculation Period" shall be deemed to be references to the 
relevant Interest Period; (4) "Floating Rate Day Count Fraction" shall be deemed 
to be references to Day Count Fraction; (5) "Period End Date" shall be deemed 
to be references to the relevant Interest Period End Date; (6) "Termination Date" 
shall be deemed to be references to the final Interest Period End Date; and (7) 
"Effective Date" shall be deemed to be references to the Interest Commencement 
Date; 
(vii) 
Delayed Payment is applicable if specified in the relevant Issue Terms and the 
relevant delay is the number of Business Days specified in respect of Delayed 
Payment in the relevant Issue Terms; 
(viii) Period End Date/Termination Date adjustment for Unscheduled Holiday (as 
defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions) will apply if specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms to be applicable; 
(ix) 
Non-Representative (as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions) will apply if 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms to be applicable; 
(x) 
Successor Benchmark and Successor Benchmark Effective Date (as defined in 
the 2021 ISDA Definitions) will be as specified in the relevant Issue Terms;   
(xi) 
if any fallbacks would otherwise be required to be determined in accordance with 
Section 8.6 (Generic Fallback Provisions) of the ISDA Definitions, such 
fallbacks shall not be so determined, but shall instead be determined in 
accordance with Condition 6.20 (Relevant Rates Benchmark Discontinuance or 
Prohibition on Use), where such provisions are specified to apply in the 
applicable Issue Terms, Condition 6.21 (CMS Reference Rate – Effect of Index 
Cessation Event), where the Relevant Rates Benchmark is the CMS Reference 
Rate, or Condition 6.22 (General Fallback Arrangements) and the ISDA 
Definitions shall be construed accordingly; 
(xii) 
Sections 1.2.2 (Calculation Agent Standard) and 1.2.4 (Determinations by 
Calculation Agent) of the ISDA Definitions are deemed to be deleted;  
(xiii) Section 6.10 (Linear Interpolation) of the ISDA Definitions is deemed to be 
deleted unless "2021 ISDA Definitions Linear Interpolation" is specified as 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms; and 
(xiv) in any circumstance where the ISDA Definitions provide for anything to be 
determined by agreement between the parties or a discretion is given thereunder 
to the Calculation Agent (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) to make any 
determination, the Determination Agent will make such determination or 
exercise such discretion.

--- Page 163 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
Part 1: General Terms and Conditions 
 
 
163 
 
 
CMS Rate Determination: Subject to the provisions of Condition 6.21 (CMS Reference Rate –  
Effect of Index Cessation Event), if CMS Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms as the manner in which a Floating Interest Rate is to be determined, the Floating Interest 
Rate applicable to the Securities for each Interest Period will be the relevant CMS Interest Rate 
determined in accordance with paragraphs (a) or (b) below, as applicable. 
(a) 
Single CMS Rate 
If the CMS Interest Rate is specified in the applicable Issue Terms to be "Single CMS Rate", the 
CMS Interest Rate in respect of an Interest Period or any relevant day will be equal to the CMS 
Reference Rate for such Interest Period or such relevant day, plus or minus (as indicated in the 
applicable Issue Terms) the Margin (if any is specified in the applicable Issue Terms in relation to 
such CMS Reference Rate), and multiplied by the Interest Participation Rate (if any is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms in relation to such CMS Reference Rate). 
(b) 
Spread CMS Rate 
If the CMS Interest Rate is specified in the applicable Issue Terms to be "Spread CMS Rate", the 
CMS Interest Rate in respect of an Interest Period or any relevant day will be equal to the difference 
between (1) CMS Reference Rate 1 for such Interest Period or such relevant day, plus or minus 
(as specified in the applicable Issue Terms) Margin 1 (if any is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms in relation to such CMS Reference Rate 1), and multiplied by Interest Participation Rate 1 
(if any is specified in the applicable Issue Terms in relation to such CMS Reference Rate 1), minus 
(2) CMS Reference Rate 2 for such Interest Period or such relevant day, plus or minus (as specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms) Margin 2 (if any is specified in the applicable Issue Terms in relation 
to such CMS Reference Rate 2), and multiplied by Interest Participation Rate 2 (if any is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms in relation to such CMS Reference Rate 2). 
(c) 
Determination of CMS Reference Rate 
The CMS Reference Rate in respect of an Interest Period or any relevant day (as applicable) will 
be the Specified Swap Rate for swap transactions in the Reference Currency with a maturity of the 
Designated Maturity (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) (the "Relevant Swap Rate") 
which appears on the Relevant Screen Page as at the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination 
Date in respect of such Interest Period or such relevant day, all as determined by the Determination 
Agent. If the Relevant Swap Rate does not appear on the Relevant Screen Page at the Relevant 
Time, the CMS Reference Rate in respect of an Interest Period or a relevant day (as applicable) 
will be determined by the Determination Agent in accordance with the first applicable Fallback 
Rate Determination that provides a CMS Reference Rate, and if the applicable Issue Terms 
specify: 
(i) 
"Fallback Screen Page" to be applicable, the Determination Agent will, acting 
in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determine an alternative 
or successor page or publication to the Relevant Screen Page for the Relevant 
Swap Rate; 
(ii) 
"Mid-Market Quotations" to be applicable, the Determination Agent will 
determine the CMS Reference Rate on the basis of the arithmetic mean of the 
Mid-Market Quotations provided by the Reference Banks at approximately the 
Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date in respect of such Interest 
Period or such day by requesting the principal Relevant Financial Centre office 
of each of the Reference Banks to provide Mid-Market Quotations. If at least 
five Mid-Market Quotations are provided, the Determination Agent will 
determine the arithmetic mean of such Mid-Market Quotations provided by 
discarding the highest of such Mid-Market Quotations (or in event of equality, 
one of the highest) and lowest of such Mid-Market Quotations (or in event of 
equality, one of the lowest). If four Mid-Market Quotations are provided, the 
Determination Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of such Mid-Market 
Quotations provided. If less than four Mid-Market Quotations are provided, the 
next Fallback Rate Determination specified in the applicable Issue Terms will 
apply, or if none is specified, Determination Agent Fallback will apply. All 
calculations of the arithmetic mean of the relevant number of Mid-Market

--- Page 164 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
Part 1: General Terms and Conditions 
 
 
164 
 
Quotations provided pursuant to this paragraph will be rounded to the nearest 
one thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.0005 being rounded upwards; and 
(iii) 
"Determination Agent Fallback" to be applicable, the Determination Agent 
will, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determine 
the CMS Reference Rate by using available and relevant public information and 
having regard to comparable benchmarks available.  
If any Fallback Rate Determination(s) are specified in the relevant Issue Terms, then only that or 
those (as the case may be) Fallback Rate Determinations shall apply and if two or more Fallback 
Rate Determinations are specified, those Fallback Rate Determinations shall apply in the order as 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, such that if the Determination Agent determines that the 
CMS Reference Rate cannot be determined by applying a Fallback Rate Determination, then the 
next Fallback Rate Determination specified shall apply. 
 
Provisions specific to SOFR as Reference Rate 
(i) 
If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Issue Terms as the manner in 
which a Floating Interest Rate is to be determined and SOFR is specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms as the Reference Rate, the Floating Interest Rate for an Interest Period will be 
the relevant SOFR Benchmark plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Issue Terms) 
the Margin (as specified in the relevant Issue Terms), subject to a minimum of zero per 
cent. 
(ii) 
The "SOFR Benchmark" will be determined based on SOFR Compound with Lookback, 
SOFR Compound with Observation Period Shift, SOFR Compound with Payment Delay 
or SOFR Index Average, as follows: 
(1) 
if SOFR Compound with Lookback ("SOFR Compound with Lookback") is 
specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the SOFR Benchmark for each 
Interest Period shall be equal to the rate of return of a daily compound SOFR interest 
investment calculated in accordance with the following formula (with the resulting 
percentage rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a 
percentage point, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards to 0.00001): 
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅𝑖−𝑥𝑈𝑆𝐵𝐷 × 𝑛𝑖
360
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
]  𝑥360
𝑑 
where: 
"d" means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period. 
"d0", for any Interest Period, means the number of U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days in the relevant Interest Period. 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days in chronological order from, and including, the 
first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the relevant Interest Period. 
"Lookback Days" means the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms (which number shall not be specified as less than 
five without the prior agreement of the Calculation Agent). 
"ni" for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" in the relevant Interest 
Period, means the number of calendar days from, and including, such day "i" up to, 
but excluding, the following U.S. Government Securities Business Day ("i+1"). 
"SOFRi", for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" in the relevant 
Interest Period, is equal to SOFR in respect of that day.  
"SOFRi-xUSBD", for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" in the relevant 
Interest Period, is equal to SOFR in respect of the U.S. Government Securities

--- Page 165 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
Part 1: General Terms and Conditions 
 
 
165 
 
Business Days falling a number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior 
to that day "i" equal to the number of Lookback Days. 
(2) 
if SOFR Compound with Observation Period Shift ("SOFR Compound with 
Observation Period Shift") is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the 
SOFR Benchmark for each Interest Period shall be equal to the rate of return of a daily 
compound SOFR interest investment calculated in accordance with the following 
formula (with the resulting percentage rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one 
hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards to 
0.00001): 
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅𝑖× 𝑛𝑖
360
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
]  𝑥360
𝑑 
where: 
"d" means the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation Period. 
"d0", for any Observation Period, means the number of U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days in the relevant Observation Period. 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days in chronological order from, and including, the 
first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the relevant Observation Period. 
"ni" for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" in the relevant Observation 
Period, means the number of calendar days from, and including, such day "i" up to, 
but excluding, the following U.S. Government Securities Business Day ("i+1"). 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of each Interest Period, the period from, and 
including, the date falling a number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
equal to the Observation Shift Days preceding the first day of such Interest Period to, 
but excluding, the date falling a number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
equal to the Observation Shift Days preceding the Interest Period End Date for such 
Interest Period. 
"Observation Shift Days" means the number of U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days specified in the relevant Issue Terms (which number shall not be 
specified as less than five without the prior agreement of the Calculation Agent). 
"SOFRi", for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" in the relevant 
Observation Period, is equal to SOFR in respect of that day.  
(3) 
if SOFR Compound with Payment Delay ("SOFR Compound with Payment 
Delay") is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the SOFR Benchmark 
for each Interest Period shall be equal to the rate of return of a daily compound SOFR 
interest investment calculated in accordance with the following formula (with the 
resulting percentage rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of 
a percentage point, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards to 0.00001): 
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅𝑖× 𝑛𝑖
360
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
]  𝑥360
𝑑 
where: 
"d" means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period.  
"d0", for any Interest Period, means the number of U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days in the relevant Interest Period. 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days in chronological order from, and including, the 
first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the relevant Interest Period.

--- Page 166 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
Part 1: General Terms and Conditions 
 
 
166 
 
"ni" for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" in the relevant Interest 
Period, means the number of calendar days from, and including, such day "i" up to, 
but excluding, the following U.S. Government Securities Business Day ("i+1"). 
"SOFRi", for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" in the relevant 
Interest Period, is equal to SOFR in respect of that day.  
Where "SOFR Compound with Payment Delay" applies, for the purposes of 
calculating the SOFR Benchmark with respect to the final Interest Period, the level 
of SOFR for each U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the period from (and 
including) the SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date to (but excluding) the Maturity Date or the 
redemption date, as applicable, shall be the level of SOFR in respect of such SOFR 
Rate Cut-Off Date.  
 (4) if SOFR Index Average ("SOFR Index Average") is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Issue Terms, the SOFR Benchmark for each Interest Period shall be equal to 
the rate of return of the SOFR Index calculated in accordance with the following 
formula (with the resulting percentage rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one 
hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards to 
0.00001): 
( 𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥 𝐸𝑛𝑑
𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥 𝑆𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑡
−1) × (360
𝑑𝑐
) 
where: 
"dc" means the number of calendar days from, and including, the SOFR IndexStart to, 
but excluding, the SOFR IndexEnd. 
"SOFR Index Determination Time" means approximately 5:00 p.m. (New York 
City time). 
"SOFR Index" means, in respect of any U.S Government Securities Business Day, 
the SOFR Index value as published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York in 
relation to such U.S. Government Securities Business Day, as such value appears at 
the SOFR Index Determination Time on such U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day on the Federal Reserve Bank of New York's Website, and appearing on the 
Relevant Screen Page.  
"SOFR IndexEnd" means the SOFR Index value on the date that is the number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days specified in the relevant Issue Terms preceding 
the Interest Period End Date relating to such Interest Period (or in the final Interest 
Period, the Maturity Date or redemption date). 
"SOFR IndexStart" means the SOFR Index value on the date that is the number of 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days specified in the relevant Issue Terms 
preceding the first date of the relevant Interest Period. 
If the values for SOFR IndexStart or SOFR IndexEnd are not published on or by the 
relevant Interest Determination Date and a Benchmark Transition Event and its related 
Benchmark Replacement Date have not occurred, the "SOFR Index Average" shall be 
calculated on such Interest Determination Date with respect to the relevant Interest 
Period, in accordance with the formula set out in Condition 6.8(ii)(2) (SOFR 
Compound with Observation Period Shift) above and for such purpose, "Observation 
Shift Days" shall be the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
specified for such purpose in the relevant Issue Terms. If a Benchmark Transition 
Event and its related SOFR Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred, the 
provisions set forth in paragraph (iii) below shall apply. 
(iii) 
Effect of Benchmark Transition Event 
(A) 
Benchmark Replacement. If the Issuer or its designee determines that a Benchmark 
Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred in respect of 
any determination of the Benchmark on any date, the Benchmark Replacement will replace 
the then-current Benchmark for all purposes relating to the Securities in respect of such 
determination on such date and all determinations on all subsequent dates.

--- Page 167 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
Part 1: General Terms and Conditions 
 
 
167 
 
(B) 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes. In connection with the implementation of 
a Benchmark Replacement, the Issuer or its designee will have the right to make Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time. 
(C) 
Decisions and Determinations. Any determination, decision or election that may be made 
by the Issuer or its designee pursuant to this Condition 6.8(iii) (Effect of Benchmark 
Transition Event), including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment 
or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision 
to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection, will be conclusive and binding 
absent manifest error, will be made in the Issuer's or its designee's sole discretion, and, 
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the documentation relating to the Securities, 
shall become effective without consent from the holders of the Securities or any other party. 
For the avoidance of doubt, capitalised terms used in this Condition 6.8(iii) (Effect of 
Benchmark Transition Event) shall have the meanings given to them in Condition 2.1 
(Definitions).  
 
Provisions specific to SONIA as Reference Rate 
(i) 
If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Issue Terms as the 
manner in which a Floating Interest Rate is to be determined and SONIA is 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms as the Reference Rate, the Floating Interest 
Rate for an Interest Period will be the relevant SONIA Benchmark plus or minus 
(as indicated in the applicable Issue Terms) the Margin (if any) (as specified in 
the relevant Issue Terms), subject to a minimum of zero per cent. 
(ii) 
The "SONIA Benchmark" will be determined based on SONIA Compound 
with Lookback, SONIA Compound with Observation Period Shift, SONIA 
Compound with Payment Delay or SONIA Index Average, as follows: 
(1) 
if SONIA Compound with Lookback ("SONIA Compound with Lookback") is 
specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the SONIA Benchmark for each 
Interest Period shall be equal to the rate of return of a daily compound SONIA interest 
investment calculated in accordance with the following formula (with the resulting 
percentage rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a 
percentage point, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards to 0.00001): 
(∏(1 + SONIA𝑖−pLBD × 𝑛𝑖
365
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
) × 365
𝑑 
where: 
"d" means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period; 
"d0" for any Interest Period, means the number of London Banking Days in the 
relevant Interest Period; 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant London 
Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the first London Banking 
Day in the relevant Interest Period; 
"Lookback Days" means the number of London Banking Days specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms (which number shall not be specified as less than five without 
the prior agreement of the Calculation Agent);  
"ni" for any London Banking Day "i" in the relevant Interest Period, means the number 
of calendar days from, and including, such day "i" up to, but excluding, the following 
London Banking Day ("i+1"); 
"SONIAi-pLBD" for any London Banking Day "i" in the relevant Interest Period, is 
equal to the SONIA in respect of the London Banking Day falling a number of London 
Banking Days prior to that day "i" equal to the number of Lookback Days.

--- Page 168 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
Part 1: General Terms and Conditions 
 
 
168 
 
(2) 
if SONIA Compound with Observation Period Shift ("SONIA Compound with 
Observation Period Shift") is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the 
SONIA Benchmark for each Interest Period shall be equal to the rate of return of a 
daily compound SONIA interest investment calculated in accordance with the 
following formula (with the resulting percentage rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 
one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards 
to 0.00001): 
(∏(1 +
SONIA𝑖× 𝑛𝑖
365
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
) ×
365
𝑑 
where: 
"d" means the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation Period; 
"d0" for any Observation Period, means the number of London Banking Days in the 
relevant Observation Period; 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant London 
Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the first London Banking 
Day in the relevant Observation Period; 
"ni" for any London Banking Day "i" in the relevant Observation Period, means the 
number of calendar days from, and including, such day "i" up to, but excluding, the 
following London Banking Day ("i+1"); 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of each Interest Period, the period from, and 
including, the date falling a number of London Banking Days equal to the Observation 
Shift Days preceding the first day of such Interest Period to, but excluding, the date 
falling a number of London Banking Days equal to the Observation Shift Days 
preceding the Interest Period End Date for such Interest Period; 
"Observation Shift Days" means the number of London Banking Days specified in 
the relevant Issue Terms (which number shall not be specified as less than five without 
the prior agreement of the Calculation Agent); and 
"SONIAi" for any London Banking Day "i" in the relevant Observation Period, is 
equal to SONIA in respect of that day "i". 
(3) 
if SONIA Compound with Payment Delay ("SONIA Compound with Payment 
Delay") is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the SONIA Benchmark 
for each Interest Period shall be equal to the rate of return of a daily compound SONIA 
interest investment calculated in accordance with the following formula (with the 
resulting percentage rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of 
a percentage point, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards to 0.00001): 
(∏(1 +
SONIA𝑖× 𝑛𝑖
365
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
) ×
365
𝑑 
where: 
"d" means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period; 
"d0" for any Interest Period, means the number of London Banking Days in the 
relevant Interest Period; 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant London 
Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the first London Banking 
Day in the relevant Interest Period; 
"ni" for any London Banking Day "i" in the relevant Interest Period, means the number 
of calendar days from, and including, such day "i" up to, but excluding, the following 
London Banking Day ("i+1");

--- Page 169 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
Part 1: General Terms and Conditions 
 
 
169 
 
"SONIAi" for any London Banking Day "i" in the relevant Interest Period, is equal to 
SONIA in respect of that day "i". 
Where "SONIA Compound with Payment Delay" applies, for the purposes of 
calculating the SONIA Benchmark with respect to the final Interest Period, the level 
of SONIA for each London Banking Day in the period from (and including) the 
SONIA Rate Cut-Off Date to (but excluding) the Maturity Date or the redemption 
date, as applicable, shall be the level of SONIA in respect of such SONIA Rate Cut-
Off Date.  
(4) 
if SONIA Index Average ("SONIA Index Average") is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Issue Terms, the SONIA Benchmark for each Interest Period shall be equal 
to the rate of return of the SONIA Index calculated in accordance with the following 
formula (with the resulting percentage rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one 
hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards to 
0.00001): 
( 𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝐸𝑛𝑑
𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑆𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑡
−1) × (365
𝑑) 
where: 
"d" means the number of calendar days from, and including, the SONIA IndexStart to, 
but excluding, the SONIA IndexEnd. 
"Relevant Number" means the number specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms (which number shall not be specified as less than five without the prior 
agreement of the Calculation Agent). 
"SONIA Index" means in respect of any London Banking Day, the SONIA 
Compounded Index in relation to such London Banking Day as provided by the Bank 
of England (or any successor) to authorised distributors and as then published on the 
Relevant Screen Page, or if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise 
published by such authorised distributors, in each case on such London Banking Day.  
If the value of either or both of SONIA IndexStart or SONIA IndexEnd is not published 
or displayed on the Relevant Screen Page by the administrator of the SONIA Index or 
other information service by 5.00 p.m. (London time) (or, if later, by the time falling 
one hour after the customary or scheduled time for publication thereof in accordance 
with the then-prevailing operational procedures of the administrator of the SONIA 
Index or of such other information service, as the case may be) on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, the SONIA Benchmark for the applicable Interest Period for 
which the SONIA Index is not available shall be determined as set out under Condition 
6.9(ii)(2) (SONIA Compound with Observation Period Shift) above as if SONIA 
Compound with Observation Period Shift were specified as applicable in the relevant 
Issue Terms, and for these purposes: the Observation Shift Days in respect of the 
applicable Interest Period for which the SONIA Index is not available shall be deemed 
to be equal to the Relevant Number of London Banking Days plus one (or such other 
number of London Banking Days as is specified for this purpose in the applicable 
Issue Terms), as if such alternative elections had been made in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
"SONIA IndexEnd" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the SONIA Index value 
on the date that is the Relevant Number of London Banking Days preceding (a) the 
Interest Payment Date relating to such Interest Period or (b) such other date on which 
the relevant payment of interest falls due (but which by its definition or the operation 
of the relevant provisions is excluded from such Interest Period). 
"SONIA IndexStart" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the SONIA Index value 
on the date that is the Relevant Number of London Banking Days preceding the first 
date of the relevant Interest Period.  
For the purposes of this Condition 6.9 (Provisions specific to SONIA as Reference Rate), if 
SONIA in respect of any London Banking Day (the "Relevant London Banking Day") is 
not published on the Relevant Screen Page or by an authorised distributor, and is not

--- Page 170 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
Part 1: General Terms and Conditions 
 
 
170 
 
otherwise provided by the administrator of SONIA, by either (A) the immediately 
following London Banking Day (or any amended publication day for SONIA as specified 
by the administrator of SONIA in the SONIA benchmark methodology) or (B) such other 
date and time on which SONIA for the Relevant London Banking Day is required for the 
purpose of any determination pursuant to the Conditions and, in either case, none of the 
events triggering the fallbacks specified in Conditions 6.20 (Relevant Rates Benchmark 
Discontinuance or Prohibition on Use) or 6.22 (General Fallback Arrangements) (as 
applicable) have occurred, SONIA for the Relevant London Banking Day shall be deemed 
to be the rate equal to SONIA for the most recent London Banking Day in respect of which 
SONIA was so published or provided. 
 
Provisions specific to €STR as Reference Rate  
(i) 
If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Issue Terms as the 
manner in which a Floating Interest Rate is to be determined and €STR is 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms as the Reference Rate, the Floating Interest 
Rate for an Interest Period will be the relevant €STR Benchmark plus or minus 
(as indicated in the applicable Issue Terms) the Margin (if any) (as specified in 
the relevant Issue Terms), subject to a minimum of zero per cent. 
(ii) 
The "€STR Benchmark" will be determined based on €STR Compound with 
Lookback, €STR Compound with Observation Period Shift, €STR Compound 
with Payment Delay or €STR Index Average, as follows: 
(1) 
if €STR Compound with Lookback ("€STR Compound with Lookback") is 
specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the €STR Benchmark for each 
Interest Period shall be equal to the rate of return of a daily compound €STR interest 
investment calculated in accordance with the following formula (with the resulting 
percentage rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a 
percentage point, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards to 0.00001): 
(∏(1 + €STR𝑖−pTBD × 𝑛𝑖
360
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
) × 360
𝑑 
where: 
"d" means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period; 
"d0" for any Interest Period, means the number of TARGET Settlement Days in the 
relevant Interest Period; 
"€STRi-pTBD" for any TARGET Settlement Day "i" in the relevant Interest Period, is 
equal to €STR in respect of the TARGET Settlement Day falling a number of 
TARGET Settlement Days prior to that day "i" equal to the number of Lookback 
Days. 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant 
TARGET Settlement Day in chronological order from, and including, the first 
TARGET Settlement Day in the relevant Interest Period; 
"Lookback Days" means the number of TARGET Settlement Days specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms (which number shall not be specified as less than five without 
the prior agreement of the Calculation Agent); 
"ni" for any TARGET Settlement Day "i" in the relevant Interest Period, means the 
number of calendar days from, and including, such day "i" up to, but excluding, the 
following TARGET Settlement Day ("i+1"); 
(2) 
if €STR Compound with Observation Period Shift ("€STR Compound with 
Observation Period Shift") is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the 
€STR Benchmark for each Interest Period shall be equal to the rate of return of a daily 
compound €STR interest investment calculated in accordance with the following 
formula (with the resulting percentage rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one

--- Page 171 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
Part 1: General Terms and Conditions 
 
 
171 
 
hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards to 
0.00001): 
(∏(1 +
€STR𝑖× 𝑛𝑖
360
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
) ×
360
𝑑 
where: 
"d" means the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation Period; 
"d0" for any Observation Period, means the number of TARGET Settlement Days in 
the relevant Observation Period; 
"€STRi" for any TARGET Settlement Day "i" in the relevant Observation Period, is 
equal to €STR in respect of that day "i". 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant 
TARGET Settlement Day in chronological order from, and including, the first 
TARGET Settlement Day in the relevant Observation Period; 
"ni" for any TARGET Settlement Day "i" in the relevant Observation Period, means 
the number of calendar days from, and including, such day "i" up to, but excluding, 
the following TARGET Settlement Day ("i+1"); 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of each Interest Period, the period from, and 
including, the date falling a number of TARGET Settlement Days equal to the 
Observation Shift Days preceding the first day of such Interest Period to, but 
excluding, the date falling a number of TARGET Settlement Days equal to the 
Observation Shift Days preceding the Interest Period End Date for such Interest 
Period; and 
"Observation Shift Days" means the number of TARGET Settlement Days specified 
in the relevant Issue Terms (which number shall not be specified as less than five 
without the prior agreement of the Calculation Agent). 
(3) 
if €STR Compound with Payment Delay ("€STR Compound with Payment Delay") 
is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the €STR Benchmark for each 
Interest Period shall be equal to the rate of return of a daily compound €STR interest 
investment calculated in accordance with the following formula (with the resulting 
percentage rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a 
percentage point, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards to 0.00001): 
(∏(1 +
€STR𝑖× 𝑛𝑖
360
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
) ×
360
𝑑 
where: 
"d" means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period; 
"d0" for any Interest Period, means the number of TARGET Settlement Days in the 
relevant Interest Period; 
"€STRi" for any TARGET Settlement Day "i" in the relevant Interest Period, is equal 
to €STR in respect of that day "i". 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant 
TARGET Settlement Day in chronological order from, and including, the first 
TARGET Settlement Day in the relevant Interest Period; 
"ni" for any TARGET Settlement Day "i" in the relevant Interest Period, means the 
number of calendar days from, and including, such day "i" up to, but excluding, the 
following TARGET Settlement Day ("i+1"). 
Where "€STR Compound with Payment Delay" applies, for the purposes of 
calculating €STR with respect to the final Interest Period, the level of €STR for each

--- Page 172 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
Part 1: General Terms and Conditions 
 
 
172 
 
TARGET Settlement Day in the period from (and including) the €STR Rate Cut-Off 
Date to (but excluding) the Maturity Date or the redemption date, as applicable, shall 
be the level of €STR in respect of such €STR Rate Cut-Off Date. 
 (4) if €STR Index Average ("€STR Index Average") is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Issue Terms, the €STR Benchmark for each Interest Period shall be equal to 
the rate of return of the €STR Index calculated in accordance with the following 
formula (with the resulting percentage rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one 
hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards to 
0.00001): 
(€𝑆𝑇𝑅 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝐸𝑛𝑑
€𝑆𝑇𝑅𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑆𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑡
−1) × (360
𝑑) 
where: 
"d" means the number of calendar days from, and including, the €STR IndexStart to, 
but excluding, the €STR IndexEnd. 
"€STR Index" means, in respect of any TARGET Settlement Day, the Compounded 
€STR Index in relation to such TARGET Settlement Day as published by the ECB on 
the ECB's Website on such TARGET Settlement Day and appearing on the Relevant 
Screen Page. 
If the value of either or both of €STR IndexStart or €STR IndexEnd is not published or 
displayed on the ECB's Website or the Relevant Screen Page by the administrator of 
the €STR Index or other information service by 5.00 p.m. (Central European Time) 
(or, if later, by the time falling one hour after the customary or scheduled time for 
publication thereof in accordance with the then-prevailing operational procedures of 
the administrator of €STR Index or of such other information service, as the case may 
be) on the relevant Interest Determination Date, the €STR Benchmark for the 
applicable Interest Period for which the €STR Index is not available shall be 
determined as set out under Condition 6.10(ii)(2) (€STR Compound with Observation 
Period Shift) above as if €STR Compound with Observation Period Shift were 
specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, and for these purposes: the 
Observation Shift Days in respect of the applicable Interest Period for which the €STR 
Index is not available shall be deemed to be equal to the Relevant Number of 
TARGET Settlement Days plus one (or such other number of TARGET Settlement 
Days as is specified for this purpose in the applicable Issue Terms), as if such 
alternative elections had been made in the applicable Issue Terms.   
"€STR IndexEnd" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the €STR Index value on 
the date that is the Relevant Number of TARGET Settlement Days specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms preceding (a) the Interest Payment Date relating to such Interest 
Period or (b) such other date on which the relevant payment of interest falls due (but 
which by its definition or the operation of the relevant provisions is excluded from 
such Interest Period). 
"€STR IndexStart" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the €STR Index value on 
the date that is the Relevant Number of TARGET Settlement Days preceding the first 
date of the relevant Interest Period. 
"Relevant Number" means the number specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms (which number shall not be specified as less than five without the prior 
agreement of the Calculation Agent). 
For the purposes of this Condition 6.10 (Provisions specific to €STR as Reference Rate), if 
€STR in respect of any TARGET Settlement Day (the "Relevant TARGET Settlement 
Day") is not published on the Relevant Screen Page or by an authorised distributor, and is 
not otherwise provided by the administrator of €STR, by either (A) the immediately 
following TARGET Settlement Day (or any amended publication day for €STR as specified 
by the administrator of €STR in the €STR benchmark methodology) or (B) such other date 
and time on which €STR for the Relevant TARGET Settlement Day is required for the 
purpose of any determination pursuant to the Conditions and, in either case, none of the

--- Page 173 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
Part 1: General Terms and Conditions 
 
 
173 
 
events triggering the fallbacks specified in Conditions 6.20 (Relevant Rates Benchmark 
Discontinuance or Prohibition on Use) or 6.22 (General Fallback Arrangements) (as 
applicable) have occurred, €STR for the Relevant TARGET Settlement Day shall be 
deemed to be the rate equal to €STR for the most recent TARGET Settlement Day in respect 
of which €STR was so published or provided. 
 
Provisions specific to SARON as Reference Rate 
(i) 
If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Issue Terms as the 
manner in which a Floating Interest Rate is to be determined and SARON is 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms as the Reference Rate, the Floating Interest 
Rate for an Interest Period will be the relevant SARON Benchmark plus or minus 
(as indicated in the applicable Issue Terms) the Margin (if any) (as specified in 
the relevant Issue Terms), subject to a minimum of zero per cent. 
(ii) 
The "SARON Benchmark" will be determined based on SARON Compound 
with Lookback, SARON Compound with Observation Period Shift, SARON 
Compound with Payment Delay or SAION Index Average, as follows: 
(1) 
if SARON Compound with Lookback ("SARON Compound with Lookback") is 
specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the SARON Benchmark for each 
Interest Period shall be equal to the rate of return of a daily compound SARON 
interest investment calculated in accordance with the following formula (with the 
resulting percentage rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of 
a percentage point, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards to 0.00001): 
(∏(1 + SARON𝑖−xZBD × 𝑛𝑖
360
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
) × 360
𝑑 
where: 
"d" means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period; 
"d0" for any Interest Period, means the number of Zurich Banking Days in the relevant 
Interest Period; 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant Zurich 
Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the first Zurich Banking Day 
in the relevant Interest Period; 
"Lookback Days" means the number of Zurich Banking Days specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms (which number shall not be specified as less than five without 
the prior agreement of the Calculation Agent); 
"ni" for any Zurich Banking Day "i" in the relevant Interest Period, means the number 
of calendar days from, and including, such day "i" up to, but excluding, the following 
Zurich Banking Day ("i+1"); 
"SARONi-xZBD " for any Zurich Banking Day "i" in the relevant Interest Period, is 
equal to SARON in respect of the Zurich Banking Day falling a number of Zurich 
Banking Days prior to that day "i" equal to the number of Lookback Days.  
(2) 
if SARON Compound with Observation Period Shift ("SARON Compound with 
Observation Period Shift") is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the 
SARON Benchmark for each Interest Period shall be equal to the rate of return of a 
daily compound SARON interest investment calculated in accordance with the 
following formula (with the resulting percentage rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 
one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards 
to 0.00001): 
(∏(1 +
SARON𝑖× 𝑛𝑖
360
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
) ×
360
𝑑

--- Page 174 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
Part 1: General Terms and Conditions 
 
 
174 
 
where: 
"d" means the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation Period; 
"d0" for any Observation Period, means the number of Zurich Banking Days in the 
relevant Observation Period; 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant Zurich 
Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the first Zurich Banking Day 
in the relevant Observation Period; 
"ni" for any Zurich Banking Day "i" in the relevant Observation Period, means the 
number of calendar days from, and including, such day "i" up to, but excluding, the 
following Zurich Banking Day ("i+1"); 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of each Interest Period, the period from, and 
including, the date falling a number of Zurich Banking Days equal to the Observation 
Shift Days preceding the first day of such Interest Period to, but excluding, the date 
falling a number of Zurich Banking Days equal to the Observation Shift Days 
preceding the Interest Period End Date for such Interest Period; 
"Observation Shift Days" means the number of Zurich Banking Days specified in 
the relevant Issue Terms (which number shall not be specified as less than five without 
the prior agreement of the Calculation Agent); and 
"SARONi" for any Zurich Banking Day "i" in the relevant Observation Period, is 
equal to SARON in respect of that day "i". 
(3) 
if SARON Compound with Payment Delay ("SARON Compound with Payment 
Delay") is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the SARON 
Benchmark for each Interest Period shall be equal to the rate of return of a daily 
compound SARON interest investment calculated in accordance with the following 
formula (with the resulting percentage rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one 
hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards to 
0.00001): 
(∏(1 +
SARON𝑖× 𝑛𝑖
360
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
) ×
360
𝑑 
where: 
"d" means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period; 
"d0" for any Interest Period, means the number of Zurich Banking Days in the relevant 
Interest Period; 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant Zurich 
Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the first Zurich Banking Day 
in the relevant Interest Period; 
"ni" for any Zurich Banking Day "i" in the relevant Interest Period, means the number 
of calendar days from, and including, such day "i" up to, but excluding, the following 
Zurich Banking Day ("i+1"); 
"SARONi" for any Zurich Banking Day "i" in the relevant Interest Period, is equal to 
SARON in respect of that day "i". 
Where "SARON Compound with Payment Delay" applies, for the purposes of 
calculating SARON with respect to the final Interest Period, the level of SARON for 
each Zurich Banking Day in the period from (and including) the SARON Rate Cut-
Off Date to (but excluding) the Maturity Date or the redemption date, as applicable, 
shall be the level of SARON in respect of such SARON Rate Cut-Off Date.  
(4) 
if SAION Index Average ("SAION Index Average") is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Issue Terms, the SARON Benchmark for each Interest Period shall be equal 
to the rate of return of the SAION Index calculated in accordance with the following

--- Page 175 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
Part 1: General Terms and Conditions 
 
 
175 
 
formula (with the resulting percentage rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one 
hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards to 
0.00001): 
( 𝑆𝐴𝐼𝑂𝑁 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝐸𝑛𝑑
𝑆𝐴𝐼𝑂𝑁 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑆𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑡
−1) × (360
𝑑) 
where: 
"d" means the number of calendar days from, and including, the SAION IndexStart to, 
but excluding, the SAION IndexEnd. 
"Relevant Number" means the number specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms (which number shall not be specified as less than five without the prior 
agreement of the Calculation Agent). 
"SAION Index" means, in respect of any Zurich Banking Day, the SAION Index in 
relation to such Zurich Banking Day as provided by SIX Index AG (or any successor 
administrator) to authorised distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen 
Page, or if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by such 
administrator or authorised distributors, in each case on such Zurich Banking Day. 
If the value of either or both of SAION IndexStart or SAION IndexEnd is not published 
or displayed by the administrator of the SARON or other information service by 6.00 
p.m. (Zurich time) (or, if later, by the time falling one hour after the customary or 
scheduled time for publication thereof in accordance with the then-prevailing 
operational procedures of the administrator of the SAION Index or of such other 
information service, as the case may be) on the relevant Interest Determination Date, 
the SARON Benchmark for the applicable Interest Period for which the SAION Index 
is not available shall be determined as set out under Condition 6.11 (ii)(2) (SARON 
Compound with Observation Period Shift) above as if SARON Compound with 
Observation Period Shift were specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, and 
for these purposes the Observation Shift Days in respect of the applicable Interest 
Period for which the SAION Index is not available shall be deemed to be equal to the 
Relevant Number of Zurich Banking Days plus one (or such other number of Zurich 
Banking Days as is specified for this purpose in the applicable Issue Terms), as if such 
alternative elections had been made in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"SAION IndexEnd" means, with respect to an Interest Period, the SAION Index value 
on the date that is the Relevant Number of Zurich Banking Days preceding (a) the 
Interest Payment Date relating to such Interest Period or (b) such other date on which 
the relevant payment of interest falls due (but which by its definition or the operation 
of the relevant provisions is excluded from such Interest Period). 
"SAION IndexStart" means, with respect to an Interest Period, the SAION Index value 
on the date that is the Relevant Number of Zurich Banking Days preceding the first 
date of the relevant Interest Period. 
For the purposes of this Condition 6.11 (Provisions specific to SARON as Reference Rate), 
if SARON in respect of any Zurich Banking Day (the "Relevant Zurich Banking Day") 
is not published on the Relevant Screen Page or by an authorised distributor, and is not 
otherwise provided by the administrator of SARON, by either (A) that Zurich Banking Day 
(or any amended publication day for SARON as specified by the administrator of SARON 
in the SARON benchmark methodology) or (B) such other date and time on which SARON 
for the Relevant Zurich Banking Day is required for the purpose of any determination 
pursuant to the Conditions and, in either case, none of the events triggering the fallbacks 
specified in Conditions 6.20 (Relevant Rates Benchmark Discontinuance or Prohibition on 
Use) or 6.22 (General Fallback Arrangements) (as applicable) have occurred, SARON for 
the Relevant Zurich Banking Day shall be deemed to be the rate equal to SARON for the 
most recent Zurich Banking Day in respect of which SARON was so published or provided.

--- Page 176 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
Part 1: General Terms and Conditions 
 
 
176 
 
 
Provisions specific to TONA as Reference Rate  
(i) 
If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Issue Terms as the 
manner in which a Floating Interest Rate is to be determined and TONA is 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms as the Reference Rate, the Floating Interest 
Rate for an Interest Period will be the relevant TONA Benchmark plus or minus 
(as indicated in the applicable Issue Terms) the Margin (if any) (as specified in 
the relevant Issue Terms), subject to a minimum of zero per cent. 
(ii) 
The "TONA Benchmark" will be determined based on TONA Compound with 
Lookback, TONA Compound with Observation Period Shift, TONA Compound 
with Payment Delay or TONA Index Average, as follows: 
(1) 
if TONA Compound with Lookback ("TONA Compound with Lookback") is 
specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the TONA Benchmark for each 
Interest Period shall be equal to the rate of return of a daily compound TONA interest 
investment calculated in accordance with the following formula (with the resulting 
percentage rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a 
percentage point, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards to 0.00001): 
(∏(1 + TONA𝑖−pTBD × 𝑛𝑖
365
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
) × 365
𝑑 
where: 
"d" means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period; 
"d0" for any Interest Period, means the number of Tokyo Banking Days in the relevant 
Interest Period; 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant Tokyo 
Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the first Tokyo Banking Day 
in the relevant Interest Period; 
"Lookback Days" means the number of Tokyo Banking Days specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms (which number shall not be specified as less than five without the prior 
agreement of the Calculation Agent); 
"ni" for any Tokyo Banking Day "i" in the relevant Interest Period, means the number 
of calendar days from, and including, such day "i" up to, but excluding, the following 
Tokyo Banking Day ("i+1"); 
"TONAi-pTBD" for any Tokyo Banking Day "i" in the relevant Interest Period, is equal 
to TONA in respect of the Tokyo Banking Day falling a number of Tokyo Banking 
Days prior to that day "i" equal to the number of Lookback Days. 
(2) 
if TONA Compound with Observation Period Shift ("TONA Compound with 
Observation Period Shift") is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the 
TONA Benchmark for each Interest Period shall be equal to the rate of return of a 
daily compound TONA interest investment calculated in accordance with the 
following formula (with the resulting percentage rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 
one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards 
to 0.00001): 
(∏(1 +
TONA𝑖× 𝑛𝑖
365
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
) ×
365
𝑑 
where: 
"d" means the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation Period; 
"d0" for any Observation Period, means the number of Tokyo Banking Days in the 
relevant Observation Period;

--- Page 177 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
Part 1: General Terms and Conditions 
 
 
177 
 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant Tokyo 
Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the first Tokyo Banking Day 
in the relevant Observation Period; 
"ni" for any Tokyo Banking Day "i" in the relevant Observation Period, means the 
number of calendar days from, and including, such day "i" up to, but excluding, the 
following Tokyo Banking Day ("i+1"); 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of each Interest Period, the period from, and 
including, the date falling a number of Tokyo Banking Days equal to the Observation 
Shift Days preceding the first day of such Interest Period to, but excluding, the date 
falling a number of Tokyo Banking Days equal to the Observation Shift Days 
preceding the Interest Period End Date for such Interest Period; 
"Observation Shift Days" means the number of Tokyo Banking Days specified in 
the relevant Issue Terms (which number shall not be specified as less than five without 
the prior agreement of the Calculation Agent); and 
"TONAi" for any Tokyo Banking Day "i" in the relevant Observation Period, is equal 
to TONA in respect of that day "i". 
(3) 
if TONA Compound with Payment Delay ("TONA Compound with Payment 
Delay") is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the TONA Benchmark 
for each Interest Period shall be equal to the rate of return of a daily compound TONA 
interest investment calculated in accordance with the following formula (with the 
resulting percentage rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of 
a percentage point, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards to 0.00001): 
(∏(1 +
TONA𝑖× 𝑛𝑖
365
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
) ×
365
𝑑 
where: 
"d" means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period; 
"d0" for any Interest Period, means the number of Tokyo Banking Days in the relevant 
Interest Period; 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant Tokyo 
Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the first Tokyo Banking Day 
in the relevant Interest Period; 
"ni" for any Tokyo Banking Day "i" in the relevant Interest Period, means the number 
of calendar days from, and including, such day "i" up to, but excluding, the following 
Tokyo Banking Day ("i+1"); 
"TONAi" for any Tokyo Banking Day "i" in the relevant Interest Period, is equal to 
TONA in respect of that day "i". 
Where "TONA Compound with Payment Delay" applies, for the purposes of 
calculating TONA with respect to the final Interest Period, the level of TONA for each 
Tokyo Banking Day in the period from (and including) the TONA Rate Cut-Off Date 
to (but excluding) the Maturity Date or the redemption date, as applicable, shall be 
the level of TONA in respect of such TONA Rate Cut-Off Date. 
(4) 
if TONA Index Average ("TONA Index Average") is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Issue Terms, the TONA Benchmark for each Interest Period shall be equal 
to the rate of return of the TONA Index calculated in accordance with the following 
formula (with the resulting percentage rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one 
hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards to 
0.00001): 
( 𝑇𝑂𝑁𝐴 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝐸𝑛𝑑
𝑇𝑂𝑁𝐴 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑆𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑡
−1) × (365
𝑑) 
where:

--- Page 178 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
Part 1: General Terms and Conditions 
 
 
178 
 
"d" means the number of calendar days from, and including, the TONA IndexStart to, 
but excluding, the TONA IndexEnd. 
"Relevant Number" means the number specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms (which number shall not be specified as less than five without the prior 
agreement of the Calculation Agent). 
"TONA Index" means, in respect of any Tokyo Banking Day, the TONA Index in 
relation to such Tokyo Banking Day as provided by QUICK Corp (or any successor 
administrator) and published on the Relevant Screen Page, or if the Relevant Screen 
Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by QUICK Corp. (or successor 
administrator), in each case on such Tokyo Banking Day. 
If the value of either or both of TONA IndexStart or TONA IndexEnd is not published 
or displayed on the Relevant Screen Page by the administrator of the TONA Index or 
other information service by 5.00 p.m. (Tokyo time) (or, if later, by the time falling 
one hour after the customary or scheduled time for publication thereof in accordance 
with the then-prevailing operational procedures of the administrator of the TONA 
Index or of such other information service, as the case may be) on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, the TONA Benchmark for the applicable Interest Period for 
which the TONA Index is not available shall be determined as set out under Condition 
6.12(ii)(2) (TONA Compound with Observation Period Shift) above as if TONA 
Compound with Observation Period Shift were specified as applicable in the relevant 
Issue Terms, and for these purposes: the Observation Shift Days in respect of the 
applicable Interest Period for which the TONA Index is not available shall be deemed 
to be equal to the Relevant Number of Tokyo Banking Days plus one (or such other 
number of Tokyo Banking Days as is specified for this purpose in the applicable Issue 
Terms), as if such alternative elections had been made in the applicable Issue Terms.  
"TONA IndexEnd" means, with respect to an Interest Period, the TONA Index value 
on the date that is the Relevant Number of Tokyo Banking Days preceding (a) the 
Interest Payment Date relating to such Interest Period or (b) such other date on which 
the relevant payment of interest falls due (but which by its definition or the operation 
of the relevant provisions is excluded from such Interest Period). 
"TONA IndexStart" means, with respect to an Interest Period, the TONA Index value 
on the date that is the Relevant Number of Tokyo Banking Days preceding the first 
date of the relevant Interest Period. 
For the purposes of this Condition 6.12 (Provisions specific to TONA as Reference Rate), 
if TONA in respect of any Tokyo Banking Day (the "Relevant Tokyo Banking Day") is 
not published on the Relevant Screen Page or by an authorised distributor, and is not 
otherwise provided by the administrator of TONA, by either (A) the immediately following 
Tokyo Banking Day (or any amended publication day for TONA as specified by the 
administrator of TONA in the TONA benchmark methodology) or (B) such other date and 
time on which TONA for the Relevant Tokyo Banking Day is required for the purpose of 
any determination pursuant to the Conditions and, in either case, none of the events 
triggering the fallbacks specified in Conditions 6.20 (Relevant Rates Benchmark 
Discontinuance or Prohibition on Use) or 6.22 (General Fallback Arrangements) (as 
applicable) have occurred, TONA for the Relevant Tokyo Banking Day shall be deemed to 
be the rate equal to TONA for the most recent Tokyo Banking Day in respect of which 
TONA was so published or provided. 
 
Equity-Linked, Commodity-Linked, Currency-Linked, Inflation-Linked, Fund-Linked Interest 
Provisions and Futures Contract-Linked Interest Provisions:  If one of more of the Equity-
Linked, Commodity-Linked, Currency-Linked, Inflation-Linked, Fund-Linked or Futures 
Contract-Linked Interest Provisions are specified in the applicable Issue Terms as being 
applicable, the interest payable in respect of the Securities for each Interest Period will be 
determined in accordance with such provisions of the Additional Terms and Conditions as are 
specified as being applicable in the applicable Issue Terms.

--- Page 179 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
Part 1: General Terms and Conditions 
 
 
179 
 
 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest:  If any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of 
Interest is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Rate of Interest shall in no event be 
greater than the maximum or be less than the minimum so specified. 
 
Calculation of Interest Amount:  In respect of Floating Rate Securities and in respect of Securities 
for which one or more of the Equity-Linked, Commodity-Linked, Currency-Linked, Inflation-
Linked, Fund-Linked or Futures Contract-Linked Interest Provisions are specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms as being applicable ("Other Underlying Interest Linked Securities"), the 
Determination Agent will, as soon as practicable after the time at which the Rate of Interest is to 
be determined in relation to each Interest Period, calculate the Interest Amount payable in respect 
of each Floating Rate Security or, as the case may be, Other Underlying Interest Linked Security 
for such Interest Period.  The Interest Amount will be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest 
for such Interest Period to the Calculation Amount, multiplying the product by the relevant Day 
Count Fraction, rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency 
(half a sub-unit being rounded upwards) and multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal 
to the Specified Denomination (in the case of Notes) or Specified Unit Value (in the case of 
Certificates) of the relevant Security divided by the Calculation Amount.  For this purpose a "sub-
unit" means, in the case of any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that 
is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, in the case of euro, means one cent. 
 
Publication:  The Determination Agent will cause each Rate of Interest and Interest Amount 
determined by it, together with the relevant Interest Payment Date, and any other amount(s) 
required to be determined by it together with any relevant payment date(s) to be notified to the 
Paying Agents and each listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by 
which the Securities have been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation as soon as practicable 
after such determination and in any event not later than 15 Business Days after such determination.  
Notice thereof shall also be given to the Securityholders as soon as practicable after such 
determination and in any event not later than 15 Business Days after such determination.  The 
Determination Agent will be entitled to recalculate any Interest Amount (on the basis of the 
foregoing provisions) in the event of an extension or shortening of the relevant Interest Period and 
shall be required to notify the Securityholders, the Paying Agents and each listing authority, stock 
exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by which the Securities have been admitted to listing, 
trading and/or quotation as soon as practicable after such recalculation and in any event not more 
than 15 Business Days after such recalculation has been made. 
 
Notifications etc.: All notifications, certificates, calculations given, expressed, made or obtained 
for the purposes of this Condition 6 (Floating Rate Security, Equity-Linked, Commodity-Linked, 
Currency-Linked, Inflation-Linked, Fund-Linked and Futures Contract-Linked Interest 
Provisions) by the Calculation Agent will (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the 
Issuer, the Paying Agents, the Securityholders and (subject as aforesaid) no liability to any such 
Person will attach to the Calculation Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it 
of its powers and duties for such purposes.   
 
Interest on Swedish Securities:  For the purposes of calculation of any amount of interest on 
Swedish Securities, the provisions of this Condition 6 (Floating Rate Security, Equity-Linked, 
Commodity-Linked, Currency-Linked, Inflation-Linked, Fund-Linked and Futures Contract-
Linked Interest Provisions) shall be amended so that all periods shall consist of the period from 
(but excluding) the first day of the relevant period up to (and including) the last day of the relevant 
period. 
 
Interest on Structured Rate Linked Securities: This Condition 6 (Floating Rate Security, Equity-
Linked, Commodity-Linked, Currency-Linked, Inflation-Linked, Fund-Linked and Futures 
Contract-Linked Interest Provisions) shall apply to Floating to Fixed Rate Securities, Steepener 
Securities, Digital Option Securities, Inverse Floater Securities and Switchable Securities 
(collectively, the "Structured Rate Linked Securities"). Structured Rate Linked Securities (other 
than Fixed to Floating Switchable Securities) shall be deemed Floating Rate Securities for the 
purposes hereof and interest shall accrue and be payable on Structured Rate Linked Securities 
(other than Fixed to Floating Switchable Securities) in respect of each Interest Period at the Rate 
of Interest in accordance with Condition 6.3 (Accrual of Interest).

--- Page 180 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
Part 1: General Terms and Conditions 
 
 
180 
 
 
Relevant Rates Benchmark Discontinuance or Prohibition on Use: If (i) Condition 6.8 (Effect of 
Benchmark Transition Event) and Condition 6.21 (CMS Reference Rate – Effect of Index Cessation 
Event) do not apply and (ii) unless otherwise specified in the Issue Terms, where ISDA 
Determination is specified in the applicable Issue Terms as the manner in which the Floating 
Interest Rate is to be determined, after application of any ISDA Bespoke Fallbacks specified in the 
relevant Floating Rate Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) to apply following the 
occurrence of any of the following events and the application of such ISDA Bespoke Fallbacks 
fails to provide a means of determining the relevant Floating Rate (as defined in the ISDA 
Definitions), then, notwithstanding the terms set forth elsewhere in these Base Conditions, if the 
Determination Agent determines that any of the following events has occurred: 
(a) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of the 
Relevant Rates Benchmark announcing that it has ceased or will cease to provide the 
Relevant Rates Benchmark permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of 
statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide 
the Relevant Rates Benchmark; or 
(b) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the Relevant Rates Benchmark, the central bank for the currency of the 
Relevant Rates Benchmark, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator 
of the Relevant Rates Benchmark, a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the 
administrator of the Relevant Rates Benchmark or a court or an entity with similar 
insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator of the Relevant Rates Benchmark, 
which states that the administrator of the Relevant Rates Benchmark has ceased or will 
cease to provide the Relevant Rates Benchmark permanently or indefinitely, provided that, 
at the time of the statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will 
continue to provide the Relevant Rates Benchmark; or 
(c) 
unless otherwise specified in the Issue Terms, an Administrator/Benchmark Event occurs 
in relation to a Relevant Rates Benchmark, 
then the Determination Agent may use, as a substitute for the Relevant Rates Benchmark, and for 
each future Interest Determination Date (or other rate fixing date), the alternative rates benchmark 
determined in accordance with the following provisions: 
(i) 
if an alternative reference rate, index or benchmark is specified in the Issue Terms for this 
purpose (an "Alternative Pre-nominated Reference Rate"), such Alternative Pre-
nominated Reference Rate; or 
(ii) 
if an Alternative Pre-nominated Reference Rate is not specified in the Issue Terms, the 
alternative reference rate, index or benchmark selected by the central bank, reserve bank, 
monetary authority or any similar institution (including any committee or working group 
thereof) in the jurisdiction of the applicable index currency that is consistent with accepted 
market practice (the rate determined under sub-paragraph (i) above or this sub-paragraph 
(ii), the "Alternative Rate").  
The Determination Agent may, after consultation with the Issuer, determine any adjustments to 
the Alternative Rate or the Margin (which may include the addition of an adjustment spread, which 
may be positive or negative, in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable, 
any transfer of economic value to or from the Issuer as a result of the replacement of the Relevant 
Rates Benchmark with the Alternative Rate), as well as the applicable Business Day Convention, 
Interest Determination Dates (or any other rate fixing dates) and related provisions and definitions 
of the Securities, in each case that are consistent with accepted market practice for the use of such 
Alternative Rate for debt obligations such as the Securities.  
If the Determination Agent determines, after consultation with the Issuer, that no such Alternative 
Rate exists on the relevant date, it may, after consultation with the Issuer, determine an alternative 
rate to be used as a substitute for the Relevant Rates Benchmark (which shall be the "Alternative 
Rate" for the purposes of these provisions), as well as any adjustments to the Margin (including 
any adjustment spread), the Business Day Convention, the Interest Determination Dates (or any 
other rate fixing dates) and related provisions and definitions in respect of the Securities, in each

--- Page 181 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
Part 1: General Terms and Conditions 
 
 
181 
 
case, that are consistent with accepted market practice for the use of such Alternative Rate for debt 
obligations such as the Securities. 
The Issuer will then provide a notice, in accordance with Condition 28 (Notices), to 
Securityholders to inform them of the occurrence of any of events listed in Conditions 6.20(a) to 
6.20(c) (the Relevant Rates Benchmark Discontinuance or Prohibition of Use) above, the 
Alternative Rate and any adjustment determinations which will apply to the Securities. The notice 
shall also confirm the effective date of the Alternative Rate and any adjustments. 
Notwithstanding anything else in this Condition 6.20 (Relevant Rates Benchmark Discontinuance 
or Prohibition on Use), if the Determination Agent determines that the selection of a particular 
index, benchmark or other price as an "Alternative Rate" (taking into account any necessary 
adjustments that would need to be made in accordance with this Condition 6.20 (Relevant Rates 
Benchmark Discontinuance or Prohibition on Use)) (1) is or would be unlawful under any 
applicable law or regulation; or (2) would contravene any applicable licensing requirements; or 
(3) would result in the Determination Agent, the Issuer or the Calculation Agent being considered 
to be administering a benchmark, index or other price source whose production, publication, 
methodology or governance would subject the Determination Agent, the Issuer or the Calculation 
Agent to material additional regulatory obligations which it is unwilling to undertake, then the 
Determination Agent shall not select such index, benchmark or price source as the Alternative 
Rate). 
If the Determination Agent is unable to identify an Alternative Rate and determine the necessary 
adjustments to the terms of the Securities, then the Issuer may, in its reasonable discretion, 
determine that the Securities shall be redeemed as of any later date. If the Issuer so determines that 
the Securities shall be redeemed, then the Issuer shall give not less than five Business Days' notice 
to the Securityholders to redeem the Securities and upon redemption the Issuer will pay in respect 
of each Security an amount equal to either: 
(A) 
If "Early Redemption Amount (Benchmark Trigger Event) – Fixed Redemption" is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount per Calculation Amount (expressed as a 
percentage) as specified in the applicable Issue Terms; 
(B) 
If "Early Redemption Amount (Benchmark Trigger Event) – Fixed Redemption Less Costs" 
is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount per Calculation Amount (expressed 
as a percentage) as specified in the applicable Issue Terms less the reasonable cost to and/or 
the loss realised by, the Issuer and/or any Affiliate on unwinding any related hedging 
arrangements, in each case as calculated by the Determination Agent in its reasonable 
discretion; 
(C) 
If "Early Redemption Amount (Benchmark Trigger Event) – Fair Market Value Less Costs" 
is specified in the Issue Terms, the fair market value of such Security, on such date as is 
selected by the Determination Agent in its reasonable discretion (provided that such day is 
not more than 15 days before the date fixed for redemption of the Security),  less the 
proportion attributable to that Security of the reasonable cost to the Issuer and/ or any 
Affiliate of, or the loss realised by the Issuer and/or any Affiliate on unwinding any related 
hedging arrangements, all as calculated by the Determination Agent in its reasonable 
discretion; or 
(D) 
If "Early Redemption Amount (Benchmark Trigger Event) – Fair Market Value" is 
specified in the Issue Terms, the fair market value of such Security, on such day as is 
selected by the Determination Agent in its reasonable discretion (provided that such day is 
not more than 15 days before the date fixed for redemption of the Security),  as calculated 
by the Determination Agent in its reasonable discretion. 
The Issuer's obligations under the Securities shall be satisfied in full upon payment of such amount. 
In the case where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Issue Terms as the manner in 
which the Floating Interest Rate is to be determined, and the application of any ISDA Bespoke 
Fallbacks specified in the relevant Floating Rate Option results in a replacement of, modification 
to, or change in the method of calculating, the Floating Rate (or the index, benchmark or other

--- Page 182 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
Part 1: General Terms and Conditions 
 
 
182 
 
price source that is referred to in the Floating Rate Option), the Determination Agent may, after 
consultation with the Issuer, determine any adjustments to the Floating Rate and the Margin 
(including any adjustment spread) as well as the applicable Business Day Convention, Interest 
Determination Dates (or any other rate fixing dates) and related provisions and definitions of the 
Securities, in each case that are consistent with accepted market practice for the use of such 
replacement or modified Floating Rate for debt obligations such as the Securities. The Issuer will 
provide a notice, in accordance with Condition 28 (Notices), to Securityholders to inform them of 
any adjustment determinations which will apply to the Securities. The notice shall also confirm 
the effective date of any adjustments. 
 
CMS Reference Rate – Effect of Index Cessation Event 
This Condition 6.21 (CMS Reference Rate – Effect of Index Cessation Event) applies where (i) the 
Relevant Rates Benchmark is a CMS Reference Rate and (ii) the applicable Issue Terms specifies 
that the provisions of this Condition 6.21 (CMS Reference Rate – Effect of Index Cessation Event) 
are applicable. 
(a) 
Index Cessation. If, as of an Interest Determination Date or any other relevant day on which a 
CMS Reference Rate is to be determined, an Index Cessation Effective Date with respect to the 
applicable tenor of the then-current CMS Reference Rate has occurred, then the CMS Reference 
Rate in respect of such Interest Determination Date or other relevant day (as applicable) and each 
subsequent Interest Determination Date or other relevant day (as applicable) shall be the sum of 
(i) the Benchmark Replacement; and (ii) any adjustment spread (which may be a positive or 
negative value or zero), in each case determined on that Interest Determination Date or other 
relevant day (as applicable) by the Determination Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner. Following the occurrence of an Index Cessation Effective Date in respect of 
one or more Index Cessation Events, the determination of the Benchmark Replacement and any 
adjustment spread will be a one-time process and will apply to each following Interest 
Determination Date or other relevant day (as applicable). 
(b) 
Early Redemption. If the implementation of any Benchmark Replacement or Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes results in a calculation of the CMS Reference Rate that is not 
consistent with market practice as determined by the Determination Agent, the Issuer may, in its 
reasonable discretion, determine that the Securities shall be redeemed as of any later date. If the 
Issuer so determines that the Securities shall be redeemed, then the Issuer shall give not less than 
five Business Days' notice to the Securityholders to redeem the Securities and upon redemption 
the Issuer will pay in respect of each Security an amount equal to: 
(i) 
if "Early Redemption Amount (CMS Reference Rate) – Fixed Redemption" is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms, an amount per Calculation Amount (expressed as a percentage) 
as specified in the applicable Issue Terms; 
(ii) if "Early Redemption Amount (CMS Reference Rate) – Fixed Redemption Less Costs" is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount per Calculation Amount (expressed as a 
percentage) as specified in the applicable Issue Terms less the reasonable cost to and/or the 
loss realised by, the Issuer and/or any Affiliate on unwinding any related hedging 
arrangements, in each case as calculated by the Determination Agent in its reasonable 
discretion;  
(iii) if "Early Redemption Amount (CMS Reference Rate) – Fair Market Value Less Costs" is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount equal to the fair market value of such 
Security, on such day as is selected by the Determination Agent in its reasonable discretion 
(provided that such day is not more than 15 days before the date fixed for redemption of the 
Security),  less the proportion attributable to that Security of the reasonable cost to the Issuer 
and/or any Affiliate of, or the loss realised by the Issuer and/or any Affiliate on unwinding 
any related hedging arrangements, in each case as calculated by the Determination Agent in 
its reasonable discretion; or 
(iv) if "Early Redemption Amount (CMS Reference Rate) - Fair Market Value" is specified in 
the Issue Terms, the fair market value of such Security, on such day as is selected by the 
Determination Agent in its reasonable discretion (provided that such day is not more than 15

--- Page 183 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
Part 1: General Terms and Conditions 
 
 
183 
 
days before the date fixed for redemption of the Security),  as calculated by the Determination 
Agent in its reasonable discretion.  
The Issuer's obligation under the Securities shall be satisfied in full upon payment of such amount. 
(c) 
Decisions and Determinations. Any determination, decision, selection or election that may be 
made by the Issuer, the Determination Agent or their respective designees, pursuant to this 
Condition 6.21 (CMS Reference Rate – Effect of Index Cessation Event), including any 
determination with respect to a tenor, rate, spread or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-
occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any 
action or any determination, decision, selection or election: 
(i) 
will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error; 
(ii) will be made in such person’s sole discretion; and 
(iii) notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the documentation relating to the Securities, shall 
become effective without consent from the holders of the Securities or any other party. 
(d) 
For the purposes of this Condition 6.21 (CMS Reference Rate – Effect of Index Cessation Event), 
the following terms shall bear the following meanings: 
"Benchmark Replacement" means the first alternative benchmark set forth in the order below 
that can be determined by the Determination Agent as of the Interest Determination Date or other 
relevant day on which a CMS Reference Rate is to be determined, in each case next succeeding 
the relevant Index Cessation Effective Date (or, if the Index Cessation Effective Date occurs on 
the Interest Determination Date or other relevant day, that Interest Determination Date or other 
relevant day (as applicable)): 
(i) 
if an alternative reference rate, index or benchmark is specified in the Issue Terms for this 
purpose (an "Alternative Pre-nominated Reference Rate"), such Alternative Pre-
nominated Reference Rate; 
(ii) 
the alternate rate of interest that has been selected or recommended by the relevant 
governmental body or agency with jurisdiction over the then-current CMS Reference Rate 
or the administrator thereof as the replacement for the then-current CMS Reference Rate 
for the applicable index maturity; or 
(iii) 
the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by the Determination Agent as the 
replacement for the then-current CMS Reference Rate for the applicable index maturity 
giving due consideration to any industry-accepted replacement rate for the then-current 
CMS Reference Rate for floating rate notes denominated in the Index Currency at such 
time, including any alternate rate recommended by the International Swaps and Derivatives 
Association, Inc. or any successor thereto. 
In connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the Determination Agent or 
its designee will have the right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time 
to time. 
"Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes" means, with respect to any Benchmark 
Replacement, any changes (including changes to the definition of "Interest Period", the timing and 
frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, and other administrative matters) 
that the Determination Agent or its designee determines may be appropriate to reflect the adoption 
of such Benchmark Replacement in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if 
the Determination Agent or its designee determines that adoption of any portion of such market 
practice is not administratively feasible or if the Determination Agent or its designee determines 
that no market practice for use of the Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner as the 
Determination Agent or its designee determines  is reasonably necessary). 
"CMS Reference Rate" means, initially, the CMS Reference Rate specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms; provided that if an Index Cessation Effective Date has occurred with respect to such rate

--- Page 184 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
Part 1: General Terms and Conditions 
 
 
184 
 
or the then-current CMS Reference Rate, then "CMS Reference Rate" means the applicable 
Benchmark Replacement. For the avoidance of doubt, such Benchmark Replacement will replace 
the then-current CMS Reference Rate for all purposes relating to the Securities. 
"Index Cessation Effective Date" means, in respect of the then-current CMS Reference Rate and 
one or more Index Cessation Events, the first date on which the CMS Reference Rate would 
ordinarily have been published or provided and is no longer published or provided. If the CMS 
Reference Rate ceases to be provided on an Interest Determination Date or other relevant day, but 
it was provided at the time at which it is to be observed pursuant to these Conditions, then the 
Index Cessation Effective Date will be the next day on which the rate would ordinarily have been 
published or provided. 
"Index Cessation Event" means, in respect of the then-current CMS Reference Rate: 
(i) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of the 
CMS Reference Rate announcing that it has ceased or will cease to provide the CMS 
Reference Rate, permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or 
publication, there is no successor administrator or provider, as applicable, that will continue 
to provide the CMS Reference Rate; 
(ii) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the CMS Reference Rate, the central bank for the currency of the CMS 
Reference Rate, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for the CMS 
Reference Rate, a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for the CMS 
Reference Rate or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the 
administrator for the CMS Reference Rate, which states that the administrator of the CMS 
Reference Rate has ceased or will cease to provide the CMS Reference Rate permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or publication, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide the CMS Reference Rate;  
(iii) unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms, an Administrator/Benchmark Event 
occurs with respect to the CMS Reference Rate (with the CMS Reference Rate being the 
Relevant Rates Benchmark for the purpose of the definition of "Administrator/Benchmark 
Event").  
“Index Currency” means the currency in respect of which the relevant CMS Reference Rate is 
calculated or expressed, as determined by the Determination Agent. 
(e) 
Application to multiple CMS Reference Rates. If either: 
(i) 
the CMS Interest Rate is specified in the applicable Issue Terms to be "Spread CMS Rate"; 
or  
(ii) the Securities otherwise reference more than one CMS Reference Rate, 
the foregoing provisions of this Condition 6.21 (CMS Reference Rate – Effect of Index Cessation 
Event) shall apply separately for each of CMS Reference Rate so referenced (including each of 
CMS Reference Rate 1 and CMS Reference Rate 2 in the case where the CMS Interest Rate is a 
“Spread CMS Rate” and for the purpose of construing such provisions, each of CMS Reference 
Rate 1 and CMS Reference Rate 2 shall be the "CMS Reference Rate"). However, if an Index 
Cessation Effective Date has occurred in respect of one or more CMS Reference Rate(s) (the 
"Impacted CMS Reference Rate(s)") but not all of the CMS Reference Rate(s) referenced by the 
Securities (the "Non-Impacted CMS Reference Rate(s)"), the Issuer or its designee may elect to 
treat each of the Non-Impacted CMS Reference Rate(s) as if an Index Cessation Effective Date 
had occurred in respect of such Non-Impacted CMS Reference Rate and apply the foregoing 
provisions accordingly. 
 
General Fallback Arrangements  
The following provisions of this Condition 6.22 (General Fallback Arrangements) shall apply 
where:

--- Page 185 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
Part 1: General Terms and Conditions 
 
 
185 
 
(i) 
the Relevant Rates Benchmark is EURIBOR, SONIA, €STR, SARON or TONA;  
(ii) 
such Relevant Rates Benchmark has been permanently discontinued; 
(iii) 
the applicable Issue Terms do not specify that the provisions of Condition 6.20 (Relevant 
Rates Benchmark Discontinuance or Prohibition on Use) are applicable; and 
(iv) 
unless otherwise specified in the Issue Terms, where ISDA Determination is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms as the manner in which the Floating Interest Rate is to be 
determined, application of any ISDA Bespoke Fallbacks specified in the relevant Floating 
Rate Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) following the permanent 
discontinuation of the Relevant Rates Benchmark fails to provide a means of determining 
the relevant Floating Rate (as defined in the ISDA Definitions).  
If this Condition 6.22 (General Fallback Arrangements) applies, then notwithstanding the terms set 
forth elsewhere in these Conditions; the Determination Agent will use, as a substitute for such 
Relevant Rates Benchmark, and for each future Interest Determination Date, the alternative 
reference rate selected by the central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority or any similar 
institution (including any committee or working group thereof) in the jurisdiction of the applicable 
index currency that is consistent with accepted market practice (the "Alternative Rate"). The 
Determination Agent will, after consultation with the Issuer, make such adjustments to the 
Alternative Rate or the Margin (or Margin 1 or Margin 2, as applicable), as well as the applicable 
Business Day Convention, Interest Determination Dates and related provisions and definitions of 
the Securities, in each case that are consistent with accepted market practice for the use of such 
Alternative Rate for debt obligations such as the Securities. However, in the case of EURIBOR only, 
if the Determination Agent determines, after consultation with the Issuer, that no such Alternative 
Rate exists on the relevant date, it shall make a determination, after consultation with the Issuer, of 
an alternative rate as a substitute for EURIBOR, for debt obligations such as the Securities, as well 
as the Margin, the Business Day Convention and the Interest Determination Dates in respect of the 
Securities, that is consistent with accepted market practice. 
In the case where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Issue Terms as the manner in 
which the Floating Interest Rate is to be determined, and the application of any ISDA Bespoke 
Fallbacks specified in the relevant Floating Rate Option results in a replacement of, modification to, 
or change in the method of calculating, the Floating Rate (or the index, benchmark or other price 
source that is referred to in the Floating Rate Option), the Determination Agent may, after 
consultation with the Issuer, determine any adjustments to the Floating Rate and the Margin (or 
Margin 1 or Margin 2, as applicable), (including any adjustment spread) as well as the applicable 
Business Day Convention, Interest Determination Dates (or any other rate fixing dates) and related 
provisions and definitions of the Securities, in each case that are consistent with accepted market 
practice for the use of such replacement or modified Floating Rate for debt obligations such as the 
Securities. The Issuer will provide a notice, in accordance with Condition 28 (Notices), to 
Securityholders to inform them of any adjustment determinations which will apply to the Securities. 
The notice shall also confirm the effective date of any adjustments.  
7. 
ZERO COUPON SECURITY PROVISIONS 
 
Application: This Condition 7 (Zero Coupon Security Provisions) is applicable to the Securities 
only if the Zero Coupon Security Provisions are specified in the applicable Issue Terms as being 
applicable. 
 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Securities: If the Redemption Amount payable in respect of any 
Zero Coupon Security is improperly withheld or refused, the Redemption Amount in respect of 
each Security shall thereafter be an amount equal to the product of (a) the Calculation Amount of 
such Security and (b) the percentage produced by the following formula: 
Reference Price × (1+Accrual Yield)n 
where "n" means the number of years from (and including) the Issue Date (or such other date as 
may be specified in the applicable Issue Terms as the "Accrued Value Commencement Date") to 
(but excluding) whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such 
Security up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Securityholder and (ii) the day

--- Page 186 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
Part 1: General Terms and Conditions 
 
 
186 
 
which is 15 Business Days after the Fiscal Agent has notified the Securityholders that it has 
received all sums due in respect of the Securities up to such 15th Business Day (except to the extent 
that there is any subsequent default in payment) and the calculation shall be made on the basis of 
such Day Count Fraction as may be specified in the applicable Issue Terms or, if none is so 
specified, a Day Count Fraction of 30/360. 
 
Interest on Swedish Securities: For the purposes of calculation of any amount of interest on 
Swedish Securities, the provisions of this Condition 7 (Zero Coupon Security Provisions) shall be 
amended so that the relevant period shall consist of the period from (but excluding) the Issue Date 
up to (and including) the earlier of the dates specified in Condition 7.2 (Late payment on Zero 
Coupon Securities). 
8. 
EQUITY-LINKED, COMMODITY-LINKED, CURRENCY-LINKED, INFLATION-
LINKED, 
FUND-LINKED, 
PREFERENCE 
SHARE-LINKED 
AND 
FUTURES 
CONTRACT-LINKED SECURITIES  
 
Morgan Stanley, MSI plc, MSBV or MSFL may issue Securities: 
(a) 
the payment of interest on which is linked to the shares of an entity ("Single Share-Linked 
Interest Securities") or a basket of shares ("Share Basket-Linked Interest Securities") of 
entities not affiliated with the Issuer and/or to a single index (which, for the avoidance of doubt, 
may be a Proprietary Index) ("Single Index-Linked Interest Securities") or indices (which, for 
the avoidance of doubt, may be Proprietary Indices) of shares ("Index Basket-Linked Interest 
Securities") and/or interests in a single exchange traded fund ("Single ETF-Linked Interest 
Securities") or basket of exchange traded funds ("ETF Basket-Linked Interest Securities" and 
together with Single Share-Linked Interest Securities, Share Basket-Linked Interest Securities, 
Single Index-Linked Interest Securities, Index Basket-Linked Interest Securities and Single ETF-
Linked Interest Securities, "Equity-Linked Interest Securities"); 
(b) 
the payment of principal of which is linked to the shares of an entity ("Single Share-Linked 
Redemption Securities", and together with Single Share-Linked Interest Securities, the "Single 
Share Securities") or a basket of shares ("Share Basket-Linked Redemption Securities and 
along with Share Basket-Linked Interest Securities, "Share Basket Securities") of entities not 
affiliated with the Issuer and/or to a single index (which, for the avoidance of doubt, may be a 
Proprietary Index) ("Single Index-Linked Redemption Securities", and together with Single 
Index-Linked Interest Securities, "Single Index Securities") or indices (which, for the avoidance 
of doubt, may be Proprietary Indices) of shares ("Index Basket-Linked Redemption Securities", 
and along with Index Basket-Linked Interest Securities, "Index Basket Securities") and/or 
interests in a single exchange traded fund ("Single ETF-Linked Redemption Securities", and 
together with Single ETF-Linked Interest Securities, "Single ETF Securities") or basket of 
exchange traded funds ("ETF Basket-Linked Redemption Securities", and (i) together with ETF 
Basket-Linked Interest Securities, "ETF Basket Securities", and (ii) together with Single Share-
Linked Redemption Securities, Basket Share-Linked Redemption Securities, Single Index-Linked 
Redemption Securities, Basket Index-Linked Redemption Securities and the Single ETF-Linked 
Redemption Securities, "Equity-Linked Redemption Securities").  Equity-Linked Redemption 
Securities and Equity-Linked Interest Securities shall together be referred to as "Equity-Linked 
Securities"; 
(c) 
the payment of interest on which is to be determined by reference to a single commodity price or 
index ("Single Commodity-Linked Interest Securities") or a basket of commodity prices or 
indices ("Commodity Basket-Linked Interest Securities" and together with the Single 
Commodity-Linked Interest Securities, the "Commodity-Linked Interest Securities"); 
(d) 
the payment of principal on which is to be determined by reference to a single commodity price or 
index ("Single Commodity-Linked Redemption Securities") or to a basket of commodity prices 
or indices ("Commodity Basket-Linked Redemption Securities", and together with the Single 
Commodity-Linked Redemption Securities, the "Commodity-Linked Redemption Securities"). 
The Single Commodity-Linked Interest Securities and Single Commodity-Linked Redemption 
Securities shall together be referred to as the "Single Commodity-Linked Securities". The 
Commodity Basket-Linked Interest Securities and the Commodity Basket-Linked Redemption 
Securities shall together be referred to as the "Commodity Basket-Linked Securities". The

--- Page 187 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
Part 1: General Terms and Conditions 
 
 
187 
 
Commodity-Linked Interest Securities and the Commodity-Linked Redemption Securities shall 
together be referred to as the "Commodity-Linked Securities"; 
(e) 
the payment of interest on which is to be determined by reference to a single currency in 
comparison with another currency ("Single Currency-Linked Interest Securities") or a basket 
of Currencies in comparison with one or more other currencies ("Currency Basket-Linked 
Interest Securities" and together with the Single Currency-Linked Interest Securities, the 
"Currency-Linked Interest Securities"); 
(f) 
the payment of principal on which is to be determined by reference to a single currency in 
comparison with another currency ("Single Currency-Linked Redemption Securities") or to a 
basket of currencies in comparison with one or more other currencies ("Currency Basket-Linked 
Redemption Securities", and together with the Single Currency-Linked Redemption Securities, 
the "Currency-Linked Redemption Securities"). The Single-Currency-Linked Interest 
Securities and Single Currency-Linked Redemption Securities shall together be referred to as the 
"Single Currency-Linked Securities".  The Currency Basket-Linked Interest Securities and the 
Currency Basket-Linked Redemption Securities shall together be referred to as the "Currency 
Basket-Linked Securities". The Currency-Linked Interest Securities and the Currency-Linked 
Redemption Securities shall together be referred to as the "Currency-Linked Securities"; 
(g) 
the payment of interest on which is linked to an inflation index ("Inflation-Linked Interest 
Securities"); 
(h) 
the payment of principal on which is linked to an inflation index ("Inflation-Linked Redemption 
Securities", and together with the Inflation-Linked Redemption Securities, the "Inflation-Linked 
Securities"); 
(i) 
the payment of interest on which is linked to interests in a single fund ("Single Fund-Linked 
Interest Securities") or in a basket of funds ("Fund Basket-Linked Interest Securities", and 
together with the Single Fund-Linked Interest Securities, "Fund-Linked Interest Securities"); 
(j) 
the payment of principal on which is linked to interests in a single fund ("Single Fund-Linked 
Redemption Securities") or in a basket of funds ("Fund Basket-Linked Redemption 
Securities", and together with the Single Fund-Linked Redemption Securities, "Fund-Linked 
Redemption Securities"). The Single Fund-Linked Interest Securities and Single Fund-Linked 
Redemption Securities shall together be referred to as the "Single Fund-Linked Securities".  The 
Fund Basket-Linked Interest Securities and the Fund Basket-Linked Redemption Securities shall 
together be referred to as the "Fund Basket-Linked Securities". The Fund-Linked Interest 
Securities and the Fund-Linked Redemption Securities are together referred to as the "Fund-
Linked Securities"; 
(k) 
the payment of principal of which is linked to preference shares issued by a company not affiliated 
with the Issuer and which may pay interest as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, in 
accordance with the elections made in the applicable Issue Terms ("Preference Share-Linked 
Securities");  
(l) 
the payment of interest on which is linked to a single futures contract ("Single Futures Contract-
Linked Interest Securities") or a basket of futures contracts ("Futures Contract Basket-Linked 
Interest Securities", and together with the Single Futures Contract-Linked Interest Securities, 
"Futures Contract-Linked Interest Securities"). The Equity-Linked Interest Securities, 
Commodity-Linked Interest Securities, Currency-Linked Interest Securities, Inflation-Linked 
Interest Securities, Fund-Linked Interest Securities and Futures Contract-Linked Interest 
Securities are together referred to as the "Linked Interest Securities"; 
(m) 
the payment of principal on which is linked to a single futures contract ("Single Futures Contract-
Linked Securities") or a basket of futures contracts ("Futures Contract Basket-Linked 
Securities", and together with the Single Futures Contract-Linked Securities, "Futures Contract-
Linked Redemption Securities"). The Futures Contract-Linked Interest Securities and the Future 
Contract-Linked Redemption Securities shall together be referred to as "Futures Contract-
Linked Securities". The Equity-Linked Redemption Securities, Commodity-Linked Redemption 
Securities, Currency-Linked Redemption Securities, Inflation-Linked Redemption Securities,

--- Page 188 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
Part 1: General Terms and Conditions 
 
 
188 
 
Fund-Linked Redemption Securities, Preference Share-Linked Securities and Futures Contract-
Linked Redemption Securities are together referred to as the "Linked Redemption Securities" 
and the Linked Interest Securities and Linked Redemption Securities are together referred to as 
"Linked Securities", 
in each case, in accordance with these General Conditions which are specified as being applicable 
to the Linked Securities of the relevant category and the detailed terms and conditions set out in 
such provisions of the Additional Terms and Conditions as are specified as being applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms, in accordance with the elections made in the applicable Issue Terms. 
9. 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO EQUITY-LINKED SECURITIES 
This Condition 9 (Provisions Relating to Equity-Linked Securities) is applicable only in relation 
to Securities specified in the relevant Issue Terms as being Single Share Securities, Share Basket 
Securities, Single Index Securities, Index Basket Securities, Single ETF Securities or ETF Basket 
Securities. 
 
Market Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging Dates 
(a) 
If a Reference Date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the relevant Reference Date shall be the next 
succeeding Scheduled Trading Day or, if either "Common Scheduled Trading Days and Common 
Disrupted Days" or "Common Scheduled Trading Days and Individual Disrupted Days" is 
specified to be applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the next succeeding Common Scheduled 
Trading Day. 
(b) 
If any Scheduled Reference Date is a Disrupted Day, then: 
(i) 
in the case of a Single Index Security, Single Share Security or Single ETF 
Security, the relevant Reference Date shall be the earlier of (i) the first 
succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not in the determination of the 
Determination Agent a Disrupted Day and (ii) the Reference Cut-Off Date 
(notwithstanding that such Scheduled Trading Day is a Disrupted Day). 
(ii) 
in the case of an Index Basket Security, a Share Basket Security or an ETF 
Basket Security (as the case may be): 
(A) 
where "Individual Scheduled Trading Days and Individual Disrupted Days" is specified to 
be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, if the Determination Agent determines that any 
Scheduled Reference Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of any Basket Component, then: 
(1) 
the Reference Date for each Basket Component in respect of which the 
Scheduled Reference Date is not a Disrupted Day shall be the Scheduled 
Reference Date for such Basket Component; and 
(2) 
the Reference Date for any Basket Component in respect of which the 
Scheduled Reference Date is a Disrupted Day (each an "Affected Basket 
Component") shall be the earlier of (A) the first Scheduled Trading Day 
following the relevant Scheduled Reference Date that is not a Disrupted Day 
in respect of such Affected Basket Component; and (B) the Reference Cut-
Off Date for such Affected Basket Component (notwithstanding that such 
day may not be a Scheduled Trading Day). 
(B) 
where "Common Scheduled Trading Days and Common Disrupted Days" is specified to be 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, if the Determination Agent determines that any 
Scheduled Reference Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of any Basket Component, then the 
Reference Date for each Basket Component shall be the earlier of (i) the first Common 
Scheduled Trading Day following the relevant Scheduled Reference Date that is not a 
Disrupted Day with respect to any Basket Component; and (ii) the Reference Cut-Off Date 
(notwithstanding that such day may not be a Common Scheduled Trading Day).

--- Page 189 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
Part 1: General Terms and Conditions 
 
 
189 
 
(C) 
where "Common Scheduled Trading Days and Individual Disrupted Days" is specified to 
be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, if the Determination Agent determines that any 
Scheduled Reference Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of any Basket Component, then: 
(1) 
the Reference Date for each Basket Component in respect of which the 
Scheduled Reference Date is not a Disrupted Day shall be the Scheduled 
Reference Date for such Basket Component; and 
(2) 
the Reference Date for each Basket Component in respect of which the 
Scheduled Reference Date is a Disrupted Day (each an "Affected Basket 
Component") shall be the earlier of (A) the first Scheduled Trading Day 
following the relevant Scheduled Reference Date that is not a Disrupted Day 
in respect of such Affected Basket Component; and (B) the Reference Cut-
Off Date for such Affected Basket Component (notwithstanding that such 
day may not be a Common Scheduled Trading Day or a Scheduled Trading 
Day). 
(iii) 
If, in respect of any Single Index Security, Single Share Security, Single ETF 
Security, Index Basket Security, Share Basket Security or ETF Basket Security 
(as the case may be), a Reference Date falls on the relevant Reference Cut-Off 
Date pursuant to this Condition 9.1(b)(iii): 
(A) 
if such Reference Cut-Off Date is not a Disrupted Day for such Single Index Security, 
Single Share Security, Single ETF Security, Index Basket Security, Share Basket Security 
or ETF Basket Security (as the case may be), the Determination Agent shall determine the 
level of such Index or the value of such Share or ETF Interest (as the case may be) as at the 
Determination Time on such Reference Cut-Off Date; or  
(B) 
if such Reference Cut-Off Date is a Disrupted Day: 
(1) 
in respect of Single Index Securities and Index Basket Securities, the 
Determination Agent shall determine, in its reasonable discretion, the level 
of such Index as of the Determination Time on the Reference Cut-Off Date 
in accordance with the formula for and method of calculating such Index last 
in effect prior to the occurrence of the first Disrupted Day using (x) except 
in respect of a Proprietary Index, the Exchange traded or quoted price as of 
the Determination Time on such Reference Cut-Off Date of each security (or 
other property) comprised in that Index (or, if an event giving rise to a 
Disrupted Day has occurred in respect of the relevant security on such 
Reference Cut-Off Date, its estimate of the value for the relevant security as 
of the Determination Time on such Reference Cut-Off Date, acting in good 
faith and a commercially reasonable manner) and (y) in respect of a 
Proprietary Index, such levels or values as the Determination Agent 
determines to be appropriate as of the Determination Time on or in respect 
of such Reference Cut-off Date of each Component comprised in such 
Proprietary Index in respect of such Reference Cut-off Date; and 
(2) 
in respect of Single Share Securities, Single ETF Securities, Share Basket 
Securities and ETF Basket Securities (as the case may be), the Determination 
Agent shall determine, in its reasonable discretion, its estimate of the value 
for such Share or ETF Interest (as the case may be) as of the Determination 
Time on such Reference Cut-Off Date, acting in good faith and a 
commercially reasonable manner. 
(c) 
If Averaging Dates are specified in the applicable Issue Terms as being applicable, then, 
notwithstanding any other provisions of the Conditions, the following provisions will apply to the 
valuation of the relevant Index, Share, ETF Interest, Basket of Indices, Basket of Shares or Basket 
of ETF Interests in relation to the relevant Reference Date:  
(i) 
If, in respect of a Single Index Security, a Single Share Security or a Single ETF 
Security, a Scheduled Averaging Date is determined by the Determination Agent

--- Page 190 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
Part 1: General Terms and Conditions 
 
 
190 
 
to be a Disrupted Day, then if, in relation to "Averaging Date Disruption", the 
consequence specified in the relevant Issue Terms is: 
(A) 
"Omission", then such date will be deemed not to be a relevant Averaging Date in respect 
of such Reference Date for the purposes of determining the Relevant Underlying Value, as 
applicable provided that, if through the operation of this provision no Averaging Date 
would occur with respect to the relevant Reference Date, then Condition 9.1(b) will apply 
for purposes of determining the Relevant Underlying Value on the final Averaging Date in 
respect of that Reference Date as if such final Averaging Date were a Reference Date that 
was a Disrupted Day; 
(B) 
"Postponement", then Condition 9.1(b) will apply for the purposes of determining the 
Relevant Underlying Value on that date as if such date were a Reference Date that was a 
Disrupted Day irrespective of whether, pursuant to such determination, that deferred 
Averaging Date would fall on a day that already is or is deemed to be an Averaging Date in 
respect of the Reference Date; or 
(C) 
"Modified Postponement", then the Averaging Date shall be the earlier of (I) the first Valid 
Date following the Scheduled Averaging Date and (II) the Averaging Cut-Off Date, 
irrespective of whether it falls on a day that already is or is deemed to be an Averaging 
Date.  
(ii) 
If, in respect of an Index Basket Security, a Share Basket Security or an ETF 
Basket Security, a Scheduled Averaging Date in respect of a Reference Date is 
determined by the Determination Agent to be a Disrupted Day in respect of any 
Basket Component, then: 
(A) 
where "Individual Scheduled Trading Days and Individual Disrupted Days" is specified to 
be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms: 
(1) 
if, in relation to "Averaging Date Disruption", the consequence specified in 
the relevant Issue Terms is "Omission": 
(a) 
the Averaging Date for each Basket Component in respect of which 
the Scheduled Averaging Date is not a Disrupted Day shall be the 
Scheduled Averaging Date; and  
(b) 
such date shall not be an Averaging Date in respect of such Reference 
Date for any Basket Component in respect of which the Scheduled 
Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day (each such Basket Component, an 
"Affected Basket Component"), provided that if through the 
operation of this provision there would not be any Averaging Date in 
respect of such Reference Date for the Affected Basket Component, 
then the sole Averaging Date for such Affected Basket Component 
shall be the earlier of (I) the first Scheduled Trading Day following 
the final Scheduled Averaging Date that is not a Disrupted Day in 
respect of such Affected Basket Component and (II) the Averaging 
Cut-Off Date for such Affected Basket Component;  
(2) 
if, in relation to "Averaging Date Disruption", the consequence specified in 
the relevant Issue Terms is "Postponement": 
(a) 
the Averaging Date for each Basket Component in respect of which 
the Scheduled Averaging Date is not a Disrupted Day shall be the 
Scheduled Averaging Date; and 
(b) 
the Averaging Date for each Basket Component in respect of which 
the Scheduled Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day (each such Basket 
Component, an "Affected Basket Component") shall be the earlier 
of (I) the first Scheduled Trading Day following the Scheduled 
Averaging Date that is not a Disrupted Day in respect of such Affected

--- Page 191 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
Part 1: General Terms and Conditions 
 
 
191 
 
Basket Component and (II) the Averaging Cut-Off Date for such 
Affected Basket Component.  Any day (including, for the avoidance 
of doubt, the Averaging Cut-Off Date) determined to be an Averaging 
Date as a result of the operation of this Condition 9.1(c)(ii)(A)(2)(b) 
shall be an Averaging Date, irrespective of whether it falls on a day 
that already is or is deemed to be an Averaging Date; or 
(3) 
if, in relation to "Averaging Date Disruption", the consequence specified in 
the relevant Issue Terms is "Modified Postponement": 
(a) 
the Averaging Date for each Basket Component in respect of which 
the Scheduled Averaging Date is not a Disrupted Day shall be the 
Scheduled Averaging Date; and  
(b) 
the Averaging Date for each Basket Component in respect of which 
the Scheduled Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day (each such Basket 
Component, an "Affected Basket Component") shall be the earlier 
of (I) the first Valid Date following the Scheduled Averaging Date in 
respect of such Affected Basket Component and (II) the Averaging 
Cut-Off Date for such Affected Basket Component, irrespective of 
whether it falls on a day that already is or is deemed to be an 
Averaging Date; 
(B) 
where "Common Scheduled Trading Days and Common Disrupted Days" is specified to be 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms: 
(1) 
if, in relation to "Averaging Date Disruption", the consequence specified 
in the relevant Issue Terms is "Omission", such date will be deemed not to 
be a relevant Averaging Date in respect of any Basket Component for the 
purposes of determining the Relevant Underlying Value, as applicable 
provided that, if through the operation of this provision there would be no 
Averaging Date in respect of such Reference Date, then the sole Averaging 
Date for each Basket Component shall be the earlier of (A) the first Common 
Scheduled Trading Day following the Scheduled Averaging Date that is not 
a Disrupted Day for any Basket Component and (B) the Averaging Cut-Off 
Date (notwithstanding the fact that such Averaging Cut-Off Date may not be 
a Common Scheduled Trading Day); 
(2) 
if, in relation to "Averaging Date Disruption", the consequence specified in 
the relevant Issue Terms is "Postponement", then the Averaging Date for 
each Basket Component shall be the earlier of (A) the first Common 
Scheduled Trading Day following the Scheduled Averaging Date that is not 
a Disrupted Day in respect of any Basket Component and (B) the Averaging 
Cut-Off Date (notwithstanding the fact that such Averaging Cut-Off Date 
may not be a Common Scheduled Trading Day).  Any day (including, for the 
avoidance of doubt, the Averaging Cut-Off Date) determined to be an 
Averaging Date as a result of the operation of this Condition 9.1(c)(ii)(B)(2) 
shall be an Averaging Date, irrespective of whether it falls on a day that 
already is or is deemed to be an Averaging Date; or 
(3) 
if, in relation to "Averaging Date Disruption", the consequence specified in 
the relevant Issue Terms is "Modified Postponement", then the Averaging 
Date for each Basket Component shall be the earlier of (A) the first Common 
Valid Date following the Scheduled Averaging Date and (II) the Averaging 
Cut-Off Date (notwithstanding the fact that such Averaging Cut-Off Date 
may not be a Common Scheduled Trading Day), irrespective of whether it 
falls on a day that already is or is deemed to be an Averaging Date;

--- Page 192 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
Part 1: General Terms and Conditions 
 
 
192 
 
(C) 
where "Common Scheduled Trading Days and Individual Disrupted Days" is specified to 
be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms: 
(1) 
if, in relation to "Averaging Date Disruption", the consequence specified in 
the relevant Issue Terms is "Omission": 
(a) 
the Averaging Date for each Basket Component in respect of which 
the Scheduled Averaging Date is not a Disrupted Day shall be the 
Scheduled Averaging Date; and  
(b) 
such date shall not be an Averaging Date in respect of such Reference 
Date for any Basket Component in respect of which the Scheduled 
Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day (each such Basket Component, an 
"Affected Basket Component"), provided that if through the 
operation of this provision there would not be any Averaging Date in 
respect of such Reference Date for the Affected Basket Component, 
then the sole Averaging Date for such Affected Basket Component 
shall be the earlier of (I) the first Scheduled Trading Day following 
the final Scheduled Averaging Date that is not a Disrupted Day in 
respect of such Affected Basket Component and (II) the Averaging 
Cut-Off Date for such Affected Basket Component (notwithstanding 
the fact that such day may not be a Common Scheduled Trading Day);  
(2) 
if, in relation to "Averaging Date Disruption", the consequence specified in 
the relevant Issue Terms is "Postponement": 
(a) 
the Averaging Date for each Basket Component in respect of which 
the Scheduled Averaging Date is not a Disrupted Day shall be the 
Scheduled Averaging Date; and 
(b) 
the Averaging Date for each Basket Component in respect of which 
the Scheduled Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day (each such Basket 
Component, an "Affected Basket Component") shall be the earlier 
of (I) the first Scheduled Trading Day following the Scheduled 
Averaging Date that is not a Disrupted Day in respect of such Affected 
Basket Component and (II) the Averaging Cut-Off Date for such 
Affected Basket Component (notwithstanding the fact that such day 
not be a Common Scheduled Trading Day).  Any day (including, for 
the avoidance of doubt, the Averaging Cut-Off Date) determined to 
be an Averaging Date as a result of the operation of this Condition 
9.1(c)(ii)(C)(2)(b) shall be an Averaging Date, irrespective of whether 
it falls on a day that already is or is deemed to be an Averaging Date; 
or 
(3) 
if, in relation to "Averaging Date Disruption", the consequence specified in 
the relevant Issue Terms is "Modified Postponement": 
(a) 
the Averaging Date for each Basket Component in respect of which 
the Scheduled Averaging Date is not a Disrupted Day shall be the 
Scheduled Averaging Date; and  
(b) 
the Averaging Date for each Basket Component in respect of which 
the Scheduled Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day (each such Basket 
Component, an "Affected Basket Component") shall be the earlier 
of (I) the first Valid Date (that is a Scheduled Trading Day) following 
the Scheduled Averaging Date in respect of such Affected Basket 
Component and (II) the Averaging Cut-Off Date for such Affected 
Basket Component, irrespective of whether it falls on a day that 
already is or is deemed to be an Averaging Date;

--- Page 193 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
Part 1: General Terms and Conditions 
 
 
193 
 
(iii) 
If, in respect of any Single Index Security, Single Share Security, Single ETF 
Security, Index Basket Security, Share Basket Security or ETF Basket Security 
(as the case may be), an Averaging Date falls on the relevant Averaging Cut-Off 
Date pursuant to this Condition 9.1(c)(iii): 
(A) 
if such Averaging Cut-Off Date is not a Disrupted Day for such Single Index Security, 
Single Share Security, Single ETF Security, Index Basket Security, Share Basket Security 
or ETF Basket Security (as the case may be), the Determination Agent shall determine the 
level of such Index or the value of such Share or ETF Interest (as the case may be) as at the 
Determination Time on such Averaging Cut-Off Date; or 
(B) 
if such Averaging Cut-Off Date is a Disrupted Day: 
(1) 
in respect of Single Index Securities and Index Basket Securities, the 
Determination Agent shall determine, in its reasonable discretion, the level 
of such Index as of the Determination Time on such date in accordance with 
the formula for and method of calculating such Index last in effect prior to 
the occurrence of the first Disrupted Day using (x) except in respect of a 
Proprietary Index, the Exchange traded or quoted price as of the 
Determination Time on such Averaging Cut-Off Date of each security 
comprised in that Index (or, if an event giving rise to a Disrupted Day has 
occurred in respect of the relevant security on such Averaging Cut-Off Date, 
its estimate of the value for the relevant security as of the Determination Time 
on such Averaging Cut-Off Date, acting in good faith and a commercially 
reasonable manner)) and (y)_in respect of a Proprietary Index, such levels or 
values as the Determination Agent determines to be appropriate as of the 
Determination Time on or in respect of such Averaging Cut-Off Date of each 
Component comprised in such Proprietary Index in respect of such Averaging 
Cut-off Date; and 
(2) 
in respect of Single Share Securities, Single ETF Securities, Share Basket 
Securities and ETF Basket Securities (as the case may be), the Determination 
Agent shall determine, in its discretion, its estimate of the value for such 
Share or ETF Interest (as the case may be) as of the Determination Time on 
such Averaging Cut-Off Date, acting in good faith and a commercially 
reasonable manner.  
(iv) 
If any Averaging Dates in relation to a Reference Date occur after that Reference 
Date as a result of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, then (i) the relevant Interest 
Payment Date, Maturity Date, Automatic Early Redemption Date or, as the case 
may be, the relevant Physical Settlement Date or (ii) the occurrence of an 
Extraordinary Event, an Extraordinary ETF Event, an Index Adjustment Event, 
a Potential Adjustment Event or an Additional Disruption Event shall be 
determined by reference to the last such Averaging Date as though it were that 
Reference Date. 
 
Adjustments to Indices 
This Condition 9.2 (Adjustments to Indices) is applicable only in relation to Securities specified in 
the relevant Issue Terms as being Single Index Securities or Index Basket Securities. 
(a) 
Successor Index 
If a relevant Index is (a) not calculated and announced by the Index Sponsor, but is calculated and 
announced by a successor sponsor acceptable to the Determination Agent in its reasonable 
discretion or (b) replaced by a Successor Index using, in the determination of the Determination 
Agent (such determination to be at the Determination Agent's reasonable discretion), the same or 
a substantially similar formula for and method of calculation as used in the calculation of that 
Index, then in each case that index (the "Successor Index") will be deemed to be the Index.

--- Page 194 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
Part 1: General Terms and Conditions 
 
 
194 
 
(b) 
Index Cancellation or Administrator/ Benchmark Event Date 
If on or prior to any Reference Date either (1) the Index Sponsor permanently cancels the Index 
and no Successor Index exists (an "Index Cancellation") or (2) the applicable Issue Terms specify 
that the Benchmark Trigger Provisions are applicable and an Administrator/ Benchmark Event and 
an Administrator/ Benchmark Event Date occurs in respect of such Index, then: 
(i) 
If the applicable Issue Terms specify that the Benchmark Trigger Provisions are 
applicable and if an Alternative Pre-nominated Index has been specified in 
relation to such Index in the applicable Issue Terms, then: 
(A) 
the Determination Agent shall attempt to determine an Adjustment Payment; 
(B) 
if the Determination Agent determines an Adjustment Payment,  
(aa) 
it shall notify the Issuer of the Adjustment Payment and if the Adjustment 
Payment is an amount that the Securityholder would (but for Condition 
9.2(b)(i)(B)(cc)(b)) be required to pay to the Issuer in respect of each 
Security, request the Issuer to notify the Determination Agent whether it 
intends to redeem the Securities pursuant to Condition 9.2(d). If the Issuer 
does not intend to redeem the Securities pursuant to Condition 9.2(d) then 
the following provisions of this Condition 9.2(b)(i) shall apply; 
(bb) 
the terms of the Securities shall be amended so that references to the Index 
are replaced by references to the Alternative Pre-nominated Index;  
(cc) 
the Conditions shall be adjusted to implement the Adjustment Payment as 
follows: 
(a) 
if the Adjustment Payment is an amount that the Issuer is required to 
pay in respect of each Security, the Determination Agent shall adjust 
the Conditions to provide for the payment of the Adjustment Payment 
on the immediately succeeding Interest Payment Date or if there is no 
such immediately succeeding Interest Payment Date, on the Maturity 
Date or other date when the Securities are redeemed in  full; or 
(b) 
if the Adjustment Payment is an amount that the Securityholder would 
(but for this Condition 9.2(b)(i)(B)(cc)(b)) be required to pay to the 
Issuer in respect of each Security, the Determination Agent shall adjust 
the Conditions to provide for the reduction of the amounts due by the 
Issuer until the aggregate amount of such reductions is equal to the 
Adjustment Payment, (subject, in the determination of the 
Determination Agent, to any minimum redemption amount of the 
Securities which the Determination Agent determines is required 
pursuant to any applicable law or regulation (including, without 
limitation, any tax law) and the rules of each listing authority, stock 
exchange and/or quotation system by which the Securities have then 
been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation); 
(dd) 
the Determination Agent shall make such other adjustments to the Conditions 
as it determines necessary or appropriate in order to account for the effect of 
the replacement of the Index with the Alternative Pre-nominated Index 
and/or to preserve as nearly as practicable the economic equivalence of the 
Securities before and after the replacement of the Index with the Alternative 
Pre-nominated Index; and 
(ee) 
the Determination Agent shall notify the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent of any 
the replacement of the Index by the Alternative Pre-nominated Index, the 
Adjustment Payment and any other adjustments to the Conditions. The Fiscal 
Agent shall provide notice to the Securityholders of the replacement of the 
Index by the Alternative Pre-nominated Index, the Adjustment Payment and

--- Page 195 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
Part 1: General Terms and Conditions 
 
 
195 
 
any other adjustments to the Conditions in accordance with Condition 28.6 
(Notices), giving summary details of the adjustment, provided that any failure 
to give such notice shall not affect the validity of the foregoing. 
(C) 
If the Determination Agent is unable to determine an Adjustment Payment then Condition 
9.2(d) shall apply. 
(ii) 
If the applicable Issue Terms do not specify that the Benchmark Trigger 
Provisions are applicable or, if the Issue Terms specify that the Benchmark 
Trigger Provisions are applicable but do not specify an Alternative Pre-
nominated Index in relation to the Relevant Equity Benchmark, then Condition 
9.2(d) shall apply. 
(c) 
Index Modification and Index Disruption: 
If (i) on or prior to any Reference Date or Averaging Date, a relevant Index Sponsor announces 
that it will make a material change in the formula for or the method of calculating that Index or in 
any other way materially modifies that Index (other than a modification prescribed in that formula 
or method to maintain that Index in the event of changes in constituents and capitalisation and 
other routine events) (an "Index Modification") or (ii) on any Reference Date or Averaging Date, 
the Index Sponsor fails to calculate and announce a relevant Index (provided that the 
Determination Agent may, in its reasonable discretion, determine that, in respect of a Multi 
exchange Index or a Proprietary Index, such failure to calculate and announce such Index shall 
instead be a Disrupted Day in respect of such Index) (an "Index Disruption") then the 
Determination Agent shall determine if such Index Modification or Index Disruption has a material 
effect on the Securities and, if so, subject to Condition 9.2(d), shall calculate in its reasonable 
discretion the Relevant Underlying Value using, in lieu of a published level for that Index, the 
level for that Index as at that Reference Date or, as the case may be, that Averaging Date as 
determined by the Determination Agent in its reasonable discretion in accordance with the formula 
for and method of calculating that Index last in effect prior to that change, failure or cancellation, 
but using only those securities that comprised that Index immediately prior to that Index 
Adjustment Event. 
(d) 
Redemption for Index Adjustment Event: 
If: 
(i) 
an Index Cancellation occurs and the Issue Terms do not specify that the 
Benchmark Trigger Provisions are applicable; 
(ii) 
an Index Cancellation or an Administrator/Benchmark Event Date occurs, the 
Issue Terms specify that the Benchmark Trigger Provisions are applicable but 
do not specify an Alternative Pre-nominated Index; 
(iii) 
an Index Cancellation or an Administrator/ Benchmark Event Date occurs, the 
Issue Terms specify that the Benchmark Trigger Provisions are applicable and 
specify an Alternative Pre-nominated Index but the Determination Agent is 
unable to determine the Adjustment Payment; 
(iv) 
an Index Cancellation or an Administrator/ Benchmark Event Date occurs, the 
Issue Terms specify that the Benchmark Trigger Provisions are applicable and 
specify an Alternative Pre-nominated Index and the Determination Agent 
determines that the Adjustment Payment would be an amount that the 
Securityholder would (but for Condition 9.2(b)(i)(B)(cc)(b)) be required to pay 
to the Issuer in respect of each Security; or 
(v) 
an Index Modification or an Index Disruption occurs and it (a) would be 
unlawful at any time under any applicable law or regulation or (b) would 
contravene any applicable licensing requirements, in each case for the 
Determination Agent to calculate the Relevant Underlying Value in accordance 
with Condition 9.2(c),

--- Page 196 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
Part 1: General Terms and Conditions 
 
 
196 
 
then the Issuer may, at any time thereafter and in its reasonable discretion, determine that the 
Securities shall be redeemed as of any later date.  If the Issuer so determines that the Securities 
shall be redeemed, then the Issuer shall give not less than five Business Days' notice to the 
Securityholders to redeem the Securities and upon redemption the Issuer will pay in respect of 
each Security an amount equal to either:  
(i) 
if "Early Redemption Amount (Index Cancellation) – Fair Market Value Less 
Costs" is specified in the Issue Terms, the fair market value of such Security, on 
such day as is selected by the Determination Agent in its reasonable discretion 
(provided that such day is not more than 15 days before the date fixed for 
redemption of the Security),  less the proportion attributable to that Security of 
the reasonable cost to the Issuer and/or any Affiliate of, or the loss realised by 
the Issuer and/or any Affiliate on, unwinding any related hedging arrangements, 
all as calculated by the Determination Agent in its reasonable discretion; or  
(ii) 
if "Early Redemption Amount (Index Cancellation) – Fair Market Value" is 
specified in the Issue Terms, the fair market value of such Security, on such day 
as is selected by the Determination Agent in its reasonable discretion (provided 
that such day is not more than 15 days before the date fixed for redemption of 
the Security),  as calculated by the Determination Agent in its reasonable 
discretion.   
The Issuer's obligations under the Securities shall be satisfied in full upon payment of such amount.   
(e) 
If the Issuer determines that the relevant Securities shall continue, the Determination Agent may 
make such adjustment as the Determination Agent, in its reasonable discretion, considers 
appropriate, if any, to the formula and other provisions for determining the Final Redemption 
Amount, any Interest Amount or the Relevant Underlying Value (as defined in Section 4 (Value 
Determination Terms) of the Additional Terms and Conditions) set out in these General Conditions 
and such provisions of the Additional Terms and Conditions as are specified as being applicable 
in the applicable Issue Terms, and any other variable relevant to the settlement or payment terms 
of the Securities, which change or adjustment shall be effective on such date as the Determination 
Agent shall determine. The Fiscal Agent shall provide notice to the Securityholders of any such 
change or adjustment, giving summary details of the relevant change or adjustment, in accordance 
with Condition 28.6 (Notices), provided that any failure to give such notice shall not affect the 
validity of any such change or adjustment.  
(f) 
Correction of Index Levels 
If the level of an Index published by the Index Sponsor and which is utilised by the Determination 
Agent for any calculation or determination (the "Original Determination") under the Securities 
is subsequently corrected and the correction (the "Corrected Value") is published by the Index 
Sponsor by such time (the "Correction Cut Off Time") as may be specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms (or, if none is so specified, within one Settlement Cycle after the original publication and 
prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date, Automatic Early Redemption Date, Early Redemption 
Date or Maturity Date), then the Determination Agent will notify the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent 
of the Corrected Value as soon as reasonably practicable and shall determine the relevant value 
(the "Replacement Determination") using the Corrected Value.  If the result of the Replacement 
Determination is different from the result of the Original Determination, to the extent that it 
determines to be necessary and practicable, the Determination Agent may, acting in good faith and 
a commercially reasonable manner, adjust any relevant terms accordingly. The Fiscal Agent shall 
provide notice to the Securityholders of any such adjustment in accordance with Condition 28.6 
(Notices), giving summary details of the adjustment, provided that any failure to give such notice 
shall not affect the validity of any such adjustment. 
 
Adjustments affecting Shares and ETF Interests 
This Condition 9.3 (Adjustments affecting Shares and ETF Interests) is applicable only in relation 
to Single Share Securities, Single ETF Securities, Share Basket Securities and ETF Basket 
Securities.

--- Page 197 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
Part 1: General Terms and Conditions 
 
 
197 
 
(a) 
Adjustments for Potential Adjustment Events 
Following the declaration by the Underlying Issuer, the relevant ETF or an ETF Service Provider 
of the terms of a Potential Adjustment Event, the Determination Agent will determine whether 
such Potential Adjustment Event has a diluting or concentrative effect on the theoretical value of 
the relevant Shares or ETF Interests and, if so, will (i) make such adjustment as it in its reasonable 
discretion considers appropriate, if any, to the formula or other provisions for determining the 
Final Redemption Amount, any Interest Amount and/or the Relevant Underlying Value set out in 
these General Conditions or such provisions of the Additional Terms and Conditions as are 
specified as being applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the number of Shares or ETF Interests 
to which each Security relates, the number of Shares or ETF Interests comprised in a Basket of 
Shares or Basket of ETF Interests, the amount, the number of or type of shares, fund interests or 
other securities which may be delivered in respect of such Securities and/or any other adjustment 
and, in any case, to any other variable relevant to the exercise, settlement, payment or other terms 
of the relevant Securities as the Determination Agent determines, in its reasonable discretion, to 
be appropriate to account for that diluting or concentrative effect, including, in respect of any 
Single Share Securities or Single ETF Securities, adjustments that result in the payment of interest 
and/or principal in respect of the Securities to cease to be linked to the Shares or ETF Interests, as 
applicable, of a single entity and instead become linked to a basket of shares or ETF interests, as 
applicable, of entities (with the respective weightings in respect of each entity being determined 
by the Determination Agent in its reasonable discretion) (provided that no adjustments will be 
made to account solely for changes in volatility, expected dividends, stock loan rate, or liquidity 
relative to such Shares or ETF Interests) and (ii) determine, in its reasonable discretion, the 
effective date(s) of such adjustment(s). The Determination Agent may (but need not) determine 
the appropriate adjustment(s) by reference to the adjustment(s) in respect of such Potential 
Adjustment Event made by an options exchange to options on the relevant Shares or ETF Interests, 
as the case may be, traded on such options exchange. The Fiscal Agent shall provide notice to the 
Securityholders of any such adjustment in accordance with Condition 28.6 (Notices), giving 
summary details of the adjustment, provided that any failure to give such notice shall not affect 
the validity of any such adjustment. 
(b) 
Correction of Share and ETF Interest Prices 
If any price published on the Exchange and which is utilised by the Determination Agent for any 
calculation or determination (the "Original Determination") under the Securities is subsequently 
corrected and the correction (the "Corrected Value") is published by the Exchange by such time 
as may be specified in the relevant Issue Terms (the "Correction Cut Off Time") (or, if none is 
so specified, within one Settlement Cycle after the original publication and prior to the relevant 
Interest Payment Date, Automatic Early Redemption Date, Early Redemption Date or Maturity 
Date), then the Determination Agent will notify the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent of the Corrected 
Value as soon as reasonably practicable and shall determine the relevant value (the "Replacement 
Determination") using the Corrected Value.  If the result of the Replacement Determination is 
different from the result of the Original Determination, to the extent that it determines to be 
necessary and practicable, the Determination Agent may, acting in good faith and a commercially 
reasonable manner, adjust any relevant terms accordingly. The Fiscal Agent shall provide notice 
to the Securityholders of any such adjustment in accordance with Condition 28.6 (Notices), giving 
summary details of the adjustment, provided that any failure to give such notice shall not affect 
the validity of any such adjustment. 
 
Extraordinary Events 
This Condition 9.4 (Extraordinary Events) is applicable only in relation to Securities specified in 
the relevant Issue Terms as being Single Share Securities, Single ETF Securities, Share Basket 
Securities or ETF Basket Securities. 
(a) 
Merger Event or Tender Offer 
(i) 
Following the occurrence of any Merger Event or Tender Offer, the Issuer will, in its 
reasonable discretion, determine whether the relevant Securities shall continue or shall be 
redeemed early.

--- Page 198 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
Part 1: General Terms and Conditions 
 
 
198 
 
(ii) 
If the Issuer determines that the relevant Securities shall continue, the 
Determination Agent may: 
(A) 
substitute any Affected Share/ETF Interest with the Successor Share/ETF Interest relating 
to such Affected Share/ETF Interest, provided that if no Successor Share/ETF Interest has 
been identified within 10 Business Days of the Extraordinary Event Notice Date (as defined 
below), then sub-paragraph (B) below shall apply; and/or 
(B) 
make such adjustment as the Determination Agent, in its reasonable discretion, considers 
appropriate, if any, to the formula or other provisions for determining the Final Redemption 
Amount, any Interest Amount and/or the Relevant Underlying Value set out in these 
General Conditions or such provisions of the Additional Terms and Conditions as are 
specified as being applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the number of Shares or ETF 
Interests to which each Security relates, the number of Shares or ETF Interests comprised 
in a Basket of Shares or Basket of ETF Interests (as the case may be), the amount, the 
number of or type of shares or other securities which may be delivered under such Securities 
and, in any case, any other variable relevant to the exercise, settlement, or payment terms 
of the relevant Securities and/or any other adjustment (including, without limitation, in 
relation to Share Basket Securities or ETF Basket Securities, the cancellation of terms 
applicable in respect of Shares or ETF Interests affected by the relevant Merger Event or 
Tender Offer or the replacement of one or more of the Shares or ETF Interests affected by 
the relevant Merger Event or Tender Offer), which may, but need not, be determined by 
reference to the adjustment(s) made in respect of such Merger Event or Tender Offer by an 
options exchange to options on the relevant Shares or ETF Interests, as the case may be, 
traded on such options exchange, which adjustment shall be effective on such date as the 
Determination Agent shall determine. The relevant adjustments may include, without 
limitation, adjustments to account for changes in volatility, expected dividends, stock loan 
rate or liquidity relevant to the Shares or ETF Interests or to the Securities.  
(iii) 
The Fiscal Agent shall provide notice to the Securityholders of (a) any Successor 
Share/ETF Interest identified in accordance with sub-paragraph (A) above and 
(b) any adjustment made in accordance with sub-paragraph (B) above, in each 
case, in accordance with Condition 28.6 (Notices), giving summary details of the 
adjustment, if applicable, provided that any failure to give such notice shall not 
affect the validity of any such adjustment. 
(iv) 
If the Issuer determines that the relevant Securities shall be redeemed early, then 
the Issuer shall give not less than five Business Days' notice to the 
Securityholders to redeem the Securities and the Issuer's obligations under the 
Securities shall be satisfied in full upon payment of (in the case of a Merger 
Event) the Merger Event Settlement Amount – Fair Market Value Less Costs or 
the Merger Event Settlement Amount – Fair Market Value (each as defined 
below), as applicable, or of (in the case of a Tender Offer) the Tender Offer 
Settlement Amount – Fair Market Value Less Costs or the Tender Offer 
Settlement Amount – Fair Market Value (each as defined below), as applicable. 
(v) 
The Issuer shall as soon as reasonably practicable under the circumstances notify 
the Fiscal Agent of the Determination Agent's determination of the occurrence 
of an Extraordinary Event that is a Merger Event or Tender Offer (the date of 
such notice, the "Extraordinary Event Notice Date"). 
(vi) 
For the purposes hereof: 
"Affected Share/ETF Interest" means, at any time, any Share or ETF Interest, as 
applicable, in respect of which the Determination Agent has determined that a Merger 
Event or Tender Offer has occurred. 
"Merger Date" means the closing date of a Merger Event or, where a closing date cannot 
be determined under the local law applicable to such Merger Event, such other date as 
determined by the Determination Agent, in its reasonable discretion.

--- Page 199 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
Part 1: General Terms and Conditions 
 
 
199 
 
"Merger Event" means, in respect of any relevant Shares or ETF Interests, as determined 
by the Determination Agent, acting in a commercially reasonable manner, any:  (i) 
reclassification or change of such Shares or ETF Interests that results in a transfer of or an 
irrevocable commitment to transfer all of such Shares or ETF Interests outstanding to 
another entity or person, (ii) consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share 
exchange of the Underlying Issuer or ETF with or into another entity or person (other than 
a consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange in which such 
Underlying Issuer or ETF is the continuing entity and which does not result in a 
reclassification or change of all such Shares or ETF Interests outstanding), (iii) takeover 
offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other event by any entity or 
person to purchase or otherwise obtain 90 per cent. of the outstanding Shares or ETF 
Interests of the Underlying Issuer or ETF that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable 
commitment to transfer all such Shares or ETF Interests (other than such Shares or ETF 
owned or controlled by such other entity or person), or (iv) consolidation, amalgamation, 
merger or binding share exchange of the Underlying Issuer or its subsidiaries or ETF or its 
sub-funds with or into another entity in which the Underlying Issuer or ETF is the 
continuing entity and which does not result in a reclassification or change of all such Shares 
or ETF Interests outstanding but results in the outstanding Shares or ETF Interests (other 
than Shares or ETF Interests owned or controlled by such other entity) immediately prior 
to such event collectively representing less than 50 per cent. of the outstanding Shares or 
ETF Interests immediately following such event (a "Reverse Merger"), in each case if the 
Merger Date is on or before, (A) in respect of Physical Settlement Securities, the later to 
occur of the Maturity Date and the Physical Settlement Date or, (B) in any other case, the 
final date for determining the Relevant Underlying Value in respect of the relevant Shares 
or ETF Interests. 
"Merger Event Settlement Amount – Fair Market Value Less Costs" means in respect 
of each Security, an amount equal to the fair market value of such Security, on such day as 
is selected by the Determination Agent in its reasonable discretion (provided that such day 
is not more than 15 days before the date fixed for redemption of the Security),  less the 
proportion attributable to that Security of the reasonable cost to the Issuer and/or any 
Affiliate of, or the loss realised by the Issuer and/or any Affiliate on, unwinding any related 
hedging arrangements, all as calculated by the Determination Agent in its reasonable 
discretion. 
"Merger Event Settlement Amount – Fair Market Value" means in respect of each 
Security, an amount equal to the fair market value of such Security, on such day as is 
selected by the Determination Agent in its reasonable discretion (provided that such day 
is not more than 15 days before the date fixed for redemption of the Security),  as calculated 
by the Determination Agent in its reasonable discretion. 
"Successor Share/ETF Interest" means, in respect of an Affected Share/ETF Interest, (1) 
if specified in the applicable Issue Terms, any Eligible Share or Eligible ETF Interest, as 
applicable; (2) if no Eligible Share or Eligible ETF Interest, as applicable, is specified, the 
successor Share or ETF Interest, as applicable, as determined by the Determination Agent, 
using commercially reasonable efforts, taking into account any factors which the 
Determination Agent determines to be relevant, including (but not limited to) the existence 
of any other Share or ETF Interest, as applicable, that is linked to or is a constituent of the 
same underlying index or asset as the Affected Share/ETF Interest, liquidity of the proposed 
successor Share or ETF Interest, as applicable, the prevailing market conditions at the time 
the Determination Agent makes its determination, the circumstances of the relevant 
Extraordinary Event, and the Issuer's hedging arrangements in respect of the relevant 
Securities; or (3) if the Determination Agent determines that it is unable to determine a 
suitable successor Share or ETF Interest, as applicable, the Determination Agent may 
determine that, where the Affected Share/ETF Interest is linked to the relevant underlying 
index (the "Related Underlying Index"), such Related Underlying Index (to the extent 
relevant) shall be the Successor Share/ETF Interest and the provisions applicable to Index-
Linked Securities will apply to the relevant Securities with such adjustments as the 
Determination Agent determines to be appropriate. 
"Tender Offer" means, in respect of any Shares or ETF Interests, as determined by the 
Determination Agent, acting in a commercially reasonable manner, a takeover offer, tender

--- Page 200 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
Part 1: General Terms and Conditions 
 
 
200 
 
offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other event by any entity or person that 
results in such entity or person purchasing, or otherwise obtaining or having the right to 
obtain, by conversion or other means, greater than 9 per cent. and less than 90 per cent. of 
the outstanding voting shares of the Underlying Issuer or ETF, as determined by the 
Determination Agent, based upon the making of filings with governmental or 
self-regulatory agencies or such other information as the Determination Agent deems 
relevant. 
"Tender Offer Date" means, in respect of a Tender Offer, the date on which voting shares 
in the amount of the applicable percentage threshold are actually purchased or otherwise 
obtained, as determined by the Determination Agent in its reasonable discretion. 
"Tender Offer Settlement Amount – Fair Market Value Less Costs" means, in respect 
of each Security, an amount equal to the fair market value of such Security, on such day as 
is selected by the Determination Agent in its reasonable discretion (provided that such day 
is not more than 15 days before the date fixed for redemption of the Security),  less the 
proportion attributable to that Security of the reasonable cost to the Issuer and/or any 
Affiliate of, or the loss realised by the Issuer and/or any Affiliate on, unwinding any related 
hedging arrangements, all as calculated by the Determination Agent in its reasonable 
discretion. 
"Tender Offer Settlement Amount – Fair Market Value" means, in respect of each 
Security, an amount equal to the fair market value of such Security, on such day as is 
selected by the Determination Agent in its reasonable discretion (provided that such day 
is not more than 15 days before the date fixed for redemption of the Security),  as calculated 
by the Determination Agent in its reasonable discretion. 
(b) 
Nationalisation, Insolvency and Delisting 
(i) 
If in the determination of the Determination Agent, acting in a commercially 
reasonable manner: 
(A) 
all the Shares or ETF Interests or all or substantially all the assets of an Underlying Issuer, 
ETF or ETF Service Provider are nationalised, expropriated or are otherwise required to be 
transferred to any governmental agency, authority, entity or instrumentality thereof 
("Nationalisation"); or 
(B) 
by reason of the voluntary or involuntary liquidation, bankruptcy, insolvency, dissolution 
or winding-up of, or any analogous proceeding affecting, an Underlying Issuer, ETF or ETF 
Service Provider, (1) all the Shares or ETF Interests of that Underlying Issuer, ETF or ETF 
Service Provider are required to be transferred to a trustee, liquidator or other similar official 
or (2) holders of the Shares or ETF Interests of that Underlying Issuer, ETF or ETF Service 
Provider become legally prohibited from transferring them ("Insolvency"); or 
(C) 
the Exchange announces that pursuant to the rules of such Exchange, the Shares or ETF 
Interests cease (or will cease) to be listed, traded or publicly quoted on the Exchange for 
any reason (other than a Merger Event or Tender Offer) and are not immediately re-listed, 
re-traded or re-quoted on an exchange or quotation system located in the same country as 
the Exchange (or, where the Exchange is within the European Union, in any Member State 
of the European Union) ("Delisting"), 
then the Issuer will, in its reasonable discretion, determine whether or not the Securities 
shall continue. 
(ii) 
If the Issuer determines that the relevant Securities shall continue, the 
Determination Agent may: 
(A) 
substitute any Affected Share/ETF Interest with the Successor Share/ETF Interest relating 
to such Affected Share/ETF Interest, provided that if no Successor Share/ETF Interest has 
been identified within 10 Business Days of the Extraordinary Event Notice Date, then sub-
paragraph (B) below shall apply; and/or

--- Page 201 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
Part 1: General Terms and Conditions 
 
 
201 
 
(B) 
make such adjustment as the Determination Agent, in its reasonable discretion, considers 
appropriate, if any, to the formula or other provisions for determining the Final Redemption 
Amount, any Interest Amount and/or the Relevant Underlying Value set out in these 
General Conditions or such provisions of the Additional Terms and Conditions as are 
specified as being applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the number of Shares or ETF 
Interests to which each Security relates, the number of Shares or ETF Interests comprised 
in a Basket of Shares or a Basket of ETF Interests (as the case may be), the amount, the 
number of or type of shares or other securities which may be delivered under such Securities 
and, in any case, any other variable relevant to the settlement or payment terms of the 
relevant Securities and/or any other adjustment (including without limitation, in relation to 
Share Basket Securities or ETF Basket Securities, the cancellation of terms applicable in 
respect of Shares or ETF Interests affected by the relevant Extraordinary Event), which 
may, but need not, be determined by reference to the adjustment(s) made in respect of such 
Extraordinary Event by an options exchange to options on the relevant Shares or ETF 
Interests, as the case may be, traded on such options exchange, which change or adjustment 
shall be effective on such date as the Determination Agent shall determine. The relevant 
adjustments may include, without limitation, adjustments to account for changes in 
volatility, expected dividends, stock loan rate or liquidity relevant to the Shares or ETF 
Interests or to the Securities.  
(iii) 
The Fiscal Agent shall provide notice to the Securityholders of (a) any Successor 
Share/ETF Interest identified in accordance with sub-paragraph (A) above and 
(b) any adjustment made in accordance with sub-paragraph (B) above, in each 
case, in accordance with Condition 28.6 (Notices), giving summary details of the 
adjustment, if applicable, provided that any failure to give such notice shall not 
affect the validity of any such adjustment. 
(iv) 
The Issuer shall as soon as reasonably practicable under the circumstances notify 
the Fiscal Agent of the Determination Agent's determination of the occurrence 
of an Extraordinary Event. 
(v) 
If the Issuer determines that the relevant Securities shall be redeemed early, then 
the Issuer shall give not less than five Business Days' notice to redeem the 
Securities.  The Issuer's obligations under the Securities shall be satisfied in full 
upon payment of, in respect of each Security, an amount equal to either: 
(A) 
if "Early Redemption Amount (Nationalisation, Insolvency and Delisting) – Fair Market 
Value Less Costs" is specified in the Issue Terms, the fair market value of such Security, 
on such day as is selected by the Determination Agent in its reasonable discretion (provided 
that such day is not more than 15 days before the date fixed for redemption of the Security),  
less the proportion attributable to that Security of the reasonable cost to the Issuer and/or 
any Affiliate of, or the loss realised by the Issuer and/or any Affiliate on, unwinding any 
related hedging arrangements, all as calculated by the Determination Agent in its reasonable 
discretion; or 
(B) 
if "Early Redemption Amount (Nationalisation, Insolvency and Delisting) – Fair Market 
Value" is specified in the Issue Terms, the fair market value of such Security, on such day 
as is selected by the Determination Agent in its reasonable discretion (provided that such 
day is not more than 15 days before the date fixed for redemption of the Security),  as 
calculated by the Determination Agent in its reasonable discretion. 
(vi) 
For the purposes hereof: 
"Affected Share/ETF Interest" means, at any time, any Share or ETF Interest, as 
applicable, in respect of which the Determination Agent has determined that a 
Nationalisation, Insolvency or Delisting has occurred. 
"Successor Share/ETF Interest" has the meaning given to it in Condition 9.4(a)(vi) 
(Extraordinary Events).

--- Page 202 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
Part 1: General Terms and Conditions 
 
 
202 
 
 
Extraordinary ETF Events 
This Condition 9.5 (Extraordinary ETF Events) is applicable only in relation to Single ETF 
Securities or ETF Basket Securities. 
(a) 
Following the occurrence of any Extraordinary ETF Event, the Issuer will, in its reasonable 
discretion, determine whether the relevant Securities shall continue or shall be redeemed early.  
The Determination Agent shall not have any obligation to monitor the occurrence of an 
Extraordinary ETF Event not shall it have any obligation to make a determination that an 
Extraordinary ETF Event has occurred and is continuing. 
(b) 
If the Issuer determines that the relevant Securities shall continue, the Determination Agent may: 
(i) 
substitute any Affected ETF Interest with the Successor ETF Interest relating to 
such Affected ETF interest, provided that if no Successor ETF Interest has been 
identified in the manner set forth below within 10 Business Days of the 
Extraordinary ETF Event Notice Date (as defined below), then sub-paragraph 
(ii) below shall apply; and/or 
(ii) 
make such adjustment as the Determination Agent, in its reasonable discretion, 
considers appropriate, if any, to the formula or other provisions for determining 
the Final Redemption Amount, Interest Amount and/or the Relevant Underlying 
Value set out in these General Conditions or such provisions of the Additional 
Terms and Conditions as are specified as being applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the number of ETF Interests to which each Security relates, the number 
of ETF Interests comprised in a Basket of ETF Interests, the amount, the number 
of or type of shares or other securities which may be delivered under such 
Securities and, in any case, any other variable relevant to the exercise, 
settlement, or payment terms of the relevant Securities and/or any other 
adjustment (including, without limitation, in relation to ETF Basket Securities, 
the cancellation of terms applicable in respect of ETF Interests affected by the 
relevant Extraordinary Fund Event) to account for the economic effect on the 
Securities of such Extraordinary ETF Event (including adjustments to account 
for changes in volatility, expected dividends, stock loan rate or liquidity relevant 
to the ETF Interests or to the Securities), which may, but need not, be determined 
by reference to the adjustments(s) made in respect of such Extraordinary ETF 
Event by an options exchange to options on the relevant Shares traded on such 
options exchange, which adjustment shall be effective on such date as the 
Determination Agent shall determine. 
(c) 
The Fiscal Agent shall provide notice to the Securityholders of (a) any Successor ETF Interest 
identified in accordance with sub-paragraph (i) above and (b) any adjustment made in accordance 
with sub-paragraph (ii) above, in each case, in accordance with Condition 28.6 (Notices), giving 
summary details of the adjustment, if applicable, provided that any failure to give such notice shall 
not affect the validity of any such adjustment. 
(d) 
If the Issuer determines that the relevant Securities shall be redeemed early, then the Issuer shall 
give not less than five Business Days' notice to the Securityholders to redeem the Securities and 
the Issuer's obligations under the Securities shall be satisfied in full upon payment of an amount 
equal to either: 
(i) 
if "Early Redemption Amount (Extraordinary ETF Event) – Fair Market Value 
Less Costs" is specified in the Issue Terms, the fair market value of such 
Security, on such day as is selected by the Determination Agent in its reasonable 
discretion (provided that such day is not more than 15 days before the date fixed 
for redemption of the Security),  less the proportion attributable to that Security 
of the reasonable cost to the Issuer and/or any Affiliate of, or the loss realised by 
the Issuer and/or any Affiliate on, unwinding any related hedging arrangements, 
all as calculated by the Determination Agent in its reasonable discretion; or

--- Page 203 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
Part 1: General Terms and Conditions 
 
 
203 
 
(ii) 
(i)if "Early Redemption Amount (Extraordinary ETF Event) – Fair Market 
Value" is specified in the Issue Terms, the fair market value of such Security, on 
such day as is selected by the Determination Agent in its reasonable discretion 
(provided that such day is not more than 15 days before the date fixed for 
redemption of the Security),  as calculated by the Determination Agent in its 
reasonable discretion. 
(e) 
The Issuer shall as soon as reasonably practicable under the circumstances notify the Fiscal Agent 
of the Determination Agent's determination of the occurrence of an Extraordinary ETF Event (the 
date of such notice, the "Extraordinary ETF Event Notice Date"). 
(f) 
For the purposes hereof: 
"Extraordinary ETF Event" shall mean, with respect to an ETF or ETF Service Provider (as the 
case may be), the occurrence of any of the following events, as determined by the Determination 
Agent, in its reasonable discretion: 
(i) 
there exists any litigation against the ETF or an ETF Service Provider which in 
the reasonable discretion of the Determination Agent could materially affect the 
value of the ETF Interests or on the rights or remedies of any investor therein; 
(ii) 
an allegation of criminal or fraudulent activity is made in respect of the ETF, or 
any ETF Service Provider, or any employee of any such entity, or the 
Determination Agent reasonably determines that any such criminal or fraudulent 
activity has occurred, or (ii) any investigative, judicial, administrative or other 
civil or criminal proceedings is commenced or is threatened against the ETF, any 
ETF Service Provider or any key personnel of such entities if such allegation, 
determination, suspicion or proceedings could, in the reasonable discretion of 
the Determination Agent, materially affect the value of the ETF Interests or the 
rights or remedies of any investor in such ETF Interests; 
(iii) 
(A) an ETF Service Provider ceases to act in such capacity in relation to the ETF 
(including by way of Merger Event or Tender Offer) and is not immediately 
replaced in such capacity by a successor acceptable to the Determination Agent; 
and/or (B) any event occurs which causes, or will with the passage of time (in 
the opinion of the Determination Agent) cause, the failure of the ETF and/or any 
ETF Service Provider to meet or maintain any obligation or undertaking under 
the ETF Documents which failure is reasonably likely to have an adverse impact 
on the value of the ETF Interests or on the rights or remedies of any investor 
therein; 
(iv) 
a material modification of or deviation from any of the investment objectives, 
investment restrictions, investment process or investment guidelines of the ETF 
(howsoever described, including the underlying type of assets in which the ETF 
invests), from those set out in the ETF Documents, or any announcement 
regarding a potential modification or deviation, except where such modification 
or deviation is of a formal, minor or technical nature; 
(v) 
a material modification, cancellation or disappearance (howsoever described), 
or any announcement regarding a potential future material modification, 
cancellation or disappearance (howsoever described), of the type of assets (A) 
in which the ETF invests, (B) the ETF purports to track, or (C) the ETF 
accepts/provides for purposes of creation/redemption baskets; 
(vi) 
a material modification, or any announcement regarding a potential future 
material modification, of the ETF (including but not limited to a material 
modification of the ETF Documents or to the ETF's liquidity terms) other than a 
modification or event which does not affect the ETF Interests or the ETF or any 
portfolio of assets to which the ETF Interest relates (either alone or in common 
with other ETF Interests issued by the ETF);

--- Page 204 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
Part 1: General Terms and Conditions 
 
 
204 
 
(vii) 
the ETF ceases to be an undertaking for collective investment under the 
legislation of its relevant jurisdiction, provided that on the relevant Issue Date, 
the ETF was such an undertaking and any such cessation would, in the 
reasonable discretion of the Determination Agent, have a material adverse effect 
on any investor in such ETF Interests; 
(viii) (A) any relevant activities of or in relation to the ETF or any ETF Service 
Provider are or become unlawful, illegal or otherwise prohibited in whole or in 
part as a result of compliance with any present or future law, regulation, 
judgment, order or directive of any governmental, administrative, legislative or 
judicial authority or power, or in the interpretation thereof, in any applicable 
jurisdiction (including, but not limited to, any cancellation, suspension or 
revocation of the registration or approval of the ETF by any governmental, legal 
or regulatory entity with authority over the ETF), (B) a relevant authorisation or 
licence is revoked, lapses or is under review by a competent authority in respect 
of the ETF or the ETF Service Provider or new conditions are imposed, or 
existing conditions varied, with respect to any such authorisation or licence, (C) 
the ETF is required by a competent authority to redeem any ETF Interests, (D) 
any hedge provider is required by a competent authority or any other relevant 
entity to dispose of or compulsorily redeem any ETF Interests held in connection 
with any hedging arrangements relating to the Securities and/or (E) any change 
in the legal, tax, accounting or regulatory treatment of the ETF or any ETF 
Service Provider that is reasonably likely to have an adverse impact on the value 
of the ETF Interests or other activities or undertakings of the ETF or on the rights 
or remedies of any investor therein; or 
(ix) 
the value of any ETF Interest held by the Issuer and its Affiliates is greater than 
10 per cent. of the aggregate net asset value of the relevant ETF (whether or not 
all of such holding results from hedging transactions entered into in connection 
with the Securities) and including, where the excess holding results from a 
reduction in the aggregate net asset value of the relevant ETF. 
For these purposes, "Successor ETF Interest" means, in respect of an Affected ETF Interest, (1) 
if specified in the applicable Issue Terms, any Eligible ETF Interest; (2) if no Eligible ETF Interest 
is specified, the successor ETF Interest as determined by the Determination Agent, using 
commercially reasonable efforts, taking into account any factors which the Determination Agent 
determines to be relevant, including (but not limited to) the existence of other ETFs that are linked 
to the same underlying index or asset as the Affected ETF Interest, liquidity of the proposed 
successor ETF Interest, the prevailing market conditions at the time the Determination Agent 
makes its determination and the Issuer's hedging arrangements in respect of the relevant Securities; 
or (3) if the Determination Agent determines that it is unable to determine a suitable successor 
ETF Interest, the Determination Agent may determine that the relevant Securities, where the 
Affected ETF Interest will be linked to the relevant underlying index (the "Related Underlying 
Index") and such Related Underlying Index shall be the Successor ETF Interest and the provisions 
applicable to Index-Linked Securities will apply to the relevant Securities with such adjustments 
as the Determination Agent determines to be appropriate. 
 
Additional Disruption Events 
(a) 
Following the occurrence of an Additional Disruption Event, the Issuer will, in its reasonable 
discretion, determine whether or not the relevant Securities shall continue or be redeemed early. 
(b) 
If the Issuer determines that the relevant Securities shall continue, the Determination Agent may 
make such adjustment as the Determination Agent, in its reasonable discretion, considers 
appropriate, if any, to the formula or other provisions for determining the Final Redemption 
Amount, any Interest Amount and/or the Relevant Underlying Value set out in the relevant Issue 
Terms, the number of Shares or ETF Interests to which each Security relates, the number of Shares 
or ETF Interest comprised in a Basket, the amount, the number of or type of shares, fund interests 
or other securities or assets which may be delivered under such Securities and, in any case, any 
other variable relevant to the redemption, settlement, or payment terms of the relevant Securities 
and/or any other adjustment (including without limitation, in relation to Share Basket Securities,

--- Page 205 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
Part 1: General Terms and Conditions 
 
 
205 
 
Index Basket Securities or ETF Basket Securities, the cancellation of terms applicable in respect 
of any Shares, Index or ETF Interest, as the case may be, affected by the relevant Additional 
Disruption Event), to account for the economic effect on the Securities of such Additional 
Disruption Event (including adjustments to account for changes in volatility, expected dividends, 
stock loan rate or liquidity relevant to the Shares or to the Securities), which change or adjustment 
shall be effective on such date as the Determination Agent shall determine. The Fiscal Agent shall 
provide notice to the Securityholders of any such adjustment in accordance with Condition 28.6 
(Notices), giving summary details of the adjustment, provided that any failure to give such notice 
shall not affect the validity of any such adjustment. 
(c) 
If the Issuer determines that the relevant Securities shall be redeemed early, then the Issuer shall 
give not less than five Business Days' notice to redeem the Securities and the Issuer's obligations 
under the Securities shall be satisfied in full upon payment in respect of each Security of an amount 
equal to either:  
(i) 
if "Early Redemption Amount (Additional Disruption Event) – Fair Market 
Value Less Costs" is specified in the Issue Terms, the fair market value of such 
Security, on such day as is selected by the Determination Agent in its reasonable 
discretion (provided that such day is not more than 15 days before the date fixed 
for redemption of the Security),  less the proportion attributable to that Security 
of the reasonable cost to the Issuer and/or any Affiliate of, or the loss realised by 
the Issuer and/or any Affiliate on, unwinding any related hedging arrangements, 
all as calculated by the Determination Agent in its reasonable discretion; or  
(ii) 
if "Early Redemption Amount (Additional Disruption Event) – Fair Market 
Value" is specified in the Issue Terms, the fair market value of such Security, on 
such day as is selected by the Determination Agent in its reasonable discretion 
(provided that such day is not more than 15 days before the date fixed for 
redemption of the Security),  as calculated by the Determination Agent in its 
reasonable discretion. 
(d) 
The Issuer shall as soon as reasonably practicable under the circumstances notify the Fiscal Agent 
and the Determination Agent of the occurrence of an Additional Disruption Event. 
(e) 
For the purposes hereof: 
"Additional Disruption Event" means with respect to any Series of Securities, any or all of (i) a 
Change in Law, (ii) Hedging Disruption, (iii) Increased Cost of Hedging, (iv) Loss of Stock 
Borrow and/or (v) Insolvency Filing as have been specified in the applicable Issue Terms as an 
applicable Additional Disruption Event with respect to such Securities. 
 
Partial Lookthrough Depositary Receipt Provisions 
(a) 
Where the applicable Issue Terms specify that the "Partial Lookthrough Depositary Receipt 
Provisions" shall apply to a Share, then the provisions set out in this Condition 9.7 (Partial 
Lookthrough Depositary Receipt Provisions) shall apply, and, in relation to such Share, the other 
provisions of Condition 9 (Provisions Relating to Equity-Linked Securities) shall be deemed to be 
amended and modified as set out in this Condition 9.7 (Partial Lookthrough Depositary Receipt 
Provisions). 
(b) 
The definition of "Potential Adjustment Event" shall be amended so that it reads as follows: 
"Potential Adjustment Event" means any of the following:  
(i) 
a subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of relevant Shares and/or 
Underlying Shares (unless resulting in a Merger Event), or a free distribution or 
dividend of any such Shares and/or Underlying Shares to existing holders by 
way of bonus, capitalisation or similar issue; 
(ii) 
a distribution, issue or dividend to existing holders of the relevant Shares and/or 
Underlying Shares specified in the applicable Issue Terms of (A) such Shares 
and/or Underlying Shares, (B) other share capital or securities granting the right

--- Page 206 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
Part 1: General Terms and Conditions 
 
 
206 
 
to payment of dividends and/or the proceeds of liquidation of a Share Issuer or 
Underlying Share Issuer, as appropriate, equally or proportionately with such 
payments to holders of such Shares and/or Underlying Shares, (C) share capital 
or other securities of another issuer acquired or owned (directly or indirectly) by 
the Share Issuer or Underlying Share Issuer, as appropriate, as a result of a spin-
off or other similar transaction or (D) any other type of securities, rights or 
warrants or other assets, in any case for payment (cash or other consideration) at 
less than the prevailing market price as determined by the Determination Agent; 
(iii) 
an Extraordinary Dividend; 
(iv) 
a call by a Share Issuer or Underlying Share Issuer, as appropriate, in respect of 
relevant Shares and/or Underlying Shares that are not fully paid; 
(v) 
a repurchase by a Share Issuer or Underlying Share Issuer, as appropriate, or any 
of its subsidiaries of relevant Shares and/or Underlying Shares whether out of 
profits or capital and whether the consideration for such repurchase is cash, 
securities or otherwise; 
(vi) 
in respect of a Share Issuer or Underlying Share Issuer, as appropriate, an event 
that results in any shareholder rights being distributed or becoming separated 
from shares of common stock or other shares of the capital stock of such Share 
Issuer or Underlying Share Issuer, as appropriate, pursuant to a shareholder 
rights plan or arrangement directed against hostile takeovers that provides upon 
the occurrence of certain events for a distribution of preferred stock, warrants, 
debt instruments or stock rights at a price below their market value as determined 
by the Determination Agent, provided that any adjustment effected as a result of 
such an event shall be readjusted upon any redemption of such rights; 
(vii) 
any other event having, in the opinion of the Determination Agent, a diluting, 
concentrative or other effect on the theoretical value of the relevant Shares 
and/or Underlying Shares; and 
(viii) the making of any amendment or supplement to the terms of the Deposit 
Agreement, provided that an event under (i) to (vii) (inclusive) above in respect 
of Underlying Shares shall not constitute a Potential Adjustment Event unless, 
in the opinion of the Determination Agent, such event has a diluting or 
concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the Shares. 
(c) 
If the Determination Agent determines that: 
(i) 
an event under (i) to (vii) (inclusive) of the definition of "Potential Adjustment 
Event" has occurred in respect of any Underlying Shares; or 
(ii) 
an event under (viii) of the definition of "Potential Adjustment Event" has 
occurred, the Determination Agent will determine whether such Potential 
Adjustment Event has an economic effect on the Securities, 
and, in each case, the Determination Agent will make the corresponding adjustment(s), if any, to 
one or more of any variable relevant to the exercise, settlement, payment or other terms of these 
Conditions and/or the applicable Issue Terms as the Determination Agent determines appropriate, 
acting in good faith and a commercially reasonable manner, to account for (A) in respect of an 
event under (i) to (vii) (inclusive) of the definition of "Potential Adjustment Event", the diluting 
or concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the Shares, and (B) in respect of an event under 
(viii) of the definition of "Potential Adjustment Event", such economic effect on the Securities, as 
the case may be (provided that no adjustments will be made to account solely for changes in 
volatility, expected dividends, stock loan rate or liquidity relative to the relevant Share), following 
the Potential Adjustment Event. The Determination Agent may (among other factors) have 
reference to any adjustment made by the Depositary under the Deposit Agreement. The Fiscal 
Agent shall provide notice to the Securityholders of any such adjustment in accordance with

--- Page 207 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
Part 1: General Terms and Conditions 
 
 
207 
 
Condition 28.6 (Notices), giving summary details of the adjustment, provided that any failure to 
give such notice shall not affect the validity of any such adjustment. 
If the Determination Agent determines that no adjustment that it could make will produce a 
commercially reasonable result, it shall notify the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent that the relevant 
consequence shall be the early redemption of the Securities, in which case, on such date as selected 
by the Determination Agent in its reasonable discretion, the Issuer shall redeem the Securities upon 
not less than five Business Days' prior notice to the Securityholders, and the Issuer will cause to 
be paid to each Securityholder in respect of each Security held by it an amount equal to either:  
(i) if "Early Redemption Amount (Potential Adjustment Event) – Fair Market Value Less 
Costs" is specified in the Issue Terms, the fair market value of such Security, on such day 
as is selected by the Determination Agent in its reasonable discretion (provided that such 
day is not more than 15 days before the date fixed for redemption of the Security),  less the 
proportion attributable to that Security of the reasonable cost to the Issuer and/or any 
Affiliate of, or the loss realised by the Issuer and/or any Affiliate on, unwinding any related 
hedging arrangements, all as calculated by the Determination Agent in its reasonable 
discretion; or  
(ii) if "Early Redemption Amount (Potential Adjustment Event) – Fair Market Value" is 
specified in the Issue Terms, the fair market value of such Security, on such day as is 
selected by the Determination Agent in its reasonable discretion (provided that such day 
is not more than 15 days before the date fixed for redemption of the Security),  as calculated 
by the Determination Agent in its reasonable discretion. 
(d) 
The definitions of "Merger Event" and "Tender Offer" shall be amended in accordance with the 
DR Amendment. 
(e) 
If the Determination Agent determines that a Merger Event or Tender Offer has occurred in respect 
of any Underlying Share, then, where the Determination Agent makes an adjustment to these 
Conditions and/or the applicable Issue Terms in connection with a Merger Event or Tender Offer, 
the Determination Agent may (among other factors) have reference to any adjustment made by the 
Depositary under the Deposit Agreement. 
(f) 
The definitions of "Nationalisation", "Insolvency" and "Delisting" shall be amended in accordance 
with the DR Amendment. 
(g) 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the definition of "Delisting", a Delisting shall not 
occur in respect of any Underlying Share if such Underlying Shares are immediately relisted, re-
traded or re-quoted on an exchange or quotation system regardless of the location of such exchange 
or quotation system. 
(h) 
If the Determination Agent determines that a Nationalisation or Insolvency has occurred in respect 
of a Share or the Depositary, then, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the 
Determination Agent may determine that the affected Share be substituted with Replacement DRs 
and may make any appropriate adjustments to the terms of these Conditions and/or the applicable 
Issue Terms. In such case, the Issuer shall not redeem the Securities early and, following such 
replacement, references to Shares herein shall be replaced by references to such Replacement DRs, 
and the Determination Agent will determine the effective date of any adjustments. 
(i) 
If the Determination Agent determines that a Delisting of Shares has occurred or if the Depositary 
announces that the Deposit Agreement is (or will be) terminated, then, notwithstanding anything 
to the contrary herein, the Determination Agent may determine that the affected Share be 
substituted with Replacement DRs or the Underlying Shares and may make any appropriate 
adjustments to the terms of these Conditions and/or the applicable Issue Terms. In such case, the 
Issuer shall not redeem the Securities early and, following such replacement, references to Shares 
herein shall be replaced by references to such Replacement DRs or the Underlying Shares, as 
applicable, and the Determination Agent will determine the effective date of any adjustments. 
(j) 
The definition of "Insolvency Filing" shall be amended in accordance with the DR Amendment. 
(k) 
The definition of "Change in Law" shall be amended in accordance with the DR Amendment.

--- Page 208 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
Part 1: General Terms and Conditions 
 
 
208 
 
(l) 
For the avoidance of doubt, where a provision is amended pursuant to this Condition 9.7 (Partial 
Lookthrough Depositary Receipt Provisions) in accordance with the DR Amendment, if the event 
described in such provision occurs in respect of the Underlying Share or the Underlying Share 
Issuer, then the consequence of such event shall be interpreted consistently with the DR 
Amendment and such event. 
 
Full Lookthrough Depositary Receipt Provisions 
(a) 
Where the applicable Issue Terms specifies that the "Full Lookthrough Depositary Receipt 
Provisions" shall apply to a Share, then the provisions set out in this Condition 9.8 (Full 
Lookthrough Depositary Receipt Provisions) shall apply, and, in relation to such Share, the other 
provisions of this Condition 9 (Provisions Relating to Equity-Linked Securities) shall be deemed 
to be amended and modified as set out in this Condition 9.8 (Full Lookthrough Depositary Receipt 
Provisions). 
(b) 
The definition of "Potential Adjustment Event" shall be amended so that it reads as follows: 
"Potential Adjustment Event" means any of the following:  
(i) 
a subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of relevant Shares and/or 
Underlying Shares (unless resulting in a Merger Event), or a free distribution or 
dividend of any such Shares and/or Underlying Shares to existing holders by 
way of bonus, capitalisation or similar issue; 
(ii) 
a distribution, issue or dividend to existing holders of the relevant Shares and/or 
Underlying Shares specified in the applicable Issue Terms of (A) such Shares 
and/or Underlying Shares, (B) other share capital or securities granting the right 
to payment of dividends and/or the proceeds of liquidation of a Share Issuer or 
Underlying Share Issuer, as appropriate, equally or proportionately with such 
payments to holders of such Shares and/or Underlying Shares, (C) share capital 
or other securities of another issuer acquired or owned (directly or indirectly) by 
the Share Issuer or Underlying Share Issuer, as appropriate, as a result of a spin-
off or other similar transaction or (D) any other type of securities, rights or 
warrants or other assets, in any case for payment (cash or other consideration) at 
less than the prevailing market price as determined by the Determination Agent; 
(iii) 
an Extraordinary Dividend; 
(iv) 
a call by a Share Issuer or Underlying Share Issuer, as appropriate, in respect of 
relevant Shares and/or Underlying Shares that are not fully paid; 
(v) 
a repurchase by a Share Issuer or Underlying Share Issuer, as appropriate, or any 
of its subsidiaries of relevant Shares and/or Underlying Shares whether out of 
profits or capital and whether the consideration for such repurchase is cash, 
securities or otherwise; 
(vi) 
in respect of a Share Issuer or Underlying Share Issuer, as appropriate, an event 
that results in any shareholder rights being distributed or becoming separated 
from shares of common stock or other shares of the capital stock of such Share 
Issuer or Underlying Share Issuer, as appropriate, pursuant to a shareholder 
rights plan or arrangement directed against hostile takeovers that provides upon 
the occurrence of certain events for a distribution of preferred stock, warrants, 
debt instruments or stock rights at a price below their market value as determined 
by the Determination Agent, provided that any adjustment effected as a result of 
such an event shall be readjusted upon any redemption of such rights; 
(vii) 
any other event having, in the opinion of the Determination Agent, a diluting, 
concentrative or other effect on the theoretical value of the relevant Shares 
and/or Underlying Shares; and

--- Page 209 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
Part 1: General Terms and Conditions 
 
 
209 
 
(viii) the making of any amendment or supplement to the terms of the Deposit 
Agreement, provided that an event under (i) to (vii) (inclusive) above in respect 
of Underlying Shares shall not constitute a Potential Adjustment Event unless, 
in the opinion of the Determination Agent, such event has a diluting or 
concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the Shares. 
(c) 
If the Determination Agent determines that: 
(i) 
an event under (i) to (vii) (inclusive) of the definition of "Potential Adjustment 
Event" has occurred in respect of any Underlying Shares; or 
(ii) 
an event under (viii) of the definition of "Potential Adjustment Event" has 
occurred, the Determination Agent will determine whether such Potential 
Adjustment Event has an economic effect on the Securities, 
and, in each case, the Determination Agent will make the corresponding adjustment(s), if any, to 
one or more of any variable relevant to the exercise, settlement, payment or other terms of these 
Conditions and/or the applicable Issue Terms as the Determination Agent determines appropriate, 
acting in good faith and a commercially reasonable manner, to account for (A) in respect of an 
event under (i) to (vii) (inclusive) of the definition of "Potential Adjustment Event", the diluting 
or concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the Shares, and (B) in respect of an event under 
(viii) of the definition of "Potential Adjustment Event", such economic effect on the Securities, 
as the case may be (provided that no adjustments will be made to account solely for changes in 
volatility, expected dividends, stock loan rate or liquidity relative to the relevant Share), following 
the Potential Adjustment Event. The Determination Agent may (among other factors) have 
reference to any adjustment made by the Depositary under the Deposit Agreement. The Fiscal 
Agent shall provide notice to the Securityholders of any such adjustment in accordance with 
Condition 28.6 (Notices), giving summary details of the adjustment, provided that any failure to 
give such notice shall not affect the validity of any such adjustment. 
If the Determination Agent determines that no adjustment that it could make will produce a 
commercially reasonable result, it shall notify the Issuer and the Securityholders that the relevant 
consequence shall be the early redemption of the Securities, in which case, on such date as selected 
by the Determination Agent in its reasonable discretion, the Issuer shall redeem the Securities upon 
not less than five Business Days' prior notice to the Securityholders, and the Issuer will cause to 
be paid to each Securityholder in respect of each Security held by it an amount equal to either:  
(i) 
if "Early Redemption Amount (Potential Adjustment Event) – Fair Market 
Value Less Costs" is specified in the Issue Terms, the fair market value of such 
Security, on such day as is selected by the Determination Agent in its 
reasonable discretion (provided that such day is not more than 15 days before 
the date fixed for redemption of the Security),  less the proportion attributable 
to that Security of the reasonable cost to the Issuer and/or any Affiliate of, or 
the loss realised by the Issuer and/or any Affiliate on, unwinding any related 
hedging arrangements, all as calculated by the Determination Agent in its 
reasonable discretion; or  
(ii) 
if "Early Redemption Amount (Potential Adjustment Event) – Fair Market 
Value" is specified in the Issue Terms, the fair market value of such Security, 
on such day as is selected by the Determination Agent in its reasonable 
discretion (provided that such day is not more than 15 days before the date 
fixed for redemption of the Security),  as calculated by the Determination 
Agent in its reasonable discretion. 
(d) 
The definitions of "Merger Event" and "Tender Offer" shall be amended in accordance with the 
DR Amendment. 
(e) 
If the Determination Agent determines that a Merger Event or Tender Offer has occurred in respect 
of an Underlying Share, then, where the Determination Agent makes an adjustment to these 
Conditions and/or the applicable Issue Terms in connection with a Merger Event or Tender Offer,

--- Page 210 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
Part 1: General Terms and Conditions 
 
 
210 
 
the Determination Agent may (among other factors) have reference to any adjustment made by the 
Depositary under the Deposit Agreement. 
(f) 
The definitions of "Nationalisation", "Insolvency" and "Delisting" shall be amended in 
accordance with the DR Amendment. 
(g) 
If the Determination Agent determines that a Nationalisation or Insolvency has occurred in respect 
of a Share or the Depositary, then, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the 
Determination Agent may determine that the affected Share be substituted with Replacement DRs 
and may make any appropriate adjustments to the terms of these Conditions and/or the applicable 
Issue Terms. In such case, the Issuer shall not redeem the Securities early and, following such 
replacement, references to Shares herein shall be replaced by references to such Replacement DRs, 
and the Determination Agent will determine the effective date of any adjustments. 
(h) 
If the Determination Agent determines that a Delisting of Shares has occurred or if the Depositary 
announces that the Deposit Agreement is (or will be) terminated, then, notwithstanding anything 
to the contrary herein, the Determination Agent may determine that the affected Share be 
substituted with Replacement DRs or the Underlying Shares and may make any appropriate 
adjustments to the terms of these Conditions and/or the applicable Issue Terms. In such case, the 
Issuer shall not redeem the Securities early and, following such replacement, references to Shares 
herein shall be replaced by references to such Replacement DRs or the Underlying Shares, as 
applicable, and the Determination Agent will determine the effective date of any adjustments. 
(i) 
The definition of any Additional Disruption Event specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms shall be amended in accordance with the DR Amendment. 
(j) 
The definitions of "Exchange Business Day", "Scheduled Closing Time", "Scheduled Trading 
Day", "Trading Disruption", "Exchange Disruption", "Early Closure" and "Disrupted Day" 
which relate to the Exchange shall be deemed to include a reference to the primary exchange on 
which the Underlying Shares are traded, as determined by the Determination Agent. 
(k) 
The definitions of "Exchange Disruption", "Market Disruption Event" and "Trading 
Disruption" shall be amended in accordance with the DR Amendment. 
For the avoidance of doubt, where a provision is amended pursuant to this Condition 9.8 (Full 
Lookthrough Depositary Receipt Provisions) in accordance with the DR Amendment, if the event 
described in such provision occurs in respect of the Underlying Share or the Underlying Share 
Issuer, then the consequence of such event shall be interpreted consistently with the DR 
Amendment and such event. 
 
Definitions applicable to Equity-Linked Securities 
In relation to Equity-Linked Securities, the following expressions have the meanings set out below: 
"Adjustment Payment" means, in respect of any Security, the payment (if any) determined by 
the Determination Agent as is required in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably 
practicable, any transfer of economic value to or from the Issuer as a result of the replacement of 
the Index by the Pre-nominated Alternative Index. The Determination Agent may determine that 
the Adjustment Payment is zero; 
"Affected ETF Interest" means, at any time, any ETF Interest in respect of which the 
Determination Agent has determined that an Extraordinary ETF Event has occurred; 
"Averaging Cut-Off Date" means, in the case where Securities relate to an Index, Share or ETF 
Interest or a Basket of Indices, Basket of Shares or Basket of ETF Interests and in respect of a 
Scheduled Averaging Date for the purposes of Condition 9.1(c) (Market Disruption, Reference 
Dates and Averaging Dates):  
(i) 
if "Common Scheduled Trading Days and Common Disrupted Days" in respect 
of a Basket of Indices, Basket of Shares or Basket of ETF Interests is specified 
to be applicable in the Issue Terms, the eighth Common Scheduled Trading Day 
following such Scheduled Averaging Date; or

--- Page 211 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
Part 1: General Terms and Conditions 
 
 
211 
 
(ii) 
in any other case, the eighth Scheduled Trading Day following such Scheduled 
Averaging Date;  
"Averaging Date" means, in respect of each Reference Date, either: 
(i) 
(a) in the case of a Single Index Security, a Single Share Security or an Single ETF Security 
(as the case may be); or (b) an Index Basket Security, a Share Basket Security or an ETF 
Basket Security (as the case may be) where the applicable Issue Terms provides that 
"Individual Scheduled Trading Days and Individual Disrupted Days" shall be applicable, 
each date specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, or, if such date is not a Scheduled 
Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day for such (or the relevant) Index, 
Share or ETF Interest or Basket Component (as the case may be); or  
(ii) 
in the case of an Index Basket Security, a Share Basket Security or an ETF Basket Security, 
where the applicable Issue Terms provides that either "Common Scheduled Trading Days 
and Common Disrupted Days" or "Common Scheduled Trading Days and Individual 
Disrupted Days" shall be applicable, each date specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms, or if any such date is not a Common Scheduled Trading Day, the next following 
Common Scheduled Trading Day for such Basket of Indices, Basket of Shares or Basket 
of ETF Interests (as the case may be), 
provided that if any such day is a Disrupted Day, the Averaging Date shall be determined in 
accordance with the provisions of Condition 9.1 (Market Disruption, References Dates and 
Averaging Dates); 
"Basket" means in relation to any Share Basket Securities, the Shares specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms as comprising the Basket, in relation to Index Basket Securities, the Indices specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms as comprising the Basket and in relation to any ETF Basket 
Securities, the ETF Interests specified in the applicable Issue Terms as comprising the Basket, in 
each case in the relative proportions specified in such Issue Terms; 
"Basket Component" means, in relation to a particular Series of Share Basket Securities, Index 
Basket Securities or ETF Basket Securities, each Share, Index or ETF Interest comprised in the 
relevant Basket of Shares, Indices or ETF Interests, as applicable; 
"Basket of ETF Interests" means, in relation to a particular Series, a basket comprising the ETF 
Interests specified in the applicable Issue Terms in the relative proportions or number of ETF 
Interests specified in such Issue Terms; 
"Basket of Indices" means, in relation to a particular Series, a basket comprising the Indices 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms in the relative proportions specified in such Issue Terms; 
"Basket of Shares" means, in relation to a particular Series, a basket comprising Shares of each 
Underlying Issuer specified in the applicable Issue Terms in the relative proportions or number of 
Shares of each Underlying Issuer specified in such Issue Terms; 
"Change in Law" means that, on or after the Trade Date (A) due to the adoption of or any change 
in any applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law), or (B) due to the 
promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority 
with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a 
taxing authority), the Issuer determines that (x), in the case of Single Share Securities, Single Index 
Securities, Single ETF Securities, Share Basket Securities, Index Basket Securities or ETF Basket 
Securities, it has become illegal to hold, acquire or dispose of any relevant Shares or ETF Interests 
or of any financial instrument or contract providing exposure to the Shares or ETF Interests or 
Underlying Index or Indices (as the case may be), or (y) it will incur a materially increased cost in 
performing its obligations with respect to the Securities (including, without limitation, due to any 
increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect on its tax position); 
"Common Scheduled Trading Day" means, in respect of an Index Basket Security, a Share 
Basket Security or an ETF Basket Security (as the case may be), each day which is a Scheduled 
Trading Day for all the Basket Components; 
"Common Valid Date" means, in respect of an Index Basket Security, a Share Basket Security or 
an ETF Basket Security (as the case may be), a Common Scheduled Trading Day that is not a

--- Page 212 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
Part 1: General Terms and Conditions 
 
 
212 
 
Disrupted Day for any Basket Component and on which another Averaging Date does not or is 
deemed not to occur;  
"Component" means, in relation to an Index, any security which comprises such Index; "Deposit 
Agreement" means, in relation to the Shares, the agreements or other instruments constituting the 
Shares, as from time to time amended or supplemented in accordance with their terms. 
"Depositary" means, where the applicable Issue Terms specifies that either the "Partial 
Lookthrough Depositary Receipt Provisions" or the "Full Lookthrough Depositary Receipt 
Provisions" shall apply to a Share, the issuer of the Shares or any successor issuer of the Shares 
from time to time; 
"Determination Date" means, in relation to any determination, each date or dates, if any, specified 
as such in the applicable Issue Terms, provided that (i) if any such date is not a Scheduled Trading 
Day and/or (ii) if any Determination Date is a Disrupted Day, the relevant Determination Date 
shall be determined in accordance with the provisions of Condition 9.1 (Market Disruption, 
Reference Dates and Averaging Dates), which shall apply mutatis mutandis as if such 
Determination Date were a Reference Date;  
"Determination Time" means the time specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, or if no 
such time is specified, (a) save with respect to a Multi-Exchange Index or a Proprietary Index, the 
Scheduled Closing Time on the relevant Exchange in relation to each Index, Share or ETF Interest 
to be valued.  If the relevant Exchange closes prior to its Scheduled Closing Time and the specified 
Determination Time is after the actual closing time for its regular trading session, then the 
Determination Time shall be such actual closing time; (b) with respect to any Multi-Exchange 
Index, (i) for the purposes of determining whether a Market Disruption Event has occurred:  (x) in 
respect of any Component, the Scheduled Closing Time on the Exchange in respect of such 
Component and (y) in respect of any option contracts or futures contracts on the Index, the close 
of trading on the Related Exchange; and (ii) in all other circumstances, the time at which the 
official closing level of the Index is calculated and published by the Index Sponsor; and (c) with 
respect to a Proprietary Index, the time at which or in respect of which the Index Sponsor calculates 
and publishes the official level of the Index; 
"Disrupted Day" means (a) except with respect to a Multi-Exchange Index or a Proprietary Index, 
any Scheduled Trading Day on which a relevant Exchange or any Related Exchange fails to open 
for trading during its regular trading session or on which a Market Disruption Event has occurred, 
(b) with respect to any Multi-Exchange Index, any Scheduled Trading Day on which (i) the Index 
Sponsor fails to publish the level of the Index; (ii) the Related Exchange fails to open for trading 
during its regular trading session or (iii) a Market Disruption Event has occurred; and (c) with 
respect to a Proprietary Index, any Scheduled Trading Day on which a Market Disruption Event 
has occurred (provided that the Determination Agent may, in its discretion, determine that such 
event instead results in the occurrence of an Index Disruption); 
"DR Amendment" means, in respect of the definitions of Merger Event, Tender Offer, 
Nationalisation, Insolvency, Delisting, Insolvency Filing, Change in Law, any other Additional 
Disruption Event specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, Exchange Disruption, 
Market Disruption Event and Trading Disruption, that the following changes shall be made to such 
definition or provision where provided for in Condition 9 (Provisions Relating to Equity-Linked 
Securities): 
(i) 
all references to "Shares" shall be deleted and replaced with the words "Shares and/or the 
Underlying Shares"; and 
(ii) 
all references to "Share Issuer" shall be deleted and replaced with the words "Share Issuer 
or Underlying Share Issuer, as appropriate"; 
"Early Closure" means (a) except with respect to a Multi-Exchange Index, the closure on any 
Exchange Business Day of the relevant Exchange (or in the case of a Single Index Security or 
Index Basket Security, any relevant Exchange(s) relating to securities that comprise 20 per cent. 
or more of the level of the relevant Index) or any Related Exchange(s) prior to its Scheduled 
Closing Time unless such earlier closing time is announced by such Exchange(s) or Related 
Exchange(s) at least one hour prior to the earlier of (i) the actual closing time for the regular trading 
session on such Exchange(s) or Related Exchange(s) on such Exchange Business Day and (ii) the 
submission deadline for orders to be entered into the Exchange or Related Exchange system for

--- Page 213 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
Part 1: General Terms and Conditions 
 
 
213 
 
execution at the Determination Time on such Exchange Business Day and (b) with respect to any 
Multi-Exchange Index, the closure on any Exchange Business Day of the Exchange in respect of 
any Component or the Related Exchange prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier 
closing is announced by such Exchange or Related Exchange (as the case may be) at least one hour 
prior to the earlier of:  (i) the actual closing time for the regular trading session on such Exchange 
or Related Exchange (as the case may be) on such Exchange Business Day; and (ii) the submission 
deadline for orders to be entered into such Exchange or Related Exchange system for execution at 
the relevant Determination Time on such Exchange Business Day; 
"Eligible ETF Interest" means, in respect of any Affected ETF Interest, the interest specified as 
such in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"ETF" means (in respect of an ETF Interest) any exchange traded fund specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms as an ETF; 
"ETF Documents" means, with respect to any ETF Interest, the offering document of the relevant 
ETF, the constitutive and governing documents, subscription agreements and any other agreement 
or document specifying the terms and conditions of such ETF Interest and any additional 
documents specified in the applicable Issue Terms, each as amended from time to time.; 
"ETF Interest" means the share or other interest or unit of holding (including, without limitation, 
any debt security) issued to or held by an investor in an ETF, as identified in the applicable Issue 
Terms; 
"ETF Service Provider" means, in respect of any ETF, any person who is appointed to provide 
services, directly or indirectly, in respect of such ETF, whether or not specified in the ETF 
Documents, including any advisor, manager, administrator, operator, management company, 
depository, custodian, sub-custodian, prime broker, administrator, trustee, registrar, transfer agent, 
domiciliary agent, sponsor or general partner or any other person specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms; 
"Exchange" means: 
(i) 
(i) in respect of an Index relating to Single Index Securities or Index Basket Securities other 
than a Multi-Exchange Index, each exchange or quotation system specified as such for such 
Index in the applicable Issue Terms or, if none is specified, the principal exchange or 
quotation system for trading in such Index, as determined by the Determination Agent, any 
successor to such exchange or quotation system or any substitute exchange or quotation 
system to which trading in the shares underlying such Index has temporarily relocated, 
provided that the Determination Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity 
relative to the shares underlying such Index on such temporary substitute exchange or 
quotation system as on the original Exchange, and (ii) with respect to any Multi-Exchange 
Index, and in respect of each Component, the principal stock exchange on which such 
Component is principally traded, as determined by the Determination Agent; 
(ii) 
in respect of an Share relating to Single Share Securities or Share Basket Securities, each 
exchange or quotation system specified as such for such Share in the applicable Issue Terms 
or, if none is specified, the principal exchange or quotation system for trading in such Share, 
as determined by the Determination Agent, any successor to such Exchange or quotation 
system or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in the Share has 
temporarily relocated, provided that the Determination Agent has determined that there is 
comparable liquidity relative to such Share on such temporary substitute exchange or 
quotation system as on the original Exchange; and 
(iii) 
in respect of an ETF Interest relating to Single ETF Securities or ETF Basket Securities, 
each exchange or quotation system specified as such for such ETF Interest in the applicable 
Issue Terms or, if none is specified, the principal exchange or quotation system for trading 
in such ETF Interest, as determined by the Determination Agent, any successor to such 
Exchange or quotation system or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which 
trading in the ETF Interest has temporarily relocated, provided that the Determination 
Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity relative to such ETF Interest on 
such temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original Exchange.

--- Page 214 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
Part 1: General Terms and Conditions 
 
 
214 
 
"Exchange Business Day" means (a) except with respect to a Multi-Exchange Index, any 
Scheduled Trading Day on which each Exchange and Related Exchange are open for trading 
during their respective regular trading sessions, notwithstanding any such Exchange or Related 
Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time and (b) with respect to any Multi-Exchange 
Index, any Scheduled Trading Day on which (i) the Index Sponsor publishes the level of the Index 
and (ii) the Related Exchange is open for trading during its regular trading session, notwithstanding 
any Exchange or the Related Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time; 
"Exchange Disruption" means (a) except with respect to a Multi-Exchange Index, any event 
(other than an Early Closure) that disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Determination Agent) 
the ability of market participants in general (i) to effect transactions in, or obtain market values 
for, the Shares or ETF Interests on the Exchange (or in the case of Single Index Securities or Index 
Basket Securities, on any relevant Exchange(s) relating to securities that comprise 20 per cent. or 
more of the level of the relevant Index), or (ii) to effect transactions in, or obtain market values 
for, futures or options contracts relating to the Shares, the relevant Index or the ETF Interests (as 
the case may be) on any relevant Related Exchange and (b) with respect to any Multi-Exchange 
Index, any event (other than an Early Closure) that disrupts or impairs (as determined by the 
Determination Agent) the ability of market participants in general to effect transactions in, or 
obtain market values for, (i) any Component on the Exchange in respect of such Component, or 
(ii) futures or options contracts relating to the Index on the Related Exchange; 
"Extraordinary Dividend" means the dividend per Share or ETF Interest, or portion thereof, to 
be characterised as an Extraordinary Dividend as determined by the Determination Agent; 
"Extraordinary ETF Event" has the meaning given in Condition 9.5(f); 
"Extraordinary Event" means a Merger Event, Tender Offer, Nationalisation, Insolvency or 
Delisting; 
"Hedging Disruption" means that the Issuer is unable, after using commercially reasonable 
efforts, to (A) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any 
transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the risk of entering into and performing its 
obligations under the Securities, or (B) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such 
transactions or asset(s); 
"Increased Cost of Hedging" means that the Issuer would incur a materially increased (as 
compared with circumstances existing on the Trade Date) amount of tax, duty, expense or fee 
(other than brokerage commissions) to (A) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, 
unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the risk of entering 
into and performing its obligations with respect to the Securities or (B) realise, recover or remit 
the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s) provided that any such materially increased 
amount that is incurred solely due to the deterioration of the creditworthiness of the Issuer shall 
not be deemed an Increased Cost of Hedging; 
"Index" means any index specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, subject to Condition 9.2 
(Adjustments to Indices); 
"Index Adjustment Event" means, in respect of an Index, an Administrator/Benchmark Event, 
an Index Cancellation, an Index Disruption or an Index Modification; 
"Index Sponsor" means, in respect of an Index, the corporation or other entity that (a) is 
responsible for setting and reviewing the rules and procedures and methods of calculation and 
adjustments, if any, related to the relevant Index (the "Index Rules" in respect of such Index) and 
(b) announces (directly or through an agent) the level of the relevant Index on a regular basis 
during each Scheduled Trading Day; 
"Insolvency Filing" means that the Share Issuer or Underlying Share Issuer, as applicable, 
institutes or has instituted against it by a regulator, supervisor or any similar official with primary 
insolvency, rehabilitative or regulatory jurisdiction over it in the jurisdiction of its incorporation 
or organisation or the jurisdiction of its head or home office, or it consents to a proceeding seeking 
a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency 
law or other similar law affecting creditors' rights, or a petition is presented for its winding up or 
liquidation by it or such regulator, supervisor or similar official or it consents to such a petition, 
provided that proceedings instituted or petitions presented by creditors and not consented to by the 
Share Issuer or Underlying Share Issuer, as applicable, shall not be deemed an Insolvency Filing.

--- Page 215 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
Part 1: General Terms and Conditions 
 
 
215 
 
"Loss of Stock Borrow" means that the Issuer is unable, after using commercially reasonable 
efforts, to borrow (or maintain a borrowing of) the Shares or the ETF Interests with respect to the 
Securities in an amount which the Issuer deems necessary to hedge the risk of entering into and 
performing its obligations with respect to the Securities (not to exceed the number of shares 
underlying the Securities) at a rate determined by the Issuer; 
"Market Disruption Event" means  
(i) 
in respect of (1) a Share, (2) an Index other than a Multi-Exchange Index or a Proprietary 
Index or (3) an ETF Interest, the occurrence or existence of (i) a Trading Disruption, (ii) an 
Exchange Disruption, which in either case the Determination Agent determines is material, 
at any time during the one-hour period that ends at the relevant Determination Time, or (iii) 
an Early Closure.  For the purpose of determining whether a Market Disruption Event exists 
in respect of an Index at any time, if a Market Disruption Event occurs in respect of a 
security included in the Index at any time, then the relevant percentage contribution of that 
security to the level of the Index shall be based on a comparison of (x) the portion of the 
level of the Index attributable to that security and (y) the overall level of the Index, in each 
case immediately before the Market Disruption Event occurred;  
(ii) 
with respect to any Multi-Exchange Index either (i)(A) the occurrence or existence, in 
respect of any Component, of (1) a Trading Disruption, (2) an Exchange Disruption, which 
in either case the Determination Agent determines is material, at any time during the one 
hour period that ends at the relevant Determination Time in respect of the Exchange on 
which such Component is principally traded, OR (3) an Early Closure; AND (B) the 
aggregate of all Components in respect of which a Trading Disruption, an Exchange 
Disruption or an Early Closure occurs or exists comprises 20 per cent. or more of the level 
of the Index; OR (ii) the occurrence or existence, in respect of futures or options contracts 
relating to the Index, of:  (A) a Trading Disruption, (B) an Exchange Disruption, which in 
either case the Determination Agent determines is material, at any time during the one hour 
period that ends at the relevant Determination Time in respect of the Related Exchange; or 
(C) an Early Closure. 
For the purposes of determining whether a Market Disruption Event exists in respect of a 
Component at any time, if a Market Disruption Event occurs in respect of such Component 
at that time, then the relevant percentage contribution of that Component to the level of the 
Index shall be based on a comparison of (x) the portion of the level of the Index attributable 
to that Component to (y) the overall level of the Index, in each case using the official 
opening weightings as published by the Index Sponsor as part of the market "opening 
data"; and 
(iii) 
with respect to a Proprietary Index, the failure by the Index Sponsor to calculate and publish 
the level of the Index for any Scheduled Trading Day or in respect of such Scheduled 
Trading Day within the scheduled or usual timeframe for publication; 
"Multi-Exchange Index" means any Index specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms; 
"Observation Date" means, in relation to any determination, the date or dates, if any, specified as 
such in the applicable Issue Terms, provided that (i) if any such date is not a Scheduled Trading 
Day and/or (ii) if any Observation Date is a Disrupted Day, the relevant Observation Date shall be 
determined in accordance with the provisions of Condition 9.1 (Market Disruption, Reference 
Dates and Averaging Dates), which shall apply mutatis mutandis as if such Observation Date were 
a Reference Date; 
"Potential Adjustment Event" means, in respect of Single Share Securities, Single ETF Security, 
Share Basket Securities or ETF Basket Securities: 
(i) 
a subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of an Share or ETF Interest 
(unless resulting in a Merger Event), or a free distribution or dividend of Shares 
or ETF Interests to existing holders by way of bonus, capitalisation or similar 
issue; 
(ii) 
a distribution, issue or dividend to existing holders of relevant Shares or ETF 
Interests of (A) such Shares or ETF Interests, or (B) other share capital or

--- Page 216 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
Part 1: General Terms and Conditions 
 
 
216 
 
securities granting the right to payment of dividends and/or the proceeds of 
liquidation of the Underlying Issuer or ETF equally or proportionately with such 
payments to holders of such an Shares or ETF Interests, or (C) share capital or 
other securities of another issuer acquired or owned (directly or indirectly) by 
the Underlying Issuer or ETF as a result of a spin-off or other similar transaction, 
or (D) any other type of securities, rights or warrants or other assets, in any case 
for payment (cash or other consideration) at less than the prevailing market price 
as determined by the Determination Agent; 
(iii) 
an Extraordinary Dividend; 
(iv) 
a call by the Underlying Issuer in respect of relevant Shares that are not fully 
paid; 
(v) 
a repurchase by an Underlying Issuer or ETF (as the case may be) or any of its 
subsidiaries of Shares or ETF Interests, whether out of profits or capital and 
whether the consideration for such repurchase is cash, securities or otherwise; 
(vi) 
in respect of an Underlying Issuer, an event that results in any shareholder rights 
being distributed or becoming separated from shares of common stock or other 
shares of the capital stock of the Underlying Issuer pursuant to a shareholder 
rights plan or arrangement directed against hostile takeovers that provides, upon 
the occurrence of certain events, for a distribution of preferred stock, warrants, 
debt instruments or stock rights at a price below their market value, as 
determined by the Determination Agent, provided that any adjustment effected 
as a result of such an event shall be readjusted upon any redemption of such 
rights; or 
(vii) 
any other event that may have a diluting or concentrative effect on the theoretical 
value of the relevant Shares or ETF Interests; 
"Proprietary Index" means any Index specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"Proprietary Index Components" means, in relation to a Proprietary Index, the shares, securities, 
commodities, rates, indices, futures contracts, options contracts, foreign exchange rates or other 
components which comprise such Index (each a "Proprietary Index Component" for such 
Proprietary Index); 
"Reference Cut-Off Date" means, in the case where Securities relate to an Index, Share or ETF 
Interest or a Basket of Indices, Basket of Shares or Basket of ETF Interests and in respect of a 
Scheduled Reference Date for the purposes of Condition 9.1(b) (Market Disruption, Reference 
Dates and Averaging Dates): 
(i) 
if "Common Scheduled Trading Days and Common Disrupted Days" in respect 
of a Basket of Indices, Basket of Shares or Basket of ETF Interests is specified 
to be applicable in the Issue Terms, the eighth Common Scheduled Trading Day 
following such Scheduled Reference Date; or 
(ii) 
in any other case, the eighth Scheduled Trading Day following such Scheduled 
Reference Date; 
"Reference Date" means, for the purposes of Condition 9.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates 
and Averaging Dates), each Valuation Date specified in the applicable Issue Terms, or otherwise, 
any date construed to be a Reference Date in accordance with the Conditions; 
"Related Exchange", in respect of an Index relating to Single Index Securities or Index Basket 
Securities, an Share relating to Single Share Securities or Share Basket Securities or an ETF 
Interest relating to Single ETF Securities or ETF Basket Securities, means the Exchange specified 
as the Relevant Exchange in the applicable Issue Terms, any successor to such exchange or 
quotation system or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in futures and 
options contracts relating to such Index, Shares or ETF Interest has temporarily relocated 
(provided that the Determination Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity relative

--- Page 217 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
Part 1: General Terms and Conditions 
 
 
217 
 
to the futures or options contracts relating to such Index, Shares or ETF Interests on such temporary 
substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original Related Exchange) or, if "All 
Exchanges" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, each exchange or quotation system where 
trading has a material effect (as determined by the Determination Agent) on the overall market for 
futures or options contracts relating to such Index, Shares or ETF Interests, as the case may be;  
"Relevant Equity Index Benchmark" means the Index; 
"Relevant Underlying Value" has the meaning given to it in such provisions of the Additional 
Terms and Conditions as are specified as being applicable in the applicable Issue Terms;  
"Replacement DRs" means depositary receipts other than the Shares over the same Underlying 
Shares; 
"Scheduled Averaging Date" means an original date (following any adjustment (if applicable) 
pursuant to paragraph (i) or (ii) in the definition of "Averaging Date") that, but for such day being 
a Disrupted Day, would have been an Averaging Date; 
"Scheduled Closing Time" means in respect of an Exchange or Related Exchange and a 
Scheduled Trading Day, the scheduled weekday closing time of such Exchange or Related 
Exchange on such Scheduled Trading Day, without regard to after-hours or any other trading 
outside of regular trading session hours; 
"Scheduled Reference Date" means, for the purposes of Condition 9.1(b) (Market Disruption, 
Reference Dates and Averaging Dates), any original date that, but for the occurrence of an event 
causing a Disrupted Day, would have been a Reference Date; 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means (a) except with respect to a Multi-Exchange Index or a 
Proprietary Index, any day on which each Exchange and each Related Exchange are scheduled to 
be open for trading for their respective regular trading session, (b) with respect to any 
Multi-Exchange Index, any day on which (i) the Index Sponsor is scheduled to publish the level 
of the Index and (ii) the Related Exchange is scheduled to be open for trading for its regular trading 
session, and (c) with respect to a Proprietary Index, any day on which the Index Sponsor is 
scheduled to publish the level of such Index; 
"Settlement Cycle" means, in respect of an Share, Index or ETF Interest, the period of Settlement 
Cycle Days following a trade in such Share, the securities underlying such Index or ETF Interest, 
as the case may be, on the Exchange in which settlement will customarily occur according to the 
rules of such exchange (or, in respect of any Multi- exchange Index, the longest such period) and 
for this purpose "Settlement Cycle Day" means, in relation to a clearing system any day on which 
such clearing system is (or but for the occurrence of a Settlement Disruption Event would have 
been) open for acceptance and executions of settlement instructions; 
"Share" means, in relation to a particular Series of Securities, a share specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms, or, in the case of a Share Basket Security, a share forming part of a basket 
of shares to which such Security relates; 
"Share Issuer" means the entity that is the issuer of the Share(s) specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
"Trading Disruption" means (a) except with respect to a Multi-Exchange Index, any suspension 
of or limitation imposed on trading by the Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise and whether 
by reason of movements in price exceeding limits permitted by the Exchange, Related Exchange 
or otherwise (i) relating to the Share or ETF Interest on the Exchange, or, in the case of a Single 
Index Security or Index Basket Security, on any relevant Exchange(s) relating to securities that 
comprise 20 per cent. or more of the level of the relevant Index or (ii) in futures or options contracts 
relating to the Share, the relevant Index or Indices or the ETF Interest on any relevant Related 
Exchange, and (b) with respect to any Multi-Exchange Index, any suspension of or limitation 
imposed on trading by the Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise and whether by reason of 
movements in price exceeding limits permitted by the Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise 
(i) relating to any Component on the Exchange in respect of such Component; or (ii) in futures or 
options contracts relating to the Index on the Related Exchange; 
"Underlying Issuer" means the entity that is the issuer of the Share specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms;

--- Page 218 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
Part 1: General Terms and Conditions 
 
 
218 
 
"Underlying Share" means, the share or other security which is the subject of the Deposit 
Agreement; and 
"Underlying Share Issuer" means the entity that is the issuer of the Underlying Share specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Valid Date" means a Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day and on which another 
Averaging Date in respect of the Reference Date does not, or is not deemed to, occur; and 
"Valuation Date" means each date specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, provided that 
if any such date is (i) not a Scheduled Trading Day and/or (ii) a Disrupted Day, the relevant 
Valuation Date shall be determined in accordance with the provisions of Condition 9.1 (Market 
Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging Dates).   
10. 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO COMMODITY-LINKED SECURITIES 
This Condition 10 (Provisions relating to Commodity-Linked Securities) is applicable only in 
relation to Securities specified in the relevant Issue Terms as being Commodity-Linked Securities. 
 
Corrections to Published Prices 
For the purposes of determining the Relevant Underlying Value for any Pricing Date, if applicable, 
for the purposes of calculating the interest, Final Redemption Amount or any other amount in 
respect of a Commodity-Linked Security, if the price published or announced on a given day and 
used or to be used by the Determination Agent to determine such Relevant Underlying Value is 
subsequently corrected and the correction is published or announced by the person responsible for 
that publication or announcement by such time as may be specified in the relevant Issue Terms 
(or, if none is so specified, within thirty calendar days after the original publication or 
announcement) and in any event prior to the Maturity Date for the relevant Securities the 
Determination Agent shall, acting in good faith and a commercially reasonable manner, determine 
(in its reasonable discretion) the adjustment to the Relevant Underlying Value so calculated and 
will adjust the terms of the relevant Securities to account for such correction to the extent that it 
determines to be necessary and practicable. The Fiscal Agent shall provide notice to the 
Securityholders of any such adjustment in accordance with Condition 28.6 (Notices), giving 
summary details of the adjustment, provided that any failure to give such notice shall not affect 
the validity of any such adjustment. 
 
Commodity Disruption Events 
(a) 
If so specified in the Issue Terms relating to any Series of Commodity-Linked Securities, the 
following shall constitute "Commodity Disruption Events" for the purposes of such Series: 
(i) 
"Price Source Disruption", which means (i) the failure of the Price Source to 
announce or publish the Commodity Specified Price (or the information 
necessary for determining the Commodity Specified Price) for the relevant 
Commodity Reference Price, (ii) the temporary or permanent discontinuance or 
unavailability of the Price Source, (iii) if the Commodity Reference Price is 
"Commodity Reference Dealers", the failure to obtain at least three quotations 
from the relevant Reference Dealers or (iv) if Price Materiality Percentage is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the Commodity Specified Price for the 
relevant Commodity Reference Price differs from the Commodity Specified 
Price determined in accordance with the Commodity Reference Price 
"Commodity Reference Dealers" by such Price Materiality Percentage; 
(ii) 
"Trading Disruption", which means the material suspension of, or the material 
limitation imposed on, trading in the Futures Contract or the Commodity on the 
Exchange or in any additional futures contract, options contract or commodity 
on any Exchange as specified in the applicable Issue Terms.  The determination 
of whether a suspension of or limitation on trading is material shall be made by 
the Determination Agent in accordance with the following: 
(A) 
a suspension of trading in the Futures Contract or the Commodity on any Commodity 
Business Day shall be deemed to be material only if:  (1) all trading in the Futures Contract 
or the Commodity is suspended for the entire Pricing Date; or (2) all trading in the Futures

--- Page 219 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
Part 1: General Terms and Conditions 
 
 
219 
 
Contract or the Commodity is suspended subsequent to the opening of trading on the Pricing 
Date, trading does not recommence prior to the regularly scheduled close of trading in such 
Futures Contract or such Commodity on such Pricing Date and such suspension is 
announced less than one hour preceding its commencement; and 
(B) 
a limitation of trading in the Futures Contract or the Commodity on any Commodity 
Business Day shall be deemed to be material only if the relevant Exchange establishes limits 
on the range within which the price of the Futures Contract or the Commodity may fluctuate 
and the closing or settlement price of the Futures Contract or Commodity on such day is at 
the upper or lower limit of that range. 
(iii) 
"Disappearance of Commodity Reference Price", which means (i) the 
permanent discontinuation of trading in the relevant Futures Contract on the 
relevant Exchange, (ii) the disappearance of, or of trading in, the relevant 
Commodity, or (iii) the disappearance or permanent discontinuance or 
unavailability of a Commodity Reference Price, notwithstanding the availability 
of the related Price Source or the status of trading in the relevant Futures 
Contract or the relevant Commodity; 
(iv) 
"Material Change in Formula", which means the occurrence since the Trade 
Date of a material change in the formula for or method of calculating the relevant 
Commodity Reference Price; 
(v) 
"Material Change in Content", which means the occurrence since the Trade 
Date of a material change in the content, composition or constitution of the 
relevant Commodity or relevant Futures Contract; and 
(vi) 
"Tax Disruption", which means the imposition of, change in or removal of an 
excise, severance, sales, use, value added, transfer, stamp, documentary, 
recording or similar tax on, or measured by reference to, the relevant Commodity 
(other than a tax on, or measured by reference to, overall gross or net income) 
by any government or taxation authority after the Trade Date, if the direct effect 
of such imposition, change or removal is to raise or lower the Relevant 
Underlying Value on the day that would otherwise be a Pricing Date from what 
it would have been without that imposition, change or removal. 
(b) 
If the applicable Issue Terms for a Series of Commodity-Linked Securities specifies that any 
Commodity Disruption Event shall be applicable to such Series, then, where the Determination 
Agent determines, acting in a commercially reasonable manner, that such Commodity Disruption 
Event has occurred and is continuing in respect of such Series on a Pricing Date in respect of such 
Series (or, if different, the day on which prices for that Pricing Date would, in the ordinary course, 
be published or announced by the Price Source), or on any other day as may be specified for this 
purpose in the relevant Issue Terms, then the Relevant Underlying Value will be determined in 
accordance with the terms of the Commodity Disruption Fallback applicable pursuant to Condition 
10.3 (Commodity Disruption Fallbacks). 
 
Commodity Disruption Fallbacks 
(a) 
If so specified in the Issue Terms relating to any Series of Securities, the following shall constitute 
"Commodity Disruption Fallbacks" for the purposes of such Series, and the applicable Issue 
Terms shall specify which Commodity Disruption Fallback(s) shall apply to such Series, to which 
Commodity Disruption Event each such Commodity Disruption Fallback shall apply and, where 
more than one Commodity Disruption Fallback may apply to a Commodity Disruption Event, the 
order in which such Commodity Disruption Fallback(s) shall apply to such Commodity Disruption 
Event. 
(i) 
"Fallback Reference Price" means that the Determination Agent shall 
determine the Relevant Underlying Value using the Commodity Reference Price 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms as an alternative Commodity Reference 
Price provided it is not subject to a Commodity Disruption Event.  If such 
alternative Commodity Reference Price is subject to a Commodity Disruption

--- Page 220 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
Part 1: General Terms and Conditions 
 
 
220 
 
Event, the next Commodity Disruption Fallback (if any) specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms will apply; 
(ii) 
"Postponement" means that the Pricing Date will be deemed, for purposes of 
the application of this Commodity Disruption Fallback only, to be the first 
succeeding Commodity Business Day on which the Commodity Disruption 
Event ceases to exist, unless that Commodity Disruption Event continues to exist 
(measured from and including the original day that would otherwise have been 
the Pricing Date) for consecutive Commodity Business Days equal in number to 
the Specified Maximum Days of Disruption. In that case, the next Disruption 
Fallback (if any) specified in the relevant Issue Terms will apply; 
(iii) 
"Commodity Fallback Value" means the arithmetic mean of the quotations 
provided to the Determination Agent by each of the Reference Dealers as its 
Commodity Reference Price for the relevant Pricing Date of the relevant 
Commodity, provided that if only three such quotations are so provided, the 
Commodity Fallback Value shall be the Commodity Reference Price remaining 
after disregarding the Commodity Reference Prices having the highest and 
lowest values (or if more than one such highest or lowest, one only of them).  If 
fewer than three such quotations are so provided, it will be deemed that such 
value cannot be determined and the next Commodity Disruption Fallback 
specified in the Issue Terms (if any) will apply; and 
(iv) 
"Determination Agent Determination" means that the Determination Agent 
will determine, in its reasonable discretion, the Relevant Underlying Value (or a 
method for determining the Relevant Underlying Value), taking into 
consideration the latest available quotation for the relevant Commodity 
Reference Price and any other information that it deems relevant, 
provided however that unless the applicable Issue Terms specify that any other Commodity 
Disruption Fallback(s) shall apply in respect of any Commodity Disruption Event, Determination 
Agent Determination alone shall apply. 
(b) 
Where one or more Commodity Disruption Events have been specified as applicable in the relevant 
Issue Terms and (i) more than one of such Commodity Disruption Events occur or exist, and (ii) a 
different Commodity Disruption Fallback is elected with respect to each such Commodity 
Disruption Event, then, unless the applicable Issue Terms specifies that any other Commodity 
Disruption Fallback shall apply, "Determination Agent Determination" shall apply. 
(c) 
With respect to Securities referencing a  Basket of Commodities, if the Determination Agent 
determines that a Commodity Disruption Event has occurred or exists on the Pricing Date in 
respect of any Commodity in the Basket (the "Affected Commodity"), the Relevant Underlying 
Value of each Commodity within the Basket in respect of which no Commodity Disruption Event 
exists or has occurred shall be determined on its scheduled Pricing Date and the Relevant 
Underlying Value of the Affected Commodity shall be determined in accordance with the first 
applicable Commodity Disruption Fallback that provides a Commodity Reference Price. 
 
Administrator/Benchmark Events 
If the Benchmark Trigger Provisions are specified in the applicable Issue Terms as being 
applicable and an Administrator/Benchmark Event Date occurs in respect of any Relevant 
Commodity Benchmark:  
(a) 
the Commodity Disruption Fallbacks specified in the applicable Issue Terms to apply with respect 
to an Administrator/Benchmark Event will apply, or if none is so specified, the Commodity 
Disruption Fallbacks specified in the applicable Issue Terms to apply with respect to 
Disappearance of Commodity Reference Price shall be deemed to apply in accordance with 
Condition 10.3 (Commodity Disruption Fallbacks) provided that if the Relevant Commodity 
Benchmark is not a Commodity Reference Price (or the index, benchmark or other price source 
that is referred to in the Commodity Reference Price) then references to the "Commodity 
Reference Price" in the applicable Commodity Disruption Fallbacks and related definitions and

--- Page 221 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
Part 1: General Terms and Conditions 
 
 
221 
 
provisions of these Conditions shall be deemed to be references to the "Relevant Commodity 
Benchmark"; 
(b) 
if it (i) is or would be unlawful at any time under any applicable law or regulation or (ii) would 
contravene any applicable licensing requirements, in each case for the Issuer, the Determination 
Agent or the Calculation Agent to perform the actions prescribed in an applicable Commodity 
Disruption Fallback (or it would be unlawful or would contravene those licensing requirements 
were a determination to be made at such time), the next applicable Commodity Disruption Fallback 
will apply; and 
(c) 
if the Determination Agent determines that the last applicable Commodity Disruption Fallback 
does not provide the Relevant Underlying Value (including due to the applicability of paragraph 
(b) above in relation to the last applicable Commodity Disruption Fallback), then the Issuer shall 
give not less than five Business Days' notice to redeem the Securities and the Issuer's obligations 
under the Securities shall be satisfied in full upon payment in respect of each Security of an amount 
equal to either:  
(i) 
if "Early Redemption Amount (Administrator/Benchmark Event) – Fair Market 
Value Less Costs" is specified in the Issue Terms, the fair market value of such 
Security, on such day as is selected by the Determination Agent in its reasonable 
discretion (provided that such day is not more than 15 days before the date fixed 
for redemption of the Security),  less the proportion attributable to that Security 
of the reasonable cost to the Issuer and/or any Affiliate of, or the loss realised by 
the Issuer and/or any Affiliate on, unwinding any related hedging arrangements, 
all as calculated by the Determination Agent in its reasonable discretion; or  
(ii) 
if "Early Redemption Amount (Administrator/Benchmark Event) – Fair Market 
Value" is specified in the Issue Terms, the fair market value of such Security, on 
such day as is selected by the Determination Agent in its reasonable discretion 
(provided that such day is not more than 15 days before the date fixed for 
redemption of the Security),  as calculated by the Determination Agent in its 
reasonable discretion. 
(d) 
The Determination Agent shall as soon as reasonably practicable under the circumstances notify 
the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent of the occurrence of an Administrator/Benchmark Event Date and 
of any action taken as a consequence. The Fiscal Agent shall provide notice to the Securityholders 
of any the Administrator/ Benchmark Event Date and of any action taken as a consequence in 
accordance with Condition 28.6 (Notices), provided that any failure to give such notice shall not 
affect the validity of the foregoing. 
 
Common Pricing 
With respect to Securities referencing two or more Commodity Reference Prices, if "Common 
Pricing" is specified in the Issue Terms as "Applicable", then no date will be a Pricing Date unless 
such date (the "Common Pricing Date") is a day on which all referenced Commodity Reference 
Prices (for which such date would otherwise be a Pricing Date) are scheduled to be published or 
announced, as determined as of the time of issue of the Securities. 
 
Commodity Index Disruption Events 
(a) 
The following shall constitute "Commodity Index Disruption Events" for the purposes of any 
Series of Securities with respect to a Commodity Index: 
(i) 
a temporary or permanent failure by the applicable exchange or other price 
source to announce or publish the relevant Commodity Specified Price; or 
(ii) 
the occurrence in respect of any Component of the relevant Commodity Index 
of a Commodity Disruption Event (as defined in Condition 10.2 (Commodity 
Disruption Events).

--- Page 222 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
Part 1: General Terms and Conditions 
 
 
222 
 
(b) 
Where the Determination Agent determines, acting in a commercially reasonable manner, that a 
Commodity Index Disruption Event has occurred and is continuing in respect of a Series on a 
Pricing Date in respect of such Series (or, if different, the day on which prices for that Pricing Date 
would, in the ordinary course, be published or announced by the Price Source), or on any other 
day as may be specified for this purpose in the applicable Issue Terms, then the following 
provisions shall apply: 
(i) 
with respect to each Component which is not affected by the Commodity Index 
Disruption Event, the Relevant Underlying Value will be determined by the 
Determination Agent based on the closing prices of each such Component on the 
applicable Pricing Date; 
(ii) 
with respect to each Component which is affected by the Commodity Index 
Disruption Event, the Relevant Underlying Value will be determined by the 
Determination Agent (in the case of any Dow Jones UBS Commodity Index) as 
set out in the DJ UBSCI Manual or (in the case of any S&P Commodity Index) 
as set out in the Index Methodology in each case based on the closing prices of 
each such Component on the first day following the applicable Pricing Date on 
which no Commodity Index Disruption Event occurs with respect to such 
Component; 
(iii) 
subject to paragraph (d) below, the Determination Agent shall determine the 
Relevant Underlying Value by reference to the closing prices determined in 
paragraphs (a) and (b) above using the then current method for calculating the 
relevant Commodity Index; and 
(iv) 
where a Commodity Index Disruption Event with respect to one or more 
Components continues to exist (measured from and including the first day 
following the applicable determination date) for five consecutive Trading Days, 
the Determination Agent shall determine the Relevant Underlying Value acting 
in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner.  In calculating the 
Relevant Underlying Value as set out in this paragraph, the Determination Agent 
shall use the formula for calculating the relevant Commodity Index last in effect 
prior to the Commodity Index Disruption Event. 
(c) 
If it (a) is or would be unlawful at any time under any applicable law or regulation or (b) would 
contravene any applicable licensing requirements, for the Determination Agent to perform the 
actions prescribed in Condition 10.6(b) above then the Issuer shall give not less than five Business 
Days' notice to redeem the Securities and the Issuer's obligations under the Securities shall be 
satisfied in full upon payment in respect of each Security of an amount equal to either:  
(i) 
if "Early Redemption Amount (Commodity Index Disruption Event) – Fair 
Market Value Less Costs" is specified in the Issue Terms, the fair market value 
of such Security, on such day as is selected by the Determination Agent in its 
reasonable discretion (provided that such day is not more than 15 days before 
the date fixed for redemption of the Security),  less the proportion attributable to 
that Security of the reasonable cost to the Issuer and/or any Affiliate of, or the 
loss realised by the Issuer and/or any Affiliate on, unwinding any related hedging 
arrangements, all as calculated by the Determination Agent in its reasonable 
discretion; or  
(ii) 
if "Early Redemption Amount (Commodity Index Disruption Event) – Fair 
Market Value" is specified in the Issue Terms, the fair market value of such 
Security, on such day as is selected by the Determination Agent in its reasonable 
discretion (provided that such day is not more than 15 days before the date fixed 
for redemption of the Security),  as calculated by the Determination Agent in its 
reasonable discretion. 
(d) 
The Determination Agent shall as soon as reasonably practicable under the circumstances notify 
the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent of the occurrence of a Commodity Index Disruption Event and of 
any action taken as a consequence. The Fiscal Agent shall provide notice to the Securityholders of

--- Page 223 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
Part 1: General Terms and Conditions 
 
 
223 
 
any the Commodity Index Disruption Event and of any action taken as a consequence in 
accordance with Condition 28.6 (Notices), provided that any failure to give such notice shall not 
affect the validity of the foregoing. 
 
Adjustments to Commodity Index 
(a) 
If a Commodity Index with respect to a Commodity Reference Price is permanently cancelled or 
is not calculated and announced by the sponsor of such Commodity Index or any of its affiliates 
(together the "Sponsor") but (i) is calculated and announced by a successor sponsor (the 
"Successor Sponsor") acceptable to the Determination Agent, or (ii) replaced by a successor index 
(the "Successor Index") using, in the determination of the Determination Agent, the same or a 
substantially similar formula for and method of calculation as used in the calculation of such 
Commodity Index, then the Commodity Reference Price will be determined by reference to the 
Commodity Index as so calculated and announced by that Successor Sponsor or that Successor 
Index, as the case may be. 
(b) 
Commodity Index Cancellation or Administrator/ Benchmark Event Date 
If, for a Commodity Index with respect to a Commodity Reference Price, on or prior to the 
Maturity Date or Early Redemption Date, either (1) the Sponsor permanently cancels the 
Commodity Index and no Successor Index exists (a "Commodity Index Cancellation") or (2) the 
applicable Issue Terms specify that the Benchmark Trigger Provisions are applicable and an 
Administrator/ Benchmark Event and an Administrator/ Benchmark Event Date occurs in respect 
of such Commodity Index, then: 
(i) 
If the applicable Issue Terms specify that the Benchmark Trigger Provisions are applicable 
and if an Alternative Pre-nominated Index has been specified in relation to such relevant 
Commodity Index in the applicable Issue Terms, then: 
(A) 
the Determination Agent shall attempt to determine an Adjustment Payment; 
(B) 
if the Determination Agent determines an Adjustment Payment,  
(aa) 
it shall notify the Issuer of the Adjustment Payment and if the Adjustment 
Payment is an amount that the Securityholder would (but for Condition 
10.7(b)(i)(B)(cc)(b)) be required to pay to the Issuer in respect of each 
Security, request the Issuer to notify the Determination Agent whether it 
intends to redeem the Securities pursuant to Condition 10.7(d). If the Issuer 
does not intend to redeem the Securities pursuant to Condition 10.7(d) then 
the following provisions of this Condition 10.7(b)(i) shall apply; 
(bb) 
the terms of the Securities shall be amended so that references to the 
Commodity Index are replaced by references to the Alternative Pre-
nominated Index;  
(cc) 
the Conditions shall be adjusted to implement the Adjustment Payment as 
follows: 
(a) 
if the Adjustment Payment is an amount that the Issuer is required to 
pay in respect of each Security, the Determination Agent shall adjust 
the Conditions to provide for the payment of the Adjustment Payment 
on the immediately succeeding Interest Payment Date or if there is no 
such immediately succeeding Interest Payment Date, on the Maturity 
Date or other date when the Securities are redeemed in  full; or 
(b) 
if the Adjustment Payment is an amount that the Securityholder would 
(but for this Condition 10.7(b)(i)(B)(cc)(b)) be required to pay to the 
Issuer in respect of each Security, the Determination Agent shall 
adjust the Conditions to provide for the reduction of the amounts due 
by the Issuer until the aggregate amount of such reductions is equal to 
the Adjustment Payment, (subject, in the determination of the

--- Page 224 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
Part 1: General Terms and Conditions 
 
 
224 
 
Determination Agent, to any minimum redemption amount of the 
Securities which the Determination Agent determines is required 
pursuant to any applicable law or regulation (including, without 
limitation, any tax law) and the rules of each listing authority, stock 
exchange and/or quotation system by which the Securities have then 
been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation);  
(dd) 
the Determination Agent shall make such other adjustments to the Conditions 
as it determines necessary or appropriate in order to account for the effect of 
the replacement of the Commodity Index with the Alternative Pre-nominated 
Index and/or to preserve as nearly as practicable the economic equivalence 
of the Securities before and after the replacement of the Commodity Index 
with the Alternative Pre-nominated Index; and 
(ee) 
the Determination Agent shall notify the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent of any 
such Adjustment Payment and adjustments to the Conditions. 
(C) 
If the Determination Agent is unable to determine an Adjustment Payment then Condition 
10.7(d) shall apply. 
(ii) 
If the applicable Issue Terms do not specify that the Benchmark Trigger Provisions are 
applicable or, if the Issue Terms specify that the Benchmark Trigger Provisions are 
applicable but do not specify an Alternative Pre-nominated Index in relation to the Relevant 
Equity Benchmark, then Condition 10.7(d) shall apply. 
(c) 
If, for a Commodity Index with respect to a Commodity Reference Price, on or prior to the 
Maturity Date or Early Redemption Date, (i) the Sponsor makes a material change in the formula 
for or the method of calculating such Commodity Index or in any other way materially modifies 
such Commodity Index (other than a modification prescribed in that formula or method to maintain 
the Commodity Index in the event of changes in constituent commodities and weightings and other 
routine events) (a "Commodity Index Modification") or, (ii) the Sponsor fails to calculate and 
announce the Commodity Index for a continuous period of three Trading Days and the 
Determination Agent determines that there is no Successor Sponsor or Successor Index (a 
"Commodity Index Disruption"), then the Determination Agent may at its option (in the case of 
(i)) and shall (in the case of (ii)) calculate the Relevant Underlying Value using in lieu of the 
published level for that Commodity Index (if any), the level for that Commodity Index as at the 
relevant determination date as determined by the Determination Agent in accordance with the 
formula for and method of calculating that Commodity Index last in effect prior to the relevant 
Index Adjustment Event, but using only those Futures Contracts that comprised that Index 
immediately prior to the relevant Index Adjustment Event (other than those futures contracts that 
have ceased to be listed on any relevant exchange). 
(d) 
Redemption for Commodity Index Adjustment Event: 
If:  
(i) 
a Commodity Index Cancellation occurs and the Issue Terms do not specify that the 
Benchmark Trigger Provisions are applicable; 
(ii) 
a Commodity Index Cancellation or an Administrator/Benchmark Event Date occurs in 
respect of a Commodity Index, the Issue Terms specify that the Benchmark Trigger 
Provisions are applicable but do not specify an Alternative Pre-nominated Index; 
(iii) 
a Commodity Index Cancellation or an Administrator/ Benchmark Event Date occurs in 
respect of a Commodity Index, the Issue Terms specify that the Benchmark Trigger 
Provisions are applicable and specify an Alternative Pre-nominated Index but the 
Determination Agent is unable to determine the Adjustment Payment; 
(iv) 
a Commodity Index Cancellation or an Administrator/ Benchmark Event Date occurs in 
respect of a Commodity Index, the Issue Terms specify that the Benchmark Trigger 
Provisions are applicable and specify an Alternative Pre-nominated Index and the

--- Page 225 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
Part 1: General Terms and Conditions 
 
 
225 
 
Determination Agent determines that the Adjustment Payment would be an amount that the 
Securityholder would (but for Condition 10.7(b)(i)(B)(cc)(b)) be required to pay to the 
Issuer in respect of each Security; or 
(v) 
a Commodity Index Modification or a Commodity Index Disruption occurs and it (a) would 
be unlawful at any time under any applicable law or regulation or (b) would contravene any 
applicable licensing requirements, in each case for the Determination Agent to calculate 
the Relevant Underlying Value in accordance with Condition 10.7(c),  
then the Issuer may, at any time thereafter and in its reasonable discretion, determine that the 
Securities shall be redeemed as of any later date.  If the Issuer so determines that the Securities 
shall be redeemed, then the Issuer shall give not less than five Business Days' notice to the 
Securityholders to redeem the Securities and upon redemption the Issuer will pay in respect of 
each Security an amount equal to either: 
(i) 
if "Early Redemption Amount (Commodity Index Adjustment Event) – Fair Market Value 
Less Costs" is specified in the Issue Terms, the fair market value of such Security, on such 
day as is selected by the Determination Agent in its reasonable discretion (provided that 
such day is not more than 15 days before the date fixed for redemption of the Security),  
less the proportion attributable to that Security of the reasonable cost to the Issuer and/or 
any Affiliate of, or the loss realised by the Issuer and/or any Affiliate on, unwinding any 
related hedging arrangements, all as calculated by the Determination Agent in its 
reasonable discretion; or  
(ii) 
if "Early Redemption Amount (Commodity Index Adjustment Event) – Fair Market Value" 
is specified in the Issue Terms, the fair market value of such Security, on such day as is 
selected by the Determination Agent in its reasonable discretion (provided that such day 
is not more than 15 days before the date fixed for redemption of the Security),  as calculated 
by the Determination Agent in its reasonable discretion. 
The Issuer's obligations under the Securities shall be satisfied in full upon payment of such amount. 
If the Issuer determines that the relevant Securities shall continue, the Determination Agent 
may make such adjustment as the Determination Agent, in its reasonable discretion, 
considers appropriate, if any, to the formula and other provisions for determining the Final 
Redemption Amount, any Interest Amount or the Relevant Underlying Value (as defined in 
Section 4 (Value Determination Terms) of the Additional Terms and Conditions) set out in 
these General Conditions and such provisions of the Additional Terms and Conditions as are 
specified as being applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, and any other variable relevant 
to the settlement or payment terms of the Securities, which change or adjustment shall be 
effective on such date as the Determination Agent shall determine. The Fiscal Agent shall 
provide notice to the Securityholders of any such change or adjustment, giving summary 
details of the relevant change or adjustment, in accordance with Condition 28.6 (Notices), 
provided that any failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of any such change 
or adjustment. 
(e) 
The Determination Agent shall as soon as reasonably practicable under the circumstances notify 
the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent of the occurrence of a Commodity Index Adjustment Event and of 
any action taken as a consequence. The Fiscal Agent shall provide notice to the Securityholders of 
any the Commodity Index Adjustment Event and of any action taken as a consequence in 
accordance with Condition 28.6 (Notices), provided that any failure to give such notice shall not 
affect the validity of the foregoing. 
 
Additional Disruption Events 
(a) 
Following the occurrence of an Additional Disruption Event, the Issuer will, in its reasonable 
discretion, determine whether or not the relevant Securities shall continue or be redeemed early. 
(b) 
If the Issuer determines that the relevant Securities shall continue, the Determination Agent may 
make such adjustment as the Determination Agent, in its reasonable discretion, considers 
appropriate, if any, to any variable relevant to the redemption, settlement, or payment terms of the

--- Page 226 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
Part 1: General Terms and Conditions 
 
 
226 
 
relevant Securities and/or any other adjustment which change or adjustment shall be effective on 
such date as the Determination Agent shall determine. The Fiscal Agent shall provide notice to the 
Securityholders of any such adjustment, giving summary details of the adjustment in accordance 
with Condition 28.6 (Notices), provided that any failure to give such notice shall not affect the 
validity of any such adjustment. 
(c) 
If the Issuer determines that the relevant Securities shall be redeemed early, then the Issuer shall 
give not less than five Business Days' notice to redeem the Securities and the Issuer's obligations 
under the Securities shall be satisfied in full upon payment in respect of each Security of an amount 
equal to either:  
(i) 
if "Early Redemption Amount (Additional Disruption Event) – Fair Market 
Value Less Costs" is specified in the Issue Terms, the fair market value of such 
Security, on such day as is selected by the Determination Agent in its reasonable 
discretion (provided that such day is not more than 15 days before the date fixed 
for redemption of the Security),  less the proportion attributable to that Security 
of the reasonable cost to the Issuer and/or any Affiliate of, or the loss realised by 
the Issuer and/or any Affiliate on, unwinding any related hedging arrangements, 
all as calculated by the Determination Agent in its reasonable discretion; or  
(ii) 
if "Early Redemption Amount (Additional Disruption Event) – Fair Market 
Value" is specified in the Issue Terms, the fair market value of such Security, on 
such day as is selected by the Determination Agent in its reasonable discretion 
(provided that such day is not more than 15 days before the date fixed for 
redemption of the Security),  as calculated by the Determination Agent in its 
reasonable discretion. 
(d) 
The Issuer shall as soon as reasonably practicable under the circumstances notify the Fiscal Agent 
and the Determination Agent of the occurrence of an Additional Disruption Event. 
(e) 
For the purposes hereof: 
"Additional Disruption Event" means, with respect to any Series of Securities, any of Change in 
Law, Hedging Disruption and/or Increased Cost of Hedging as are specified as applicable in the 
Issue Terms. 
 
Commodity-Linked Security Inconvertibility Event 
If "Commodity-Linked Security Inconvertibility Provisions" are applicable as specified the Issue 
Terms in relation to any Series of Securities, then the provisions of Clause 33 (Inconvertibility 
Events) shall not apply and the following provisions shall apply instead: 
(a) 
Inconvertibility Event 
"Inconvertibility Event" means with respect to any Series of Securities, the occurrence of any 
event that makes it impossible, unlawful or commercially impracticable for the Issuer to (i) convert 
the Relevant Currency into the Inconvertibility Specified Currency in the Relevant Jurisdiction, or 
(ii) deliver the Inconvertibility Specified Currency into or between accounts in the Relevant 
Jurisdiction, in either case on the Maturity Date, other than where (x) such impossibility is due 
solely to the failure by the Issuer to comply with any law, rule or regulation enacted by the 
government (or any other body with the power to make laws, rules and regulations in the Relevant 
Jurisdiction) of the Relevant Jurisdiction (unless such law, rule or regulation is enacted after the 
Trade Date and it is impossible for Issuer, due to an event beyond its control, to comply with such 
law, rule or regulation, (y) after using commercially reasonable efforts, none of MSBV, MSFL, 
Morgan Stanley Bank, N.A., Morgan Stanley Capital Services, Inc. and MSI plc would be able to 
effect such conversion or transfer, or (z) the Inconvertibility Specified Currency has been replaced 
by the Euro.  
If the Inconvertibility Specified Currency is unavailable because it has been replaced by the Euro, 
the Issuer may at its option (or will, if required by applicable law) without the consent of the 
holders of the affected Securities, pay any amount in respect of the Securities in Euro instead of 
the Inconvertibility Specified Currency, in conformity with legally applicable measures taken

--- Page 227 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
Part 1: General Terms and Conditions 
 
 
227 
 
pursuant to, or by virtue of, the Treaty establishing the European Community.  Any payment made 
in Euro where the required payment is in an unavailable Inconvertibility Specified Currency, will 
not constitute an Event of Default. 
If at any time during the term of the Securities the Determination Agent determines that an 
Inconvertibility Event has occurred, it will inform the Issuer of such event.  Following the 
determination of an Inconvertibility Event, the Issuer will make any payments due under the 
Securities by converting any amount due under the Securities from the Inconvertibility Specified 
Currency into the Relevant Currency at the Fallback FX Spot Rate determined by the 
Determination Agent in its reasonable discretion. 
(b) 
Fallback Spot FX Rate 
"Fallback FX Spot Rate", means in relation to any Series of Securities, in relation to a payment 
date, the exchange rate (expressed as a number of the Inconvertibility Specified Currency per one 
unit of the Relevant Currency) equal to the arithmetic mean, as determined by the Determination 
Agent, of the firm offer quotes obtained for settlement on or about such payment date, after 
eliminating the highest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the highest) and the lowest 
quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the lowest) of exchange rates for conversion of the 
Inconvertibility Specified Currency into the Relevant Currency determined by at least five leading 
dealers selected by the Determination Agent (the "Reference Dealers"), dealing in the market for 
the Inconvertibility Specified Currency, taking into consideration the latest available offer 
quotation for such exchange rate and any other information deemed relevant by such reference 
dealers; provided further that if the Determination Agent is unable to obtain five such quotes from 
the Reference Dealers on such date for any reason, the exchange rate shall be the exchange rate 
for settlement as determined by the Determination Agent on such date taking into account any 
information deemed relevant by the Determination Agent. A quotation of MSI plc or its affiliate 
may be included in the calculation described above.  
 
Adjustments to Brent Commodity Reference Price 
If the Determination Agent exercises its discretion to make any adjustments to the relevant Brent 
Commodity Reference Price pursuant to such Brent Commodity Reference Price, or if any 
adjustment or substitution is otherwise made pursuant to the relevant Brent Commodity Reference 
Price, then upon making any such substitution or adjustment, the Fiscal Agent shall notify the 
Securityholders of the adjustment or substitution in accordance with Condition 28.6 (Notices), 
detailing any such adjustments or substitutions and the effective date of such adjustments or 
substitutions. 
 
Definitions applicable to Commodity-Linked Securities 
In relation to Commodity-Linked Securities, the following expressions have the meanings set out 
below: 
"Adjustment Payment" means, in respect of any Security, the payment (if any) determined by 
the Determination Agent as is required in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably 
practicable, any transfer of economic value to or from the Issuer as a result of the replacement of 
the Commodity Index by the Pre-nominated Alternative Index; 
"Basket" means a basket composed of each Commodity specified in the relevant Issue Terms; 
"Brent Commodity Reference Price" means any Commodity Reference Price listed under the 
heading "Oil-Brent" in Section 6 (Commodity Reference Price) of the Additional Terms and 
Conditions); 
"Change in Law" means that, on or after the Trade Date (A) due to the adoption of or any change 
in any applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law), or (B) due to the 
promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority 
with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a 
taxing authority), the Issuer determines that (x) it has become illegal to hold, acquire or dispose of 
any Hedge Positions or (y) it will incur a materially increased cost in performing its obligations 
with respect to the Securities (including, without limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, 
decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect on its tax position); 
"Commodity" means each commodity specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms;

--- Page 228 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
Part 1: General Terms and Conditions 
 
 
228 
 
"Commodity Business Day" means: 
(i) 
in the case where the Commodity Reference Price is a price announced or 
published by an Exchange, a day that is (or, but for the occurrence of a 
Commodity Disruption Event, would have been) a day on which that Exchange 
is open for trading during its regular trading session, notwithstanding any such 
Exchange closing prior to its scheduled closing time; and 
(ii) 
in the case where the Commodity Reference Price is not a price announced or 
published by an Exchange, a day in respect of which the relevant Price Source 
published (or, but for the occurrence of a Commodity Disruption Event, would 
have published) a price; 
"Commodity Index" means an index comprising commodities specified as such in the relevant 
Issue Terms; 
"Commodity Index Adjustment Event" means, in respect of a Commodity Index, a Commodity 
Index Cancellation, a Commodity Index Disruption, a Commodity Index Modification or an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event; 
"Commodity Reference Price" means either: 
(i) 
unless "Commodity Reference Dealers" is specified as being applicable in 
respect of the Securities as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
commodity reference price(s) specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms 
which may, without limitation, be one or more of the commodity reference prices 
set out in Section 6 (Commodity Reference Price) of the Additional Terms and 
Conditions, or 
(ii) 
if "Commodity Reference Dealers" is specified as applicable in the relevant 
Issue Terms, the Commodity Reference Price will be determined on the basis of 
quotations provided by Reference Dealers on that Pricing Date of that day's 
Commodity Specified Price for a unit of the relevant Commodity for delivery on 
the Delivery Date, if applicable. If four quotations are provided as requested, the 
price for that Pricing Date will be the arithmetic mean of the Commodity 
Specified Prices for that Commodity provided by each Reference Dealer, 
without regard to the Commodity Specified Prices having the highest and lowest 
values.  If exactly three quotations are provided as requested, the price for that 
Pricing Date will be the Commodity Specified Price provided by the relevant 
Reference Dealer that remains after disregarding the Commodity Specified 
Prices having the highest and lowest values.  For this purpose, if more than one 
quotation has the same highest value or lowest value, then the Commodity 
Specified Price of one such quotation shall be disregarded.  If fewer than three 
quotations are provided, it will be deemed that the price for the Pricing Date 
cannot be determined; 
"Commodity Specified Price" means the price of a Commodity or Commodities or level of a 
Commodity Index (which must be a price reported or capable of being determined from 
information reported in or by the relevant Price Source) as set out in Section 6 (Commodity 
Reference Price) of the Additional Terms and Conditions in relation to the relevant Commodity 
Reference Price, or, in respect of any Commodity Reference Price not set out in  Section 6 
(Commodity Reference Price) of the Additional Terms and Conditions, as determined in 
accordance with the applicable provisions of these General Conditions and Section 4 (Value 
Determination Terms) of the Additional Terms and Conditions; 
"Component" means in relation to a Commodity Index, any commodity or Futures Contract the 
price of which is included in such Commodity Index; 
"Delivery Date" means the relevant date or month for delivery of the underlying Commodity 
(which must be a date or month reported or capable of being determined from information reported 
in or by the relevant Price Source) specified as such in Section 6 (Commodity Reference Price) of 
the Additional Terms and Conditions with respect to the relevant Commodity Reference Price, or

--- Page 229 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
Part 1: General Terms and Conditions 
 
 
229 
 
in respect of any Commodity Reference Price not specified in Section 6 (Commodity Reference 
Price) of the Additional Terms and Conditions, as set out in the Issue Terms; 
"DJ UBS Commodity Index" means the Dow Jones UBS Commodity Index and any other 
Commodity Index, in each case which is calculated and sponsored by Dow Jones Inc, or any 
successor to such sponsor; 
"DJ UBSCI Manual" means the manual or handbook in respect of a DJ UBS Commodity Index 
published by the sponsor of the relevant Commodity Index and in effect from time to time; 
"Exchange" means each exchange or principal trading market specified as such in relation to a 
Commodity in the applicable Issue Terms or in the applicable Commodity Reference Price; 
"Futures Contract" means either (a) the contract for future delivery in respect of the relevant 
Delivery Date relating to the relevant Commodity referred to in the relevant Commodity Reference 
Price or (b) each futures contract underlying or included in a Commodity Index; 
"Hedge Positions" means any purchase, sale, entry into or maintenance of one or more (i) 
positions or contracts in securities, commodities, options, futures, derivatives or foreign exchange, 
(ii) stock loan transactions or (iii) other instruments or arrangements (howsoever described) by a 
party in order to hedge, individually or on a portfolio basis, the Securities; 
"Hedging Disruption" means that the Issuer is unable, after using commercially reasonable 
efforts, to (A) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any 
transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the risk of entering into and performing its 
obligations under the Securities, or (B) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such 
transactions or asset(s); 
"Inconvertibility Specified Currency" means the currency specified as such in the applicable 
Issue Terms; 
"Increased Cost of Hedging" means that the Issuer would incur a materially increased (as 
compared with circumstances existing on the Trade Date) amount of tax, duty, expense or fee 
(other than brokerage commissions) to (A) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, 
unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the risk of entering 
into and performing its obligations with respect to the Securities or (B) realise, recover or remit 
the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s) provided that any such materially increased 
amount that is incurred solely due to the deterioration of the creditworthiness of the Issuer shall 
not be deemed an Increased Cost of Hedging; 
"Index Methodology" means the manual or handbook in respect of a Commodity Index published 
by the sponsor of the relevant Commodity Index and in effect from time to time; 
"Price Source" means the publication (or such other origin of reference, including an Exchange) 
containing (or reporting) the Commodity Specified Price (or prices from which the Commodity 
Specified Price is calculated) specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"Pricing Date" means, subject as provided in this Condition 10 (Provisions relating to 
Commodity-Linked Securities), any Interest Determination Date, Determination Date, Barrier 
Observation Date, Final Redemption Barrier Observation Date, each Commodity Business Day in 
any Barrier Observation Period, Value Observation Date and each date specified as such (or 
determined pursuant to a method specified for such purpose) in the applicable Issue Terms, 
provided that if any such date is not a Commodity Business Day, the following Commodity 
Business Day; 
"Reference Dealers" means four leading dealers in the relevant Commodities market selected by 
the Determination Agent; 
"Relevant Commodity Benchmark" means: 
(a) 
the Commodity Reference Price (or, if applicable, the index, benchmark or other price 
source that is referred to in the Commodity Reference Price); 
(b) 
the Commodity Index; and  
(c) 
any other index, benchmark or price source specified as such in the applicable Terms.

--- Page 230 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
Part 1: General Terms and Conditions 
 
 
230 
 
To the extent that a Fallback Reference Price is used, such Fallback Reference Price shall be a 
"Relevant Benchmark" from the day on which it is used. 
"Relevant Currency" means the currency specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, and, if 
none is so specified (i) if the Relevant Underlying is or comprises a Commodity Index, a Currency 
in which any of the securities which comprise any relevant Commodity Index is denominated, or 
(ii) in all other cases, the currency in which the Relevant Underlying (or any Basket Component) 
is denominated; 
"Relevant Jurisdiction" means the jurisdiction(s) specified as such in the Issue Terms; 
"Relevant Underlying Value" has the meaning given to it in Section 4 (Value Determination 
Terms) of the Additional Terms and Conditions; 
"S&P Commodity Index" means the S&P GSCI Commodity Index and any other Commodity 
Index, in each case which is calculated and sponsored by Standard & Poor's, or any successor to 
such sponsor; 
"Specified Maximum Days of Disruption" means three (3) Commodity Business Days or any 
other number of Specified Maximum Days of Disruption specified as such in the relevant Issue 
Terms; and 
"Trading Day" means a day when the exchanges for all Components included in the relevant 
Commodity Index are scheduled to be open for trading. 
11. 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO CURRENCY-LINKED SECURITIES 
This Condition 11 (Provisions relating to Currency-Linked Securities) is applicable only in 
relation to Securities specified in the relevant Issue Terms as being Currency-Linked Securities. 
 
Valuation Date, Interest Determination Date, Observation Date, Determination Date  
In these General Conditions: 
(a) 
"Valuation Date" means, in respect of any Series of Currency-Linked Securities, the date(s) 
specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, and each Observation Date, Determination Date 
or Interest Determination Date, if applicable provided that where any such date is not a Currency 
Business Day then the Valuation Date shall be the first preceding day that is a Currency Business 
Day; 
(b) 
"Interest Determination Date" means, in respect of any Series of Currency-Linked Securities, 
the date(s) specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, or, if no such date is specified, subject 
to Condition 11.2 (Averaging), the Interest Determination Date will be the date falling two 
Currency Business Days prior to the Interest Payment Date provided that where any such date is 
not a Currency Business Day then the Interest Determination Date shall be the first preceding day 
that is a Currency Business Day; 
(c) 
"Observation Date" means, in respect of any Series of Currency-Linked Securities, the date(s) 
specified as such, provided that where any such date is not a Currency Business Day then the 
Observation Date shall be the first preceding day that is a Currency Business Day; 
(d) 
"Determination Date" means, in respect of any Series of Currency-Linked Securities, the date(s) 
specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, or, if no such date is specified, subject to Condition 
11.2 (Averaging), the Determination Date will be the date falling two Currency Business Days 
prior to the Maturity Date provided that where any such date is not a Currency Business Day then 
the Determination Date shall be the first preceding day that is a Currency Business Day; 
(e) 
"Relevant Date" means each Valuation Date, Interest Determination Date and Observation Date; 
and 
(f) 
"Relevant Underlying Value" has the meaning given to it in the applicable provisions of Section 
4 (Value Determination Terms) of the Additional Terms and Conditions. 
 
Averaging

--- Page 231 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
Part 1: General Terms and Conditions 
 
 
231 
 
If Averaging Dates are specified in the relevant Issue Terms with respect to a Relevant Date, then 
notwithstanding any other provisions of the Conditions, the following provisions will apply to the 
determination of the Relevant Underlying Value in relation to a Relevant Date: 
(a) 
"Averaging Date" means, in respect of a Relevant Date, each date specified as such or otherwise 
determined as provided in the applicable Issue Terms, provided that if any such date is not a 
Currency Business Day, such date shall be the first preceding day that is a Currency Business Day. 
(b) 
For purposes of determining the Relevant Underlying Value in relation to a Relevant Date, the 
Relevant Underlying Value will be determined in accordance with the applicable provisions of 
Section 4 (Value Determination Terms) of the Additional Terms and Conditions on each 
Averaging Date (or, if different, the day on which rates for each Averaging Date would, in the 
ordinary course, be published or announced by the relevant price source). 
(c) 
In the case where the Determination Agent determines that it is impossible to obtain the Relevant 
Underlying Value on an Averaging Date (or, if different, the day on which rates for that Averaging 
Date would, in the ordinary course, be published or announced by the relevant price source), such 
Averaging Date will be deemed not to be a relevant Averaging Date for purposes of determining 
the Relevant Underlying Value.  If through the operation of this Condition 11.2 (Averaging), there 
would not be an Averaging Date with respect to the Relevant Date, the provisions of Conditions 
11.3 (Currency Disruption Events) and 11.4 (Currency Disruption Fallbacks) shall apply for 
purposes of determining the Relevant Underlying Value on the final Averaging Date with respect 
to that Relevant Date as if such Averaging Date were a Valuation Date on which a Price Source 
Disruption had occurred. 
 
Currency Disruption Events 
(a) 
If so specified in the Issue Terms relating to any Series of Securities, the following shall constitute 
"Currency Disruption Events" for the purposes of such Series: 
(i) 
"Price Source Disruption", which means it becomes impossible, as determined by the 
Determination Agent, acting in a commercially reasonable manner, to determine the 
Settlement Rate on the Valuation Date (or, if different, the day on which rates for that 
Valuation Date would, in the ordinary course, be published or announced by the applicable 
price source in accordance with the relevant price source); 
(ii) 
"Additional Price Source Disruption", which means, in relation to the determination of 
the Relevant Underlying Value on any Relevant Date, (A) the relevant exchange rate is not 
displayed on the Reference Source or any successor page for such Relevant Date; (B) such 
Relevant Date is any Unscheduled Holiday; or (C) the Determination Agent determined in 
good faith that the exchange rate so displayed on the Reference Source is manifestly 
incorrect; and 
(iii) 
"Price Materiality Event", which means the Primary Rate differs from the Secondary Rate 
by at least the Price Materiality Percentage. 
(b) 
If the applicable Issue Terms specify that any Currency Disruption Event shall be applicable to 
such Series, then, where the Determination Agent determines, acting in a commercially reasonable 
manner, that such Currency Disruption Event occurs or has occurred and is continuing in respect 
of such Series: 
(i) 
in the case of Price Source Disruption, on the day that is the Relevant Date in respect of 
such Series (or, if different, the day on which rates for that Relevant Date would, in the 
ordinary course, be published or announced by the relevant price source); and 
(ii) 
in the case of any other Currency Disruption Event, on such other Relevant Date in respect 
of which such Currency Disruption Event is specified as applying in the applicable Issue 
Terms, 
then the Relevant Underlying Value for such Series will be determined in accordance with the 
terms of the Currency Disruption Fallback first applicable pursuant to Condition 11.4 (Currency 
Disruption Fallbacks), which shall be subject to Condition 11.3(c) below.

--- Page 232 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
Part 1: General Terms and Conditions 
 
 
232 
 
(c) 
 
(i) 
If the Series of Securities is a single Currency-Linked Security, the provisions of Condition 
11.3(a)  and (b) shall apply. 
(ii) 
If the Series of Securities is a Currency Basket-Linked Security, and the Determination 
Agent determines that a Currency Disruption Event has occurred on any Valuation Date or 
Relevant Date in respect of any Settlement Rate (which for the purposes of this Condition 
11.3 (Currency Disruption Events) and Condition 11.4 (Currency Disruption Fallbacks) 
shall mean the Settlement Rate in respect of each Currency Pair), then: 
(A) 
for each Settlement Rate for which the Determination Agent determines that a Currency 
Disruption Event has not occurred, the Settlement Rate shall be determined in accordance 
with the Conditions; and 
(B) 
for each Settlement Rate for which the Determination Agent determines that a Currency 
Disruption Event has occurred, the Determination Agent shall determine the Settlement 
Rate in accordance with the applicable Currency Disruption Fallback in accordance with 
Condition 11.4 (Currency Disruption Fallbacks) and the applicable Issue Terms. 
 
Currency Disruption Fallbacks 
(a) 
If so specified in the Issue Terms relating to any Series of Securities, the following shall constitute 
"Currency Disruption Fallbacks" for the purposes of such Series, and the applicable Issue Terms 
shall specify which Currency Disruption Fallback(s) shall apply to such Series, to which Currency 
Disruption Event each such Currency Disruption Fallback shall apply and, where more than one 
Currency Disruption Fallback may apply to a Currency Disruption Event, the order in which such 
Currency Disruption Fallback(s) shall apply to such Currency Disruption Event. 
(i) 
"Determination Agent Determination of Settlement Rate" means that the Determination 
Agent will determine, in its reasonable discretion, the Settlement Rate (or a method for 
determining the Settlement Rate), taking into consideration all available information that it 
deems relevant including (but not limited to), in the case of Currency Basket-Linked 
Securities, the relevant rate for each unaffected Currency Pair which was determined on the 
relevant Valuation Date; and 
(ii) 
"Fallback Reference Price" means that the Determination Agent will determine, in its 
reasonable discretion, the Settlement Rate for such Series on the relevant Valuation Date 
(or, if different, the day on which rates for that Valuation Date would, in the ordinary 
course, be published or announced) pursuant to the Settlement Rate Option specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
(b) 
Where more than one Currency Disruption Event occurs or exists or is deemed to occur or exist, 
then, unless the relevant Issue Terms has specified which Currency Disruption Fallback shall apply 
in such circumstances, the Determination Agent shall determine, in its reasonable discretion, 
which Currency Disruption Fallback shall apply. 
 
Administrator/Benchmark Events 
(a) 
If an Administrator/ Benchmark Event and an Administrator/Benchmark Event Date occurs: 
(i) 
the Currency Disruption Fallbacks specified in the applicable Issue Terms to apply with 
respect to Administrator/Benchmark Event will apply, or if none are specified, the Currency 
Disruption Fallbacks specified in the applicable Issue Terms to apply with respect to a Price 
Source Disruption shall be deemed to apply in accordance with Condition 11.4 (Currency 
Disruption Fallbacks) provided that if the Relevant FX Benchmark is not the Settlement 
Rate  then references to the "Settlement Rate" in the applicable Currency Disruption 
Fallbacks and related definitions and provisions of these Conditions shall be deemed to be 
references to the Relevant FX Benchmark;  
(ii) 
if it (i) is or would be unlawful at any time under any applicable law or regulation or (ii) 
would contravene any applicable licensing requirements, for the Issuer or the

--- Page 233 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
Part 1: General Terms and Conditions 
 
 
233 
 
Determination Agent to perform the actions prescribed in an applicable Currency 
Disruption Fallback (or it would be unlawful or would contravene those licensing 
requirements were a determination to be made at such time), the next applicable Currency 
Disruption Fallback will apply; and 
(iii) 
if the Issuer determines that the last applicable Currency Disruption Fallback does not 
provide a Settlement Rate (including due to the applicability of paragraph (ii) above in 
relation to the last applicable Currency Disruption Fallback), then the Issuer shall give not 
less than five Business Days' notice to redeem the Securities and the Issuer's obligations 
under the Securities shall be satisfied in full upon payment in respect of each Security of 
an amount equal to either:  
(A) 
if "Early Redemption Amount (Administrator/Benchmark Event) – Fair Market Value Less 
Costs" is specified in the Issue Terms, the fair market value of such Security, on such day 
as is selected by the Determination Agent in its reasonable discretion (provided that such 
day is not more than 15 days before the date fixed for redemption of the Security),  less the 
proportion attributable to that Security of the reasonable cost to the Issuer and/or any 
Affiliate of, or the loss realised by the Issuer and/or any Affiliate on, unwinding any related 
hedging arrangements, all as calculated by the Determination Agent in its reasonable 
discretion; or  
(B) 
if "Early Redemption Amount (Administrator/Benchmark Event) – Fair Market Value" is 
specified in the Issue Terms, the fair market value of such Security, on such day as is 
selected by the Determination Agent in its reasonable discretion (provided that such day is 
not more than 15 days before the date fixed for redemption of the Security),  as calculated 
by the Determination Agent in its reasonable discretion. 
(b) 
The Determination Agent shall as soon as reasonably practicable under the circumstances notify 
the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent of the occurrence of an Administrator/Benchmark Event Date and 
of any action taken as a consequence. The Fiscal Agent shall provide notice to the Securityholders 
of any the Administrator / Benchmark Event Date and of any action taken as a consequence in 
accordance with Condition 28.6 (Notices), provided that any failure to give such notice shall not 
affect the validity of the foregoing. 
 
Additional Disruption Events 
(a) 
Following the occurrence of an Additional Disruption Event, the Issuer will, in its reasonable 
discretion, determine whether or not the relevant Securities shall continue or be redeemed early. 
(b) 
If the Issuer determines that the relevant Securities shall continue, the Determination Agent may 
make such adjustment as the Determination Agent, in its reasonable discretion, considers 
appropriate, if any, to any variable relevant to the redemption, settlement, or payment terms of the 
relevant Securities and/or any other adjustment which change or adjustment shall be effective on 
such date as the Determination Agent shall determine. The Fiscal Agent shall provide notice to the 
Securityholders of any such adjustment, giving summary details of the adjustment in accordance 
with Condition 28.6 (Notices), provided that any failure to give such notice shall not affect the 
validity of any such adjustment. 
(c) 
If the Issuer determines that the relevant Securities shall be redeemed early, then the Issuer shall 
give not less than five Business Days' notice to redeem the Securities and the Issuer's obligations 
under the Securities shall be satisfied in full upon payment in respect of each Security of an amount 
equal to either:  
(i) 
if "Early Redemption Amount (Additional Disruption Event) – Fair Market 
Value Less Costs" is specified in the Issue Terms, the fair market value of such 
Security, on such day as is selected by the Determination Agent in its reasonable 
discretion (provided that such day is not more than 15 days before the date fixed 
for redemption of the Security),  less the proportion attributable to that Security 
of the reasonable cost to the Issuer and/or any Affiliate of, or the loss realised by 
the Issuer and/or any Affiliate on, unwinding any related hedging arrangements, 
all as calculated by the Determination Agent in its reasonable discretion; or

--- Page 234 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
Part 1: General Terms and Conditions 
 
 
234 
 
(ii) 
if "Early Redemption Amount (Additional Disruption Event) – Fair Market 
Value" is specified in the Issue Terms, the fair market value of such Security, on 
such day as is selected by the Determination Agent in its reasonable discretion 
(provided that such day is not more than 15 days before the date fixed for 
redemption of the Security),  as calculated by the Determination Agent in its 
reasonable discretion. 
(d) 
The Issuer shall as soon as reasonably practicable under the circumstances notify the Fiscal Agent 
and the Determination Agent of the occurrence of an Additional Disruption Event. 
(e) 
For the purposes hereof: 
"Additional Disruption Event" means, with respect to any Series of Currency-Linked Securities, 
Change in Law, Hedging Disruption, and/or Increased Cost of Hedging as are applicable as 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
 
Change to a Relevant FX Benchmark 
If the definition, methodology or formula for a Relevant FX Benchmark, or other means of 
calculating the Relevant FX Benchmark, is changed (irrespective of the materiality of any such 
change or changes), then, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms, references to 
that Relevant FX Benchmark shall be to the Relevant FX Benchmark as changed. 
 
Definitions applicable to Currency-Linked Securities 
In relation to Currency-Linked Securities, the following expressions have the meanings set out 
below: 
"Change in Law" means that, on or after the Trade Date (A) due to the adoption of or any change 
in any applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law), or (B) due to the 
promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority 
with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a 
taxing authority), the Issuer determines that (x) it has become illegal to hold, acquire or dispose of 
Hedge Positions or (y) it will incur a materially increased cost in performing its obligations with 
respect to the Securities (including, without limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, decrease 
in tax benefit or other adverse effect on its tax position); 
"Currency Business Day" means, for the purposes of: 
(i) 
the definition of Valuation Date in Condition 11.1 (Valuation Date, Interest 
Determination Date, Observation Date, Determination Date), in respect of any 
Series of Currency-Linked Securities:  (1) a day on which commercial banks are 
(or but for the occurrence of a Currency Disruption Event, would have been) 
open for business (including dealings in foreign exchange in accordance with the 
market practice of the foreign exchange market) in the Principal Financial 
Centre(s) of the Reference Currency or (2) where the currency to be valued is 
euro, a day that is a TARGET Settlement Day and a Business Day; and 
(ii) 
for any other purpose, in respect of any Series of Currency-Linked Securities:  
(1) a day on which commercial banks are open for general business (including 
dealings in foreign exchange in accordance with the market practice of the 
foreign exchange market) in the Principal Financial Centre(s) of the Reference 
Currency and (2) where one of the Currency Pair is euro, a day that is a TARGET 
Settlement Day; 
"Currency Pair" means the Reference Currency and the Settlement Currency; 
"Currency-Reference Dealers" is a Settlement Rate Option which means that the Spot Rate for 
a Rate Calculation Date will be determined on the basis of quotations provided by Reference 
Dealers on that Rate Calculation Date of that day's Specified Rate, expressed as the amount of 
Reference Currency per one unit of Settlement Currency for settlement on the Maturity Date (or 
other relevant date for payment under the Securities).  The Determination Agent will request each

--- Page 235 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
Part 1: General Terms and Conditions 
 
 
235 
 
of the Reference Dealers to provide a firm quotation of its Specified Rate for a transaction where 
the amount of Reference Currency equals the Specified Amount.  If four quotations are provided, 
the rate for a Rate Calculation Date will be the arithmetic mean of the Specified Rates, without 
regard to the Specified Rates having the highest and lowest value.  If exactly three quotations are 
provided, the rate for a Rate Calculation Date will be the Specified Rate provided by the Reference 
Dealer that remains after disregarding the Specified Rates having the highest and lowest values.  
For this purpose, if more than one quotation has the same highest value or lowest value, then the 
Specified Rate of one of such quotations shall be disregarded.  If exactly two quotations are 
provided, the rate for a Rate Calculation Date will be the arithmetic mean of the Specified Rates.  
If only one quotation is provided, the rate for a Rate Calculation Date will be the Specified Rate 
quoted by that Reference Dealer.  The quotations used to determine the Spot Rate for a Rate 
Calculation Date will be determined in each case at the Specified Time on that Rate Calculation 
Date or, if no such time is specified, the time chosen by the Determination Agent; 
"Hedge Positions" means any purchase, sale, entry into or maintenance of one or more (i) 
positions or contracts in securities, options, futures, derivatives or foreign exchange, (ii) stock loan 
transactions or (iii) other instruments or arrangements (howsoever described) by a party in order 
to hedge, individually or on a portfolio basis, the Securities; 
"Hedging Disruption" means that the Issuer is unable, after using commercially reasonable 
efforts, to (A) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any 
transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the risk of entering into and performing its 
obligations under the Securities, or (B) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such 
transactions or asset(s); 
"Increased Cost of Hedging" means that the Issuer would incur a materially increased (as 
compared with circumstances existing on the Trade Date) amount of tax, duty, expense or fee 
(other than brokerage commissions) to (A) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, 
unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the risk of entering 
into and performing its obligations with respect to the Securities or (B) realise, recover or remit 
the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s) provided that any such materially increased 
amount that is incurred solely due to the deterioration of the creditworthiness of the Issuer shall 
not be deemed an Increased Cost of Hedging; 
"Price Materiality Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms; 
"Primary Rate" means the rate determined using the Settlement Rate Option specified for such 
purpose in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"Rate Calculation Date" means any Valuation Date or Averaging Date (as defined in Conditions 
11.1 (Valuation Date, Interest Determination Date, Observation Date, Determination Date) and 
11.2 (Averaging), respectively); 
"Reference Currency" means the currency or currencies specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms; 
"Reference Currency Jurisdiction" means the jurisdiction specified as such in the applicable 
Issue Terms;  
"Reference Dealers" means the reference dealers specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"Reference Source" means the source (such as a Reuters screen page or Bloomberg page) 
specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"Relevant FX Benchmark" means, in respect of any Securities: 
(i) 
the Settlement Rate; 
(ii) 
the Settlement Rate Option; 
(iii) 
the Primary Rate and the Secondary Rate; and

--- Page 236 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
Part 1: General Terms and Conditions 
 
 
236 
 
(iv) 
any other index, benchmark, rate or price source which is referenced in the 
Securities and which is a measure constituting an index (or combination of 
indices) under any law or regulation applicable to the Securities and identified 
as a "Relevant FX Benchmark" in the applicable Issue Terms. 
To the extent that a Fallback Reference Price is used, it shall be a "Relevant FX Benchmark" 
from the day on which it is used. 
"Secondary Rate" means the rate determined using the Settlement Rate Option specified for such 
purpose in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"Settlement Currency" means the currency specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"Settlement Rate" means the rate as determined by the Determination Agent, in its reasonable 
discretion, in accordance with the applicable Issue Terms and, where applicable shall be 
determined in accordance with Condition 11.2 (Averaging); 
"Settlement Rate Option" means, for the purposes of calculating the Settlement Rate, the 
Settlement Rate Option specified in the applicable Issue Terms (or which is applicable pursuant to 
Condition 11.4 (Currency Disruption Fallbacks)); 
"Specified Amount" means the amount of Reference Currency specified as such in the relevant 
Issue Terms; 
"Specified Rate" means any of the following rates, as specified in the relevant Issue Terms:  (i) 
the Reference Currency bid exchange rate, (ii) the Reference Currency offer exchange rate, (iii) 
the average of the Reference Currency bid and offer exchange rates, (iv) the Settlement  Currency 
bid exchange rate, (v) the Settlement Currency offer exchange rate, (vi) the average of the 
Settlement Currency bid and offer exchange rates, (vii) the official fixing rate or (viii) any other 
exchange rate specified in the relevant Issue Terms.  If no such rate is specified, the Specified Rate 
will be deemed to be the average of the Reference Currency bid and offer rate; 
"Specified Time" means, in respect of any series of Securities and the determination of the Spot 
Rate, the time specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, or if no such time is specified, the 
time chosen by the Determination Agent; 
"Spot Rate" means for any Valuation Date, the relevant currency exchange rate determined in 
accordance with the applicable Settlement Rate Option and, if a Settlement Rate Option is not 
applicable, the currency exchange rate at the time at which such rate is to be determined for foreign 
exchange transactions in the Currency Pair for value on the Maturity Date (or other relevant date 
for payment under the Securities), as determined in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner by the Determination Agent; and 
"Unscheduled Holiday" means that a day is not a Currency Business Day and that the market was 
not aware of such fact (by means of a public announcement or by reference to other publicly 
available information) until a time later than 9:00 a.m. local time in the Principal Financial 
Centre(s) of the Reference Currency two Currency Business Days prior to such day. 
12. 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INFLATION-LINKED SECURITIES 
This Condition 12 (Provisions relating to Inflation-Linked Securities) is applicable only in relation 
to Securities specified in the relevant Issue Terms as being Inflation Linked Securities, Provided 
that Conditions 12.1 to 12.6 are applicable where the Inflation Index is an index other than UDI 
Fixing and Condition 12.7 (UDI Index Events) is applicable only where the Inflation Index is UDI 
Fixing. 
 
Delay of Publication:  If any level of an Inflation Index for a Reference Month which is relevant 
to the calculation of a payment under the Securities (a "Relevant Level") has not been published 
or announced by the day that is five Business Days prior to the next Specified Interest Payment 
Date, Automatic Early Redemption Date or Maturity Date under the Securities or other relevant 
payment date as may be specified in the applicable Issue Terms in relation to the Securities, the 
Determination Agent shall determine a Substitute Inflation Index Level (in place of such Relevant

--- Page 237 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
Part 1: General Terms and Conditions 
 
 
237 
 
Level) in a commercially reasonable manner in its reasonable discretion.  If a Relevant Level is 
published or announced at any time after the day that is five Business Days prior to the next 
Specified Interest Payment Date, Automatic Early Redemption Date, Maturity Date or other 
relevant payment date as may be specified in the applicable Issue Terms, such Relevant Level will 
not be used in any calculations.  The Substitute Inflation Index Level so determined pursuant to 
this Condition 12.1 (Delay of Publication), will be the definitive level for that Reference Month. 
 
Cessation of Publication:  If a level for the Inflation Index has not been published or announced 
for two consecutive months or the Inflation Index Sponsor announces that it will no longer 
continue to publish or announce the Inflation Index then the Determination Agent shall determine 
a Successor Inflation Index (in lieu of any previously applicable Inflation Index) for the purposes 
of the Securities by using the following methodology: 
(a) 
If at any time a Successor Inflation Index has been designated by the index calculation agent 
pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Related Bond, such Successor Inflation Index shall be 
designated a "Successor Inflation Index" for the purposes of all subsequent Specified Interest 
Payment Dates or other relevant payment date as may be specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
in relation to the Securities, notwithstanding that any other Successor Inflation Index may 
previously have been determined under Condition 12.2(b), 12.2(c) or 12.2(d) below; or 
(b) 
If a Successor Inflation Index has not been determined under Condition 12.2(a) above and a notice 
has been given or an announcement has been made by the Inflation Index Sponsor, specifying that 
the Inflation Index will be superseded by a replacement index specified by the Inflation Index 
Sponsor, and the Determination Agent determines that such replacement index is calculated using 
the same or substantially similar formula or method of calculation as used in the calculation of the 
previously applicable Inflation Index, such replacement index shall be the Inflation Index for 
purposes of the Securities from the date that such replacement index comes into effect; or 
(c) 
If a Successor Inflation Index has not been determined under Condition 12.2(a) or 12.2(b) above, 
the Determination Agent shall ask five leading independent dealers to state what the replacement 
Inflation Index for the Inflation Index should be.  If between four and five responses are received, 
and of those four or five responses, three or more leading independent dealers state the same 
Inflation Index, this Inflation Index will be deemed the "Successor Inflation Index".  If three 
responses are received, and two or more leading independent dealers state the same Inflation Index, 
this Inflation Index will be deemed the "Successor Inflation Index".  If fewer than three responses 
are received, the Determination Agent will proceed to Condition 12.2(d) below; or 
(d) 
If no Successor Inflation Index has been determined under Condition 12.2(a), 12.2(b) or 12.2(c) 
above by the fifth Business Day prior to the next Affected Payment Date the Determination Agent 
will determine an appropriate alternative index for such Affected Payment Date, and such index 
will be deemed a "Successor Inflation Index"; or 
(e) 
If the Determination Agent determines that there is no appropriate alternative index, the Issuer 
shall give not less than five Business Days' notice to redeem the Securities and the Issuer's 
obligations under the Securities shall be satisfied in full upon payment in respect of each Security 
of an amount equal to either: 
(i) 
if "Early Redemption Amount (Inflation Index Cessation) – Fair Market Value 
Less Costs" is specified in the Issue Terms, the fair market value of such 
Security, on such day as is selected by the Determination Agent in its reasonable 
discretion (provided that such day is not more than 15 days before the date fixed 
for redemption of the Security),  less the proportion attributable to that Security 
of the reasonable cost to the Issuer and/or any Affiliate of, or the loss realised by 
the Issuer and/or any Affiliate on, unwinding any related hedging arrangements, 
all as calculated by the Determination Agent in its reasonable discretion; or  
(ii) 
if "Early Redemption Amount (Inflation Index Cessation) – Fair Market Value" 
is specified in the Issue Terms, the fair market value of such Security, on such 
day as is selected by the Determination Agent in its reasonable discretion 
(provided that such day is not more than 15 days before the date fixed for

--- Page 238 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
Part 1: General Terms and Conditions 
 
 
238 
 
redemption of the Security),  as calculated by the Determination Agent in its 
reasonable discretion. 
 
Rebasing of the Inflation Index:  If the Determination Agent determines that an Inflation Index 
has been or will be rebased at any time, the Inflation Index as so rebased (the "Rebased Inflation 
Index") will be used for purposes of determining the level of such Inflation Index from the date 
of such rebasing; provided, however, that the Determination Agent shall make such adjustments 
as are made by the calculation agent pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Related Bond, if 
any, to the levels of the Rebased Inflation Index so that the Rebased Inflation Index levels reflect 
the same rate of inflation as the Inflation Index before it was rebased.  If there is no Related Bond, 
the Determination Agent shall make adjustments to the levels of the Rebased Inflation Index so 
that the Rebased Inflation Index levels reflect the same rate of inflation as the Inflation Index 
before it was rebased.  Any such rebasing shall not affect any prior payments made under the 
Securities. 
 
Material Modification Prior to Payment Date:  If, on or prior to the day that is five Business 
Days before an Interest Payment Date, Automatic Early Redemption Date, Maturity Date or other 
relevant payment date in relation to the Securities, an Inflation Index Sponsor announces that it 
will make a material change to an Inflation Index then the Determination Agent shall make any 
such adjustments to the Inflation Index consistent with adjustments made to the Related Bond, or, 
if there is no Related Bond, only those adjustments necessary for the modified Inflation Index to 
continue as the Inflation Index. 
 
Manifest Error in Publication:  If, within thirty days of publication and prior to the redemption 
of the Securities or payments in respect of any relevant Interest Payment Date, Automatic Early 
Redemption Date, Maturity Date or other relevant payment date in relation to the Securities, the 
Determination Agent determines that the Inflation Index Sponsor has corrected the level of the 
Inflation Index to remedy a manifest error in its original publication, the Determination Agent will 
notify the holders of the Securities in accordance with Condition 28 (Notices) of (i) that correction, 
(ii) the adjusted amount that is then payable under the Securities as a result of that correction and 
(iii) take such other action as it may deem necessary to give effect to such correction, provided 
that any amount payable pursuant to sub-paragraph (ii) above shall be paid (with no interest 
accruing thereon) (a) in connection with an Inflation Index Sponsor's correction to remedy a 
manifest error in the level of an Inflation Index for a Reference Month for which such Interest 
Payment Date, Automatic Early Redemption Date, Maturity Date or other relevant payment date 
in relation to the Securities has occurred, within 15 Business Days after notice of such amount 
payable by the Determination Agent, (b) in connection with an Inflation Index Sponsor's correction 
to remedy a manifest error in the level of an Inflation Index for a Reference Month for which such 
Interest Payment Date, Automatic Early Redemption Date, Maturity Date or other relevant 
payment date in relation to the Securities has not occurred, as an adjustment to the payment 
obligation on the next Specified Interest Payment Date or (c) if there is no further Interest Payment 
Date, Automatic Early Redemption Date, Maturity Date or other relevant payment date in relation 
to the Securities, within 15 Business Days after notice of such amount payable by the 
Determination Agent. 
 
Index Level Adjustment Correction:  In relation to any Inflation Index, as specified in the Issue 
Terms, either (i) the first publication or announcement of the level of the Inflation Index 
(disregarding estimates) by the relevant Inflation Index Sponsor for any Reference Month shall be 
final and conclusive and, subject to this Condition 12 (Provisions relating to Inflation-Linked 
Securities), later revisions to the level of the Inflation Index for such Reference Month will not be 
used in any calculations; or (ii) the first publication or announcement of a level of the Inflation 
Index (disregarding estimates) published by the relevant Index Sponsor or, if revised, any 
subsequent revision of such level for a Reference Month shall be final and conclusive for such 
Reference Month, provided that such revisions are published or announced up to and including the 
day that is two Business Days prior to any relevant Interest Payment Date, Maturity Date or any 
other payment in respect of the Securities.  The Issuer shall give notice to holders of Inflation 
Linked Securities of any valid revision in accordance with Condition 28 (Notices) within 15 
Business Days of the publication or announcement of such revision. 
 
UDI Index Events

--- Page 239 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
Part 1: General Terms and Conditions 
 
 
239 
 
Following the occurrence of a UDI Index Event, the level of such Inflation Index shall be as 
determined by the Determination Agent in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner.   
 
Additional Disruption Events 
(a) 
Following the occurrence of an Additional Disruption Event, the Issuer will, in its reasonable 
discretion, determine whether or not the relevant Securities shall continue or be redeemed early. 
(b) 
If the Issuer determines that the relevant Securities shall continue, the Determination Agent may 
make such adjustment as the Determination Agent, in its reasonable discretion, considers 
appropriate, if any, to any variable relevant to the interest, redemption, settlement, or payment 
terms of the relevant Securities and/or any other adjustment which change or adjustment shall be 
effective on such date as the Determination Agent shall determine. The Fiscal Agent shall provide 
notice to the Securityholders of any such adjustment in accordance with Condition 28.6 (Notices), 
giving summary details of the adjustment, provided that any failure to give such notice shall not 
affect the validity of any such adjustment. 
(c) 
If the Issuer determines that the relevant Securities shall be redeemed early, then the Issuer shall 
give not less than five Business Days' notice to redeem the Securities and the Issuer's obligations 
under the Securities shall be satisfied in full upon payment in respect of each Security of an amount 
equal to either: 
(i) 
if "Early Redemption Amount (Additional Disruption Event) – Fair Market 
Value Less Costs" is specified in the Issue Terms, the fair market value of such 
Security, on such day as is selected by the Determination Agent in its reasonable 
discretion (provided that such day is not more than 15 days before the date fixed 
for redemption of the Security),  less the proportion attributable to that Security 
of the reasonable cost to the Issuer and/or any Affiliate of, or the loss realised by 
the Issuer and/or any Affiliate on, unwinding any related hedging arrangements, 
all as calculated by the Determination Agent in its reasonable discretion; or  
(ii) 
if "Early Redemption Amount (Additional Disruption Event) – Fair Market 
Value" is specified in the Issue Terms, the fair market value of such Security, on 
such day as is selected by the Determination Agent in its reasonable discretion 
(provided that such day is not more than 15 days before the date fixed for 
redemption of the Security),  as calculated by the Determination Agent in its 
reasonable discretion;  
(iii) 
if "Early Redemption Amount (Additional Disruption Event) – MXN Denominated UDI 
Linked Redemption" is specified in the Issue Terms, an amount per Calculation Amount 
determined by the Determination Agent in accordance with the following formula 
(provided that if the value determined by the Determination Agent in accordance with 
such formula is a negative number, zero): 
Calculation Amount ×[Specified Rate + (Participation Rate × (UDIFinal
UDIInitial
 -1))] 
and further provided that if the applicable Issue Terms specify: 
(a) 
a Redemption Cap, the amount calculated in accordance with the above formula 
shall not exceed the Redemption Cap; 
(b) 
a Redemption Floor, the amount calculated in accordance with the above formula 
shall not be less than the Redemption Floor; or 
(c) 
a Redemption Cap and a Redemption Floor, the amount calculated in accordance 
with the above formula shall not exceed the Redemption Cap and shall not be less 
than the Redemption Floor, 
on such day as is selected by the Determination Agent in its reasonable discretion 
(provided that such day is not more than 15 days before the date fixed for redemption of 
the Security); or

--- Page 240 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
Part 1: General Terms and Conditions 
 
 
240 
 
  (iv) 
if "Early Redemption Amount (Additional Disruption Event) – UDI Final Linked 
Redemption" is specified in the Issue Terms, an amount per Calculation Amount 
determined by the Determination Agent in accordance with the following formula (provided 
that if the value determined by the Determination Agent in accordance with such formula 
is a negative number, zero): 
 
Calculation Amount × Specified Rate × UDIFinal  
and further provided that if the applicable Issue Terms specify: 
(a) 
a Redemption Cap, the amount calculated in accordance with the above formula 
shall not exceed the Redemption Cap; 
(b) 
a Redemption Floor, the amount calculated in accordance with the above formula 
shall not be less than the Redemption Floor; or 
(c) 
a Redemption Cap and a Redemption Floor, the amount calculated in accordance 
with the above formula shall not exceed the Redemption Cap and shall not be less 
than the Redemption Floor, 
 
on such day as is selected by the Determination Agent in its reasonable discretion (provided 
that such day is not more than 15 days before the date fixed for redemption of the Security). 
(d) 
The Issuer shall as soon as reasonably practicable under the circumstances notify the Fiscal Agent 
and the Determination Agent of the occurrence of an Additional Disruption Event. 
 
Definitions Applicable to Inflation-Linked Securities 
In relation to Inflation Linked Securities, the following expressions have the meanings set out 
below: 
"Additional Disruption Event" means, with respect to any Series of Inflation-Linked Securities, 
such of Change in Law, Hedging Disruption and/or Increased Cost of Hedging as are applicable 
as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Affected Payment Date" means each Interest Payment Date, Automatic Early Redemption Date, 
Maturity Date or other relevant payment date as may be specified in the applicable Issue Terms in 
relation to the Securities in respect of which an Inflation Index has not been published or 
announced; 
"Change in Law" means that, on or after the Trade Date (A) due to the adoption of or any change 
in any applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law), or (B) due to the 
promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority 
with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a 
taxing authority), the Issuer determines that (x) it has become illegal to hold, acquire or dispose of 
Hedge Positions or (y) it will incur a materially increased cost in performing its obligations with 
respect to the Securities (including, without limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, decrease 
in tax benefit or other adverse effect on its tax position); 
"Fallback Bond" means an inflation linked bond selected by the Determination Agent and issued 
by the government of a country to whose level of inflation the Inflation Index relates and which 
pays a coupon or redemption amount which is calculated by reference to the Inflation Index, with 
a maturity date which falls on (a) the same date as the Maturity Date, or (b) if no such bond as 
described in (a) can be determined, the next longest maturity after the Maturity Date, or (c) if no 
such bond as described in either (a) or (b) can be determined, the next shortest maturity before the 
Maturity Date. If the Inflation Index relates to the level of inflation across the European Monetary 
Union, the Determination Agent will select an inflation-linked bond that is a debt obligation of 
one of the governments (but not any government agency) of France, Italy, Germany or Spain and 
which pays a coupon or redemption amount which is calculated by reference to the level of 
inflation in the European Monetary Union.  In each case, the Determination Agent will select the 
Fallback Bond from those inflation-linked bonds issued on or before the Settlement Date and, if 
there is more than one inflation-linked bond maturing on the same date, the Fallback Bond shall

--- Page 241 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
Part 1: General Terms and Conditions 
 
 
241 
 
be selected by the Determination Agent from those bonds.  If the Fallback Bond redeems the 
Determination Agent will select a new Fallback Bond on the same basis, but selected from all 
eligible bonds in issue at the time the original Fallback Bond redeems (including any bond for 
which the redeemed bond is exchanged); 
"Hedge Positions" means any purchase, sale, entry into or maintenance of one or more (i) 
positions or contracts in securities, options, futures, derivatives or foreign exchange, (ii) stock loan 
transactions or (iii) other instruments or arrangements (howsoever described) by a party in order 
to hedge, individually or on a portfolio basis, the Securities; 
"Hedging Disruption" means that the Issuer is unable, after using commercially reasonable 
efforts, to (A) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any 
transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the risk of entering into and performing its 
obligations under the Securities, or (B) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such 
transactions or asset(s); 
"Increased Cost of Hedging" means that the Issuer would incur a materially increased (as 
compared with circumstances existing on the Trade Date) amount of tax, duty, expense or fee 
(other than brokerage commissions) to (A) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, 
unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the risk of entering 
into and performing its obligations with respect to the Securities or (B) realise, recover or remit 
the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s) provided that any such materially increased 
amount that is incurred solely due to the deterioration of the creditworthiness of the Issuer shall 
not be deemed an Increased Cost of Hedging; 
"Inflation Index" means any index specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"Inflation Index Sponsor" means, in respect of an Inflation Index, the entity specified as such in 
the relevant Issue Terms or, if no entity is specified, the entity that publishes or announces (directly 
or through an agent) the level of the relevant Inflation Index; 
"Reference Month" means the calendar month for which the level of the relevant Inflation Index 
was reported, regardless of when this information is published or announced and, where such 
Reference Month is relevant to determine the Relevant Underlying Value (as defined in Section 4 
(Value Determination Terms) of the Additional Terms and Conditions) on any Interest 
Determination Date or, as defined in such provisions of the Additional Terms and Conditions as 
are specified as being applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, a Barrier Observation Date, 
Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date or Determination Date, means the Reference Month 
specified in respect of each such date, or any other month specified or defined as such in the 
Additional Terms and Conditions.  If the period for which the Inflation Index level was reported 
is a period other than a month, the Reference Month will be the period for which the Inflation 
Index level was reported; 
"Related Bond" means the bond specified in the applicable Issue Terms, or if no bond is so 
specified, the Fallback Bond.  If the Related Bond is "Fallback Bond", then for any Related Bond 
determination under the Conditions, the Determination Agent shall use the Fallback Bond (as that 
term is defined in this Condition 12.9 (Definitions Applicable to Inflation-Linked Securities)).  If 
no bond is specified in the applicable Issue Terms as the Related Bond and "Fallback Bond:  Not 
applicable" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms there will be no Related Bond.  If a bond is 
selected as the Related Bond in the applicable Issue Terms, and that bond redeems or matures 
before the relevant Maturity Date, unless "Fallback Bond:  Not applicable" is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the Determination Agent shall use the Fallback Bond for any Related Bond 
determination; 
"Substitute Inflation Index Level" means an Inflation Index level, determined by the 
Determination Agent pursuant to the provisions of Condition 12.1 (Delay of Publication), in 
respect of an Affected Payment Date; and 
"Successor Inflation Index" has the meaning specified in Condition 12.2 (Cessation of 
Publication). 
“UDI Index Event” means, with respect to any Series of Inflation-Linked Securities, the 
occurrence of one or more of the following events: (a) the Inflation Index is not calculated and/or 
published in a timely manner by the Central Bank of the United Mexican States (Banco de México) 
(the “Central Bank”); or (b) the Central Bank ceases to publish the Inflation Index or publishes a

--- Page 242 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
Part 1: General Terms and Conditions 
 
 
242 
 
successor unit of value; or (c) the Central Bank makes a material change in the method of 
calculating the Inflation Index; or (d) the Central Bank in any way materially modifies or restates 
previously published rates of the Inflation Index; or (e) the United Mexican States (“Mexico”), or 
any of its agencies, instrumentalities or entities (including, without limitation, the Central Bank) 
by means of any law, regulation, ruling, directive or interpretation, whether or not having the force 
of law, takes any action which legally or de facto prevents or has the effect of restricting or limiting 
the calculation or publication of the Inflation Index or any of the values used to determine the 
Inflation Index; or (f) Mexico continues to publish the Inflation Index but applies an alternate 
index to a substantial portion of its local debt; or (g) the Inflation Index is otherwise not available. 
13. 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO FUND-LINKED SECURITIES 
This Condition 13 (Provisions Relating to Fund-Linked Securities) shall apply only to Securities 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms as being Single Fund Securities or Fund Basket Securities. 
 
Market Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging Dates 
(a) 
If a Reference Date is not a Fund Business Day, the relevant Reference Date shall be the next 
succeeding Fund Business Day or, if either "Common Fund Business Days and Common 
Disrupted Days" or "Common Fund Business Days and Individual Disrupted Days" is specified to 
be applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the next succeeding Common Fund Business Day. 
(b) 
The Determination Agent shall as soon as reasonably practicable under the circumstances notify 
the Issuer of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day on any day that, but for the occurrence or 
continuance of a Disrupted Day, would have been a Reference Date. 
(c) 
If any Reference Date is a Disrupted Day, then: 
(i) 
in the case of Single Fund Securities, the relevant Reference Date shall be the 
next succeeding Fund Business Day that is not in the determination of the 
Determination Agent a Disrupted Day, unless no Fund Business Day that is not 
a Disrupted Day has occurred prior to the last Fund Business Day of one Cut-off 
Period following the Scheduled Reference Date.  In that case, (i) the last Fund 
Business Day of such Cut-off Period shall be deemed to be the Reference Date, 
notwithstanding the fact that such Fund Business Day is a Disrupted Day, and 
(ii) the Determination Agent shall determine its estimate of the value for the 
Fund Interest as of the Valuation Time on that deemed Reference Date, acting 
in good faith and a commercially reasonable manner; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Fund Basket Securities: 
(A) 
where "Individual Fund Business Days and Individual Disrupted Days" is specified to be 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, if the Determination Agent determines that any 
Scheduled Reference Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of any Basket Component, then: 
(aa) 
the Reference Date for each Basket Component in respect of which the 
Scheduled Reference Date is not a Disrupted Day shall be the Scheduled 
Reference Date for such Basket Component; and 
(bb) 
the Reference Date for any Basket Component in respect of which the 
Scheduled Reference Date is a Disrupted Day (each an "Affected Basket 
Component") shall be the first Fund Business Day following the relevant 
Scheduled Reference Date that is not a Disrupted Day in respect of such 
Affected Basket Component, unless no Fund Business Day that is not a 
Disrupted Day has occurred prior to the last Fund Business Day of one Cut-
off Period following the Scheduled Reference Date.  In that case, (i) the last 
Fund Business Day of such Cut-off Period shall be deemed to be the 
Reference Date, notwithstanding the fact that such Fund Business Day is a 
Disrupted Day, and (ii) the Determination Agent shall determine its estimate 
of the value for that Affected Basket Component as of the Valuation Time 
on that deemed Reference Date, acting in good faith and a commercially 
reasonable manner;

--- Page 243 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
Part 1: General Terms and Conditions 
 
 
243 
 
(B) 
where "Common Fund Business Days and Common Disrupted Days" is specified to be 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, then if the Determination Agent determines that any 
Scheduled Reference Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of any Basket Component, the 
Reference Date for each such Basket Component shall be the first Common Fund Business 
Day following the relevant Scheduled Reference Date that is not a Disrupted Day in respect 
of any Basket Component, unless no Common Fund Business Day that is not a Disrupted 
Day has occurred prior to the last Fund Business Day of one Cut-off Period following the 
Scheduled Reference Date.  In that case, (i) the last Fund Business Day of such Cut-off 
Period shall be deemed to be the Reference Date, notwithstanding the fact that such Fund 
Business Day is a Disrupted Day, and (ii) the Determination Agent shall determine its 
estimate of the value for each Basket Component as of the Valuation Time on that deemed 
Reference Date, acting in good faith and a commercially reasonable manner; 
(C) 
where "Common Fund Business Days and Individual Disrupted Days" is specified to be 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, if the Determination Agent determines that any 
Scheduled Reference Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of any Basket Component, then: 
(aa) 
the Reference Date for each Basket Component in respect of which the 
Scheduled Reference Date is not a Disrupted Day shall be the Scheduled 
Reference Date for such Basket Component; and 
(bb) 
the Reference Date for each Basket Component in respect of which the 
Scheduled Reference Date is a Disrupted Day (each an "Affected Basket 
Component") shall be the first Fund Business Day following the relevant 
Scheduled Reference Date that is not a Disrupted Day in respect of such 
Affected Basket Component, unless no Fund Business Day for such Basket 
Component that is not a Disrupted Day has occurred prior to the last Fund 
Business Day of one Cut-off Period following the Scheduled Reference Date.  
In that case, (i) the last Fund Business Day of such Cut-off Period shall be 
deemed to be the Reference Date, notwithstanding the fact that such Fund 
Business Day is a Disrupted Day, and (ii) the Determination Agent shall 
determine its estimate of the value for that Affected Basket Component as of 
the Valuation Time on that deemed Reference Date, acting in good faith and 
a commercially reasonable manner; 
(d) 
If Averaging Dates are specified in the applicable Issue Terms with respect to a Reference Date 
then, notwithstanding any other provisions of the Conditions, the following provisions will apply 
to the valuation of the relevant Fund Interest or Basket of Fund Interests in relation to the relevant 
Reference Date: 
(i) 
If, in respect of Single Fund Securities, any Averaging Date in respect of a 
Reference Date is a Disrupted Day, then the Averaging Date shall be the first 
succeeding Valid Date.  If the first succeeding Valid Date has not occurred prior 
to the Cut-off Period following the original date that, but for the occurrence of 
another Averaging Date or Disrupted Day, would have been the final Averaging 
Date in respect of the relevant Scheduled Reference Date, then (1) the last day 
of such Cut-off Period shall be deemed the Averaging Date (irrespective of 
whether such day is already an Averaging Date), and (2) the Determination 
Agent shall determine its estimate of the value for the Fund Interest as of the 
Valuation Time on that deemed Averaging Date, acting in good faith and a 
commercially reasonable manner; and  
(ii) 
If, in the case of Fund Basket Securities, a Scheduled Averaging Date in respect 
of a Reference Date is determined by the Determination Agent to be a Disrupted 
Day in respect of any Basket Component, then:  
(A) 
where "Individual Fund Business Days and Individual Disrupted Days" is specified to be 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms:

--- Page 244 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
Part 1: General Terms and Conditions 
 
 
244 
 
(1) 
the Averaging Date for each Basket Component in respect of which the 
Scheduled Averaging Date is not a Disrupted Day shall be the Scheduled 
Averaging Date; and  
(2) 
the Averaging Date for each Basket Component in respect of which the 
Scheduled Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day (each such Basket 
Component, an "Affected Basket Component") shall be the first succeeding 
Valid Date in relation to such Affected Basket Component.  If the first 
succeeding Valid Date has not occurred prior to the Cut-off Period following 
the original date that, but for the occurrence of another Averaging Date or 
Disrupted Day, would have been the final Averaging Date in respect of the 
relevant Scheduled Reference Date, then (1) the last day of such Cut-off 
Period shall be deemed the Averaging Date (irrespective of whether such day 
is already an Averaging Date notwithstanding the fact that such day may not 
be a Valid Date), and (2) the Determination Agent shall determine its 
estimate of the value for that Affected Basket Component as of the Valuation 
Time on that deemed Averaging Date, acting in good faith and a 
commercially reasonable manner; 
(B) 
where "Common Fund Business Days and Common Disrupted Days" is specified to be 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, then the Averaging Date for each Basket Component 
shall be the first succeeding Common Valid Date. If the first succeeding Common Valid 
Date has not occurred prior to one Cut-off Period following the original date that, but for 
the occurrence of another Averaging Date or Disrupted Day, would have been the final 
Averaging Date in respect of the relevant Scheduled Reference Date, then (1) the last day 
of such Cut-off Period shall be deemed the Averaging Date (irrespective of whether such 
day is already an Averaging Date and notwithstanding the fact that such day may not be a 
Common Valid Date), and (2) the Determination Agent shall determine its estimate of the 
value for each Basket Component as of the Valuation Time on that deemed Averaging Date, 
acting in good faith and a commercially reasonable manner; 
(C) 
where "Common Fund Business Days and Individual Disrupted Days" is specified to be 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms: 
(1) 
the Averaging Date for each Basket Component in respect of which the 
Scheduled Averaging Date is not a Disrupted Day shall be the Scheduled 
Averaging Date; and  
(2) 
the Averaging Date for each Basket Component in respect of which the 
Scheduled Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day (each such Basket 
Component, an "Affected Basket Component") shall be the first succeeding 
Valid Date in relation to such Affected Basket Component.  If the first 
succeeding Valid Date has not occurred prior to the Cut-off Period following 
the original date that, but for the occurrence of another Averaging Date or 
Disrupted Day, would have been the final Averaging Date in respect of the 
relevant Scheduled Reference Date, then (1) the last day of such Cut-off 
Period shall be deemed the Averaging Date (irrespective of whether such day 
is already an Averaging Date and notwithstanding the fact that such day may 
not be a Valid Date), and (2) the Determination Agent shall determine its 
estimate of the value for that Affected Basket Component as of the Valuation 
Time on that deemed Averaging Date, acting in good faith and a 
commercially reasonable manner; 
 
Potential Adjustment Events 
Following the declaration by any Fund or Fund Service Provider of the terms of any Potential 
Adjustment Event, the Determination Agent will determine whether such Potential Adjustment 
Event has a diluting or concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the relevant Fund Interest 
or amount of Fund Interest and, if so, will (i) make the corresponding adjustment(s), if any, to any 
one or more of the Redemption Amount and/or any such other amounts payable under the 
Securities, the Reference Price and, in any case, any other variable relevant to the calculation,

--- Page 245 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
Part 1: General Terms and Conditions 
 
 
245 
 
valuation, payment or other terms of Securities as the Determination Agent determines appropriate 
to account for that diluting or concentrative effect (provided that no adjustments will be made to 
account solely for changes in volatility, expected dividends or liquidity relative to the relevant 
Fund Interest) and (ii) determine the effective date(s) of the adjustment(s). 
 
Corrections  
Unless occurring after the day falling three Business Days prior to a due date for any payment or 
delivery under the Securities calculated by reference to the value of, or proceeds received from, 
any Fund Interest, if the Determination Agent determines that a Fund or a Fund Administrator 
adjusts any relevant value of the Fund Interest, including the Reference Price or the Redemption 
Proceeds that would have been paid to a Hypothetical Investor redeeming the relevant number of 
Fund Interests that are subject to valuation used for determining amounts and/or assets due under 
the Securities, then the Determination Agent shall make such adjustments to the terms of the 
Securities as it determines necessary and practicable to reflect that the relevant value of the Fund 
Interest to be used shall be the value of, or proceeds received from, the relevant Fund Interest as 
so adjusted. 
 
Fund Events 
(a) 
If at any time the Determination Agent determines that a Fund Event has occurred and/or is 
continuing then the Determination Agent shall provide written notice thereof to the Issuer (a 
"Fund Event Notice").  The Determination Agent shall not have any obligation to monitor the 
occurrence of a Fund Event nor shall it have any obligation to make a determination that a 
Fund Event has occurred or is continuing. 
(b) 
The Issuer will, in its reasonable discretion, determine: 
(i) 
where Fund Event Unscheduled Redemption is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms, whether the relevant Securities shall be redeemed other 
than on the Scheduled Maturity Date. If the Issuer determines that the relevant 
Securities shall be so redeemed, then the Issuer shall redeem each Security at an 
amount equal to the Early Redemption Amount on such date as the Issuer may 
notify to Securityholders in accordance with Condition 28 (Notices), provided 
that not less than five Business Days' notice of such date, other than the 
Scheduled Maturity Date, is given to Securityholders: 
(ii) 
whether to substitute any Affected Fund Interest with the Successor 
Fund Interest relating to such Affected Fund Interest; and/or 
(iii) 
whether to make such adjustment to account for such Fund Event as it considers 
appropriate which may include, without limitation:  
(A) 
making an adjustment to the calculation of the Redemption Amount and/or any such other 
amounts due under the Securities (which may include calculating a valuation (which may 
be zero) for the Affected Fund Interest and/or adjusting the weighting of the Affected Fund 
Interest in a Basket of Funds and/or deferring any relevant Determination Date until the 
circumstances giving rise to the relevant Fund Event are no longer continuing), all in the 
determination of the Determination Agent, acting in good faith and a commercially 
reasonable manner, and/or 
(B) 
adjustments to any amount due in respect of the Securities to reflect (I) the Removal Value 
of the Affected Fund Interest instead of the Reference Price of the Affected Fund Interest 
and (II) an amount determined by the Determination Agent in respect of interest 
(compounded on a daily basis) of the Removal Value of such Affected Fund Interest accrued 
at an overnight rate relating to the Specified Currency selected by the Determination Agent 
during the period from (and including) the date on which the replacement of the Affected 
Fund Interest is effective to (but excluding) the Maturity Date. 
Where it is required to determine a valuation of the Affected Fund Interest for the purposes 
of this Condition 13.4(b) (Fund Events) other than by reference to the Reference Price, the 
Determination Agent shall determine the mechanics for calculating such valuation of the

--- Page 246 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
Part 1: General Terms and Conditions 
 
 
246 
 
Affected Fund Interest (which valuation may be zero) by reference to such sources as it 
considers appropriate including, but not limited to, by reference to the value it may obtain 
from a third party on arms' length terms for the transfer to it of any hedging arrangements 
relating to the Securities in so far as they relate to such Affected Fund Interest. Any 
payments under the Securities determined by reference to the value of the Affected Fund 
Interest shall be suspended until payment of the Early Redemption Amount or, as the case 
may be, determination of the valuation of the Affected Fund Interest. The date of payment 
of the Early Redemption Amount (or the proportion thereof relating to the valuation of the 
Affected Fund Interest), or other relevant amount determined by reference to the Affected 
Fund Interest may fall on such commercially reasonable date after the Scheduled Maturity 
Date as the Determination Agent considers necessary or appropriate to enable it to 
determine the relevant valuation subject to any Final Cut-off Date and provided that, if the 
Determination Agent is not able to determine such a value by reference to a Reference Price 
for an applicable deferred Determination Date or for such a transfer of any hedging 
arrangements to a third party by the Scheduled Maturity Date or, if later, any Final Cut-off 
Date, it may deem the valuation to be zero. 
The Fiscal Agent shall provide notice to the Securityholders of any such adjustment in 
accordance with Condition 28.6 (Notices), giving summary details of the adjustment, 
provided that any failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of any such 
adjustment. 
(iv) 
For the purposes of this Condition 13.4(b)(iv): 
"Successor Fund Interest" means, in respect of any Affected Fund Interest one or more 
funds that, in the determination of the Determination Agent: 
(1) 
have a geographical and/or underlying reference asset strategy which, in the 
opinion of the Determination Agent, correlates with that of the Affected Fund 
Interest (taken together, in the case of a substitution of the Affected Fund 
Interest, with more than one funds);  
(2) 
permit investors to subscribe for, sell to, or redeem the relevant shares, units 
or interests (howsoever expressed) therein on each fund business day at a 
value equal to the net asset value (howsoever described in the relevant fund 
documents) for such day by giving no more than two Fund Business Days' 
notice and without the imposition of any subscription, sale, transfer or 
redemption fees, taxes or other charges (howsoever described) by such fund 
in respect of such subscription, sale or redemption, provided any such 
investor gives notice in accordance with the relevant procedures prescribed 
by the fund; 
(3) 
have an equivalent liquidity profile to the Affected Fund Interest and have a 
Fund Reporting Date falling no later than close of business on the second 
Fund Business Day immediately following the relevant Fund Valuation Date;  
(4) 
have a similar fee structure (including as to any rebate) to the Affected Fund 
Interest; and  
(5) 
have an aggregate net asset value of at least 100,000,000 U.S. Dollars (or its 
equivalent in the Fund Interest Currency) or such other amount as specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms as the Successor Fund Interest Minimum 
Aggregate NAV (or its equivalent in the Fund Interest Currency).  
(v) 
The Affected Fund Interest shall be replaced by a number of units of the 
Successor Fund Interest with a combined value (as determined by the 
Determination Agent) equal to the relevant Removal Value of the applicable 
number of units of the Affected Fund Interest.  Such replacement shall be 
effected, from time to time whenever the Removal Value changes, on the date, 
as determined by the Determination Agent, on which the Fund issuing the 
Successor Fund Interest would admit a Hypothetical Investor who, on the 
Fund Business Day next following the date on which any Removal Value not

--- Page 247 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
Part 1: General Terms and Conditions 
 
 
247 
 
previously applied toward any Successor Fund Interest would be received by 
such Hypothetical Investor redeeming out of the relevant amount of Affected 
Fund Interest, had submitted a valid order to purchase such amount of the 
Successor Fund Interest. 
(vi) 
If necessary, the Determination Agent will adjust any relevant terms, including, 
but not limited to adjustments to account for changes in the Fund Interest 
Currency, the Frequency of Fund Interest Valuations, volatility, investment 
strategy or liquidity relevant to such Fund Interests or the Securities. 
 
Notice of Fund Event  
Notice of the consequences of a Fund Event shall be given to the Securityholders in accordance 
with Condition 28 (Notices). Such notice shall (i) identify the Affected Fund Interest (if applicable) 
and the relevant Fund Event and contain a summary of the facts constituting such event, (ii) if 
applicable, identify the Successor Fund Interest and specify the effective date of such substitution, 
(iii) if applicable, specify adjustments made or expected to be made by the Determination Agent 
and (iv) if applicable, specify the date on which the Securities are to be redeemed. 
 
Definitions applicable to Fund-Linked Securities 
In relation to Fund-Linked Securities, the following expressions shall have the meanings set out 
below: 
"Affected Fund Interest" means, at any time, any Fund Interest in respect of which the 
Determination Agent has determined that a Fund Event has occurred; 
"Affiliate" means, in relation to any person, any entity controlled, directly or indirectly, by the 
person, any entity that controls, directly or indirectly, the person or any entity directly or indirectly 
under common control with the person (for such purposes, "control" of any entity or person means 
ownership of a majority of the voting power of the entity or person); 
"Averaging Date" means, in respect of each Reference Date, either: 
(i) 
in the case of a Single Fund Note; or (b) a Fund Basket Security, where the applicable Issue 
Terms provides that "Individual Fund Business Days and Individual Disrupted Days" shall 
be applicable, each date specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, or, if such date is 
not a Fund Business Day, the next following Fund Business Day for such Fund or Basket 
Component (as the case may be); or  
(ii) 
in the case of a Fund Basket Security, where the applicable Issue Terms provides that 
"Common Fund Business Days and Common Disrupted Days" or "Common Fund Business 
Days and Individual Disrupted Days" shall be applicable, each date specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms, or if any such date is not a Common Fund Business Day, the next 
following Common Fund Business Day for such Basket of Funds, 
provided that if any such day is a Disrupted Day, the Averaging Date shall be determined in 
accordance with the provisions of Condition 13.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates and 
Averaging Dates); 
"Basket Component" means, in relation to a particular Series of Fund Basket Securities, each 
Fund Interest comprised in the relevant Basket of Funds; 
"Basket of Funds" means a basket composed of such Fund Interests in such Funds specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms in the relative proportions or number of units of each Fund Interest 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, subject to the provisions of Condition 13.4 (Fund Events); 
"Common Fund Business Day" means, in respect of a Fund Basket Security, each day which is 
a Fund Business Day for all the Basket Components; 
"Common Valid Date" means, in respect of a Fund Basket Security, a Fund Business Day that is 
not a Disrupted Day for any Basket Component and on which another Averaging Date in respect 
of the relevant Reference Date does not or is deemed not to occur;

--- Page 248 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
Part 1: General Terms and Conditions 
 
 
248 
 
"Cut-off Period" means, in respect of any date, the period specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
or if no such period is specified, a period of the shorter of (a) eight Fund Business Days or, in the 
case of a Fund Basket Security, eight Common Fund Business Days; and (b) three months 
provided that if a "Final Cut-off Date" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then any Cut-
off Period that would otherwise end after such Final Cut-off Date shall end on such Final Cut-off 
Date; 
"Determination Date" means, in relation to any determination, each date specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms, provided that if any such date is (i) not a Fund Business Day and/or (ii) a 
Disrupted Day, the relevant Determination Date shall be determined in accordance with the 
provisions of Condition 13.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging Dates); 
"Disrupted Day" means any day on which a Disruption Event has occurred or is continuing; 
"Disruption Event" means any of the following events as determined by the Determination Agent:  
(a) 
in respect of any Fund Interest, the failure of (i) a Scheduled Fund Valuation Date to be 
a Fund Valuation Date or any continued postponement or suspension of such Fund 
Valuation Date; and/or (ii) there to be a Fund Reporting Date and/or Reported Net Asset 
Value relating to the relevant Fund Valuation Date;  
(b) 
in respect of any Fund Interest (i) there is a failure by the Fund to pay the full amount 
(whether expressed as a percentage or otherwise) of the Redemption Proceeds in the Fund 
Interest Currency with respect to the relevant amount of such Fund Interest scheduled to 
have been paid on or by such day according to the Fund Documents (without giving effect 
to any gating, deferral, suspension or other provisions permitting the Fund to delay or 
refuse redemption of such Fund Interests) or (ii) a Hypothetical Investor which had 
submitted a valid redemption notice in respect of such Fund Interest (in the case of a 
Single Fund Security) or each Fund Interest comprised in the Basket of Funds (in the case 
of a Fund Basket Security) on the last date permitted pursuant to the relevant Fund 
Documents would, in the reasonable opinion of the Determination Agent, not have 
received in full the Redemption Proceeds in respect of such redemption(s) on or before 
the date which is three Business Days prior to a related scheduled date for payment under 
the Securities; 
(c) 
the inability (including by reason of illegality) of, or the impracticability for, a Hedging 
Party to (i) unwind or dispose of any transaction it has entered into, or any asset it holds, 
in either case for the purpose of hedging its exposure to price variations of the Fund 
Interest (in the case of Single Fund Securities) or the Basket of Funds (in the case of Fund 
Basket Securities) inherent in its obligations, in the case of the Issuer, under the Securities 
or, in the case of an Affiliate, under any transaction pursuant to which it hedges the 
Issuer's exposure to the Fund Interest (in the case of Single Fund Securities) or the Basket 
of Funds (in the case of the Fund Basket Securities) under the Securities when scheduled 
or at all (including any change to the notice period for redemptions, transfers or 
subscriptions of a Fund Interest under the Fund Documents, any gating, side-pocketing 
or other arrangement affecting such a Hedging Party), or (ii) realise, recover or remit to 
any person the proceeds of any such transaction or asset; and/or 
(d) 
any closure other than for ordinary public holidays and/or any restriction or suspension 
in trading of foreign exchange markets or money markets in a relevant Fund Interest 
Currency or Specified Currency that, in the opinion of the Determination Agent, would 
have a material effect on the ability market participants to effect transactions in such 
markets,  
provided that if any event would otherwise be both a Disruption Event and Fund Event, such event 
shall be treated solely as a Fund Event; 
"Exchange" means, in respect of a Fund Interest, the principal exchange or quotation system in 
such Fund Interest, as determined by the Determination Agent, any successor to such Exchange or 
quotation system or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which the Fund Interest has 
temporarily relocated;

--- Page 249 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
Part 1: General Terms and Conditions 
 
 
249 
 
"Extraordinary Dividend" means an amount per relevant Fund Interest specified or otherwise 
determined by the Determination Agent; 
"Final Cut-off Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"Frequency of Fund Interest Valuation" means, in respect of a Fund Interest, the frequency of 
occurrence of a Fund Business Day for such Fund Interest as determined by reference to the Fund 
Documents in effect on the Trade Date;  
"Fund" means, in respect of any Fund Interest, the issuer of, or other legal arrangement (including, 
if applicable, any relevant class or series) giving rise to, the relevant Fund Interest as specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms; 
"Fund Administrator" means, in respect of any Fund and the related Fund Interest, any fund 
administrator, manager, trustee or similar person responsible for the administration of such Fund 
and the determination and reporting of any official price or value of such Fund according to the 
Fund Documents or any successor acceptable to the Determination Agent; 
"Fund Adviser" means any person appointed in the role of discretionary investment manager or 
non-discretionary investment adviser (including a non-discretionary investment adviser to a 
discretionary investment manager or to another non-discretionary investment adviser) for such 
Fund and/or a Fund Administrator and/or any other person(s) designated in the Fund Documents 
as responsible for the oversight of the Fund,  or any successor to any such person acceptable to the 
Determination Agent; 
"Fund Business Day" means, in respect of any Fund Interest and the related Fund, either (a) where 
the Reference Price for such Fund Interest is "Reported Net Asset Value", each of a Scheduled 
Fund Valuation Date and any day on which the Fund or the primary Fund Administrator acting on 
behalf of the Fund is scheduled to effect subscription and redemption requests or (b) where the 
Reference Price for such Fund Interest is "Redemption Proceeds", a Scheduled Redemption 
Valuation Date; 
"Fund Documents" means, in respect of any Fund and the related Fund Interest, the constitutive 
and governing documents, subscription agreements and other agreements of the related Fund 
specifying the terms and conditions relating to such Fund Interest (including, without limitation, 
the prospectus, information memorandum or other offering document issued by such Fund in 
connection with such Fund Interest), in each case and unless where otherwise specified, as 
amended and/or supplemented from time to time; 
"Fund Event" means, in the determination of the Determination Agent, the occurrence or 
announcement by the Fund or a Fund Service Provider at any time of any of the following events 
unless any such event is specified in the applicable Issue Terms as a Non-Applicable Fund Event: 
(a) 
Nationalisation:  in respect of a Fund Interest and the related Fund, all the Fund Interests 
or all or substantially all the assets of the Fund are nationalised, expropriated or are 
otherwise required to be transferred to any governmental agency, authority, entity or 
instrumentality thereof; 
(b) 
Fund Insolvency Event:  in respect of a Fund Interest and the related Fund (i) the Fund, 
and/or any Fund Service Provider (A) is dissolved or has a resolution passed for its 
dissolution, winding-up, official liquidation (other than pursuant to a consolidation, 
amalgamation or merger); (B) makes a general assignment or arrangement with or for the 
benefit of its creditors; (C)(1) institutes or has instituted against it, by a regulator, 
supervisor or any similar official with primary insolvency, rehabilitative or regulatory 
jurisdiction over it in the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization or the 
jurisdiction of its head or home office, a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or 
bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar 
law affecting creditors' rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation 
by it or such regulator, supervisor or similar official, or (2) has instituted against it a 
proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under any 
bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors' rights, or a petition 
is presented for its winding-up or liquidation, and such proceeding or petition is instituted 
or presented by a person or entity not described in (1) above and either (x) results in a 
judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of an order for relief or the making of 
an order for its winding-up or liquidation or (y) is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or

--- Page 250 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
Part 1: General Terms and Conditions 
 
 
250 
 
restrained in each case within 15 days of the institution or presentation thereof; (D) seeks 
or becomes subject to the appointment of an administrator, provisional liquidator, 
conservator, receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official for it or for all or 
substantially all its assets; (E) has a secured party take possession of all or substantially 
all its assets or has a distress, execution, attachment, sequestration or other legal process 
levied, enforced or sued on or against all or substantially all its assets and such secured 
party maintains possession, or any such process is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or 
restrained, in each case within 15 days thereafter; or (F) causes or is subject to any event 
with respect to it which, under the applicable laws of any jurisdiction, has an analogous 
effect to any of the events specified in (A) through (E) above; or (without prejudice to the 
foregoing) (ii) by reason of the voluntary or involuntary liquidation, bankruptcy, 
insolvency, dissolution or winding-up of or any analogous proceeding affecting a Fund, 
(A) all the Fund Interests of that Fund are required to be transferred to a trustee, liquidator 
or other similar official or (B) holders of the Fund Interests of that Fund become legally 
prohibited from transferring them; 
(c) 
Fund Adviser Event: in respect of any Fund Interest, as determined by the Determination 
Agent, (a) that at any time after the Trade Date, the total value of the assets managed by 
the relevant Fund Adviser (including in relation to the Fund) is equal to or less than 
50,000,000 U.S. Dollars (or its equivalent) or (b) that over any period of 12 months, the 
total value of the assets managed by the relevant Fund Adviser (including in relation to 
the Fund) has decreased by fifty per cent. (whether due to redemptions or decrease in the 
value of such assets or otherwise) (c) any material breach by the Fund Adviser (or any of 
its Affiliates) of any Relevant Hedging Transaction between it and a Hedging Party; 
(d) 
NAV Trigger/Restriction Event:  in respect of any Fund Interest, (A) the Reported 
Fund Interest Value as of the last Fund Valuation Date of any month has decreased by a 
percentage equal to, or greater than, fifty per cent. of the Reported Fund Interest Value as 
of the Fund Valuation Date of the same month in the immediately preceding calendar 
year (or, if the first year of operation of the relevant Fund Interest, as of its highest 
Reported Fund Interest Value on the last Fund Valuation Date of any month during such 
first year); or (B) the related Fund has violated any leverage restriction that is applicable 
to, or affecting, such Fund or its assets by operation of any law, any order or judgment of 
any court or other agency of government applicable to it or any of its assets, the 
Fund Documents or any contractual restriction binding on or affecting the Fund or any of 
its assets; 
(e) 
Changes to Fund or Fund Service Providers:  in respect of any Fund Interest and the 
related Fund:  (i) any change in the organisation of the Fund or of any Fund Service 
Provider without the prior written consent of the Determination Agent including, without 
limitation, a change of control of, or a change of the main shareholders, managing 
directors or individual(s) designated as fund manager(s) in the Fund Documents as at the 
Trade Date (if any) of a Fund Service Provider, (ii) any Fund Service Provider ceasing to 
act in the relevant capacity in relation to the Fund unless immediately replaced in such 
capacity by a successor acceptable to the Determination Agent or (iii) any delegation or 
transfer by the Fund Adviser of any of its powers, duties or obligations under the 
Fund Documents to a third party without the prior written consent of the Determination 
Agent; 
(f) 
Fund Modification:  in respect of any Fund Interest, any change, modification or 
termination of the related Fund Documents or of any rights attaching to the related 
Fund Interests (including without limitation any change or modification affecting 
management policy the Fund Interest Currency, the Frequency of Fund Interest 
Valuation, the terms relating to subscription, transfer and/or redemption of such Fund 
Interest including any change to the form or schedule of payment or notice period) from 
those prevailing on the Trade Date (in the case of Single Fund Securities) or the date on 
which any Fund Interest issued by such Fund was first included in the Basket of Funds 
(in the case of Fund Basket Securities) and which could reasonably be expected to affect 
the value of such Fund Interest;

--- Page 251 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
Part 1: General Terms and Conditions 
 
 
251 
 
(g) 
Strategy Breach:  in respect of any Fund Interest, as determined by the Determination 
Agent, any material breach of or non-compliance with any investment objective, 
investment restrictions or other strategy or investment guidelines or requirements, 
subscription and redemption provisions (including, without limitation, the days treated as 
Fund Business Days) or valuation provisions (including, without limitation, the method 
of determining the net asset value of the relevant Fund Interest), in each case as set out in 
the Fund Documents as in effect on the Trade Date or, if later, the date on which such 
Fund Interest was first included in the Basket of Funds (in the case of Fund Basket 
Securities); 
(h) 
Breach by Fund Service Provider:  in respect of any Fund Interest, the breach by any 
relevant Fund Service Provider of any obligation (including, without limitation, non-
compliance with any investment guidelines relating to such Fund Interest), representation 
or warranties concerning the relevant Fund (including, without limitation, pursuant to any 
agreement with the Fund), which breach, if capable of remedy, has not been remedied 
within 10 calendar days of its occurrence; 
(i) 
Regulatory Event:  (A) in respect of any Fund Interest, (1) any change in the legal, tax, 
accounting, or regulatory treatments of the relevant Fund or its Fund Adviser that is 
reasonably likely to have an adverse impact on the value of such Fund Interest or on any 
investor therein (as determined by the Determination Agent) or (2) the related Fund or 
any of its Fund Service Providers becoming subject to any investigation, proceeding 
arbitration, litigation or official action by any relevant governmental, legal or regulatory 
authority involving the alleged violation of, or non-compliance with, applicable law or 
regulation in relation to any activities relating to or resulting from the operation of such 
Fund or another fund where, in the opinion of the Determination Agent, such 
circumstances may have an adverse effect on the relevant Fund or (B) any event which 
would have the effect of:  (i) imposing on the Issuer and/or any Affiliate or adversely 
modifying any reserve, funding arrangement, special deposit, or similar requirement that 
would be applicable to the Issuer and/or such Affiliate in relation to the Securities or any 
related hedging arrangement or (ii) changing the amount or cost of regulatory capital that 
would have to be maintained by the Issuer and/or any Affiliate in relation to the Securities 
or any related hedging arrangement, including, without limitation, any requirement under 
applicable law, regulation or other rule or requirement from time to time applicable to the 
Issuer and/or any Affiliate that requires any information-provision or other transparency 
requirements in respect of a Fund Interest, whether to keep constant the cost of regulatory 
capital that would have to be maintained by any such person in relation to the Securities 
or otherwise comply therewith, and the relevant Fund Service Provider fails to provide 
sufficient information in respect of a Fund Interest for any such person to satisfy such 
relevant obligations or (C) in respect of any Fund Interest and the related Fund (i) the 
withdrawal, cancellation, suspension or revocation of any registration, licence or approval 
of such Fund Interest or the related Fund by any governmental, legal or regulatory entity 
with authority over such Fund Interest or Fund; (ii) the withdrawal, suspension, 
cancellation or modification of any licence, consent, permit, authorisation or clearance 
required for the Fund or any one or more of its significant Fund Service Providers to carry 
out their activities as they are or should be carried out in compliance with applicable law 
or regulation; and/or (iii) the failure of such Fund Interest and/or the related Fund to 
comply with any applicable requirements from time to time applied by any relevant listing 
authority, stock exchange, quotation system and/or regulator that allow it to be used to 
determine amounts due under the Securities (or, in the case of (C)(i), (ii) or (iii), any 
official announcement indicating that any such circumstances may occur); 
(j) 
Reporting Disruption:  in respect of any Fund Interest, (A) the occurrence of any event 
affecting such Fund Interest that, in the determination of the Determination Agent, would 
make it impossible or impracticable for the Determination Agent to determine the value 
of such Fund Interest and the Determination Agent does not expect such event to cease 
in the foreseeable future; (B) any failure of the related Fund to deliver, or cause to be 
delivered, or recipients in general to receive (1) information that such Fund has agreed to 
deliver, or cause to be delivered to the Determination Agent, the Issuer and/or any 
Hedging Party as applicable, or (2) information that has been previously delivered to the

--- Page 252 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
Part 1: General Terms and Conditions 
 
 
252 
 
Determination Agent, the Issuer and/or any Hedging Party, as applicable, in accordance 
with such Fund's, or its authorised representative's, normal practice and that the 
Determination Agent deems necessary for it or the Issuer, as applicable, to monitor such 
Fund's compliance with any investment guidelines, asset allocation methodologies or any 
other similar policies relating to such Fund Interest; (C) the related Fund ceases, for any 
reason whatsoever (either directly or through any Fund Service Provider acting on its 
behalf for this purpose) to provide, publish or make available its net asset value on any 
Fund Reporting Date; or (D) a Fund Service Provider informs the Determination Agent, 
the Issuer and/or any Hedging Party that any Reported Net Asset Value of such Fund 
Interest should not be relied on (whether by reason of it being only a provisional or 
estimated net asset value or for any other reason) and/or, in the opinion of the 
Determination Agent, any Reported Net Asset Value is inaccurate (which, for the 
avoidance of doubt, includes without limitation circumstances where any net asset value 
reported by a Fund Service Provider to the Issuer, any Hedging Party and/or investors in 
Fund Interest generally differs from any net asset value published on any one or more 
publishing service), in each case which the Determination Agent considers to be material 
to the Securities; 
(k) 
Compulsory Redemption or Assignment:  in respect of any Fund Interest, (i) the 
repurchase or redemption by the Fund of all or some of the Fund Interests otherwise than 
at the request of a holder of Fund Interests; or (ii) any event or circumstance (whether or 
not in accordance with the constitutive documents and investment guidelines of the Fund) 
which would mandatorily oblige a holder of Fund Interests to redeem, sell, assign or 
otherwise dispose of any Fund Interests and which the Determination Agent determines 
could affect a Hypothetical Investor; 
(l) 
Closure to Subscriptions; Dealing Restrictions:  in respect of any Fund Interest, (A) the 
closure of the related Fund to new subscriptions of Fund Interests, or (B) the imposition 
of any dealing restrictions (including, without limitation, material amendments to relevant 
documentation, delay (partial or otherwise), suspension or termination (partial or 
otherwise) of subscription, redemption or settlement) relating to the Fund or transactions 
in Fund Interests by any Fund Service Provider, any Affiliate or agent of any 
Fund Service Provider, or any intermediary platform through which the Issuer or its 
Affiliates may contract (via a trading agreement or otherwise) in order to carry out 
transactions in Fund Interests; 
(m) 
Disposals: Material Change: Merger:  in respect of any Fund Interest, (A) a disposal to 
any person(s) of all, or a material part, of the assets of (x) the related Fund, or (y) any 
significant Fund Service Provider; or (B) a material change in the business of the Fund or 
any significant Fund Service Provider, or (C) the merger, amalgamation or consolidation 
of the related Fund and/or such Fund Interest with (x) any other sub-fund or compartment 
of the Fund or (y) any other collective investment undertaking (or sub-fund or 
compartment of such other collective investment undertaking, including another fund), 
which, in either case, may, in the determination of the Determination Agent, have an 
adverse effect on the Fund; 
(n) 
Hedging Disruption:  any of the following: 
(i) 
the Determination Agent reasonably determines that the Issuer or any Affiliate (a 
"Hedging Party") is unable (including without limitation by reason of illegality), 
or that it is impracticable for a Hedging Party, after using commercially reasonable 
efforts, to (i) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or 
dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) (each a "Relevant Hedging 
Transaction") such Hedging Party deems necessary or appropriate to hedge its 
exposure to price variations of the Fund Interest (in the case of Single Fund 
Securities) or the Basket of Funds (in the case of Fund Basket Securities) inherent 
in its obligations, in the case of the Issuer, under the Securities or, in the case of 
an Affiliate, under any transaction pursuant to which it hedges the Issuer's 
exposure to the Fund Interest (in the case of Single Fund Securities) or the Basket

--- Page 253 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
Part 1: General Terms and Conditions 
 
 
253 
 
of Funds (in the case of Fund Basket Securities) under the Securities, or (ii) realise, 
recover or remit to any person the proceeds of such transaction or asset; and/or 
(ii) 
the Determination Agent reasonably determines that it has become illegal for any 
Hedging Party to hold, acquire or dispose of Fund Interests relating to the 
Securities; and/or 
(iii) 
the Determination Agent reasonably determines that the Issuer would incur an 
increased cost in respect of the Relevant Hedging Transactions related to the 
performance of its obligation under the Securities (including, without limitation, 
due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect 
on its tax position); and/or 
(iv) 
the Determination Agent reasonably determines that any Hedging Party would 
incur a materially increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the 
Trade Date) amount of tax, duty, expense or fee (other than brokerage 
commissions) to (A) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind 
or dispose of any Relevant Hedging Transaction, or (B) realise, recover or remit 
the proceeds of any such Relevant Hedging Transaction; unless any such 
materially increased amount is incurred solely due to the deterioration of the 
creditworthiness of the Hedging Party, 
(v) 
and such determinations by the Determination Agent may include, but are not 
limited to, the following:  (A) any increased illiquidity in the market for the 
Fund Interest (in the case of Single Fund Securities) or the Basket of Funds (in the 
case of Fund Basket Securities) (as compared with circumstances existing on the 
Trade Date); or (B) a change in any applicable law (including, without limitation, 
any tax law) or the promulgation of, or change in, the interpretation of any court, 
tribunal or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law 
(including any action taken by a taxing authority); or (C) the general unavailability 
of market participants who will so enter into a Relevant Hedging Transaction on 
commercially reasonable terms; 
(o) 
Fraud:  in respect of any Fund Interest and the related Fund, the Fund is the object of a 
material fraud which may, in the determination of the Determination Agent, have an 
adverse effect on the Fund or the value of Fund Interests; or any act or omission of a 
Fund Service Provider constitutes fraud (including, but not limited to, theft, 
misappropriation, mispricing of holdings or concealment of trades), bad faith, wilful 
misconduct or negligence, as determined by the Determination Agent in its reasonable 
discretion; 
(p) 
Force Majeure Event:  in respect of any Fund Interest and the related Fund, any 
Fund Service Provider fails to perform any of its obligations pursuant to the Fund 
Documents to the extent that such performance is prevented, hindered or delayed by a 
Force Majeure Event, where "Force Majeure Event" means any event due to any cause 
beyond the reasonable control of the applicable Fund Service Provider, such as 
unavailability of communications system, failure of or interruptions in power supply or 
network computer systems, sabotage, fire, flood, explosion, acts of God, civil commotion, 
riots, insurrection or war;  
(q) 
Value Limitation:  the value of any Fund Interest held by the Issuer and its Affiliates is 
greater than 10 per cent. of the aggregate net asset value of the relevant Fund (whether or 
not all of such holding results from hedging transactions entered into in connection with 
the Securities) and including, where the excess holding results from a reduction in the 
aggregate net asset value of the relevant Fund; 
(r) 
Delisting: in respect of a Fund Interest, where there is or was intended to be an Exchange 
in respect of such Fund Interest that (A) such Exchange announces that pursuant to the 
rules of such Exchange, such Fund Interests cease (or will cease) being listed or publicly 
quoted on the Exchange for any reason and are not immediately re listed or re quoted on 
an exchange or quotation system located in the same country as the Exchange (or, where

--- Page 254 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
Part 1: General Terms and Conditions 
 
 
254 
 
the Exchange is within the European Union, in any Member State of the European Union), 
or (B) such Fund Interests are never so listed or quoted as intended and disclosed in the 
Fund Documents as at the Trade Date; 
(s) 
Fund Accounting Event: in respect of a Fund Interest and the related Fund, any (i) change 
in the currency in which the Fund Interest's accounts are denominated; or (ii) material 
adverse change in the accounting treatment of the Fund which does or could affect a 
Hypothetical Investor and/or a Hedging Party and/or any actual or potential requirement 
to consolidate its accounts with any such entity; 
(t) 
Fees or Charges Event: in respect of a Fund (i) any charge of a transaction fee for 
subscription or redemption of Fund Interests; (ii) any imposition of any taxes or similar 
charges for subscription or redemption of Fund Interests (whether by the Fund or a Fund 
Adviser in respect of holders of Fund Interests generally or otherwise occurring in respect 
of any Hedging Party) and/or (iii) any material change in the applicable fee arrangement 
between a Fund Adviser and a Hedging Party (as compared with that arrangement as of 
the Trade Date), including the increase to the existing level of, or introduction of any new, 
fees, commissions or other expenses payable to any person, in each case as determined 
by the Determination Agent; and/or 
(u) 
Additional Fund Event: any other event(s) specified as Fund Events in the applicable 
Issue Terms; 
"Fund Event Notice" has the meaning given to that term in Condition 13.4 (Fund Events); 
"Fund Interest" means in respect of a Fund, a share, unit or other interest in respect of such Fund, 
as specified in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"Fund Interest Currency" means, in respect of a Fund Interest, the currency in which such Fund 
Interest is denominated on the Trade Date as set out in the Fund Documents; 
"Fund Reporting Date" means, in respect of a Fund Interest and a Fund Valuation Date, the date 
on which the Reported Fund Interest Value of such Fund Interest as determined as of such 
Fund Valuation Date is reported (as provided in the definition of Reported Fund Interest Value); 
"Fund Service Provider" means, in respect of a Fund, any person who is appointed to provide 
services, directly or indirectly, to that Fund, whether or not specified in the Fund Documents or 
any successor acceptable to the Determination Agent, including without limitation any 
Fund Adviser, Fund Administrator, operator, management company, depositary, custodian, sub-
custodian, prime broker, administrator, trustee, registrar and transfer agent or domiciliary agent; 
"Fund Valuation Date" means, in respect of a Fund Interest, the date as of which the related Fund 
(or its Fund Service Provider that generally determines such value) determines the value of such 
Fund Interest or, if the related Fund only reports its aggregate net asset value, the date as of which 
such Fund determines its aggregate net asset value; 
"Hedging Party" has the meaning given in the definition of "Fund Event" above; 
"Hypothetical Investor" means, in respect of a Fund Interest, a hypothetical investor in such 
Fund Interest deemed to have (a) the benefits and obligations, as provided under the 
Fund Documents, of an investor holding, as of the Trade Date, an interest in the relevant Fund in 
an amount equal to the relevant number of relevant amount of such Fund Interest; (b) in the case 
of any deemed redemption of such Fund Interest, to have submitted to the relevant Fund on the 
relevant Redemption Notice Date, a duly completed notice requesting redemption of the relevant 
number of such Fund Interests; and (c) in the case of any deemed investment in such Fund Interest, 
to have submitted, on the Trade Date, a duly completed notice to the relevant Fund, requesting 
subscription to the relevant number of Fund Interests; 
"Observation Date" means each date specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, provided 
that if any such date is (i) not a Fund Business Day and/or (ii) a Disrupted Day, the relevant 
Observation Date shall be determined in accordance with the provisions of Condition 13.1 (Market 
Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging Dates);  
"Potential Adjustment Event" means, in respect of any Fund Interest, any of the following events 
in the determination of the Determination Agent:

--- Page 255 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
Part 1: General Terms and Conditions 
 
 
255 
 
(i) 
a subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of the relevant amount of Fund Interest, or 
a free distribution or dividend of any such Fund Interest to existing holders by way of 
bonus, capitalisation or similar issue; 
(ii) 
a distribution, issue or dividend to existing holders of the relevant Fund Interest of (A) an 
additional amount of such Fund Interest, or (B) other share capital or securities granting the 
right to payment of dividends and/or the proceeds of liquidation of the Fund equally or 
proportionately with such payments to holders of such Fund Interest, or (C) share capital 
or other securities of another issuer acquired or owned (directly or indirectly) by the Fund 
as a result of a spin-off or other similar transaction, or (D) any other type of securities, 
rights or warrants or other assets, in any case for payment (cash or other consideration) at 
less than the prevailing market price as determined by the Determination Agent; 
(iii) 
an Extraordinary Dividend; or 
(iv) 
a repurchase by the Fund of relevant Fund Interests whether the consideration for such 
repurchase is cash, securities or otherwise, other than in respect of a redemption of 
Fund Interests initiated by an investor in such Fund Interests; 
"Redemption Notice Date" means, in respect of a Fund Interest and a Reference Date or 
Averaging Date, the date specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms or, if no date is so 
specified, the last date on which a Hypothetical Investor in such Fund Interest would be permitted, 
pursuant to the Fund Documents of the related Fund, to submit a redemption notice that would be 
timely for a redemption as of the Scheduled Redemption Valuation Date for which the Scheduled 
Redemption Payment Date falls on or immediately prior to such Reference Date or Averaging 
Date; 
"Redemption Proceeds" means, in respect of the relevant amount of any Fund Interest, the 
redemption proceeds that in the determination of the Determination Agent would be paid by the 
related Fund to a Hypothetical Investor who, as of the relevant Redemption Valuation Date, 
redeems such amount of Fund Interest (for the avoidance of doubt after deduction of any tax, levy, 
charge, assessment or fee of any nature that, in the determination of the Determination Agent, 
would (or would be very likely to) be withheld or deducted from such amount); provided that 
(a) any such proceeds that would be paid in property other than cash shall be deemed to have a 
value of zero and (b) if the Hypothetical Investor would be entitled to elect payment of such 
redemption proceeds to be made either in the form of cash or other property, then the Hypothetical 
Investor shall be deemed to have elected cash payment,; 
"Redemption Valuation Date" means, in respect of a Fund Interest and any Scheduled 
Redemption Valuation Date, the date as of which the related Fund (or its Fund Service Provider 
that generally determines such value) determines the net asset value of such Fund Interest for 
purposes of calculating the redemption proceeds to be paid to a Hypothetical Investor that has 
submitted a valid notice for redemption on or before the related Redemption Notice Date; 
"Reference Date" means, for the purposes of Condition 13.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates 
and Averaging Dates), each Valuation Date, Observation Date, Strike Date or Determination Date 
(as applicable) specified in the applicable Issue Terms, or otherwise, any date construed to be a 
Reference Date in accordance with the Conditions; 
"Reference Price" means, in respect of a Fund Interest and the Valuation Time on any Valuation 
Date or Averaging Date, either (a) where "Reported Net Asset Value" is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms for such Fund Interest, the Reported Net Asset Value of such Fund Interest for the 
related Fund Valuation Date falling on such Reference Date or Averaging Date, as the case may 
be; or (b) where "Redemption Proceeds" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms for such Fund 
Interest, an amount equal to the Redemption Proceeds relating to such Fund Interest that in the 
determination of the Determination Agent would be received by a Hypothetical Investor in such 
Fund Interest in respect of a redemption of Fund Interests to be effected as of the Scheduled 
Redemption Valuation Date relating to such Reference Date or Averaging Date, as the case may 
be;

--- Page 256 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
Part 1: General Terms and Conditions 
 
 
256 
 
"Removal Value" means, in respect of an Affected Fund Interest, the value calculated by the 
Determination Agent in the same manner as would be used in determining the Reference Price of 
Fund Interests in the related Fund, but assuming where the Reference Price is Redemption 
Proceeds that a valid notice requesting redemption of Fund Interests in such Fund has been 
submitted to such Fund on the Fund Business Day next following delivery of the relevant Fund 
Event Notice and, where the Removal Value is required to be converted into the Specified 
Currency or the currency of the Successor Fund Interest it shall be so converted by the 
Determination Agent at such time and by reference to such sources as it deems appropriate; 
"Reported Net Asset Value" means, in respect of any Fund Interest and a Fund Reporting Date 
relating to such Fund Interest, the official net asset value per Fund Interest as of the related 
Fund Valuation Date or, if the related Fund reports only its aggregate net asset value, the portion 
of such Fund's aggregate net asset value relating to a Fund Interest as of the related Fund Valuation 
Date, in each case as reported on the Fund Reporting Date relating to such Fund Valuation Date 
by the Fund Service Provider that generally reports such value on behalf of the Fund to its investors 
or a publishing service; 
"Scheduled Averaging Date" means an original date (following any adjustment (if applicable) 
pursuant to paragraph (i) or (ii) in the definition of "Averaging Date") that, but for such day being 
a Disrupted Day, would have been an Averaging Date; 
"Scheduled Fund Valuation Date" means, in respect of a Fund Interest, the date as of which the 
related Fund (or its Fund Service Provider that generally determines such value) is scheduled, 
according to its Fund Documents (without giving effect to any gating, deferral, suspension or other 
provisions permitting the Fund to delay or refuse redemption of Fund Interests), to determine the 
value of such Fund Interest or, if the related Fund only reports its aggregate net asset value, the 
date as of which such Fund determines its aggregate net asset value; 
"Scheduled Redemption Payment Date" means, in respect of a Fund Interest and any Scheduled 
Redemption Valuation Date, the date by which the related Fund is scheduled to have paid, 
according to its Fund Documents, all or a specified portion of the Redemption Proceeds to an 
investor that has submitted a timely and valid notice requesting redemption of such Fund Interest 
as of such Scheduled Redemption Valuation Date; 
"Scheduled Redemption Valuation Date" means, in respect of a Fund Interest, the date as of 
which the related Fund (or its Fund Service Provider that generally determines such value) is 
scheduled, according to its Fund Documents (without giving effect to any gating, deferral, 
suspension or other provisions permitting the Fund to delay or refuse redemption of 
Fund Interests), to determine the net asset value of such Fund Interest for the purposes of 
calculating the redemption proceeds to be paid to an investor that has submitted a valid and timely 
notice for redemption of Fund Interests based on the value determined as of such date; the 
Scheduled Redemption Valuation Date relating to any Reference Date or Averaging Date, as the 
case may be, shall be the date specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms or, if no such date is 
specified, 
the 
Scheduled 
Redemption Valuation 
Date 
for 
which 
the 
Scheduled 
Redemption Payment Date falls on or immediately prior to such Reference Date or Averaging 
Date, as the case may be; 
"Scheduled Reference Date means, for the purposes of Condition 13.1 (Market Disruption, 
Reference Dates and Averaging Dates), any original date that, but for the occurrence of an event 
causing a Disrupted Day, would have been a Reference Date; 
"Strike Date" means such date as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, provided that if any 
such date is (i) not a Fund Business Day and/or (ii) a Disrupted Day, the relevant Strike Date shall 
be determined in accordance with the provisions of Condition 13.1 (Market Disruption, Reference 
Dates and Averaging Dates);  
"Valid Date" means a Fund Business Day that is not a Disrupted Day and on which another 
Averaging Date in respect of the relevant Reference Date does not or is not deemed to occur;  
"Valuation Date" means each date specified as such, provided that if any such date is (i) not a 
Fund Business Day and/or (ii) a Disrupted Day, the relevant Valuation Date shall be determined 
in accordance with the provisions of Condition 13.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates and 
Averaging Dates); and

--- Page 257 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
Part 1: General Terms and Conditions 
 
 
257 
 
"Valuation Time" means the time on or in respect of the Reference Date or Averaging Date at 
which the applicable Reference Price is scheduled to be determined in accordance with the Fund 
Documents. 
14. 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO PREFERENCE SHARE-LINKED SECURITIES 
This Condition 14 (Provisions relating to Preference Share-Linked Securities) is applicable only 
in relation to Securities specified in the applicable Issue Terms as being Preference Share-Linked 
Securities. 
 
Redemption of Preference Share-Linked Securities:  Unless previously redeemed or purchased 
and cancelled, each Preference Share-Linked Security will be redeemed by the Issuer on the 
Maturity Date by payment of the Final Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, or determined in accordance with such provisions of the Additional Terms and Conditions 
as are specified as being applicable in the applicable Issue Terms. 
 
Early Redemption for Taxation Reasons:  If the Preference Share-Linked Securities are 
redeemed pursuant to Condition 16.2 (Tax Redemption – Morgan Stanley and MSFL Securities) 
or 16.3 (Tax Redemption – MSI plc and MSBV Securities) (as applicable), each Preference 
Share-Linked Security shall be redeemed at the Early Preference Share Redemption Security 
Amount per Calculation Amount. 
 
Call Option:  If Call Option is specified in the applicable Issue Terms as being applicable the 
provisions of Condition 16.5 (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer) shall apply to the Preference 
Share-Linked Securities as if the words "in whole or, if so specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
in part" in the second and third lines were replaced with the words "in whole (but not in part)". 
 
Early Redemption in respect of Preference Share-Linked Securities:  Upon the occurrence of 
an Early Redemption Event the Issuer shall, as soon as reasonably practicable following the 
occurrence of such Early Redemption Event, give notice to the Securityholders in accordance with 
Condition 28 (Notices) and will redeem all (but not some only) of the Preference Share-Linked 
Securities on the 10th Business Day following the date on which it is determined that an Early 
Redemption Event has occurred, each Preference Share-Linked Security to be redeemed by 
payment of the Early Preference Share Redemption Security Amount. 
 
Extraordinary Events:  If in the determination of the Determination Agent an Extraordinary 
Event occurs the Issuer shall, as soon as reasonably practicable following the occurrence of such 
Extraordinary Event, give notice to the Securityholders in accordance with Condition 28 (Notices) 
and redeem all, but not some only, of the Preference Share-Linked Securities, each Preference 
Share-Linked Security being redeemed at the Early Preference Share Redemption Security 
Amount on the 10th Business Day immediately following the date on which such determination is 
made by the Determination Agent. 
 
Additional Disruption Events:  If in the determination of the Determination Agent an Additional 
Disruption Event occurs the Issuer shall, as soon as reasonably practicable following the 
occurrence of such Additional Disruption Event, give notice to Securityholders in accordance with 
Condition 28 (Notices) and redeem all, but not some only, of the Preference Share-Linked 
Securities, each Preference Share-Linked Security being redeemed at the Early Preference Share 
Redemption Security Amount on the 10th Business Day immediately following the date on which 
such determination is made by the Determination Agent.  
 
Payments – General Provisions:  Condition 17.9 (Unavailability of Currency) shall not apply to 
the Preference Share-Linked Securities. 
 
Definitions applicable to Preference Share-Linked Securities 
"Additional Disruption Event" means, with respect to any Series of Preference Share-Linked 
Securities, such of Change in Law, Hedging Disruption, Insolvency Filing and/or Increased Cost 
of Hedging as are applicable as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Change in Law" means that, on or after the Trade Date (A) due to the adoption of or any change 
in any applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law), or (B) due to the 
promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority

--- Page 258 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
Part 1: General Terms and Conditions 
 
 
258 
 
with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a 
taxing authority), the Issuer determines that (x) it has become illegal to hold, acquire or dispose of 
any Preference Share or (y) it will incur a materially increased cost in performing its obligations 
in relation to the Preference Share-Linked Securities (including, without limitation, due to any 
increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect on its tax position). 
"Early Preference Share Redemption Security Amount" means, in respect of each Preference 
Share-Linked Security, an amount in the Specified Currency per Calculation Amount calculated 
by the Determination Agent equal to: 
Calculation Amount × Participation Rate × Preference Share Valueearly
Preference Share Valueinitial
 
 
"Early Redemption Event" means that the Issuer or any of its affiliates has received notice from 
the Preference Share Issuer that the Preference Shares are to be redeemed early. 
"Early Redemption Valuation Date" means the second Business Day immediately preceding the 
date for early redemption of the Preference Share-Linked Securities. 
"Extraordinary Event" means a Merger Event, a Nationalisation, a Tender Offer and/or an 
Insolvency or such other event specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Hedging Disruption" means that the Issuer is unable, after using commercially reasonable 
efforts, to (A) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any 
transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the equity or other price risk of the Issuer 
issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the Preference Share-Linked Securities, or 
(B) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s). 
"Increased Cost of Hedging" means that the Issuer would incur a materially increased (as 
compared with circumstances existing on the Trade Date) amount of tax, duty, expense or fee 
(other than brokerage commissions) to (A) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, 
unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the risk of entering 
into and performing its obligations with respect to the Preference Shares or (B) realise, recover or 
remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s), provided that any such materially 
increased amount that is incurred solely due to the deterioration of the creditworthiness of the 
Issuer shall not be deemed an Increased Cost of Hedging. 
"Initial Valuation Date" means the Issue Date or, if such day is not a Business Day, the next 
following Business Day. 
"Insolvency" means that by reason of the voluntary or involuntary liquidation, bankruptcy, 
insolvency, dissolution or winding-up of or any analogous proceeding affecting Preference Share 
Issuer (A) all the Preference Shares are required to be transferred to a trustee, liquidator or other 
similar official or (B) holders of the Preference Shares become legally prohibited from transferring 
them. 
"Insolvency Filing" means that Preference Share Issuer institutes or has instituted against it by a 
regulator, supervisor or any similar official with primary insolvency, rehabilitative or regulatory 
jurisdiction over it in the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organisation or the jurisdiction of its 
head or home office, or it consents to a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy 
or any other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors' 
rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation by it or such regulator, supervisor 
or similar official or it consents to such a petition, provided that proceedings instituted or petitions 
presented by creditors and not consented to by Preference Share Issuer shall not be deemed an 
Insolvency Filing. 
"Merger Date" means the closing date of a Merger Event or, where a closing date cannot be 
determined under the local law applicable to such Merger Event, such other date as determined by 
the Determination Agent. 
"Merger Event" means any (A) reclassification or change of the Preference Shares that results in 
a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to transfer all of such Preference Shares outstanding to

--- Page 259 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
Part 1: General Terms and Conditions 
 
 
259 
 
another entity or person, (B) consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of 
Preference Share Issuer with or into another entity or person (other than a consolidation, 
amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange in which Preference Share Issuer is the 
continuing entity and which does not result in a reclassification or change of all of such Preference 
Shares outstanding), (C) takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other 
event by any entity or person to purchase or otherwise obtain 100 per cent. of the outstanding 
Preference Shares that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to transfer all such 
Preference Shares (other than such Preference Shares owned or controlled by such other entity or 
person), or (D) consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of Preference 
Share Issuer with or into another entity in which Preference Share Issuer is the continuing entity 
and which does not result in a reclassification or change of all such Preference Shares outstanding 
but results in the outstanding Preference Shares (other than Preference Shares owned or controlled 
by such other entity) immediately prior to such event collectively representing less than 50 per 
cent. of the outstanding Preference Shares immediately following such event, in each case if the 
Merger Date is on or before the Maturity Date. 
"Nationalisation" means that all the Preference Shares or all or substantially all the assets of 
Preference Share Issuer are nationalised, expropriated or are otherwise required to be transferred 
to any governmental agency, authority, entity or instrumentality thereof. 
"Participation Rate" means the percentage rate specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Preference Share Issuer"" means the company specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, 
or, if no such company is specified, means, in respect of any Preference Shares, the issuer of, or 
other legal arrangement (including, if applicable, any relevant class or series) giving rise to the 
relevant Preference Share. 
"Preference Shares" means the preferences shares specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Preference Share Value" means, in respect of any day, the fair market value of the Preference 
Share at the Valuation Time on such day, as determined by the Determination Agent. 
"Preference Share Valueearly" means the Preference Share Value on the Early Redemption 
Valuation Date.  
"Preference Share Valuefinal" means the Preference Share Value on the Final Valuation Date. 
"Preference Share Valueinitial" means the Preference Share Value on the Initial Valuation Date. 
"Tender Offer" means a takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or 
other event by any entity or person that results in such entity or person purchasing, or otherwise 
obtaining or having the right to obtain, by conversion or other means, greater than 10 per cent. and 
less than 100 per cent. of the outstanding voting shares of Preference Share Issuer as determined 
by the Determination Agent, based upon the making of filings with governmental or 
self-regulatory agencies or such other information as the Determination Agent deems relevant. 
"Valuation Time" has the meaning given to it in the applicable Issue Terms or if not set out in the 
applicable Issue Terms, immediately following the time at which the final preference share 
redemption amount in respect of the Preference Shares is determined. 
 
Calculations and Determinations:  The Determination Agent will make the calculations and 
determinations as described in this Condition 14.9 (Calculations and Determinations) in such a 
manner as the Determination Agent determines is appropriate acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner (having regard in each case to the criteria stipulated in the 
Conditions and the hedging arrangements in respect of the Preference Share-Linked Securities). 
Notwithstanding that certain calculations, determinations and adjustments in this Condition 14.9 
(Calculations and Determinations) may be expressed to be on a certain date, the Determination 
Agent may make such calculations, determinations and adjustments in respect of that date on a 
date after that date determined by it in its reasonable discretion. 
Pursuant to this Condition 14.9 (Calculations and Determinations) the Determination Agent has a 
number of discretions.  These are necessary since in certain circumstances it is not reasonably 
practicable or otherwise not appropriate for certain valuations to be carried out in relation to 
relevant reference assets and in these circumstances the Determination Agent also may exercise 
certain discretions.

--- Page 260 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
Part 1: General Terms and Conditions 
 
 
260 
 
The provisions of the second paragraph of this Condition 14.9 (Calculations and Determinations) 
will not apply to the calculation of the Final Redemption Amount or Early Redemption Amount. 
 
Rounding:  Condition 31 (Rounding) shall not apply to the Preference Share-Linked Securities. 
15. 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO FUTURES CONTRACT-LINKED SECURITIES 
This Condition 15 (Provisions Relating to Futures Contract-Linked Securities) is applicable only 
in relation to Securities specified in the relevant Issue Terms as being Single Futures Contract-
Linked Securities or Futures Contract Basket-Linked Securities.  
 
Market Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging Dates 
(a) 
If a Reference Date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the relevant Reference Date shall be the next 
succeeding Scheduled Trading Day or, if either "Common Scheduled Trading Days and Common 
Disrupted Days" or "Common Scheduled Trading Days and Individual Disrupted Days" is 
specified to be applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the next succeeding Common Scheduled 
Trading Day. 
(b) 
Subject to Condition 15.1(d) below, if any Scheduled Reference Date is a Disrupted Day, then: 
(i) 
in the case of a Single Futures Contract-Linked Security, the relevant Reference Date shall 
be the earlier of (i) the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not in the 
determination of the Determination Agent a Disrupted Day and (ii) the Reference Cut-Off 
Date (notwithstanding that such Scheduled Trading Day is a Disrupted Day). 
(ii) 
in the case of a Futures Contract Basket-Linked Security: 
(A) 
where "Individual Scheduled Trading Days and Individual Disrupted Days" is specified to 
be applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, if the Determination Agent determines that any 
Scheduled Reference Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of any Basket Component, then: 
(1) 
the Reference Date for each Basket Component in respect of which the 
Scheduled Reference Date is not a Disrupted Day shall be the Scheduled 
Reference Date for such Basket Component; and 
(2) 
the Reference Date for any Basket Component in respect of which the 
Scheduled Reference Date is a Disrupted Day (each an "Affected Basket 
Component") shall be the earlier of (A) the first Scheduled Trading Day 
following the relevant Scheduled Reference Date that is not a Disrupted Day 
in respect of such Affected Basket Component; and (B) the Reference Cut-
Off Date for such Affected Basket Component (notwithstanding that such 
day may not be a Scheduled Trading Day). 
(B) 
where "Common Scheduled Trading Days and Common Disrupted Days" is specified to be 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, if the Determination Agent determines that any 
Scheduled Reference Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of any Basket Component, then the 
Reference Date for each Basket Component shall be the earlier of (i) the first Common 
Scheduled Trading Day following the relevant Scheduled Reference Date that is not a 
Disrupted Day with respect to any Basket Component; and (ii) the Reference Cut-Off Date 
(notwithstanding that such day may not be a Common Scheduled Trading Day).  
(C) 
where "Common Scheduled Trading Days and Individual Disrupted Days" is specified to 
be applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, if the Determination Agent determines that any 
Scheduled Reference Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of any Basket Component, then: 
(1) 
the Reference Date for each Basket Component in respect of which the 
Scheduled Reference Date is not a Disrupted Day shall be the Scheduled 
Reference Date for such Basket Component; and 
(2) 
the Reference Date for each Basket Component in respect of which the 
Scheduled Reference Date is a Disrupted Day (each an "Affected Basket

--- Page 261 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
Part 1: General Terms and Conditions 
 
 
261 
 
Component") shall be the earlier of (A) the first Scheduled Trading Day 
following the relevant Scheduled Reference Date that is not a Disrupted Day 
in respect of such Affected Basket Component; and (B) the Reference Cut-
Off Date for such Affected Basket Component (notwithstanding that such 
day may not be a Common Scheduled Trading Day or a Scheduled Trading 
Day). 
(iii) 
in the case of any Single Futures Contract-Linked Security or Futures Contract Basket-
Linked Security (as the case may be), where a Reference Date falls on the relevant 
Reference Cut-Off Date pursuant to Condition 15.1(b)(ii), then: 
(A) 
if such Reference Cut-Off Date is not a Disrupted Day for such Single Futures Contract-
Linked Security or Futures Contract Basket-Linked Security (as the case may be), the 
Determination Agent shall determine the value of such Futures Contract as at the 
Determination Time on such Reference Cut-Off Date; or  
(B) 
if such Reference Cut-Off Date is a Disrupted Day, in respect of Single Futures Contract-
Linked Securities and Futures Contract Basket-Linked Securities, the Determination Agent 
shall determine its estimate of the value for such Futures Contract as of the Determination 
Time on such Reference Cut-Off Date, acting in good faith and a commercially reasonable 
manner.  
(c) 
Subject to Condition 15.1(d) below, if Averaging Dates are specified in the relevant Issue Terms 
as being applicable, then, notwithstanding any other provisions of these Conditions (other than 
Condition 15.1(d)), the following provisions will apply to the valuation of the relevant Futures 
Contract in relation to the relevant Reference Date: 
(i) 
If, in respect of a Single Futures Contract-Linked Security, a Scheduled Averaging Date is 
determined by the Determination Agent to be a Disrupted Day, then if, in relation to 
"Averaging Date Disruption", the consequence specified in the relevant Issue Terms is: 
(A) 
"Omission", then such date will be deemed not to be a relevant Averaging Date in respect 
of such Reference Date for the purposes of determining the level, price, value or amount 
provided that, if through the operation of this provision no Averaging Date would occur 
with respect to the relevant Reference Date, then Condition 15.1(b) will apply for purposes 
of determining the level, price, value or amount on the final Averaging Date in respect of 
that Reference Date as if such final Averaging Date were a Reference Date that was a 
Disrupted Day; 
(B) 
"Postponement", then Condition 15.1(b) above will apply for the purposes of determining 
the level, price, value or amount on that date as if such date were a Reference Date that was 
a Disrupted Day irrespective of whether, pursuant to such determination, that deferred 
Averaging Date would fall on a day that already is or is deemed to be an Averaging Date 
for the relevant Securities; or 
(C) 
"Modified Postponement", then the Averaging Date shall be the earlier of (I) the first Valid 
Date following the Scheduled Averaging Date and (II) the Averaging Cut-Off Date, 
irrespective of whether it falls on a day that already is or is deemed to be an Averaging 
Date. 
(ii) 
If, in respect of a Futures Contract Basket-Linked Security, a Scheduled Averaging Date in 
respect of a Reference Date is determined by the Determination Agent to be a Disrupted 
Day in respect of any Basket Component, then: 
(A) 
where "Individual Scheduled Trading Days and Individual Disrupted Days" is specified to 
be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms: 
(1) 
if, in relation to "Averaging Date Disruption", the consequence specified in 
the relevant Issue Terms is "Omission":

--- Page 262 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
Part 1: General Terms and Conditions 
 
 
262 
 
(a) 
the Averaging Date for each Basket Component in respect of which 
the Scheduled Averaging Date is not a Disrupted Day shall be the 
Scheduled Averaging Date; and  
(b) 
such date shall not be an Averaging Date in respect of such Reference 
Date for any Basket Component in respect of which the Scheduled 
Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day (each such Basket Component, an 
"Affected Basket Component"), provided that if through the 
operation of this provision there would not be any Averaging Date in 
respect of such Reference Date for the Affected Basket Component, 
then the sole Averaging Date for such Affected Basket Component 
shall be the earlier of (I) the first Scheduled Trading Day following 
the final Scheduled Averaging Date that is not a Disrupted Day in 
respect of such Affected Basket Component and (II) the Averaging 
Cut-Off Date for such Affected Basket Component;  
(2) 
if, in relation to "Averaging Date Disruption", the consequence specified in 
the relevant Issue Terms is "Postponement": 
(a) 
the Averaging Date for each Basket Component in respect of which 
the Scheduled Averaging Date is not a Disrupted Day shall be the 
Scheduled Averaging Date; and 
(b) 
the Averaging Date for each Basket Component in respect of which 
the Scheduled Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day (each such Basket 
Component, an "Affected Basket Component") shall be the earlier 
of (I) the first Scheduled Trading Day following the Scheduled 
Averaging Date that is not a Disrupted Day in respect of such Affected 
Basket Component and (II) the Averaging Cut-Off Date for such 
Affected Basket Component.  Any day (including, for the avoidance 
of doubt, the Averaging Cut-Off Date) determined to be an Averaging 
Date as a result of the operation of this Condition 15.1(c)(ii)(A)(2)(b) 
shall be an Averaging Date, irrespective of whether it falls on a day 
that already is or is deemed to be an Averaging Date; or  
(3) 
if, in relation to "Averaging Date Disruption", the consequence specified in 
the relevant Issue Terms is "Modified Postponement": 
(a) 
the Averaging Date for each Basket Component in respect of which 
the Scheduled Averaging Date is not a Disrupted Day shall be the 
Scheduled Averaging Date; and  
(b) 
the Averaging Date for each Basket Component in respect of which 
the Scheduled Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day (each such Basket 
Component, an "Affected Basket Component") shall be the earlier 
of (I) the first Valid Date following the Scheduled Averaging Date in 
respect of such Affected Basket Component and (II) the Averaging 
Cut-Off Date for such Affected Basket Component, irrespective of 
whether it falls on a day that already is or is deemed to be an 
Averaging Date; 
(B) 
where "Common Scheduled Trading Days and Common Disrupted Days" is specified to be 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms: 
(1) 
if, in relation to "Averaging Date Disruption", the consequence specified in 
the relevant Issue Terms is "Omission", such date will be deemed not to be a 
relevant Averaging Date in respect of any Basket Component for the 
purposes of determining the level, price, value or amount provided that, if 
through the operation of this provision there would be no Averaging Date in 
respect of such Reference Date, then the sole Averaging Date for each Basket 
Component shall be the earlier of (A) the first Common Scheduled Trading

--- Page 263 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
Part 1: General Terms and Conditions 
 
 
263 
 
Day following the Scheduled Averaging Date that is not a Disrupted Day for 
any Basket Component and (B) the Averaging Cut-Off Date 
(notwithstanding the fact that such Averaging Cut-Off Date may not be a 
Common Scheduled Trading Day); 
(2) 
if, in relation to "Averaging Date Disruption", the consequence specified in 
the relevant Issue Terms is "Postponement", then the Averaging Date shall 
be the earlier of (A) the first Common Scheduled Trading Day following the 
Scheduled Averaging Date that is not a Disrupted Day in respect of any 
Basket Component and (B) the Averaging Cut-Off Date (notwithstanding the 
fact that such Averaging Cut-Off Date may not be a Common Scheduled 
Trading Day).  Any day (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the Averaging 
Cut-Off Date) determined to be an Averaging Date as a result of the operation 
of this Condition 15.1(c)(ii)(B)(2) shall be an Averaging Date, irrespective 
of whether it falls on a day that already is or is deemed to be an Averaging 
Date; or 
(3) 
if, in relation to "Averaging Date Disruption", the consequence specified in 
the relevant Issue Terms is "Modified Postponement", then the Averaging 
Date for each Basket Component shall be the earlier of (I) the first Common 
Valid Date following the Scheduled Averaging Date and (II) the Averaging 
Cut-Off Date (notwithstanding the fact that such Averaging Cut-Off Date 
may not be a Common Scheduled Trading Day), irrespective of whether it 
falls on a day that already is or is deemed to be an Averaging Date; 
(C) 
where "Common Scheduled Trading Days and Individual Disrupted Days" is specified to 
be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms: 
(1) 
if, in relation to "Averaging Date Disruption", the consequence specified in 
the relevant Issue Terms is "Omission": 
(a) 
the Averaging Date for each Basket Component in respect of which 
the Scheduled Averaging Date is not a Disrupted Day shall be the 
Scheduled Averaging Date; and  
(b) 
such date shall not be an Averaging Date in respect of such Reference 
Date for any Basket Component in respect of which the Scheduled 
Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day (each such Basket Component, an 
"Affected Basket Component"), provided that if through the 
operation of this provision there would not be any Averaging Date in 
respect of such Reference Date for the Affected Basket Component, 
then the sole Averaging Date for such Affected Basket Component 
shall be the earlier of (I) the first Scheduled Trading Day following 
the final Scheduled Averaging Date that is not a Disrupted Day in 
respect of such Affected Basket Component and (II) the Averaging 
Cut-Off Date for such Affected Basket Component (notwithstanding 
the fact that such day may not be a Common Scheduled Trading Day);  
(2) 
if, in relation to "Averaging Date Disruption", the consequence specified in 
the relevant Issue Terms is "Postponement": 
(a) 
the Averaging Date for each Basket Component in respect of which 
the Scheduled Averaging Date is not a Disrupted Day shall be the 
Scheduled Averaging Date; and 
(b) 
the Averaging Date for each Basket Component in respect of which 
the Scheduled Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day (each such Basket 
Component, an "Affected Basket Component") shall be the earlier 
of (I) the first Scheduled Trading Day following the Scheduled 
Averaging Date that is not a Disrupted Day in respect of such Affected 
Basket Component and (II) the Averaging Cut-Off Date for such

--- Page 264 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
Part 1: General Terms and Conditions 
 
 
264 
 
Affected Basket Component (notwithstanding the fact that such day 
not be a Common Scheduled Trading Day).  Any day (including, for 
the avoidance of doubt, the Averaging Cut-Off Date) determined to 
be an Averaging Date as a result of the operation of this Condition 
15.1(c)(ii)(C)(2)(b) shall be an Averaging Date, irrespective of 
whether it falls on a day that already is or is deemed to be an 
Averaging Date; or 
(3) 
if, in relation to "Averaging Date Disruption", the consequence specified in 
the relevant Issue Terms is "Modified Postponement": 
(a) 
the Averaging Date for each Basket Component in respect of which 
the Scheduled Averaging Date is not a Disrupted Day shall be the 
Scheduled Averaging Date; and  
(b) 
the Averaging Date for each Basket Component in respect of which 
the Scheduled Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day (each such Basket 
Component, an "Affected Basket Component") shall be the earlier 
of (I) the first Valid Date (that is a Scheduled Trading Day) following 
the Scheduled Averaging Date in respect of such Affected Basket 
Component and (II) the Averaging Cut-Off Date for such Affected 
Basket Component, irrespective of whether it falls on a day that 
already is or is deemed to be an Averaging Date. 
(iii) 
If, in respect of any Single Futures Contract-Linked Security or Futures Contract Basket-
Linked Security (as the case may be), an Averaging Date falls on the relevant Averaging 
Cut-Off Date pursuant to Condition 15.1(c)(ii): 
(A) 
if such Averaging Cut-Off Date is not a Disrupted Day for such Single Futures Contract-
Linked Security or Futures Contract Basket-Linked Security (as the case may be), the 
Determination Agent shall determine the value of such Futures Contract as at the 
Determination Time on such Averaging Cut-Off Date; or 
(B) 
if such Averaging Cut-Off Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of Single Futures Contract-
Linked Security or Futures Contract Basket-Linked Security (as the case may be), the 
Determination Agent shall determine its estimate of the value for such Futures Contract as 
of the Determination Time on such Averaging Cut-Off Date, acting in good faith and a 
commercially reasonable manner.  
(iv) 
If any Averaging Dates in relation to a Reference Date occur after that  Reference Date as 
a result of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, then (i) the relevant Interest Payment Date, 
Maturity Date or (ii) the occurrence of a Futures Contract Adjustment Event or an 
Additional Disruption Event shall be determined by reference to the last such Averaging 
Date as though it were that Reference Date.  
(d) 
If in respect of a Futures Contract and a Reference Date, a Scheduled Reference Date or Scheduled 
Averaging Date is specified to be the "Expiry Date" in the relevant Issue Terms and due to the 
Scheduled Reference Date or Scheduled Averaging Date (as the case may be) being a Disrupted 
Day (or for any other reason), the final settlement price has been announced and published on or 
prior to the Scheduled Reference Date or Scheduled Averaging Date (as the case may be), then the 
Reference Date or Averaging Date (as the case may be) for such Futures Contract shall fall on the 
Expiry Date and the provisions of Conditions 15.1(b) and (c) above shall not apply to such Futures 
Contract and Scheduled Reference Date or Scheduled Averaging Date (as the case may be).  
(e) 
If an event or circumstance that would otherwise constitute or give rise to a Disrupted Day also 
constitutes a Futures Contract Adjustment Event, the Determination Agent shall determine 
whether such event or circumstance shall be treated as a Disrupted Day or a Futures Contract 
Adjustment Event.

--- Page 265 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
Part 1: General Terms and Conditions 
 
 
265 
 
 
Administrator/Benchmark Event or Disappearance or Non-commencement of Futures 
Contract or Settlement Price 
If the relevant Issue Terms specifies that the Benchmark Trigger Provisions are applicable and, on 
or prior to any Reference Date, (i) an Administrator/Benchmark Event and an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event Date occurs or (ii) a Disappearance or Non-commencement of 
Futures Contract or Settlement Price occurs, in each case in respect of a relevant Futures Contract, 
then:  
(a) 
If the relevant Issue Terms specifies that the Benchmark Trigger Provisions are 
applicable and if an Alternative Pre-nominated Futures Contract has been specified in 
relation to such Futures Contract in the relevant Issue Terms, then: 
(i) the Determination Agent shall attempt to determine an Adjustment Payment; 
(ii) if the Determination Agent determines an Adjustment Payment,  
(A) 
it shall notify the Issuer of the Adjustment Payment and if the 
Adjustment Payment is an amount that the Securityholder would (but 
for Condition 15.2(a)(ii)(C)(2)) be required to pay to the Issuer in 
respect of each Security, request the Issuer to notify the Determination 
Agent whether it intends to redeem the Securities pursuant to Condition 
15.4(b) (Redemption). If the Issuer does not intend to redeem the 
Securities pursuant to Condition 15.4(b) (Redemption) then the 
following 
provisions 
of 
this 
Condition 
15.2(a) 
(Administrator/Benchmark Event or Disappearance 
or Non-
commencement of Futures Contract or Settlement Price) shall apply; 
(B) 
the terms of the Securities shall be amended so that references to the 
Futures Contract are replaced by references to the Alternative Pre-
nominated Futures Contract;  
(C) 
the Conditions shall be adjusted to implement the Adjustment Payment 
as follows: 
(1) 
if the Adjustment Payment is an amount that the Issuer is 
required to pay in respect of each Security, the Determination 
Agent shall adjust the Conditions to provide for the payment 
of the Adjustment Payment on the immediately succeeding 
Interest Payment Date or if there is no such immediately 
succeeding Interest Payment Date, on the Maturity Date or 
other date when the Securities are redeemed in  full; or 
(2) 
if the Adjustment Payment is an amount that the 
Securityholder 
would 
(but 
for 
this 
Condition 
15.2(a)(ii)(C)(2)) be required to pay to the Issuer in respect of 
each Security, the Determination Agent shall adjust the 
Conditions to provide for the reduction of the amounts due by 
the Issuer until the aggregate amount of such reductions is 
equal to the Adjustment Payment, (subject, in the 
determination of the Determination Agent, to any minimum 
redemption amount of the Securities which the Determination 
Agent determines is required pursuant to any applicable law 
or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law) and 
the rules of each listing authority, stock exchange and/or 
quotation system by which the Securities have then been 
admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation); 
(D) 
the Determination Agent shall, acting in good faith and a commercially 
reasonable manner, make such other adjustments to the Conditions as

--- Page 266 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
Part 1: General Terms and Conditions 
 
 
266 
 
it determines necessary or appropriate in order to account for the effect 
of the replacement of the Futures Contract with the Alternative Pre-
nominated Futures Contract and/or to preserve as nearly as practicable 
the economic equivalence of the Securities before and after the 
replacement of the Futures Contract with the Alternative Pre-
nominated Futures Contract; and 
(E) 
the Determination Agent shall notify the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and 
the Securityholders of any the replacement of the Futures Contract by 
the Alternative Pre-nominated Futures Contract, the Adjustment 
Payment and any other adjustments to the Conditions, giving summary 
details of the adjustment(s), provided that any failure to give such 
notice shall not affect the validity of the foregoing.  
(iii) 
If the Determination Agent is unable to determine an Adjustment Payment then 
Condition 15.4(b) (Redemption) shall apply. 
(b) 
If the relevant Issue Terms does not specify that the Benchmark Trigger Provisions are 
applicable or, if the Pricing Supplement specifies that the Benchmark Trigger Provisions 
are applicable but does not specify an Alternative Pre-nominated Futures Contract in 
relation to the relevant Futures Contract, then Condition 15.4(b) (Redemption) shall 
apply. 
(c) 
If it (i) is or would be unlawful at any time under any applicable law or regulation or (ii) 
would contravene any applicable licensing requirements, in each case for the Issuer, the 
Determination Agent or the Calculation Agent to perform the actions prescribed in this 
Condition 15.2 (Administrator/Benchmark Event or Disappearance or Non-
commencement of Futures Contract or Settlement Price) (or it would be unlawful or 
would contravene those licensing requirements were a determination to be made at such 
time), then Condition 15.4(b) (Redemption) shall apply. 
 
Futures Contract Adjustment Events 
If so specified in the Issue Terms relating to any Series of Futures Contract-Linked Securities, the 
following shall constitute "Futures Contract Adjustment Events" for the purposes of such 
Series: 
(a) 
"Price Source Disruption", which means (i) the failure of the Futures Contract Sponsor 
to announce or publish the Settlement Price (or the information necessary for determining 
the Settlement Price) or (ii) the failure by the relevant Exchange to publish the Settlement 
Price. 
(b) 
"Trading Restriction", which means the material suspension of, or the material 
limitation imposed on, trading in (i) the Futures Contract on the Exchange or (ii) any 
relevant Futures Contract Underlier(s). 
(c) 
"Disappearance or Non-commencement of Futures Contract or Settlement Price", 
which means (i) the permanent discontinuation of the Futures Contract or of trading in 
the relevant Futures Contract on the relevant Exchange or (ii) the disappearance or 
permanent discontinuance or unavailability of a Settlement Price or (iii) trading in the 
relevant Futures Contract never commenced and, in any such case, no Successor Futures 
Contract exists provided that the scheduled expiry of a Futures Contract in accordance 
with the relevant contract specifications shall not constitute the Disappearance or Non-
commencement of Futures Contract or Settlement Price. 
(d) 
"Material Change in Formula", which means the occurrence since the Trade Date of a 
material change or modification in the formula for or method of calculating the settlement 
price or other price of the relevant Futures Contract.

--- Page 267 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
Part 1: General Terms and Conditions 
 
 
267 
 
(e) 
"Material Change in Content", which means the occurrence since the Trade Date of a 
material change or modification in the content, composition or constitution of the relevant 
Futures Contract. 
(f) 
"Tax Disruption", which means the imposition of, change in or removal of an excise, 
severance, sales, use, value added, transfer, stamp, documentary, recording or similar tax 
on, or measured by reference to, the relevant Futures Contract (other than a tax on, or 
measured by reference to, overall gross or net income) by any government or taxation 
authority after the Trade Date, if the direct effect of such imposition, change or removal 
is to raise or lower the level, price, value or amount on the day that would otherwise be a 
Reference Date from what it would have been without that imposition, change or 
removal. 
(g) 
"Change of Exchange", which means that the Futures Contract is no longer negotiated 
on the Exchange and/or under a market-standard format as of the Trade Date but is 
negotiated on an exchange and/or under a format that is not acceptable to the 
Determination Agent. 
(h) 
"Illiquidity Event", which means that in the determination of the Determination Agent, 
the liquidity of the Futures Contract has decreased significantly since the Trade Date, 
such decrease of liquidity being likely to have a material impact on any hedging 
arrangements of the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates in connection with the Securities. 
 
 
 
Adjustments for Futures Contract Adjustment Events 
(a) 
Adjustment: 
If a Futures Contract Adjustment Event which is a Price Source Disruption, a Trading 
Disruption, a Material Change in Formula, a Material Change in Content, a Tax 
Disruption, a Change of Exchange or an Illiquidity Event occurs, the Determination 
Agent shall determine if such Futures Contract Adjustment Event has a material effect 
on the Securities and, if so, subject to Condition 15.4(b) (Redemption), shall, acting in 
good faith and a commercially reasonable manner: 
(i) 
make such adjustments to the Conditions and/or the relevant Issue Terms as the 
Determination Agent determines necessary or appropriate to account for the 
effect of such Futures Contract Adjustment Event and determine the effective 
date of each such adjustment; and/or 
(ii) 
substitute such Futures Contract with a new Futures Contract selected by the 
Determination Agent (which shall be a replacement futures contract using, in 
the determination of the Determination Agent, the same or a substantially 
similar formula and method of calculation as used in the calculation of the 
Futures Contract or a replacement futures contract selected by the Determination 
Agent in accordance with any other criteria specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms) and make such adjustments (if any) to the Conditions and/or the relevant 
Issue Terms as it deems necessary or appropriate in relation to such substitution. 
Such new futures contract shall be deemed to be a Futures Contract in place of 
the Futures Contract the subject of the Futures Contract Adjustment Event. 
The Fiscal Agent shall provide notice to the Securityholders of any such adjustment in 
accordance with Condition 28.6 (Notices), giving summary details of the adjustment, 
provided that any failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of any such 
adjustment.

--- Page 268 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
Part 1: General Terms and Conditions 
 
 
268 
 
If the Determination Agent determines that no calculation, adjustment and/or substitution 
can reasonably be made pursuant to the above, Condition 15.4(b) (Redemption) shall 
apply. 
(b) 
Redemption: 
If either: 
(i) 
a Futures Contract Adjustment Event which is a Disappearance of or Non-
commencement Futures Contract or Settlement Price occurs or an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event and an Administrator/Benchmark Event Date 
occurs and: 
(A) 
the Issue Terms do not specify that the Benchmark Trigger Provisions 
are applicable; 
(B) 
the Issue Terms specify that the Benchmark Trigger Provisions are 
applicable but does not specify an Alternative Pre-nominated Futures 
Contract; 
(C) 
the Issue Terms specify that the Benchmark Trigger Provisions are 
applicable and specifies an Alternative Pre-nominated Futures 
Contract but the Determination Agent is unable to determine the 
Adjustment Payment; 
(D) 
the Issue Terms specify that the Benchmark Trigger Provisions are 
applicable and specifies an Alternative Pre-nominated Futures 
Contract and the Determination Agent determines that the Adjustment 
Payment would be an amount that the Securityholder would (but for 
Condition 15.2(a)(ii)(C)(2)) be required to pay to the Issuer in respect 
of each Security; or 
(E) 
it (a) would be unlawful at any time under any applicable law or 
regulation or (b) would contravene any applicable licensing 
requirements, in each case for the Determination Agent to calculate the 
level, price, value or amount in accordance with Condition 15.4(a) 
(Adjustment); or 
(ii) 
any Futures Contract Adjustment Event (other than a Disappearance or Non-
commencement of Futures Contract or Settlement Price) occurs and the 
Determination Agent determines that no calculation, adjustment and/or 
substitution can reasonably be made pursuant to Condition 15.4(a) (Adjustment),   
then the Issuer may, at any time thereafter and in its reasonable discretion, determine that 
the Securities shall be redeemed as of any later date.  If the Issuer so determines that the 
Securities shall be redeemed, then the Issuer shall give not less than five Business Days' 
notice to the Securityholders to redeem the Securities and upon redemption the Issuer 
will pay in respect of each Security an amount equal to either: 
(x) 
if "Early Redemption Amount (Futures Contract Adjustment Event – Fair 
Market Value Less Costs" is specified in the Issue Terms, the fair market value 
of such Security, on such day as is selected by the Determination Agent in its 
reasonable discretion (provided that such day is not more than 15 days before 
the date fixed for redemption of the Security),  less the proportion attributable 
to that Security of the reasonable cost to the Issuer and/or any Affiliate of, or the 
loss realised by the Issuer and/or any Affiliate on, unwinding any related 
hedging arrangements, all as calculated by the Determination Agent in its 
reasonable discretion; or

--- Page 269 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
Part 1: General Terms and Conditions 
 
 
269 
 
(y) 
if "Early Redemption Amount (Futures Contract Adjustment Event – Fair 
Market Value)" is specified in the Issue Terms, the fair market value of such 
Security, on such day as is selected by the Determination Agent in its reasonable 
discretion (provided that such day is not more than 15 days before the date fixed 
for redemption of the Security) as calculated by the Determination Agent in its 
reasonable discretion. 
The Issuer's obligations under the Securities shall be satisfied in full upon payment of 
such amount.   
If the Issuer determines that the relevant Securities shall continue, the Determination 
Agent may make such adjustment as the Determination Agent considers appropriate, if 
any, to any variable relevant to the redemption, settlement or payment terms of the 
relevant Securities and/or any other adjustment, which change or adjustment shall be 
effective on such date as the Determination Agent shall determine. The Fiscal Agent shall 
provide notice to the Securityholders of any such change or adjustment, giving summary 
details of the relevant change or adjustment in accordance with Condition 28.6 (Notices) 
provided that any failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of any such 
change or adjustment.  
 
Correction of Futures Contract Prices: 
If any settlement price announced by the Futures Contract Sponsor or published by the Exchange 
and which is utilised by the Determination Agent for any calculation or determination (the 
"Original Determination") under the Securities is subsequently corrected and the correction (the 
"Corrected Value") is published by the Futures Contract Sponsor by such time (the "Correction 
Cut Off Time") as may be specified in the relevant Issue Terms (or, if none is so specified, at least 
3 Business Days prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date, Maturity Date or any early redemption 
date of the Futures Contract-Linked Securities), then the Determination Agent will notify the 
Issuer and the Fiscal Agent of the Corrected Value as soon as reasonably practicable and shall 
determine the relevant value (the "Replacement Determination") using the Corrected Value.  If 
the result of the Replacement Determination is different from the result of the Original 
Determination, to the extent that it determines to be necessary and practicable, the Determination 
Agent may adjust any relevant terms accordingly.  
In the event there is any discrepancy between any settlement price published or announced by the 
Futures Contract Sponsor and the Exchange any which is used by the Determination Agent for any 
calculation or determination under the Securities and that is not otherwise corrected pursuant to 
this Condition 15.5, the settlement price selected by the Determination Agent acting in good faith 
and a commercially reasonable manner shall prevail for the relevant day. 
 
Additional Disruption Events: 
(a) 
Following the occurrence of an Additional Disruption Event, the Issuer will, in its 
reasonable discretion, determine whether or not the relevant Securities shall continue or 
shall be redeemed early. 
(b) 
If the Issuer determines that the relevant Securities shall continue, the Determination 
Agent may make such adjustment as the Determination Agent, in its reasonable 
discretion, considers appropriate, if any, to the formula for the Final Redemption 
Amount, any Interest Amount and/or the level, price, value or amount set out in the 
relevant Issue Terms, the number of Futures Contracts to which each Security relates, the 
number of Futures Contracts comprised in a Basket of Futures Contracts, the amount, the 
number of or type of shares, futures contracts or other securities which may be delivered 
under such Securities and, in any case, any other variable relevant to the redemption, 
settlement, or payment terms of the relevant Securities and/or any other adjustment 
(including without limitation, in relation to Futures Contract Basket-Linked Securities, 
the cancellation of terms applicable in respect of any Futures Contracts affected by the 
relevant Additional Disruption Event), to account for the economic effect on the 
Securities of such Additional Disruption Event, which change or adjustment shall be 
effective on such date as the Determination Agent shall determine.

--- Page 270 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
Part 1: General Terms and Conditions 
 
 
270 
 
(c) 
If the Issuer determines that the relevant Securities shall be redeemed early, then the 
Issuer shall give not less than five Business Days' notice to redeem the Securities and the 
Issuer's obligations under the Securities shall be satisfied in full upon payment in respect 
of each Security of an amount equal to either: 
(i) 
if "Early Redemption Amount (Additional Disruption Event – Fair Market 
Value Less Costs" is specified in the Issue Terms, the fair market value of such 
Security, on such day as is selected by the Determination Agent in its reasonable 
discretion (provided that such day is not more than 15 days before the date fixed 
for redemption of the Security),  less the proportion attributable to that Security 
of the reasonable cost to the Issuer and/or any Affiliate of, or the loss realised 
by the Issuer and/or any Affiliate on, unwinding any related hedging 
arrangements, all as calculated by the Determination Agent in its reasonable 
discretion; or 
(ii) 
if "Early Redemption Amount (Additional Disruption Event – Fair Market 
Value" is specified in the Issue Terms, the fair market value of such Security, 
on such day as is selected by the Determination Agent in its reasonable 
discretion (provided that such day is not more than 15 days before the date fixed 
for redemption of the Security),  as calculated by the Determination Agent in its 
reasonable discretion.  
(d) 
The Issuer shall as soon as reasonably practicable under the circumstances notify the 
Fiscal Agent and the Determination Agent of the occurrence of an Additional Disruption 
Event. 
(e) 
For the purposes hereof: 
"Additional Disruption Event" means with respect to any Series of Futures Contract-
Linked Securities any or all of a Change in Law, a Hedging Disruption and an Increased 
Cost of Hedging, as have been specified in the relevant Issue Terms as an applicable 
Additional Disruption Event with respect to such Securities. 
 
Definitions applicable to Futures Contract-Linked Securities: 
In relation to Futures Contract-Linked Securities, the following expressions have the meanings set 
out below: 
"Adjustment Payment" means, in respect of any Security, the payment (if any) determined by 
the Determination Agent as is required in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably 
practicable, any transfer of economic value to or from the Issuer as a result of the replacement of 
a Futures Contract by the Alternative Pre-nominated Futures Contract. The Determination Agent 
may determine that the Adjustment Payment is zero; 
"Alternative Pre-nominated Futures Contract" means, in respect of a Futures Contract, the first 
of the indices, benchmarks or other price sources specified in the relevant Issue Terms as an 
"Alternative Pre-nominated Futures Contract" that is not subject to an Administrator/Benchmark 
Event; 
"Averaging Cut-Off Date" means, in the case where Securities relate to a Futures Contract or 
Basket of Futures Contracts and in respect of a Scheduled Averaging Date for the purposes of 
Condition 15.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging Dates) the date falling the 
Specified Number of Scheduled Trading Days or the Specified Number of Common Scheduled 
Trading Days (as the case may be) following the Scheduled Averaging Date, or if no such number 
is specified:   
(a) 
if "Common Scheduled Trading Days and Common Disrupted Days" in respect of a 
Basket of Futures Contracts is specified to be applicable in the Pricing Supplement, the 
eighth Common Scheduled Trading Day following such Scheduled Averaging Date; or

--- Page 271 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
Part 1: General Terms and Conditions 
 
 
271 
 
(b) 
in any other case, the eighth Scheduled Trading Day following such Scheduled Averaging 
Date;  
"Averaging Date" means, in respect of each Reference Date, either: 
(a) 
in the case of (i) a Single Futures Contract-Linked Security or (ii) a Futures Contract 
Basket-Linked Security where the relevant Issue Terms provides that "Individual 
Scheduled Trading Days and Individual Disrupted Days" shall be applicable, each date 
specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms, or, if such date is not a Scheduled Trading 
Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day for such (or the relevant) Futures 
Contract or Basket Component (as the case may be); or  
(b) 
in the case of a Futures Contract Basket-Linked Security, where the relevant Issue Terms 
provides that either "Common Scheduled Trading Days and Common Disrupted Days" 
or "Common Scheduled Trading Days and Individual Disrupted Days" shall be 
applicable, each date specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms, or if any such date is 
not a Common Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Common Scheduled Trading 
Day for such Basket of Futures Contracts, 
provided that if any such day is a Disrupted Day, the Averaging Date shall be determined in 
accordance with the provisions of Condition 15.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates and 
Averaging Dates); 
"Basket" means in relation to any Futures Contract Basket-Linked Securities, the Futures 
Contracts specified in the relevant Issue Terms as comprising the Basket, in each case in the 
relative proportions specified in such Pricing Supplement; 
"Basket Component" means, in relation to a particular Series of Futures Contract Basket-Linked 
Securities, each Futures Contract comprised in the relevant Basket of Futures Contracts; 
"Basket of Futures Contracts" means, in relation to a particular Series, a basket comprising the 
Futures Contracts specified in the relevant Issue Terms in the relative proportions specified in such 
Pricing Supplement; 
"Change in Law" means that, on or after the Trade Date (A) due to the adoption of or any change 
in any applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law), or (B) due to the 
promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority 
with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a 
taxing authority), the Issuer determines that (x) it has become illegal to hold, acquire or dispose of 
any relevant Futures Contracts, or (y) it will incur a materially increased cost in performing its 
obligations with respect to the Securities (including, without limitation, due to any increase in tax 
liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect on its tax position); 
"Common Scheduled Trading Day" means, in respect of a Futures Contract Basket-Linked 
Security, each day which is a Scheduled Trading Day for all the Basket Components; 
"Common Valid Date" means, in respect of a Futures Contract Basket-Linked Security, a 
Common Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day for any Basket Component and on 
which another Averaging Date does not or is deemed not to occur; 
"Determination Date" means, in relation to any determination, each date specified as such in the 
relevant Issue Terms, provided that if any such date is (i) not a Scheduled Trading Day and/or (ii) 
a Disrupted Day, the relevant Determination Date shall be determined in accordance with the 
provisions of Condition 15.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging Dates); 
"Determination Time" means, in respect of a Futures Contract, the time at which the Settlement 
Price is announced or published (or, in the case of a Disrupted Day, scheduled to be announced or 
published in accordance with the terms of such Futures Contract); 
"Disrupted Day" means any Scheduled Trading Day on which a Market Disruption Event has 
occurred or is continuing;

--- Page 272 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
Part 1: General Terms and Conditions 
 
 
272 
 
"Exchange" means, in respect of a Futures Contract relating to Single Futures Contract-Linked 
Securities or Futures Contract Basket-Linked Securities, each exchange or quotation system 
specified as such for such Futures Contract in the relevant Issue Terms or, if none is specified, the 
principal exchange or quotation system for trading in such Futures Contract, as determined by the 
Determination Agent, and (without prejudice to a Futures Contract Adjustment Event that is a 
Change of Exchange) any successor to such exchange or quotation system or any substitute 
exchange or quotation system to which trading in the Futures Contract has temporarily relocated, 
provided that the Determination Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity relative 
to such Futures Contract on such temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as on the 
original Exchange; 
"Exchange Disruption" means the Exchange fails to open for trading during any regular trading 
session that the Determination Agent considers material to the determination of the applicable 
Settlement Price for the relevant Futures Contract or any other event occurs that disrupts or impairs 
(as determined by the Determination Agent) the ability of market participants in general (i) to 
effect transactions in, comply with clearing obligations or obtain market values for, the Futures 
Contract on the Exchange, or (ii) to effect transactions in, comply with clearing obligations or 
obtain market values for, the Futures Contract Underlier(s), and in each case the Determination 
Agent determines that such event is material in relation to the Securities; 
"Expiry Date" means, in respect of a Futures Contract and each day that is a Reference Date or 
an Averaging Date, the expiry date of such Futures Contract on which the Futures Contract 
Sponsor announces, and the Exchange publishes, the "final settlement price" of such Futures 
Contract; 
"Failure to Announce or Publish" means (a) the failure by the relevant Futures Contract Sponsor 
to announce or publish the Settlement Price; or (b) the failure by the relevant Exchange to publish 
the Settlement Price provided that, if either of (a) or (b) occurs and the Determination Agent 
determines that the failure of the other announcement or publication to occur is not material for 
the purposes of the Securities, then such circumstances shall not constitute a Failure to Announce 
or Publish; 
"Futures Contract" means any futures contract specified in the relevant Issue Terms as a Futures 
Contract; 
"Futures Contract Sponsor" means, in respect of a Futures Contract, the corporation or other 
entity which (a) is responsible for setting and reviewing the contract specifications, rules and 
procedures and methods of calculations and adjustments, if any, related to such Futures Contract; 
and (b) announces (directly or through an agent) the settlement price of such Futures Contract on 
a regular basis; 
"Futures Contract Underlier(s)" means, in respect of a Futures Contract, the or each index, rate, 
asset or reference item underlying such Futures Contract as specified in the relevant Issue Terms;  
"Hedging Disruption" means that the Issuer is unable, after using commercially reasonable 
efforts, to (A) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any 
transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the risk of entering into and performing its 
obligations under the Securities, or (B) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such 
transactions or asset(s); 
"Increased Cost of Hedging" means that the Issuer would incur a materially increased (as 
compared with circumstances existing on the Trade Date) amount of tax, duty, expense or fee 
(other than brokerage commissions) to (A) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, 
unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the risk of entering 
into and performing its obligations with respect to the Securities or (B) realise, recover or remit 
the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s) provided that any such materially increased 
amount that is incurred solely due to the deterioration of the creditworthiness of the Issuer shall 
not be deemed an Increased Cost of Hedging; 
"Market Disruption Event" means in respect of a Futures Contract, the occurrence or existence 
of (i) a Failure to Announce or Publish, (ii) a Trading Disruption, or (iii) an Exchange Disruption;

--- Page 273 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
Part 1: General Terms and Conditions 
 
 
273 
 
"Observation Date" means each date specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms, provided that 
if any such date is (i) not a Scheduled Trading Day and/or (ii) a Disrupted Day, the relevant 
Observation Date shall be determined in accordance with the provisions of Condition 15.1 (Market 
Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging Dates); 
"Reference Cut-Off Date" means, in the case where Securities relate to a Futures Contract or a 
Basket of Futures Contracts and in respect of a Scheduled Reference Date for the purposes of 
Condition 15.1(b) (Market Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging Dates), the date falling the 
Specified Number of Scheduled Trading Days or the Specified Number of Common Scheduled 
Trading Days (as the case may be) following the Scheduled Reference Date, or if no such number 
is specified: 
(a) 
if "Common Scheduled Trading Days and Common Disrupted Days" in respect of a 
Basket of Futures Contracts is specified to be applicable in the Issue Terms, the eighth 
Common Scheduled Trading Day following such Scheduled Reference Date; or 
(b) 
in any other case, the eighth Scheduled Trading Day, or, in respect of a Basket of Futures 
Contract, the eighth Scheduled Trading Day for the Affected Basket Component, 
following such Scheduled Reference Date; 
"Reference Date" means, for the purposes of Condition 15.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates 
and Averaging Dates), each Valuation Date, Observation Date, Strike Date or Determination Date 
(as applicable) specified in the relevant Issue Terms, or otherwise, any date construed to be a 
Reference Date in accordance with the Conditions; 
"Relevant Futures Contract Benchmark" means the Futures Contract or the Futures Underlier;  
"Scheduled Averaging Date" means an original date (following any adjustment (if applicable) 
pursuant to paragraph (a) or (b) of the definition of "Averaging Date") that, but for such day being 
a Disrupted Day, would have been a Reference Date; 
"Scheduled Closing Time" means in respect of an Exchange and a Scheduled Trading Day, the 
scheduled weekday closing time of such Exchange on such Scheduled Trading Day, without regard 
to after hours or any other trading outside of regular trading session hours; 
"Scheduled Reference Date" means, for the purposes of Condition 15.1 (Market Disruption, 
Reference Dates and Averaging Dates), any original date that, but for the occurrence of an event 
causing a Disrupted Day, would have been a Reference Date; 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means any day on which each Exchange is scheduled to be open for 
trading for their respective regular trading sessions notwithstanding that any such Exchange may 
close prior to its Scheduled Closing Time; 
"Settlement Price" means, in respect of a Futures Contract and any day, the official "daily 
settlement price" or "final settlement price" on such day (in each case, however defined in the 
contract specifications of such Futures Contract or the relevant Exchange); 
"Specified Number of Scheduled Trading Days" means the number specified as such in the 
relevant Issue Terms; 
"Specified Number of Common Scheduled Trading Days" means the number specified as such 
in the relevant Issue Terms; 
"Strike Date" means each date specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms, provided that if any 
such date is (i) not a Scheduled Trading Day and/or (ii) a Disrupted Day, the relevant Strike Date 
shall be determined in accordance with the provisions of Condition 15.1 (Market Disruption, 
Reference Dates and Averaging Dates);  
"Successor Futures Contract" means, in respect of a Futures Contract, a successor futures 
contract using, in the determination of the Determination Agent, the same or a substantially similar 
formula for or method of calculation as used in the calculation of such Futures Contract;

--- Page 274 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
Part 1: General Terms and Conditions 
 
 
274 
 
"Trading Disruption" means any suspension of or limitation imposed on trading by the Exchange 
or otherwise and whether by reason of movements in price exceeding limits permitted by the 
Exchange or otherwise relating to the Futures Contract on the Exchange, which the Determination 
Agent determines to be material in relation to the Securities; 
"Valid Date" means a Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day and on which another 
Averaging Date in respect of the Reference Date does not, or is not deemed to, occur; and 
"Valuation Date" means each date specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms, provided that if 
any such date is (i) not a Scheduled Trading Day and/or (ii) a Disrupted Day, the relevant Valuation 
Date shall be determined in accordance with the provisions of Condition 15.1 (Market Disruption, 
Reference Dates and Averaging Dates). 
16. 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
 
Scheduled Redemption.  Unless previously redeemed or cancelled, and unless otherwise 
specified in the Conditions, (i) Cash Settlement Securities will be redeemed at their Final 
Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date, subject as provided in Condition 17 (Payments – 
Registered Securities) or Condition 18 (Payments – Uncertificated Securities) and (ii) Physical 
Settlement Securities shall be redeemed by delivery of the Physical Delivery Amount on the 
Physical Settlement Date, subject as provided in Condition 19 (Physical Settlement), in each case 
in accordance with the Conditions (including such provisions of the Additional Terms and 
Conditions as are specified as being applicable in the applicable Issue Terms). 
 
Tax Redemption – Morgan Stanley and MSFL Securities.  Securities issued by Morgan Stanley 
or MSFL may be redeemed in whole (but not in part), at the option of the relevant Issuer at any 
time prior to maturity, upon the giving of a notice of redemption as described below in Condition 
28 (Notices) not less than 10 Business Days prior to the date on which the Securities are to be 
redeemed, if the relevant Issuer determines, in its reasonable discretion, that, as a result of: 
(a) 
any change in or amendment to the laws, or any regulations or rulings promulgated under the laws, 
of the United States or of any political subdivision or taxing authority of or in the United States 
affecting taxation; or 
(b) 
any change in official position regarding the application or interpretation of the laws, regulations 
or rulings referred to above; 
which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the date of the applicable Issue Terms 
in connection with the issuance of the Securities, it or the Guarantor (if applicable) is or will 
become obligated to pay Additional Amounts with respect to the Securities as described in 
Condition 20 (Taxation).  The Securities will be redeemed at (i) the Early Redemption Amount 
(Tax) (except when the Securities are Preference Share-Linked Securities, which will be redeemed 
at the Early Preference Share Redemption Security Amount as specified in Condition 14.2 (Early 
Redemption for Taxation Reasons)) or (ii) if a formula is specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
for the calculation of such early redemption amount, an amount calculated in accordance with such 
formula. 
 
Tax Redemption – MSI plc and MSBV Securities.  MSI plc Securities and MSBV Securities 
may be redeemed in whole (but not in part), at the option of the relevant Issuer at any time prior 
to maturity, upon the giving of a notice of redemption as described below not less than 10 Business 
Days prior to the date on which the Securities are to be redeemed, if the Issuer determines, in its 
reasonable discretion, that it or the Guarantor is or will become required by law to make any 
withholding or deduction with respect to the Securities.  The Securities will be redeemed at (i) the 
Early Redemption Amount (Tax) (except when the Securities are Preference Share-Linked 
Securities, which will be redeemed at the Early Preference Share Redemption Security Amount as 
specified in Condition 14.2 (Early Redemption for Taxation Reasons)); or (ii) if a formula is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms for the calculation of such early redemption amount, an

--- Page 275 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
Part 1: General Terms and Conditions 
 
 
275 
 
amount calculated in accordance with such formula.  The Issuer will give notice of any tax 
redemption in accordance with Condition 28 (Notices). 
 
Prior to the relevant Issuer giving notice of redemption under Condition 16.2 (Tax Redemption — 
Morgan Stanley and MSFL Securities) or 16.3 (Tax Redemption — MSI plc and MSBV Securities), 
it will deliver to the Fiscal Agent: 
(a) 
a certificate stating that it is entitled to effect the redemption and setting forth a statement of facts 
showing that the conditions precedent to its right to so redeem have occurred (the date on which 
that certificate is delivered to the Fiscal Agent is the "Redemption Determination Date"); and 
(b) 
an opinion of independent legal counsel of recognised standing to that effect based on the statement 
of facts. 
Notice of redemption will be given not less than 10 Business Days prior to the date fixed for 
redemption.  The date and the applicable redemption price will be specified in the notice. 
 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer.  If the Call Option is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms as being applicable, at any time after a Call Option Date: (i) in the case of Notes, the 
Securities may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole or, if so specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, in part and (ii) in the case of Certificates, all, or a number, if so specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, of the Securities may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer, on any 
Optional Redemption Date (Call) at the relevant Optional Redemption Amount (Call) on the 
Issuer's giving not less than the number of days' notice equal to the Minimum Notice Number of 
Day(s) nor more than the number of days' notice equal to the Maximum Notice Number of Day(s) 
to the Securityholders (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall oblige the Issuer to redeem the 
Securities specified in such notice on the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Call) at the Optional 
Redemption Amount (Call) plus accrued interest (if any) to such date) and, in the case of 
Uncertificated Securities, not less than 45 days' notice to the Euroclear Registrar. 
 
Partial Redemption 
(a) 
if the Securities are to be redeemed in part only on any date in accordance with Condition 16.5 
(Redemption at the Option of the Issuer), the Securities to be redeemed shall be selected by the 
drawing of lots in such place as the Fiscal Agent approves and in such manner as the Fiscal Agent 
considers appropriate, acting in good faith and a commercially reasonable manner, subject to 
compliance with applicable law and the rules of each listing authority, stock exchange and/or 
quotation system by which the Securities have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or 
quotation, and the notice to Securityholders referred to in Condition 16.5 (Redemption at the 
Option of the Issuer) shall specify the serial numbers of the Securities so to be redeemed; 
(b) 
in respect of a partial redemption of Nordic Securities, the notice to Securityholders referred to in 
Condition 16.5 (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer) shall also specify the Nordic Securities 
or, in the case of Notes, amounts of the Nordic Securities to be redeemed and the Record Date in 
respect of the relevant Nordic Securities and the procedures for partial redemption laid down in 
the then applicable NCSD Rules will be observed; and 
(c) 
in respect of a partial redemption of Uncertificated Securities, the notice to Securityholders 
referred to in Condition 16.7 (Redemption at the Option of Securityholders) below shall also 
specify any procedures for partial redemption laid out in the then applicable Regulations. 
 
Redemption at the Option of Securityholders.  If the Put Option is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms as being applicable, the Issuer shall, at the option of the holder of any Security redeem 
such Security on the Optional Redemption Date (Put) specified in the relevant Put Option Notice 
at the relevant Optional Redemption Amount (Put), together with interest (if any) accrued to such 
date, provided that such Optional Redemption Date (Put) shall be, as specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, either (i) a date which is on or after the Put Option Exercise Date or (ii) a date which 
is in the Put Option Exercise Period. 
(a) 
In order to exercise the option contained in this Condition 16.7 (Redemption at the Option of 
Securityholders) the holder of a Security (other than an Uncertificated Security) must, not less than 
30 nor more than 60 days before the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), deposit such

--- Page 276 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
Part 1: General Terms and Conditions 
 
 
276 
 
Security (together with all unmatured Coupons relating thereto) with the Registrar, and a duly 
completed Put Option Notice in the form obtainable from any Paying Agent.  The Paying Agent 
with which a Security is so deposited shall deliver a duly completed Put Option Receipt to the 
depositing Securityholder.  In respect of Nordic Securities, the Put Notice shall not take effect 
against the Issuer before the date on which the relevant Nordic Securities have been transferred to 
the account designated by the Nordic Issuing Agent and blocked for further transfer by the relevant 
Nordic Issuing Agent.  No Security, once deposited with a duly completed Put Option Notice in 
accordance with this Condition 16.7 (Redemption at the Option of Securityholders), may be 
withdrawn; provided, however, that if, prior to the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), any 
such Security becomes immediately due and payable or, upon due presentation of any such 
Security Certificate on the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), payment of the redemption 
moneys is improperly withheld or refused, the relevant Paying Agent shall mail notification thereof 
to the depositing Securityholder at such address as may have been given by such Securityholder 
in the relevant Put Option Notice and shall hold such Security at its Specified Office for collection 
by the depositing Securityholder against surrender of the relevant Put Option Receipt.  For so long 
as any outstanding Security is held by a Paying Agent in accordance with this Condition 16.7 
(Redemption at the Option of Securityholders), the depositor of such Security and not such Paying 
Agent shall be deemed to be the holder of such Security for all purposes. 
(b) 
In order to exercise the option contained in this Condition 16.7 (Redemption at the Option of 
Securityholders) the holder of an Uncertificated Security must not less than 30 nor more than 60 
days before the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put) deposit with the Euroclear Registrar a 
duly completed Put Option Notice in the form obtainable from the Euroclear Registrar.  The 
Euroclear Registrar with which a Put Option Notice is so deposited shall deliver a duly completed 
Put Option Receipt to the depositing Securityholder.  Once deposited a duly completed Put Option 
Notice may not be withdrawn; provided, however, that if, prior to the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date (Put), the related Security becomes immediately due and payable or, upon the 
relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), payment of the redemption moneys is improperly 
withheld or refused, the Euroclear Registrar shall mail notification thereof to the depositing 
Securityholder at such address as may have been given by such Securityholder in the relevant Put 
Option Notice and the relevant depositing Securityholder and not the Euroclear Registrar shall be 
deemed to be the holder of such Security for all purposes in such case. 
 
Early Redemption of Zero Coupon Securities:   Notwithstanding anything contrary in the 
Conditions and/or the applicable Issue Terms, the Redemption Amount payable on redemption of 
a Zero Coupon Security at any time before the Maturity Date shall be an amount equal to the 
product of (a) the Calculation Amount of such Zero Coupon Security and (b) the percentage 
produced by the following formula:  
Reference Price × (1 + Accrual Yield)n 
where "n" means the number of years from (and including) the Issue Date (or such other date as 
may be specified in the applicable Issue Terms as the "Accrued Value Commencement Date") to 
(but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which the Zero 
Coupon Security becomes due and payable and the calculation shall be made on the basis of such 
Day Count Fraction as may be specified in the applicable Issue Terms or, if none is so specified, 
a Day Count Fraction of 30/360.  
 
Purchase:  Morgan Stanley, MSI plc, MSBV, MSFL or any of their respective Affiliates may at 
any time purchase Securities in the open market or otherwise and at any price. 
 
Cancellation:  All Securities so redeemed shall, and all Securities so purchased by Morgan 
Stanley, MSI plc, MSBV, MSFL or any of their respective Subsidiaries may, at the reasonable 
discretion of the relevant purchaser, be cancelled.  All Securities so redeemed, and all Securities 
so purchased and cancelled, may not be reissued or resold. 
 
Automatic Early Redemption Event 
Capitalised terms not defined herein shall have the meanings given to them in (i) such provisions 
of the Additional Terms and Conditions as are specified as being applicable in the applicable Issue

--- Page 277 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
Part 1: General Terms and Conditions 
 
 
277 
 
Terms, or, if no such provisions are applicable, (ii) Condition 16.7 (Redemption at the Option of 
Securityholders). 
If "Automatic Early Redemption Event" is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, then, 
subject to such provisions of the Additional Terms and Conditions as are specified as being 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, 
if on any Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date the Automatic Early Redemption Event 
occurs, then the Securities will be automatically redeemed in whole, but not in part, on the 
Automatic Early Redemption Date immediately following such Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date and the Early Redemption Amount payable by the Issuer on such date upon 
redemption of each Security shall be an amount in the Specified Currency specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms equal to the relevant Automatic Early Redemption Amount. 
 
Definitions 
In these General Conditions: 
"Automatic Early Redemption Amount" means (a) an amount in the Specified Currency 
determined in accordance with such provisions (if any) of the Additional Terms and Conditions as 
are specified as being applicable in the applicable Issue Terms or (b) if a formula is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms for the calculation of such early redemption amount, an amount 
calculated in accordance with such formula, or, if no such provisions are applicable (c) an amount 
in the Specified Currency (if any) specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms or if none of (a), 
(b) or (c) applies, (c) an amount equal to the product of (i) the Specified Denomination (in the case 
of Notes) or Specified Unit Value (in the case of Certificates) of each Security and (ii) the relevant 
Automatic Early Redemption Rate relating to that Automatic Early Redemption Date; 
"Automatic Early Redemption Date" means each Scheduled Automatic Early Redemption Date, 
provided that if the applicable Issue Terms specify "Automatic Early Redemption Specified 
Day(s)" to be applicable and the Relevant Determination Date is adjusted in accordance with the 
Conditions, the Automatic Early Redemption Date shall instead be the day falling the number of 
Automatic Early Redemption Specified Day(s) after the Relevant Determination Date, and no 
Securityholder shall be entitled to any interest or further payment in respect of such delay; 
"Automatic Early Redemption Event" means, unless otherwise defined in such provisions of the 
Additional Terms and Conditions as are specified as being applicable in the applicable Issue Terms 
(i) in case of a series of Equity-Linked Securities, Currency-Linked Securities, Fund-Linked 
Securities or Futures Contract-Linked Securities, that the Relevant Underlying Value is, and (ii) 
in the case of a Series of Fixed Rate Securities which are Barrier Securities (each as defined in 
Section 2 (Additional Terms and Conditions: Interest and Redemption Terms) of the Additional 
Terms and Conditions), Floating Rate Securities or Range Accrual Securities (as defined in Section 
2 (Additional Terms and Conditions: Interest and Redemption Terms) of the Additional Terms and 
Conditions), the Cumulative Interest Amount is, in each case as of the Determination Time on any 
Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, (A) "greater than", (B) "greater than or equal to", 
(C) "less than", (D) "less than or equal to" or (E) "equal to" the Automatic Early Redemption 
Level, as specified in the Issue Terms; 
"Automatic Early Redemption Level"  means, (i) in relation to a Series of Equity-Linked 
Securities, Currency-Linked Securities, Fund-Linked Securities or Futures Contract-Linked 
Securities, and unless otherwise defined in such provisions of the Additional Terms and Conditions 
as are specified as being applicable in the applicable Issue Terms the level of the Index, price of 
the ETF Interest or Share or Fund Interest, the Specified Rate,  the Settlement Price or the relevant 
CMS Reference Rate, as applicable, specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, subject to 
adjustment from time to time in accordance with the applicable provisions of these General 
Conditions, and (ii) in relation to a Series of Fixed Rate Securities which are Barrier Securities 
(each as defined in Section 2 (Additional Terms and Conditions: Interest and Redemption Terms) 
of the Additional Terms and Conditions), Floating Rate Securities or Range Accrual Securities (as 
defined in Section 2 (Additional Terms and Conditions: Interest and Redemption Terms) of the 
Additional Terms and Conditions), the value (which may be expressed as a value or percentage 
per Calculation Amount) specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms;

--- Page 278 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
Part 1: General Terms and Conditions 
 
 
278 
 
"Automatic Early Redemption Rate"  means, in respect of any Automatic Early Redemption 
Date, the rate specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms or, if no such rate is specified, 100 
per cent.; 
"Automatic Early Redemption Specified Day(s)" means such number of Business Day(s), 
Clearing System Business Day(s) or calendar days as specified in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date" means, (i) in relation to a Series of Fixed Rate 
Securities which are Barrier Securities (each as defined in Section 2 (Additional Terms and 
Conditions:Interest and Redemption Terms ) of the Additional Terms and Conditions), Floating 
Rate Securities or Range Accrual Securities (as defined in Section 2 (Additional Terms and 
Conditions: Interest and Redemption Terms) of the Additional Terms and Conditions), each date 
specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, and (ii) in relation to a Series of Equity-Linked 
Securities, Currency-Linked Securities, Fund-Linked Securities or Futures Contract-Linked 
Securities, each date specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, provided that (i) if such date 
is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the relevant Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date shall 
(A) in the case of Currency-Linked Securities, fall on the next succeeding Scheduled Trading Day; 
(B) in the case of Equity-Linked Securities, be the next succeeding Scheduled Trading Day or, if 
either "Common Scheduled Trading Days and Common Disrupted Days" or "Common Scheduled 
Trading Days and Individual Disrupted Days" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, the next succeeding Common Scheduled Trading Day; (C) in the case of Fund-Linked 
Securities, be the next succeeding Fund Business Day or, if either "Common Fund Business Days 
and Common Disrupted Days" or "Common Fund Business Days and Individual Disrupted Days" 
is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the next succeeding Common Fund 
Business Day; or (D) in the case of Futures Contract-Linked Securities, be the next succeeding 
Scheduled Trading Day or, if either "Common Scheduled Trading Days and Common Disrupted 
Days" or "Common Scheduled Trading Days and Individual Disrupted Days" is specified to be 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the next succeeding Common Scheduled Trading Day, and 
(ii) if, in the opinion of the Determination Agent, any such day is (x) in the case of Equity-Linked 
Securities, Fund-Linked Securities or Futures Contract-Linked Securities, a Disrupted Day, the 
provisions of Condition 9.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging Dates), 
Condition 13.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging Dates) or Condition 15.1 
(Market Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging Dates) (as the case may be) shall apply 
mutatis mutandis as if such Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date were a Reference Date; 
or (y) in the case of Currency-Linked Securities, a day on which a Currency Disruption Event 
occurs or is continuing, the provisions of Condition 11.4 (Currency Disruption Fallbacks) shall 
apply mutatis mutandis as if such Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date were a Valuation 
Date; 
"Cumulative Interest Amount" means, in relation to a Series of Fixed Rate Securities which are 
Barrier Securities (each as defined in Section 2  (Additional Terms and Conditions: Interest and 
Redemption Terms) of the Additional Terms and Conditions), Floating Rate Securities or Range 
Accrual Securities (as defined in Section 2 (Additional Terms and Conditions: Interest and 
Redemption Terms) of the Additional Terms and Conditions) and any Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Date, the sum, per Calculation Amount, as calculated by the Determination 
Agent, of (i) all Interest Amounts paid up to and including the Interest Payment Date preceding 
the relevant Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date plus (ii) the Interest Amount due to be 
paid on the Interest Payment Date, if any, falling on the immediately succeeding Automatic Early 
Redemption Date;  
"Maximum Notice Number of Day(s)" means the number of days specified in the Issue Terms; 
"Minimum Notice Number of Day(s)" means the number of days specified in the Issue Terms; 
and 
"Relevant Underlying Value" means the value of the Relevant Underlying as determined by the 
Determination Agent in accordance with such provisions of Section 4 (Value Determination 
Terms) of the Additional Terms and Conditions are specified as being applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms. 
17. 
PAYMENTS – REGISTERED SECURITIES 
For the purposes of this Condition 17 (Payments – Registered Securities), references to payment 
or repayment (as the case may be) of principal and/or interest and other similar expressions will,

--- Page 279 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
Part 1: General Terms and Conditions 
 
 
279 
 
where the context so admits, be deemed also to refer to transfer of any Physical Delivery 
Amount(s). 
 
Principal: Subject to Condition 17.3 (Payments of Principal and Interest in CNY), payments of 
principal shall be made by cheque drawn in the currency in which the payment is due drawn on, 
or, upon application by a holder of a Registered Security to the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent 
not later than the 15th day before the due date for any such payment, by transfer to an account 
denominated in that currency (or, if that currency is euro, any other account to which euro may be 
credited or transferred) and maintained by the payee with, a bank in the Principal Financial Centre 
of that currency (in the case of a sterling cheque, a town clearing branch of a bank in the City of 
London) and (in the case of redemption) upon surrender (or, in the case of part payment only, 
endorsement) of the relevant Security Certificates at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent. 
 
Interest:  Subject to Condition 17.3 (Payments of Principal and Interest in CNY), payments of 
interest shall be made by cheque drawn in the currency in which the payment is due drawn on, or, 
upon application by a holder of a Registered Security to the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent 
not later than the 15th day before the due date for any such payment, by transfer to an account 
denominated in that currency (or, if that currency is euro, any other account to which euro may be 
credited or transferred) and maintained by the payee with, a bank in the Principal Financial Centre 
of that currency (in the case of a sterling cheque, a town clearing branch of a bank in the City of 
London) and (in the case of interest payable on redemption) upon surrender (or, in the case of part 
payment only, endorsement) of the relevant Security Certificates at the Specified Office of any 
Paying Agent. 
 
Payments of Principal and Interest in CNY: Notwithstanding Conditions 17.1 (Principal) and 
17.2 (Interest), in respect of CNY Securities, no payment of principal or interest in CNY will be 
made by cheque and all payments to Securityholders will be made solely (i) for so long as the 
CNY Securities are represented by a Registered Security held with the common depositary for 
Clearstream Banking société anonyme and Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. or any alternative clearing 
system, by transfer to a CNY bank account maintained outside the PRC, or (ii) for so long as the 
Securities are in definitive form, by transfer to a CNY bank account maintained outside the PRC, 
in each case in accordance with prevailing rules and regulations. 
 
Payments Subject to Fiscal Laws:  All payments in respect of the Registered Securities are 
subject in all cases to (i) any applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations, but without prejudice 
to the provisions of Condition 20 (Taxation) and (ii) any withholding or deduction required 
pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the United States Internal Revenue Code 
of 1986 (the "Code") or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, 
any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or any law, 
regulation or official guidance implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto (in each case 
without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 20 (Taxation)).  No commissions or expenses 
shall be charged to the Securityholders in respect of such payments. 
 
Payments on Payment Business Days:  Where payment is to be made by transfer to an account, 
payment instructions (for value the due date, or, if the due date is not a Payment Business Day, for 
value the next succeeding Payment Business Day) will be initiated and, where payment is to be 
made by cheque, the cheque will be mailed (i) (in the case of payments of principal and interest 
payable on redemption) on the later of the due date for payment and the day on which the relevant 
Security Certificate is surrendered (or, in the case of part payment only, endorsed) at the Specified 
Office of a Paying Agent and (ii) (in the case of payments of interest payable other than on 
redemption) on the due date for payment.  A holder of a Registered Security shall not be entitled 
to any interest or other payment in respect of any delay in payment resulting from (A) the due date 
for a payment not being a Payment Business Day or (B) a cheque mailed in accordance with this 
Condition 17 (Payments – Registered Securities) arriving after the due date for payment or being 
lost in the mail. 
 
Partial payments:  If a Paying Agent makes a partial payment in respect of any Registered 
Security, the Issuer shall procure that the amount and date of such payment are noted on the 
Register and, in the case of partial payment upon presentation of a Security Certificate, that a 
statement indicating the amount and the date of such payment is endorsed on the relevant Security 
Certificate.

--- Page 280 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
Part 1: General Terms and Conditions 
 
 
280 
 
 
Record date:  Each payment in respect of a Registered Security will be made to the person shown 
as the holder in the Register at the opening of business in the place of the Registrar's Specified 
Office on such number of days before the due date for such payment as is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms (the "Record Date").  Where payment in respect of a Registered Security 
is to be made by cheque, the cheque will be mailed to the address shown as the address of the 
holder in the Register at the opening of business on the relevant Record Date. 
 
Payments of Principal and Interest in respect of Nordic Securities:  Payments of principal, 
interest and/or any other amount payable under the Conditions in respect of Nordic Securities shall 
be made to the Securityholders recorded as such on the fifth business day (as defined by the then 
applicable NCSD Rules) before the due date for such payment, or such other business day falling 
closer to the due date as may then be stipulated in said Rules.  Such day shall be the Record Date 
in respect of the Nordic Securities. 
 
Unavailability of Currency:  If the Specified Currency is not available to the Issuer for making 
payments of principal of, and premium, interest and/or additional amounts, if any, on any 
Registered Security (whether due to the imposition of exchange controls or other circumstances 
beyond the control of the Issuer, or if the Specified Currency is no longer used by the government 
of the country issuing that currency or by public institutions within the international banking 
community for the settlement of transactions), the Issuer may satisfy its obligations to 
Securityholders by making payments on the date of payment in U.S. Dollars on the basis of the 
prevailing exchange rate on the date of the payment or of the most recent practicable date, such 
rate being based on the highest bid quotation in The City of New York received by the Exchange 
Rate Agent at approximately 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on the second Business Day 
preceding the applicable payment date from three recognised foreign exchange dealers for the 
purchase by the quoting dealer: 
(i) 
of the Specified Currency for U.S. Dollars for settlement on the payment date; 
(ii) 
in the aggregate amount of the Specified Currency payable to those holders or 
beneficial owners of Securities; and 
(iii) 
at which the applicable dealer commits to execute a contract. 
If those bid quotations are not available, the Exchange Rate Agent will determine the Market 
Exchange Rate at its reasonable discretion.  All determinations by the Exchange Rate Agent will, 
in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive for all purposes and binding on the Issuer, the 
Guarantor (if applicable) and the Securityholders.  The Exchange Rate Agent will be MSI plc, 
unless otherwise noted in the applicable Issue Terms.  If the Exchange Rate Agent is not an affiliate 
of Morgan Stanley, it may be one of the dealers providing quotations. 
Any payment made in U.S. Dollars on the basis of the prevailing exchange rate where the required 
payment is in an unavailable Specified Currency will not constitute an Event of Default. 
The foregoing provisions do not apply to CNY Securities or if a Specified Currency is unavailable 
because it has been replaced by the euro.  If the euro has been substituted for a Specified Currency, 
the Issuer may (or will, if required by applicable law) without the consent of the holders of the 
affected Securities, pay the principal of, premium, if any, or interest, if any, on any Security 
denominated in the Specified Currency in euro instead of the Specified Currency, in conformity 
with legally applicable measures taken pursuant to, or by virtue of, the Treaty.  Any payment made 
in U.S. Dollars or in euro as described above where the required payment is in an unavailable 
Specified Currency will not constitute an Event of Default. 
18. 
PAYMENTS – UNCERTIFICATED SECURITIES 
This Condition 18 (Payments – Uncertificated Securities) is only applicable to Uncertificated 
Securities. 
 
Principal:  Subject as provided below, the Euroclear Registrar shall pay or cause to be paid 
payments of principal in respect of Uncertificated Securities to the relevant Securityholder's cash 
account such payment to be made in accordance with the rules of the Operator.

--- Page 281 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
Part 1: General Terms and Conditions 
 
 
281 
 
 
Interest:  Payments of interest (if any) in respect of Uncertificated Securities will be discharged 
by payment (as shown in the records of the Operator) to the cash account of the relevant 
Securityholder. 
 
General:  Each of the persons shown in the Operator register of eligible debt securities as the 
holder of a particular principal amount (in the case of Notes) or number (in the case of Certificates) 
of Uncertificated Securities must look solely to the settlement bank or institution at which its cash 
account is held for his share of each such payment so made by or on behalf of the Issuer. 
 
Payments Subject to Fiscal Laws:  All payments in respect of the Uncertificated Securities are 
subject in all cases (i) to any applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations, but without prejudice 
to the provisions of Condition 20 (Taxation) and (ii) any withholding or deduction required 
pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the United States Internal Revenue Code 
of 1986 (the "Code") or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, 
any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or any law, 
regulation or official guidance implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto (in each case 
without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 20 (Taxation)). No commissions or expenses shall 
be charged to the Securityholders in respect of such payments. 
 
Payments on Payment Business Days:  Payment instructions (for value the due date, or, if the 
due date is not a Payment Business Day, for value the next succeeding Payment Business Day) 
will be initiated on the due date for payment.  A holder of an Uncertificated Security shall not be 
entitled to any interest or other payment in respect of any delay in payment resulting from the due 
date for a payment not being a Payment Business Day. 
19. 
PHYSICAL SETTLEMENT 
 
Delivery Notice 
(a) 
Each Securityholder in respect of Physical Settlement Securities, shall, on or before the scheduled 
date for redemption thereof (or such earlier date as the Issuer shall notify to the Fiscal Agent and/or 
Euroclear Registrar and the Securityholders is, in its determination, necessary for the Issuer, the 
Fiscal Agent and/or the Relevant Clearing System(s) and/or the Euroclear Registrar to perform 
their respective obligations hereunder) send to the Relevant Clearing System(s) (in accordance 
with the relevant operating procedures) or, in the case of Uncertificated Securities, the Euroclear 
Registrar, and the Fiscal Agent an irrevocable notice (the "Delivery Notice") in the form from 
time to time approved by the Issuer, which must: 
(i) 
specify the name and address of the Securityholder; 
(ii) 
specify the number of Securities in respect of which he is the Securityholder; 
(iii) 
except in the case of Uncertificated Securities, specify the number of the 
Securityholder's account at the Relevant Clearing System(s) to be debited with 
such Securities; 
(iv) 
except in the case of Uncertificated Securities, irrevocably instruct and authorise 
the Relevant Clearing System(s) (A) to debit the Securityholder's account with 
such Securities on the Physical Settlement Date and (B) that no further transfers 
of the Securities specified in the Delivery Notice may be made; 
(v) 
contain a representation and warranty from the Securityholder to the effect that 
the Securities to which the Delivery Notice relates are free from all liens, 
charges, encumbrances and other third party rights; 
(vi) 
specify the number and account name of the account at the Clearing System(s) 
to be credited with the Physical Delivery Amount if Physical Settlement is 
applicable; 
(vii) 
contain an irrevocable undertaking to pay the Redemption Expenses and (to the 
extent payable but unpaid) Taxes (if any) which, in each case, are determined by

--- Page 282 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
Part 1: General Terms and Conditions 
 
 
282 
 
the Issuer to be payable and an irrevocable instruction to the Relevant Clearing 
System(s) to debit on or after the Physical Settlement Date the cash or other 
account of the Securityholder with the Relevant Clearing System(s) specified in 
the Delivery Notice with such Redemption Expenses and Taxes; 
(viii) authorise the production of the Delivery Notice in any applicable administrative 
or legal proceedings; and 
(ix) 
in the case of Uncertificated Securities, specify the cash memorandum account 
of the Securityholder as shown in the records of the Operator from which the 
Redemption Expenses and Taxes in respect of such Securities will be paid to the 
Euroclear Registrar's account with the Operator against delivery of the Physical 
Delivery Amount and irrevocably agree to deliver such instructions to the 
Operator as may be requested by the Euroclear Registrar to give effect to the 
delivery and payments described above. 
(b) 
A Delivery Notice, once delivered to the Relevant Clearing System(s) or the Euroclear Registrar 
shall be irrevocable and may not be withdrawn without the consent in writing of the Issuer.  A 
Securityholder may not transfer any Security which is the subject of a Delivery Notice following 
delivery of such Delivery Notice to the Relevant Clearing System(s) or the Euroclear Registrar, as 
the case may be.  A Delivery Notice shall only be valid to the extent that the Relevant Clearing 
System(s) or the Euroclear Registrar, as the case may be, has not received conflicting prior 
instructions in respect of the Securities which are the subject of the Delivery Notice. 
(c) 
Failure to properly complete and deliver a Delivery Notice may result in such notice being treated 
as null and void.  Any determination as to whether such notice has been properly completed and 
delivered as provided shall be made by the Relevant Clearing System(s) or the Euroclear Registrar, 
as the case may be, after consultation with the Fiscal Agent and shall be conclusive and binding 
on the Issuer and the Securityholder. 
(d) 
The Fiscal Agent shall promptly, on the Business Day following receipt of such notice, send a 
copy of the Delivery Notice to the Issuer or such person as the Issuer may previously have 
specified. 
 
Delivery Obligation 
(a) 
Subject to the other provisions of this Condition 19.2 (Delivery Obligation), the Issuer shall 
discharge its obligation to deliver the Physical Delivery Amount in respect of any Securities by 
delivering, or procuring the delivery of, the relevant Underlying Securities on the Physical 
Settlement Date to the Clearing System for credit to the account with the Clearing System specified 
in the Delivery Notice of the relevant Securityholder. 
(b) 
The number of Underlying Securities to be delivered to or for the account of each Securityholder 
on redemption of any Physical Settlement Securities shall be as determined in accordance with 
such provisions of the Additional Terms and Conditions as are specified as being applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms.  The Issuer may pay a residual cash amount to each Securityholder 
representing any fractions of Underlying Securities comprising the Physical Delivery Amount. 
(c) 
After delivery to or for the account of a Securityholder of the relevant Physical Delivery Amount 
and for such period of time as the transferor or its agent or nominee shall continue to be registered 
in any clearing system as the owner of the Underlying Securities comprised in such Physical 
Delivery Amount (the "Intervening Period"), none of such transferor or any agent or nominee for 
the Issuer or such transferor shall (i) be under any obligation to deliver to such Securityholder or 
any other person any letter, certificate, notice, circular, dividend or any other document or payment 
whatsoever received by the Issuer or such transferor, agent or nominee in its capacity as holder of 
such Underlying Securities, (ii) be under any obligation to exercise any rights (including voting 
rights) attaching to such Underlying Securities during the Intervening Period, or (iii) be under any 
liability to such Securityholder or any other person in respect of any loss or damage which the 
Securityholder or any other person may sustain or suffer as a result, whether directly or indirectly, 
of the Issuer or such transferor, agent or nominee being registered in the Clearing System during 
such Intervening Period as legal owner of such Underlying Securities.

--- Page 283 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
Part 1: General Terms and Conditions 
 
 
283 
 
(d) 
Any amounts in respect of dividends and interest on the Underlying Securities comprising the 
Physical Delivery Amount to be delivered will be payable to the party that would receive such 
amounts according to market practice for a sale of such Underlying Securities executed on the 
Exchange Business Day following the Determination Date in respect of the Securities.  Any such 
amounts will be paid to or for credit to the account specified by the Securityholder in the relevant 
Delivery Notice.  No right to dividends or interest on the Underlying Securities will accrue to 
Securityholders prior to the Determination Date. 
 
Settlement Disruption of Physical Settlement 
(a) 
This Condition 19.3 (Settlement Disruption of Physical Settlement) shall apply only where 
Physical Settlement is applicable. 
(b) 
The Determination Agent shall determine, acting in good faith and a commercially reasonable 
manner, whether or not at any time a Settlement Disruption Event has occurred in respect of 
Underlying Securities comprised in the Physical Delivery Amount (the "Affected Securities") and 
where it determines such an event has occurred and so has prevented delivery of such Affected 
Securities on the original day that but for such Settlement Disruption Event would have been the 
Physical Settlement Date, then the Physical Settlement Date will be the first succeeding day on 
which delivery of such Affected Securities can take place through the Clearing System unless a 
Settlement Disruption Event prevents settlement on each of the 10 Clearing System Business Days 
immediately following the original date that, but for the Settlement Disruption Event, would have 
been the Physical Settlement Date.  In that case, (a) if such Affected Securities can be delivered in 
any other commercially reasonable manner, then the Physical Settlement Date will be the first day 
on which settlement of a sale of such Affected Securities executed on that 10th Clearing System 
Business Day customarily would take place using such other commercially reasonable manner of 
delivery (which other manner of delivery will be deemed the Clearing System for the purposes of 
delivery of such Affected Securities), and (b) if such Affected Securities cannot be delivered in 
any other commercially reasonable manner, then the Physical Settlement Date will be postponed 
until delivery can be effected through the Clearing System or in any other commercially reasonable 
manner. 
(c) 
For the purposes hereof "Settlement Disruption Event" means, as determined by the 
Determination Agent acting in good faith and a commercially reasonable manner, an event which 
is beyond the control of the Issuer or the transferor of any relevant Underlying Securities and as a 
result of which the Clearing System cannot receive or clear the transfer of such Underlying 
Securities. 
 
Delivery Disruption of Physical Settlement 
(a) 
This Condition 19.4 (Delivery Disruption of Physical Settlement) shall apply only where Physical 
Settlement is applicable. 
(b) 
If the Determination Agent determines, acting in good faith and a commercially reasonable 
manner, that a Delivery Disruption Event has occurred, the Determination Agent shall notify the 
Issuer who shall promptly, and in any event not more than 15 Business Days after the Issuer has 
received such notification from the Determination Agent, notify the Securityholders, and the Issuer 
will then deliver, or procure the delivery of, on the Physical Settlement Date such number of 
Underlying Securities comprised in the Physical Delivery Amount (if any) as it can deliver, or 
procure the delivery of, on that date and pay such amount as in the opinion of the Determination 
Agent is appropriate in the circumstances by way of compensation for the non-delivery of the 
remainder of the Underlying Securities comprised in the Physical Delivery Amount (assuming 
satisfaction of each applicable condition precedent) to which the Securityholders would have been 
entitled under the Securities but for the occurrence of such Delivery Disruption Event, in which 
event the entitlements of the respective Securityholders to receive Underlying Securities on 
redemption shall cease and the Issuer's obligations under the Securities shall be satisfied in full 
upon delivery of such number of Underlying Securities and payment of such amount. 
(c) 
Where this Condition 19.4 (Delivery Disruption of Physical Settlement) is applicable in 
accordance with its terms, insofar as the Determination Agent determines to be practical, acting in 
good faith and a commercially reasonable manner, the same shall be applied as between the

--- Page 284 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
Part 1: General Terms and Conditions 
 
 
284 
 
Securityholders on a pro rata basis, but subject to such rounding down (whether of the amount of 
a payment or of a number of Underlying Securities to be delivered) and also to such other 
adjustments as the Determination Agent, acting in good faith and a commercially reasonable 
manner, determines to be appropriate to give practical effect to such provisions. 
(d) 
For the purposes hereof "Delivery Disruption Event" means, as determined by the Determination 
Agent, acting in good faith and a commercially reasonable manner, the failure or inability, due to 
illiquidity in the market for the Underlying Securities comprised in the Physical Delivery Amount, 
by or of the Issuer to deliver, or procure the delivery of, on the Physical Settlement Date all the 
Underlying Securities comprised in the Physical Delivery Amount to be delivered on that date. 
 
Additional Definitions:   
For the purposes of this Condition 19 (Physical Settlement): 
"Clearing System" means, in respect of an Underlying Security relating to a Physical Settlement 
Security, the clearing system specified as such for such security in the applicable Issue Terms or 
any successor to such clearing system as determined by the Determination Agent.  If the Issue 
Terms do not specify a clearing system, the Clearing System will be the principal domestic system 
customarily used for settling trades in the relevant Underlying Securities.  If the Clearing System 
ceases to settle trades in such Underlying Securities, the Determination Agent will, acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, select another method of delivery; 
"Clearing System Business Day" means, in respect of a Clearing System, any day on which such 
Clearing System is (or, but for the occurrence of a Settlement Disruption Event, would have been) 
open for the acceptance and execution of settlement instructions; 
"Physical Delivery Amount" means in respect of any Series of Physical Settlement Securities, 
the Underlying Securities to be delivered by the Issuer to Securityholders on redemption of each 
Security, as provided in the applicable Issue Terms, or determined in accordance with such 
provisions of the Additional Terms and Conditions as are specified as being applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms; 
"Physical Settlement Date" means, in relation to Underlying Securities to be delivered, subject 
to Condition 19.3 (Settlement Disruption of Physical Settlement), in respect of any Securities, the 
date following the Maturity Date or any other applicable redemption date, as the case may be, 
which is the first day on which settlement of a sale of such Underlying Securities executed on that 
Maturity Date or other redemption date, as the case may be, customarily would take place through 
the applicable Clearing System, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms; and 
"Settlement Disruption Event" has the meaning given to it in Condition 19.3 (Settlement 
Disruption of Physical Settlement). 
20. 
TAXATION  
 
Additional Amounts:  If the applicable Issue Terms specify "Additional Amounts" as being 
applicable in respect of any Series of Securities, the relevant Issuer or Guarantor, if applicable, 
will, subject to certain exceptions and limitations set forth below, pay those additional amounts 
(the "Additional Amounts") to any Securityholder who is a U.S. Alien as may be necessary in 
order that every net payment of the principal of and interest on the Security and any other amounts 
payable by or on behalf of the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor on the Security after withholding 
for or on account of any tax, assessment or governmental charge imposed upon or as a result of 
that payment by the United States or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein, 
will not be less than the amount provided for in the Security to be then due and payable. For the 
avoidance of doubt, if not so provided in the applicable Issue Terms, Additional Amounts as 
provided in this Condition 20.1 (Additional Amounts) shall not be payable. 
The relevant Issuer or Guarantor, if applicable, will not, however, be required to make any payment 
of Additional Amounts to any Securityholder for or on account of: 
(a) 
any tax, assessment or other governmental charge that would not have been so imposed but for: 
(i) 
the existence of any present or former connection between the holder or 
beneficial owner, or between a fiduciary, settlor, beneficiary, member or

--- Page 285 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
Part 1: General Terms and Conditions 
 
 
285 
 
shareholder of the holder or beneficial owner, if the holder or beneficial owner 
is an estate, a trust, a partnership or a corporation, and the United States and its 
possessions, including, without limitation, the holder or beneficial owner, or 
such fiduciary, settlor, beneficiary, member or shareholder, being or having been 
a citizen or resident of the United States or being or having been engaged in the 
conduct of a trade or business or present in the United States or having, or having 
had, a permanent establishment in the United States; or 
(ii) 
the presentation by the Securityholder for payment on a date more than 15 days 
after the date on which payment became due and payable or the date on which 
payment thereof is duly provided for, whichever occurs later; 
(b) 
any estate, inheritance, gift, sales, transfer, capital gains, corporation, income or personal property 
tax or any similar tax, assessment or governmental charge; 
(c) 
any tax, assessment or other governmental charge imposed by reason of the holder's or beneficial 
owner's past or present status as a personal holding company or controlled foreign corporation or 
passive foreign investment company with respect to the United States or as a corporation that 
accumulates earnings to avoid U.S. federal income tax or as a private foundation or other tax 
exempt organisation; 
(d) 
any tax, assessment or other governmental charge that is payable otherwise than by withholding 
from payments on or in respect of any Security; 
(e) 
any tax, assessment or other governmental charge that would not have been imposed but for the 
failure to comply with certification, information or other reporting requirements concerning the 
nationality, residence or identity of the holder or beneficial owner of that Security, if compliance 
is required by statute or by regulation of the United States or of any political subdivision or taxing 
authority thereof or therein as a precondition to relief or exemption from the tax, assessment or 
other governmental charge; 
(f) 
any withholding tax imposed under Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code or any agreement 
with the IRS pursuant to these Code sections, any applicable U.S. Treasury regulations 
promulgated thereunder or published administrative guidance implementing such sections and any 
analogous provisions of non-U.S. laws (including withholding resulting from any inter-
governmental agreement or an individual agreement with a taxing authority in connection with 
such sections of the Code, regulations, guidance or laws); 
(g) 
any tax, assessment or other governmental charge imposed by reason of Section 871(m) of the 
Code, and any applicable U.S. Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder or published 
administrative guidance implementing such section; 
(h) 
any tax, assessment or other governmental charge imposed by reason of the holder or beneficial 
owner not qualifying for an exemption with respect to coupon payments under the “other income” 
provision of a Qualifying Treaty; and for this purpose a "Qualifying Treaty" means an income tax 
treaty between a non-U.S. jurisdiction and the United States of America that provides for a zero 
per cent. rate of tax on "other income" earned by a resident of the non-U.S. jurisdiction from 
sources within the United States of America; 
(i) 
any tax, assessment or other governmental charge imposed by reason of the holder's or beneficial 
owner's past or present status as the actual or constructive owner of 10 per cent. or more of the 
total combined voting power of all classes of stock entitled to vote of Morgan Stanley; or 
(j) 
any combination of the items listed above. 
In addition, the relevant Issuer or Guarantor, if applicable, will not be required to make any 
payment of Additional Amounts with respect to any Security presented for payment by or on behalf 
of a holder or beneficial owner who would have been able to avoid such withholding or deduction 
by presenting the relevant Security to another paying agent in a Member State of the European 
Union, or the United Kingdom.

--- Page 286 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
Part 1: General Terms and Conditions 
 
 
286 
 
Nor will Additional Amounts be paid with respect to any payment on a Security to a U.S. Alien 
who is a fiduciary or partnership or other than the sole beneficial owner of that payment to the 
extent that payment would be required by the laws of the United States (or any political subdivision 
thereof) to be included in the income, for tax purposes, of a beneficiary or settlor with respect to 
the fiduciary or a member of that partnership or a beneficial owner who would not have been 
entitled to the Additional Amounts had that beneficiary, settlor, member or beneficial owner been 
the Securityholder. 
The term "U.S. Alien" means any person who, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, is a foreign 
corporation, a nonresident alien individual, a nonresident alien fiduciary of a foreign estate or trust, 
or a foreign partnership one or more of the members of which is a foreign corporation, a 
nonresident alien individual or a nonresident alien fiduciary of a foreign estate or trust. 
 
Withholding Taxes.  All payments of principal and interest by Morgan Stanley, MSI plc, MSBV, 
MSFL and the Guarantor in respect of Morgan Stanley, MSI plc, MSBV or MSFL Securities shall 
be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, any present or future taxes, 
duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatsoever nature imposed, levied, collected, 
withheld or assessed by (i) in the case where the Issuer is MSI plc, the United Kingdom; (ii) in the 
case where the Issuer is MSBV, the Netherlands; (iii) in the case where the Issuer is Morgan 
Stanley or MSFL, the United States of America; or (iv) in the case of the Guarantor, the United 
States of America, in each case, including any political subdivision or any authority thereof or 
therein having power to tax, unless such withholding or deduction is required by law.  None of 
Morgan Stanley, MSI plc, MSBV, MSFL or (in respect of MSBV and MSFL Securities) the 
Guarantor shall be required to make any additional payments on account of any such withholding 
or deductions, except if the applicable Issue Terms specify "Additional Amounts" in respect of 
and subject as set out in Condition 20.1 (Additional Amounts) above.  
 
Implementation of Financial Transaction Tax.  If "Implementation of Financial Transaction 
Tax Event" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms to be applicable to any Series of Securities, 
then upon the occurrence of an Implementation of Financial Transaction Tax Event, the Issuer 
may (i) in its reasonable discretion, with immediate effect amend the Conditions of the Securities 
by adjusting downward any amount payable and/or any other value or term of the Conditions to 
account for the economic impact of the Implementation of Financial Transaction Tax on the Issuer 
and its Affiliates in relation to the Securities, and (ii) to the extent that at any time thereafter the 
Issuer determines (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) that it (including 
its Affiliates) has incurred additional loss as a result of the Implementation of Financial 
Transaction Tax Event that has not been accounted for through the adjustment made pursuant to 
sub-paragraph (i) (such amount, "Additional Increased Tax"), it may reduce the amount 
otherwise payable on the Securities on the next payment date (and any payment date thereafter) 
by an amount up to the Additional Increased Tax amount. Any such adjustments shall be notified 
to Securityholders as soon as reasonably practicable and in any event within 15 Business Days of 
such adjustments having been made. If an event or circumstance which would otherwise constitute 
a Change in Law or Increased Cost of Hedging (where applicable) also constitutes an 
Implementation of Financial Transaction Tax Event, it will be treated as an Implementation of 
Financial Transaction Tax Event. 
21. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
 
If any of the following events (each, an "Event of Default") occurs and is continuing: 
(a) 
Non-payment:  failure to pay any amount of principal in respect of the Securities within thirty 
days of the due date for payment thereof or failure to pay any amount of interest in respect of the 
Securities within thirty days of the due date for payment thereof; or 
(b) 
Insolvency, etc.:  (i) the Issuer becomes insolvent or is unable to pay its debts as they fall due, (ii) 
an administrator or liquidator of the Issuer or the whole or a substantial part of the undertaking, 
assets and revenues of the Issuer is appointed (otherwise than for the purposes of or pursuant to an 
amalgamation, reorganisation or restructuring whilst solvent), (iii) the Issuer takes any action for 
a composition with or for the benefit of its creditors generally, or (iv) an order is made or an 
effective resolution is passed for the winding up, liquidation or dissolution of the Issuer (otherwise 
than for the purposes of or pursuant to an amalgamation, reorganisation or restructuring whilst 
solvent), and such order or effective resolution has remained in force and has not been rescinded,

--- Page 287 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
Part 1: General Terms and Conditions 
 
 
287 
 
revoked or set aside for sixty days after the date on which such order is made or effective resolution 
is passed, 
then Securityholders of not less than 25 per cent. in aggregate principal amount of the Securities 
may, by written notice addressed to the Issuer and delivered to the Issuer or to the Specified Office 
of the Fiscal Agent, declare the Securities to be immediately (or, in the case of Nordic Securities, 
on such later date on which the relevant Nordic Securities have been transferred to the account 
designated by the relevant Nordic Issuing Agent and blocked for further transfer by such Agent) 
due and payable, whereupon they shall become so due and payable at their Early Redemption 
Amount (or in accordance with any other provisions specified in the applicable Issue Terms) 
without further action or formality.  Notice of any such declaration shall promptly, and in any 
event not more than 10 Business Days after such declaration is made, be given to the 
Securityholders. 
In the case of MSBV Securities and MSFL Securities, nothing herein contained shall be deemed 
to authorise any Securityholder to exercise any remedy against the applicable Issuer or the 
Guarantor solely as a result of, or because it is related directly or indirectly to, the insolvency of 
the Guarantor or the commencement of any proceedings relative to the Guarantor under Title 11 
of the United States Bankruptcy Code, or the appointment of a receiver for the Guarantor under 
Title II of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 or the 
commencement of any other applicable federal or state bankruptcy, insolvency, resolution or other 
similar law, or solely as a result of, or because it is related directly or indirectly to, a receiver, 
assignee or trustee in bankruptcy or reorganization, liquidator, sequestrator or similar official 
having been appointed for or having taken possession of the Guarantor or its property, or solely as 
a result of, or because it is related directly or indirectly to, the institution of any other comparable 
judicial or regulatory proceedings relative to the Guarantor, or to the creditors or property of the 
Guarantor. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Securityholders are authorised to exercise any remedy 
against the relevant Issuer as a result of an Event of Default described in Condition 21.1(b). 
 
Annulment of Acceleration and Waiver of Defaults.  In some circumstances, if any or all Events 
of Default, other than the non-payment of the principal of the Securities of a Series that has become 
due as a result of an acceleration, have been cured, waived or otherwise remedied, then the holders 
of a majority in principal amount of such Series of Securities (voting as one class) may annul past 
declarations of acceleration of or waive past defaults of the Securities.  However, any continuing 
default in payment of principal of or any premium or interest on those Securities may not be 
waived. 
22. 
ILLEGALITY AND REGULATORY EVENT 
 
If this Condition 22 (Illegality and Regulatory Event) is specified in the Issue Terms to be 
applicable to a Series of Securities, the Issuer shall have the right to redeem the Securities early 
(at the amount specified in the applicable Issue Terms), if it shall have determined that: 
(a) 
its performance thereunder, or, if applicable, the Guarantor's performance of its obligation under 
the Guarantee, shall have become or will be unlawful in whole or in part as a result of compliance 
in good faith by the Issuer, or, if applicable, the Guarantor, with any applicable present or future 
law, rule, regulation, judgment, order or directive of any governmental, administrative, legislative 
or judicial authority or power ("applicable law") (an "Illegality Event"); or 
(b) 
in respect of Securities issued by MSBV only, a Regulatory Event has occurred. 
 
If Condition 22 (Illegality and Regulatory Event) is specified in the Issue Terms to be applicable 
to a Series of Securities and, subject to the conditions set out in Condition 22.1 above, the Issuer 
determines that the Securities shall be redeemed early in accordance with this Condition 22, the 
Issuer shall give not less than five Business Days' notice to the Securityholders informing them 
that either an Illegality Event or, in respect of Securities issued by MSBV only, a Regulatory 
Event, as applicable, has occurred, as a result of which the Securities shall be redeemed early on 
the date specified for redemption in such notice. In such circumstances the Issuer will, if and to 
the extent permitted by applicable law, pay to each Securityholder in respect of each Security held 
by such Securityholder an amount determined by the Determination Agent, in its reasonable 
discretion, as representing either:

--- Page 288 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
Part 1: General Terms and Conditions 
 
 
288 
 
(i) 
the fair market value of such Security immediately prior to such redemption 
(ignoring such Illegality Event or Regulatory Event) less the cost to the Issuer 
(or its Affiliates) of, or the loss realised by the Issuer (or its Affiliates) on, 
unwinding any related underlying hedging arrangements, the amount of such 
cost or loss being as determined by the Determination Agent in its reasonable 
discretion, if "Early Redemption Amount (Illegality and Regulatory Event) – 
Fair Market Value Less Costs" is specified in the Issue Terms;  
(ii) 
the fair market value of such Security immediately prior to such redemption 
(ignoring such Illegality Event or Regulatory Event), if "Early Redemption 
Amount (Illegality and Regulatory Event) – Fair Market Value" is specified in 
the Issue Terms; or  
(iii) 
the Calculation Amount of such Security, if "Early Redemption Amount 
(Illegality and Regulatory Event) – Par" is specified in the Issue Terms.  The 
Issuer's obligations under the Securities shall be satisfied in full upon payment 
in respect of each Security of the amount determined by the Determination Agent 
to be payable in accordance with the provisions above, based on the elections 
made in the applicable Issue Terms, 
or, if a formula is specified in the applicable Issue Terms for the calculation of such early redemption 
amount, an amount calculated in accordance with such formula. 
 
The Issuer shall also, as soon as reasonably practicable under the circumstances and in any event 
within 15 Business Days of such event occurring, notify the Fiscal Agent and the Determination 
Agent of the occurrence of an Illegality Event or, in respect of Securities issued by MSBV only, a 
Regulatory Event, as applicable.  
23. 
PRESCRIPTION 
 
Prescription in Respect of Registered Securities:  Claims for principal and interest on 
redemption in respect of Registered Securities shall become void unless the relevant Security 
Certificates are surrendered for payment within 10 years of the appropriate Relevant Date. 
 
Prescription in Respect of Nordic Securities:  Claims for principal in respect of the Swedish 
Securities shall become void unless made within a period of 10 years after the appropriate Relevant 
Date.  Claims for interest in respect of the Swedish Securities shall become void unless made 
within a period of three years after the appropriate Relevant Date.  Claims for principal and/or 
interest in respect of Finnish Securities shall become void unless made within a period of three 
years after the appropriate Relevant Date. 
 
Prescription in Respect of Uncertificated Securities: Claims for principal and interest in respect 
of Uncertificated Securities shall become void unless made within a period of 10 years after the 
appropriate Relevant Date. 
24. 
REPLACEMENT OF SECURITIES 
If any Security or Security Certificate is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be 
replaced at the Specified Office of the Registrar, during normal business hours (and, if the 
Securities are then admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any listing authority, stock 
exchange and/or quotation system which requires the appointment of a Paying Agent or Transfer 
Agent in any particular place, the Paying Agent or Transfer Agent having its Specified Office in 
the place required by such listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system), subject to 
all applicable laws and stock exchange requirements, upon payment by the claimant of the 
expenses incurred in connection with such replacement and on such terms as to evidence, security, 
indemnity and otherwise as the Issuer may reasonably require.  Mutilated or defaced Securities or 
Security Certificates must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
25. 
AGENTS 
 
In acting under the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement and in connection with the Securities, the 
Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume any obligations towards or relationship

--- Page 289 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
Part 1: General Terms and Conditions 
 
 
289 
 
of agency or trust for or with any of the Securityholders.  All calculation functions required of the 
relevant Agent may be delegated to such persons as the relevant Agent may decide and all 
notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates and calculations given, expressed, made or 
obtained for the purposes of the Securities by the Agents or the Issuer shall (in the absence of 
manifest error or wilful misconduct) be binding on the Issuer and the Securityholders and (subject 
as aforesaid) no liability to the Securityholders (or any of them) shall attach to the Agents or the 
Issuer in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by any of them of their powers, duties and 
discretions for such purposes. 
 
In acting under the SEB Issuing and Paying Agent Agreement, the Nordic Issuing Agent acts solely 
as agent of the Issuer and does not assume any obligations towards or relationship of agency or 
trust for or with any of the Securityholders. 
 
In acting under the Euroclear Agreement, the Euroclear Registrar acts solely as agent of the Issuer 
and does not assume any obligations towards or relationship of agency or trust for or with any of 
the Securityholders. 
 
The initial Agents, the Nordic Issuing Agent and the Euroclear Registrar and their initial Specified 
Office are listed below on the inside back cover of this Base Prospectus.  The initial Calculation 
Agent is The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch.  The Issuer reserves the right at any 
time to vary or terminate the appointment of any Agent, the Nordic Issuing Agent and the 
Euroclear Registrar and to appoint a successor Fiscal Agent or Registrar or Calculation Agent or 
Nordic Issuing Agent or Euroclear Registrar and additional or successor paying agents; provided, 
however, that: 
(a) 
there shall at all times be a Registrar and, in the case of Uncertificated Securities, a Euroclear 
Registrar appointed in respect of the Securities; 
(b) 
if a Calculation Agent is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the Issuer shall at all times 
maintain a Calculation Agent; 
(c) 
if a Determination Agent is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the Issuer shall at all times 
maintain a Determination Agent; 
(d) 
if and for so long as the Securities are admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any listing 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system which requires the appointment of a Paying 
Agent and/or a Transfer Agent in any particular place, the Issuer shall maintain a Paying Agent 
and/or a Transfer Agent having its Specified Office in the place required by such listing authority, 
stock exchange and/or quotation system; and 
(e) 
so long as there is any Tranche of Nordic Securities outstanding, there will at all times be an NCSD 
duly authorised as a central securities depository under the relevant NCSD Rules and a Nordic 
Issuing Agent in respect of the relevant Tranche of Nordic Securities. 
 
Notice of any change in any of the Paying Agents or in their Specified Offices shall promptly, and 
in any event not more than 15 Business Days after any such change has been confirmed, be given 
to the Securityholders in accordance with Condition 28 (Notices). 
 
Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary, the Determination Agent shall act as an expert and 
not as an agent for the Issuer or the Securityholders and all determinations, considerations and 
decisions made by the Determination Agent shall, in the absence of manifest error, wilful default 
or bad faith, be final and conclusive and the Determination Agent shall have no liability in relation 
to such determinations except in the case of its wilful default or bad faith. 
 
Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary, the Calculation Agent shall act as an agent for the 
Issuer and all calculations made by the Calculation Agent shall, in the absence of manifest error,

--- Page 290 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
Part 1: General Terms and Conditions 
 
 
290 
 
wilful default or bad faith, be final and conclusive and the Calculation Agent shall have no liability 
in relation to such determinations except in the case of its wilful default or bad faith.  
26. 
MEETINGS OF SECURITYHOLDERS AND MODIFICATION 
 
Meetings of Securityholders:  The Issue and Paying Agency Agreement (or in the case of 
Uncertificated Securities, the Euroclear Agreement) contains provisions for convening meetings 
of Securityholders to consider matters relating to the Securities, including the modification of any 
provision of the Conditions.  Any such modification may be made if sanctioned by an 
Extraordinary Resolution.  Such a meeting may be convened by the Issuer and shall be convened 
by it upon the request in writing of Securityholders holding not less than one-tenth of the aggregate 
principal amount of the outstanding Securities.  The quorum at any meeting convened to vote on 
an Extraordinary Resolution will be two or more Persons holding or representing one more than 
half of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Securities or, at any adjourned meeting, 
two or more Persons being or representing Securityholders whatever the principal amount of the 
Securities held or represented, provided, however, that Reserved Matters may only be sanctioned 
by an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of Securityholders at which two or more 
Persons holding or representing not less than three-quarters or, at any adjourned meeting, one 
quarter of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Securities form a quorum.  Any 
Extraordinary Resolution duly passed at any such meeting shall be binding on all the 
Securityholders, whether present or not. 
In addition, a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of all Securityholders who for the time 
being are entitled to receive notice of a meeting of Securityholders will take effect as if it were an 
Extraordinary Resolution.  Such a resolution in writing may be contained in one document or 
several documents in the same form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more Securityholders. 
 
Modification 
(a) 
The Securities, the Conditions, the Guarantee and the Deeds of Covenant may be amended without 
the consent of the Securityholders where, in the reasonable opinion of the Issuer: 
(i) 
the amendment is to correct a manifest or proven error;  
(ii) 
the amendent is to effect a modification which is of a formal, minor or technical 
nature;  
(iii) 
the amendment is to cure any ambiguity or is to correct or supplement any 
defective provisions; 
(iv) 
the amendment is to correct an error or omission such that, in the absence of such 
correction, the terms of the Securities would not otherwise represent the intended 
terms of the Securities on which the Securities were sold and have since traded; 
or 
(v) 
the amendment is not materially prejudicial to the interest of the Securityholders. 
(b) 
The parties to the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement may agree to modify any provision thereof, 
but the Issuer shall not agree, without the consent of the Securityholders, to any such modification 
unless it is of a type contemplated by 26.2(a) above. 
 
Interests of Securityholders:  In connection with the Conditions, the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent 
shall have regard to the interests of the Securityholders as a class.  In particular, but without 
limitation, the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent shall not have regard to the consequences for individual 
Securityholders resulting from such individual Securityholders being for any purpose domiciled 
or resident in, or otherwise connected with, or subject to the jurisdiction of, any particular territory. 
 
Severance:  Should any of the provisions contained in the Conditions be or become invalid, the 
validity of the remaining provisions shall not be affected in any way.

--- Page 291 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
Part 1: General Terms and Conditions 
 
 
291 
 
27. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
Any of the Issuers may from time to time, without the consent of the Securityholders, create and 
issue further securities having the same terms and conditions as the Securities in all respects (or in 
all respects except for the first payment of interest) so as to form a single series with the Securities. 
28. 
NOTICES 
 
Registered Securities:  Notices to holders of Registered Securities in definitive form shall be sent 
to them by first class mail (or its equivalent) or (if posted to an overseas address) by airmail at 
their respective addresses on the Register. Notices to holders of Registered Securities in global 
form shall be sent to them by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or any other Relevant Clearing System for communication by them to the holders 
of the Securities. To the extent the Registered Securities are admitted to listing on the Official List 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to trading on the Luxembourg Regulated Market or the 
Euro MTF Market, notices to holders will be published in accordance with the rules of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange, and, if permitted by the rules and regulations of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange, on the Issuer's website at http://sp.morganstanley.com/EU/Documents.  
 
Nordic Securities:  All notices to holders of Nordic Securities shall be valid if so published or 
mailed to their registered addresses appearing on the relevant NCSD Register. 
 
Uncertificated Securities:  Notices to holders of Uncertificated Securities shall be sent to the 
address of the Securityholder appearing in the Record on the second Business Day immediately 
prior to despatch of such notice, by first class post or, if such address is not in the United Kingdom, 
by airmail post (any such notice to be delivered or sent at the risk of the relevant Securityholder). 
 
Unlisted Securities:  Notices to Securityholders of non-listed Securities may be published, as 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, in newspapers, on the Issuer's website at 
http://sp.morganstanley.com/EU/Documents, or otherwise. 
 
Notwithstanding any other provision in the Conditions, any failure by the Issuer, the Calculation 
Agent, the Determination Agent or any other party to provide Securityholders with any notice due 
to be given to Securityholders in accordance with the Conditions shall not of itself affect the 
validity of the determination, adjustment, event or any other occurrence to which such notice 
relates.  
 
If an adjustment is made, or any other action is taken, by the Determination Agent under any one 
or more of the following Conditions: 9.2(b), 9.2(c), 9.2(e), 9.2(f), 9.3(a), 9.3(b), 9.4(a)(ii), 
9.4(b)(ii), 9.5(b), 9.6(b), 9.7(c), 9.8(c), 10.1, 10.4(d), 10.6(d), 10.7(e), 10.8(b), 10.10, 11.5(b), 
11.6(b), 12.8(b) or 13.4, the Determination Agent shall notify the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent of 
such adjustment.  The Fiscal Agent shall, on behalf of and on instruction of the Issuer, provide 
notice (which notice shall, for the avoidance of doubt, be in the form provided to it by or on behalf 
of the Issuer) to the Securityholders of the relevant adjustment within 15 Business Days of receipt 
of such notification from the Determination Agent.  
29. 
LOSSES 
In no event shall the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) or the Agents have any liability for 
indirect, incidental, consequential or other damages (whether or not it may have been advised of 
the possibility of such damages) other than interest until the date of payment on sums not paid 
when due in respect of any Securities or assets not delivered when due. Securityholders are entitled 
to damages only and are not entitled to the remedy of specific performance in respect of any 
Security. 
30. 
CURRENCY INDEMNITY 
 
If any sum due from the Issuer in respect of the Securities or any order or judgment given or made 
in relation thereto has to be converted from the currency (the "first currency") in which the same 
is payable under the Conditions or such order or judgment into another currency (the "second 
currency") for the purpose of (a) making or filing a claim or proof against the Issuer, (b) obtaining 
an order or judgment in any court or other tribunal or (c) enforcing any order or judgment given

--- Page 292 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
Part 1: General Terms and Conditions 
 
 
292 
 
or made in relation to the Securities, the Issuer shall indemnify each Securityholder, on the written 
demand of such Securityholder addressed to the Issuer and delivered to the Issuer or to the 
Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent, against any loss suffered as a result of any discrepancy 
between (i) the rate of exchange used for such purpose to convert the sum in question from the 
first currency into the second currency and (ii) the rate or rates of exchange at which such 
Securityholder may in the ordinary course of business purchase the first currency with the second 
currency upon receipt of a sum paid to it in satisfaction, in whole or in part, of any such order, 
judgment, claim or proof. 
 
This indemnity constitutes a separate and independent obligation of the Issuer and shall give rise 
to a separate and independent cause of action. 
31. 
ROUNDING 
For the purposes of any calculations referred to in the Conditions (unless otherwise specified in 
the Conditions or the applicable Issue Terms), (a) all percentages resulting from such calculations 
will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with 
0.000005 per cent. rounded up to 0.00001 per cent.), (b) all U.S. Dollars amounts used in or 
resulting from such calculations will be rounded to the nearest cent (with one-half cent rounded 
upward), (c) all Japanese Yen amounts used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded 
downward to the next lower whole Japanese Yen amount and (d) all amounts denominated in any 
other currency used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded to the nearest two 
decimal places in such currency (with 0.005 rounded up to 0.01). 
32. 
REDENOMINATION, RENOMINALISATION AND RECONVENTIONING 
 
Application:  This Condition 32 (Redenomination, Renominalisation and Reconventioning) is 
applicable to the Securities only if it is specified in the applicable Issue Terms as being applicable. 
 
Notice of redenomination:  If the country of the Specified Currency becomes, or announces its 
intention to become, a Participating Member State, the Issuer may, without the consent of the 
Securityholders, on giving at least 15 Business Days' prior notice to the Securityholders and the 
Paying Agents (or, in the case of Uncertificated Securities, the Euroclear Registrar), designate a 
date (the "Redenomination Date"), being an Interest Payment Date under the Securities falling 
on or after the date on which such country becomes a Participating Member State. 
 
Redenomination:  Notwithstanding the other provisions of the Conditions, with effect from the 
Redenomination Date the Securities shall be deemed to be redenominated into euro in the 
denomination of euro 0.01 with a principal amount for each Security equal to the principal amount 
of that Security in the Specified Currency, converted into euro at the rate for conversion of such 
currency into euro established by the Council of the European Union pursuant to the Treaty 
(including compliance with rules relating to rounding in accordance with European Community 
regulations); provided, however, that, if the Issuer determines, with the agreement of the Fiscal 
Agent that the then market practice in respect of the redenomination into euro 0.01 of 
internationally offered securities is different from that specified above, such provisions shall be 
deemed to be amended so as to comply with such market practice and the Issuer shall promptly, 
and in any event within not more than 15 Business Days of the Issuer making such determination, 
notify the Securityholders, each listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) 
by which the Securities have been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation and the Paying 
Agents of such deemed amendments. 
 
Interest: Following redenomination of the Securities pursuant to this Condition 32 
(Redenomination, Renominalisation and Reconventioning), where Securities have been issued in 
definitive form, the amount of interest due in respect of such Securities will be calculated by 
reference to the aggregate principal amount of the Securities presented for payment by the relevant 
holder. 
 
Interest Determination Date:  If the Floating Rate Security Provisions are specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms as being applicable and Screen Rate Determination is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms as the manner in which the Floating Interest Rate(s) is/are to be determined, 
with effect from the Redenomination Date the Interest Determination Date shall be deemed to be 
the second TARGET Settlement Day before the first day of the relevant Interest Period.

--- Page 293 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
Part 1: General Terms and Conditions 
 
 
293 
 
33. 
INCONVERTIBILITY EVENTS 
 
If, in respect of any Series of Securities, the applicable Issue Terms specifies that "Inconvertibility 
Event Provisions" are applicable, this Condition 33 (Inconvertibility Events) shall apply in respect 
of such Securities. 
 
If, at any time during the term of such Series of Securities, the Determination Agent determines, 
acting in good faith and a commercially reasonable manner, that an Inconvertibility Event has 
occurred, it will inform the Issuer of the occurrence of such event. Following the determination by 
the Determination Agent of the occurrence of an Inconvertibility Event, the Issuer shall, not more 
than 15 Business Days after the occurrence of such an event, provide a notice (a "Notice of 
Inconvertibility") of the occurrence of such an event of inconvertibility to the holders of the 
Securities in accordance with Condition 28 (Notices) electing either: 
(a) 
If "Converted Payment" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms: to continue making any 
payments due under such Securities until the Maturity Date, in which case, any amount due under 
such Securities shall be converted from the Relevant Currency into the Inconvertibility Specified 
Currency at the Fallback FX Spot Rate determined by the Determination Agent in its reasonable 
discretion; or 
(b) 
If "Early Redemption" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms: to early terminate the Securities 
on a specified date (such date, the "Inconvertibility Early Redemption Date"), in which case the 
Securities shall early redeem at the Inconvertibility Early Redemption Amount on such 
Inconvertibility Early Redemption Date. The Issuer's obligations under the Securities shall be 
satisfied in full upon payment of such amount; or 
(c) 
If "Suspended Payment" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms: to suspend the payment until 
such number of Business Days as are specified in the applicable Issue Terms after the 
Determination Agent has notified the Issuer that, in the Determination Agent's reasonable 
discretion, the Inconvertibility Event has ceased or is no longer in effect. 
provided that the Issuer may, at any time from and including the Trade Date to and including the 
Maturity Date, subsequent to the despatch of a notice electing one of the selected options other 
than "Early Redemption", dispatch a second notice electing "Early Redemption", provided that 
such option was specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, in which case the Securities 
will be redeemed in accordance with the terms of "Early Redemption" above and the date specified 
in such notice will be the Inconvertibility Early Redemption Date. 
For the avoidance of doubt, failure to deliver such notice or the failure of the recipient to receive 
such notice will not affect the Issuer's ability to make payments according to the option it selected. 
 
Definitions: 
An "Inconvertibility Event" shall be deemed to have occurred if from (and including) the Trade 
Date to (and including) the Maturity Date, any event or circumstance occurs that generally makes 
it, in the reasonable discretion of the Determination Agent, impossible, unlawful or impracticable 
for the Issuer, the Determination Agent or any of its Affiliates for any reason beyond their 
reasonable control: 
(i) 
to convert the Relevant Currency into the Inconvertibility Specified Currency or the 
Inconvertibility Specified Currency into the Relevant Currency (whether directly or 
through a cross exchange rate) through customary legal channels; or 
(ii) 
to determine the rate of conversion of the Inconvertibility Specified Currency into the 
Relevant Currency or the Relevant Currency into the Inconvertibility Specified Currency 
or 
(iii) 
to transfer, or make a payment in, or delivery of, the Relevant Currency from or to, outside, 
or inside, of the Relevant Jurisdiction, in each case under (i), (ii) or (iii), in an amount up 
to the total amount of payment due to be made by the Issuer under the Securities; or 
(iv) 
to determine a rate at which any Relevant Currency can be lawfully exchanged for U.S. 
Dollars; or

--- Page 294 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
Part 1: General Terms and Conditions 
 
 
294 
 
(v) 
to convert any Relevant Currency into U.S. Dollars; or 
(vi) 
to exchange or repatriate any funds outside of any jurisdiction in which any of the Relevant 
Underlying, or each Basket Component, is issued; or 
(vii) 
for the Issuer or any of its Affiliates to hold, purchase, sell or otherwise deal in any 
Securities, or any other property in order for the Issuer or any of its Affiliates to perform 
any related hedging arrangement, or for the purposes of the Issuer or the Issuer's obligations 
in respect of any Securities; 
"Basket Component" has the meaning given to such term in Section 1 (General) of the Additional 
Terms and Conditions; 
"Inconvertibility Early Redemption Amount" means in respect of any Security: 
(i) 
an amount specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms; 
(ii) 
if "Early Redemption Amount Less Costs" is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, an amount equal to (i), the Early Redemption Amount (as defined in 
Condition 2.1 (Definitions)), (ii) converted from the Relevant Currency into the 
Inconvertibility Specified Currency at the exchange rate (expressed as a number 
of the Relevant Currency per one unit of the Inconvertibility Specified Currency) 
determined by the Determination Agent in its reasonable discretion for 
settlement on or about the relevant payment date and (iii) less the reasonable cost 
to and/or the loss realised by, the Issuer and/or any Affiliate in respect of break 
funding costs for the Issuer term financing associated with such early redemption 
of the Securities, in each case as calculated by the Determination Agent in its 
reasonable discretion; 
(iii) 
if "Early Redemption Amount" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, an 
amount equal to the Early Redemption Amount (as defined in Condition 2.1 
(Definitions)) converted from the Relevant Currency into the Inconvertibility 
Specified Currency at the exchange rate (expressed as a number of the Relevant 
Currency per one unit of the Inconvertibility Specified Currency) determined by 
the Determination Agent in its reasonable discretion for settlement on or about 
the relevant payment date, as calculated by the Determination Agent in its 
reasonable discretion; 
(iv) 
if "Fair Market Value Less Costs is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, an 
amount, in the Inconvertibility Specified Currency, equal to the fair market value 
of such Securities, on such day as is selected by the Determination Agent in its 
reasonable discretion (provided that such day is not more than 15 days before 
the Inconvertibility Early Redemption Date), less the proportion attributable to 
that Security of the reasonable cost to the Issuer and/or any Affiliate of, or the 
loss realised by the Issuer and/or any Affiliate on, unwinding any related hedging 
arrangements or in respect of break funding costs for the Issuer's term financing 
associated with such early redemption of the Securities, in each case as 
calculated by the Determination Agent in its reasonable discretion; or 
(v) 
if "Fair Market Value" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount, 
in the Inconvertibility Specified Currency, equal to the fair market value of such 
Securities, on such day as is selected by the Determination Agent in its 
reasonable discretion (provided that such day is not more than 15 days before 
the Inconvertibility Early Redemption Date), as calculated by the Determination 
Agent in its reasonable discretion. 
"Fallback FX Spot Rate" means the relevant currency exchange rate determined in accordance 
with the applicable Settlement Rate Option and, if a Settlement Rate Option is not applicable, the 
currency exchange rate at the time at which such rate is to be determined for foreign exchange 
transactions in the Specified Currency or the Inconvertibility Specified Currency for value on the 
relevant Inconvertibility Early Redemption Date, as determined in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner by the Determination Agent;

--- Page 295 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
Part 1: General Terms and Conditions 
 
 
295 
 
"Inconvertibility Specified Currency" means the currency specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms; 
"Relevant Currency" means the currency as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, and, if none 
is specified, the currency in (i) if the Relevant Underlying is an Index or a Basket of Indices, a 
Currency in which any of the securities which comprise any such Index is denominated, or (ii) in 
all other cases, the currency in which the Relevant Underlying (or any Basket Component) is 
denominated; 
"Relevant Jurisdiction" means the jurisdiction as specified in the applicable Issue Terms; and 
"Relevant Underlying" has the meaning given to such term in Section 1 (General) the Additional 
Terms and Conditions. 
34. 
CNY DISRUPTION EVENTS 
 
If this Condition 34.1 (CNY Disruption Events) is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms, in the event that a CNY Disruption Event, as determined by the Determination Agent in its 
reasonable discretion, occurs on or prior to any date on which a payment is scheduled to be made 
under a CNY Security (including, but not limited to, an Interest Payment Date or the Maturity 
Date) and such CNY Disruption Event is continuing on such date (any such CNY Security so 
affected, an "Affected CNY Security"), the following terms will apply: 
(a) 
first, payments under the Affected CNY Security shall be postponed to two Hong Kong Business 
Days after the date on which the CNY Disruption Event ceases to exist, unless that CNY 
Disruption Event continues to exist for 14 consecutive calendar days from the original date that, 
but for the occurrence of the CNY Disruption Event, would have been the date for such payments 
(which payment date may be, but is not limited to, an Interest Payment Date or the Maturity Date). 
In that case, the provisions of sub-paragraph (b) below will apply on the day immediately 
following the lapse of such 14 calendar day period; and 
(b) 
second, the relevant payment obligations under the Affected CNY Security shall be replaced by 
an obligation to pay an amount equal to the amount that would be due in CNY under the Affected 
CNY Security converted into an amount in USD as calculated by the Determination Agent in its 
reasonable discretion. All the payments hereunder shall be made in USD on the relevant Non-
Deliverable Substitute Settlement Date. For the avoidance of doubt, this sub-paragraph (b) shall 
only apply to any payment which is scheduled to occur on a date (which may be, but is not limited 
to, the Maturity Date or an Interest Payment Date) that is affected by the CNY Disruption Event 
and shall not affect any payments falling due on any other dates. 
 
For the purpose of this Condition 34 (CNY Disruption Events): 
"CNY Disruption Event" means any of CNY Illiquidity, CNY Inconvertibility or CNY Non-
Transferability. 
"CNY Illiquidity" means, as determined by the Determination Agent in its reasonable discretion, 
the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible (where it had previously been possible) for 
the Issuer to obtain a firm quote of an offer price in respect of an amount in CNY equal to the then 
aggregate outstanding principal amount (in the case of Notes) or aggregate outstanding Specified 
Unit Value (in the case of Certificates) of the relevant Affected CNY Securities, any interest or 
any other amount to be paid under such Securities (the "Relevant Disrupted Amount"), during 
the term of such Securities, either in one transaction or a commercially reasonable number of 
transactions that, when taken together, is no less than such Relevant Disrupted Amount, in the 
general CNY exchange market in each Offshore CNY Centre in order to perform its obligations 
under the Affected CNY Securities. 
"CNY Inconvertibility" means, as determined by the Determination Agent in its reasonable 
discretion, the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible (where it had previously been 
possible) for the Issuer to convert an amount of CNY no less than the Relevant Disrupted Amount 
into or from USD in the general CNY exchange market in each Offshore CNY Centre. 
"CNY Non-Transferability" means, as determined by the Determination Agent in its reasonable 
discretion, the occurrence in each Offshore CNY Centre of any event that makes it impossible 
(where it had previously been possible) for the Issuer to transfer CNY (a) between accounts inside

--- Page 296 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
Part 1: General Terms and Conditions 
 
 
296 
 
the Offshore CNY Centre, (b) from an account inside the Offshore CNY Centre to an account 
outside such Offshore CNY Centre and outside mainland China, or (c) from an account outside an 
Offshore CNY Centre and outside mainland China to an account inside the Offshore CNY Centre. 
For the purpose of CNY Non-Transferability and Hong Kong as an Offshore CNY Centre only, a 
segregated Chinese Renminbi fiduciary cash account with the People's Bank of China and operated 
by Bank of China (Hong Kong) Limited shall be deemed to be an account inside Hong Kong. 
"Hong Kong Business Day" means any day, other than a Saturday or a Sunday, that is neither a 
legal holiday nor a day on which banking institutions are authorised or required by law or 
regulation to close in Hong Kong.  
"Non-Deliverable Substitute Settlement Date" means, subject to adjustment in accordance with 
the provisions of Condition 34.1(b) and/or any Business Day Convention applicable to the terms 
of an Affected CNY Security, the day determined by the Determination Agent which shall be as 
soon as practicable following the date on which the relevant payment was scheduled to be made 
in respect of such Affected CNY Security,  and which shall be in no event later than two (2) Hong 
Kong Business Days after the date on which the amount payable in USD in respect of such 
Affected CNY Security is determined by the Determination Agent pursuant to Condition 34.1(b).  
"Offshore CNY Centre" means Hong Kong, or such other CNY Centre as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
For the avoidance of doubt, references to "general CNY exchange market in each Offshore CNY 
Centre" in the definitions of CNY Illiquidity and CNY Inconvertibility refers to purchase, sale, 
lending or borrowing of CNY for general purpose (including, but not limited to, funding), and 
therefore any purchase or sale of CNY where such CNY is required by relevant laws or regulations 
for settlement of any cross-border trade transaction with an entity in mainland China, or any 
purchase or sale of CNY for personal customers residing in each such Offshore CNY Centre, 
would not be purchase or sale made in such general CNY exchange market. 
35. 
SUBSTITUTION  
 
Substitution of Issuer with Morgan Stanley Group entities  
Subject to the conditions set out in this Condition 35 (Substitution), but without the consent of 
Securityholders, each Issuer may, where the Issuer is: 
(a) 
Morgan Stanley, substitute a subsidiary of Morgan Stanley in place of Morgan Stanley as principal 
debtor under the Securities, provided that any Securities in respect of which such a substitution is 
effected will be fully, unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed pursuant to a guarantee of 
Morgan Stanley as to the payment of principal of, premium, interest and supplemental amounts, if 
any, and any Additional Amounts on those Securities when and as the same will become due and 
payable, whether at maturity or otherwise, and provided further that under the terms of the 
guarantee, Securityholders will not be required to exercise their remedies against the substitute 
prior to proceeding directly against Morgan Stanley (as guarantor);  
(b) 
MSI plc, substitute Morgan Stanley or a subsidiary of Morgan Stanley in place of MSI plc as 
principal debtor under the Securities, provided that, unless Morgan Stanley is the substitute issuer, 
any Securities in respect of which such a substitution is effected will be fully, unconditionally and 
irrevocably guaranteed pursuant to a guarantee of MSI plc as to the payment of principal of, 
premium, interest and supplemental amounts, if any, and any Additional Amounts on those 
Securities when and as the same will become due and payable, whether at maturity or otherwise, 
and provided further that under the terms of the guarantee, Securityholders will not be required to 
exercise their remedies against the substitute prior to proceeding directly against MSI plc (as 
guarantor);  
(c) 
MSBV, substitute Morgan Stanley or a subsidiary of Morgan Stanley in place of MSBV as 
principal debtor under the Securities, provided that, unless Morgan Stanley is the substitute issuer, 
any Securities in respect of which such a substitution is effected will be fully, unconditionally and 
irrevocably guaranteed pursuant to a guarantee of Morgan Stanley as to the payment of principal 
of, premium, interest and supplemental amounts, if any, and any Additional Amounts on those 
Securities when and as the same will become due and payable, whether at maturity or otherwise, 
and provided further that under the terms of the guarantee, Securityholders will not be required to

--- Page 297 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
Part 1: General Terms and Conditions 
 
 
297 
 
exercise their remedies against the substitute prior to proceeding directly against Morgan Stanley 
(as guarantor); or  
(d) 
MSFL, substitute Morgan Stanley or a subsidiary of Morgan Stanley in place of MSFL as principal 
debtor under the Securities, provided that, unless Morgan Stanley is the substitute issuer, any 
Securities in respect of which such a substitution is effected will be fully, unconditionally and 
irrevocably guaranteed pursuant to a guarantee of Morgan Stanley as to the payment of principal 
of, premium, interest and supplemental amounts, if any, and any Additional Amounts on those 
Securities when and as the same will become due and payable, whether at maturity or otherwise, 
and provided further that under the terms of the guarantee, Securityholders will not be required to 
exercise their remedies against the substitute prior to proceeding directly against Morgan Stanley 
(as guarantor). 
 
Substitution of Issuer or Guarantor with non Morgan Stanley Group entities  
If this Condition 35.2 is specified in the Issue Terms to be applicable to a Series of Securities, 
subject to the conditions set out in this Condition 35, including the rights of Securityholders under 
Condition 35.6 (Right to Redemption in respect of substitutions with non Morgan Stanley Group 
entities), but without the consent of Securityholders, the Issuer or the Guarantor (in the case of 
MSBV or MSFL Securities) may, in the event that the Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case may 
be) has determined that any of the following events has occurred in respect of the Issuer or the 
Guarantor (as the case may be): an insolvency, receivership or equivalent event under the 
jurisdiction of the Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case may be); a divestment mandated for 
regulatory reasons; any action being required to satisfy any regulatory licensing requirements; or 
a change of control (each a "Substitution Event"), substitute for itself any entity which is not a 
Morgan Stanley Group entity, provided that such entity has a long term credit rating from at least 
one rating agency of standard application on the international capital markets (including but not 
limited to S&P, Moody's and Fitch) which is at least as high as the long term credit rating of the 
relevant Issuer or Guarantor (as the case may be) being substituted immediately prior to the 
occurrence of the relevant Substitution Event). Notwithstanding the foregoing, for any Series of 
Securities in respect of which Morgan Stanley is the Issuer, Morgan Stanley may not be substituted 
as Issuer with any entity which is not a Morgan Stanley Group entity within one year of the Issue 
Date of such Securities. 
 
Conditions to substitution  
Substitution of an Issuer or Guarantor for another entity (the "Substitute") as provided in 
Condition 35.1 (Substitution of Issuer with Morgan Stanley Group entities) or 35.2 (Substitution 
of Issuer or Guarantor with non Morgan Stanley Group entities) above (as applicable) are subject 
to the following conditions: 
(a) 
the Substitute becoming party to the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement with any appropriate 
consequential amendments, as if it had been an original party to it in place of the relevant Issuer 
or the Guarantor (as the case may be);  
(b) 
the Substitute is validly existing under the laws under which it is established or incorporated, has 
capacity to assume all rights, obligations and liabilities under the Securities, receipts, coupons and 
Guarantee, as applicable, and has obtained all necessary corporate authorisations to assume all 
such rights, obligations and liabilities under the Securities or Guarantee (as applicable);  
(c) 
the Substitute has obtained all necessary governmental or regulatory approvals and consents for 
the performance by it of its obligations in connection with the Securities or Guarantee (as 
applicable) and that all such approvals and consents are in full force and effect and that the 
Substitute and the Securities comply with all applicable requirements of the Securities Act;  
(d) 
in the case of substitution of an Issuer or Guarantor pursuant to Condition 35.2 (Substitution of 
Issuer or Guarantor with non Morgan Stanley Group entities) above only: 
(i) 
the Substitute and the relevant Issuer having obtained (a) legal opinions from independent 
legal advisers of recognised standing in the country of incorporation of the Substitute and 
in England that the obligations of the Substitute, in the case of a substitution of an Issuer, 
under the Securities and the relevant Deed of Covenant, or, in New York in the case of a

--- Page 298 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
Part 1: General Terms and Conditions 
 
 
298 
 
substitution of the Guarantor under the Deed of Guarantee, are legal, valid and binding 
obligations of the Substitute and (b) in the case of the substitution of the Issuer which is 
MSBV or MSFL (or any substitute thereof), a legal opinion from an independent legal 
adviser in New York of recognised standing, that the Deed of Guarantee will apply to the 
Substitute mutatis mutandis as it applies to the Issuer prior to the substitution and will 
constitute legal, valid and binding obligations of the Guarantor, in respect of the 
Substitute, provided that no opinion as referred to in this sub paragraph (d) shall be 
required where the Substitute is the Guarantor with respect to MSBV Securities or MSFL 
Securities; and 
(ii) 
if the relevant Securities are rated at the relevant time, the Substitute has obtained, prior 
to the substitution date, acknowledgement from the relevant rating agencies that the 
substitution will not result in whole or in part in a withdrawal, downgrading, placement 
in creditwatch or negative outlook of the Securities;  
(e) 
the Fiscal Agent has confirmed to the relevant Issuer or Guarantor (as the case may be) that it has 
completed its relevant "know your customer" requirements on the proposed Substitute; 
(f) 
such substitution being permitted by the rules of any stock exchange on which the Securities are 
listed and each such stock exchange confirming that, following the proposed substitution of the 
Substitute, the Securities will continue to be listed on such stock exchange; 
(g) 
no payment in respect of the Securities, receipts and coupons is overdue at the relevant time;  
(h) 
at the time of any such substitution, the Substitute is in a position to fulfil all payment obligations 
arising from or in connection with the Securities in freely convertible and transferable lawful 
money without the necessity of any taxes or duties to be withheld at source, and to transfer all 
amounts which are required therefor to the Fiscal Agent without any restrictions;  
(i) 
if appropriate, the Substitute appointing a process agent as its agent in England to receive service 
of process on its behalf in relation to any legal action or proceedings arising out of or in connection 
with the Securities; 
(j) 
in respect of Securities which benefit from the Guarantee, such Securities shall continue to benefit 
from the Guarantee following substitution of the Issuer and/or the Guarantor (as the case may be), 
pursuant to this Condition 35; and 
(k) 
in respect of Nordic Securities, the relevant NCSD has given its consent to the substitution. 
 
Reference in the Conditions to the Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case may be) 
In the event of a substitution pursuant to this Condition 35, any reference in the Conditions to the 
relevant Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case may be) shall be construed as a reference to the entity 
substituted. 
 
Notification to Securityholders of substitutions with Morgan Stanley Group entities 
The relevant Issuer shall as soon as reasonably practicable, and in any event not more than 15 
Business Days after the date on which a substitution pursuant to Condition 35.1 (Substitution of 
Issuer with Morgan Stanley Group entities) has taken place, notify Securityholders of such 
substitution in accordance with Condition 28 (Notices). 
 
Right to Redemption in respect of substitutions with non Morgan Stanley Group entities  
(a) 
With respect to the right of substitution referred to in Condition 35.2 (Substitution of Issuer or 
Guarantor with non Morgan Stanley Group entities), the Issuer shall provide at least 60 calendar 
days' notice of any substitution under such Condition to Securityholders in accordance with 
Condition 28 (Notices). Securityholders who object to the substitution will have the right to require 
the Issuer to redeem their Securities at a price determined in accordance with the provisions of this 
Condition 35.6, by providing notice of their intention to exercise such right in the manner set out 
in this Condition 35.6 (the "Right to Redemption").

--- Page 299 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
Part 1: General Terms and Conditions 
 
 
299 
 
(b) 
The redemption of any Securities in respect of which the Right to Redemption has been exercised 
by Securityholders shall take place 10 Business Days prior to the relevant substitution becoming 
effective (the "Substitution Redemption Date"). The Issuer shall redeem any Securities in respect 
of which the Right to Redemption has been exercised at a price equal to (i) in the case of Securities 
the terms of which provide for the repayment in full of principal at maturity, the Replacement 
Value of such Securities or (ii) in every other case, the fair market value of such Securities on the 
day on which the relevant Right to Redemption Notice is deposited, in accordance with the 
provisions of this Condition 35.6, as determined by the Determination Agent in its reasonable 
discretion, together with interest (if any) accrued to such date (to the extent that such interest is 
not otherwise taken into account in determining the fair market value of such Securities).  
For the purpose of this Condition 35.6, "Replacement Value" means an amount determined by 
the Determination Agent, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, as at the 
day on which the relevant Right to Redemption Notice is deposited in accordance with the 
provisions of this Condition 35.6 to be the amount that a Qualified Financial Institution would 
charge to assume all of the Issuer's payment and other obligations with respect to the Securities as 
if the relevant Substitution Event described in Condition 35.2 (Substitution of Issuer or Guarantor 
with non Morgan Stanley Group entities) and the substitution described in this Condition 35 had 
not occurred or to undertake obligations that would have the effect of preserving the economic 
equivalent of any payment by the Issuer to the Securityholder with respect to the Securities.  
(c) 
In order to exercise the option contained in this Condition 35.6 the holder of a Security (other than 
an Uncertificated Security) must, not less than 15 Business Days before the date on which the 
substitution is due to take place (the "Substitution Date"), deposit such Security (together with 
all unmatured Coupons relating thereto) with the Registrar, and a duly completed Right to 
Redemption Notice in the form obtainable from any Paying Agent.  The Paying Agent with which 
a Security is so deposited shall deliver a duly completed Right to Redemption Receipt to the 
depositing Securityholder.  In respect of Nordic Securities, the Right to Redemption Notice shall 
not take effect against the Issuer before the date on which the relevant Nordic Securities have been 
transferred to the account designated by the Nordic Issuing Agent and blocked for further transfer 
by the relevant Nordic Issuing Agent.  No Security, once deposited with a duly completed Right 
to Redemption Notice in accordance with this Condition 35.6, may be withdrawn; provided, 
however, that if, prior to the relevant Substitution Redemption Date, any such Security becomes 
due and payable or, upon due presentation of any such Security on the relevant Substitution 
Redemption Date, payment of the redemption moneys is improperly withheld or refused, the 
relevant Paying Agent shall mail notification thereof to the depositing Securityholder at such 
address as may have been given by such Securityholder in the relevant Right to Redemption Notice 
and shall hold such Security at its Specified Office for collection by the depositing Securityholder 
against surrender of the relevant Right to Redemption Receipt.  For so long as any outstanding 
Security is held by a Paying Agent in accordance with this Condition 35.6, the depositor of such 
Security and not such Paying Agent shall be deemed to be the holder of such Security for all 
purposes. 
(d) 
In order to exercise the option contained in this Condition 35.6 the holder of an Uncertificated 
Security must, not less than 15 Business Days before the relevant Substitution Date, deposit with 
the Euroclear Registrar a duly completed Right to Redemption Notice in the form obtainable from 
the Euroclear Registrar.  The Euroclear Registrar with which a Right to Redemption Notice is so 
deposited shall deliver a duly completed Right to Redemption Receipt to the depositing 
Securityholder.  Once deposited a duly completed Right to Redemption Notice may not be 
withdrawn; provided, however, that if, prior to the relevant Substitution Redemption Date, the 
related Security becomes due and payable or, upon the relevant Substitution Redemption Date, 
payment of the redemption moneys is improperly withheld or refused, the Euroclear Registrar shall 
mail notification thereof to the depositing Securityholder at such address as may have been given 
by such Securityholder in the relevant Right to Redemption Notice and the relevant depositing 
Securityholder and not the Euroclear Registrar shall be deemed to be the holder of such Security 
for all purposes in such case. 
(e) 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, in respect of any Series of Securities for which Morgan Stanley is 
the Issuer, Securityholders shall only have the right to submit a Right to Redemption Notice from 
the date which is one calendar year after the Issue Date of such Securities.

--- Page 300 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
Part 1: General Terms and Conditions 
 
 
300 
 
(f) 
Any payments made to Securityholders in accordance with this Condition 35.6 shall be made in 
accordance with the provisions of Condition 17 (Payments – Registered Securities) or Condition 
18 (Payments – Uncertificated Securities), as applicable. 
 
Tax Consequences of substitution 
If the Issuer substitutes an entity in place of the Issuer as principal debtor under the Securities, the 
tax consequences (including the withholding tax consequences) of holding the Securities may 
change. Except as provided in Condition 20.1 (Additional Amounts), if withholding is required on 
the Securities, no additional amounts will be required to be paid.  
36. 
REPRESENTATIONS AND ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS BY SECURITYHOLDERS 
Each Securityholder shall be deemed to represent and acknowledge to the Issuer on acquiring any 
Securities that: 
 
neither the Issuer nor any Affiliate or any of their agents is acting as a fiduciary for it or provides 
investment, tax, accounting, legal or other advice in respect of the Securities and that such 
Securityholder and its advisors are not relying on any communication (written or oral and 
including, without limitation, opinions of third party advisors) of the Issuer or any Affiliate as (i) 
legal, regulatory, tax, business, investment, financial, accounting or other advice, (ii) a 
recommendation to invest in any Securities or (iii) an assurance or guarantee as to the expected 
results of an investment in the Securities (it being understood that information and explanations 
related to the terms and conditions of the Securities shall not be considered to be any such advice, 
recommendation, assurance or guarantee and should be independently confirmed by the recipient 
and its advisors prior to making any such investment); 
 
such Securityholder (i) has consulted with its own legal, regulatory, tax, business, investments, 
financial and accounting advisors to the extent that it has deemed necessary, and has made its own 
investment, hedging, and trading decisions based upon its own judgment and upon any advice 
from such advisors as it has deemed necessary and not upon any view expressed by the Issuer or 
any Affiliate or any of their agents and (ii) is acquiring the Securities with a full understanding of 
the terms, conditions and risks thereof and it is capable of and willing to assume those risks; and 
 
the Issuer and/or any Affiliates may have banking or other commercial relationships with issuers 
of any securities to which the Securities relate and may engage in proprietary trading in any 
securities, indices, fund interests or other property to which the Securities relate or options, futures, 
derivatives or other instruments relating thereto (including such trading as the Issuer and/or any 
Affiliate deem appropriate in their reasonable discretion to hedge the market risk on the Securities 
and other transactions between the Issuer and/or any Affiliates and any third parties), and that such 
trading (i) may affect the price or level thereof and consequently the amounts payable under the 
Securities and (ii) may be effected at any time, including on or near any Valuation Date, 
Observation Date, Interest Determination Date, Determination Date or Averaging Date. 
37. 
GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION 
 
Governing Law:  The Securities and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with them shall be governed by and construed in accordance with English law. 
 
Jurisdiction:  Each of Morgan Stanley, MSI plc, MSBV and MSFL agrees for the benefit of the 
Securityholders that the courts of England shall have jurisdiction to hear and determine any suit, 
action or proceedings, and to settle any disputes, which may arise out of or in connection with the 
Securities (respectively, "Proceedings" and "Disputes") and, for such purposes, irrevocably 
submits to the jurisdiction of such courts. 
 
Appropriate Forum:  Each of Morgan Stanley, MSBV and MSFL irrevocably waives any 
objection which it might now or hereafter have to the courts of England being nominated as the 
forum to hear and determine any Proceedings and to settle any Disputes, and agrees not to claim 
that any such court is not a convenient or appropriate forum. 
Process Agent:  Each of Morgan Stanley, MSBV and MSFL agrees that the process by which any 
Proceedings in England are begun may be served on it by being delivered to (i) in the case of

--- Page 301 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
Part 1: General Terms and Conditions 
 
 
301 
 
Morgan Stanley and MSBV, Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc, 25 Cabot Square, Canary 
Wharf, London E14 4QA or, if different, its registered office for the time being and (ii) in the case 
of MSFL, Morgan Stanley (UK) Limited, 25 Cabot Square, Canary Wharf, London E14 4QA or, 
if different, its registered office for the time being or (iii) at any address of the relevant Issuer in 
Great Britain at which process may be served on it in accordance with Part 34 of the Companies 
Act 2006.  If such Person is not or ceases to be effectively appointed to accept service of process 
on behalf of any Issuer, such Issuer shall, on the written demand of any Securityholder addressed 
to the Issuer and delivered to the Issuer or to the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent, appoint 
another Person in England to accept service of process on its behalf and, failing such appointment 
within 15 days, any Securityholder shall be entitled to appoint such a Person by written notice 
addressed to the Issuer and delivered to the Issuer or to the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent.  
Nothing in this paragraph shall affect the right of any Securityholder to serve process in any other 
manner permitted by law. 
38. 
RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of the Securities under the 
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999.

--- Page 302 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
Part 2: Additional Terms and Conditions 
 
 
302 
 
PART 2: ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
 
SECTION 1 
GENERAL ................................................................................................................. 303 
SECTION 2 
FIXED RATE NOTES AND/OR FLOATING RATE NOTES ................................ 306 
SECTION 6 
PREFERENCE SHARE-LINKED NOTES ............................................................... 380 
SECTION 7 
VALUE DETERMINATION TERMS ................................................................... 384 
SUB-SECTION I 
BASIC VALUE DETERMINATION TERMS .................................................. 384 
SUB-SECTION II 
LOOKBACK VALUE DETERMINATION TERMS ...................................... 387 
SUB-SECTION II 
AVERAGE VALUE DETERMINATION TERMS ......................................... 391 
SUB-SECTION II AVERAGE VALUE DETERMINATION TERMS ............................................. 396 
SECTION 8 
PERFORMANCE DETERMINATION TERMS ................................................. 399 
SECTION 9 
COMMODITY REFERENCE PRICE ....................................................................... 442

--- Page 303 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
Part 2: Additional Terms and Conditions 
Section 1 
General 
 
 
303 
 
 
Section 1 
General 
1. 
Additional Terms and Conditions  
These Additional Terms and Conditions ("Additional Terms and Conditions" or "Additional 
Conditions") contain additional terms and conditions which may be applicable to a Series of Securities if 
and to the extent so specified or indicated in the applicable Issue Terms, and which relate to, among other 
matters, amounts scheduled to be payable in respect of such Securities. 
2. 
Linked Securities and Relevant Underlying  
As used herein, Equity-Linked Securities, Commodity-Linked Securities, Currency-Linked Securities, 
Inflation-Linked Securities, Fund-Linked Securities, Preference Share-Linked Securities and Futures 
Contract-Linked Securities are collectively referred to as "Linked Securities" and, in relation to each Series 
of Linked Securities, "Relevant Underlying" means the share(s), equity index(es), exchange traded 
fund(s), commodity, commodity indices, currencies, inflation index(es), fund(s), preference shares of a 
company not affiliated to the Issuer futures contract(s) and/or constant maturity swap reference rate(s), 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms as the Share, the Basket of Shares, the Index (for Equity-Linked 
Securities), the Basket of Indices (for Equity-Linked Securities), the ETF Interest, the Basket of ETF 
Interests, the Commodity, the Basket of Commodities, the Commodity Index, the Basket of Commodity 
Indices (for Commodity-Linked Securities), the Currency Pair, the Inflation Index (for Inflation-Linked 
Securities), the Funds, the Basket of Fund Interests, the Preference Shares, the Futures Contract, the Basket 
of Futures Contracts, the CMS Reference Rate and, where the context so permits, each such share, index, 
exchange traded fund, commodity, commodity index, currency, inflation index, fund, fund interest, 
preference share, futures contract or constant maturity swap reference rate. 
3. 
Single Underlying  
Where certain provisions in these Additional Terms and Conditions are expressed as applying to Securities 
linked to a "Single Underlying", such provisions only apply to Linked Securities in respect of which the 
Relevant Underlying is comprised of (i) if such Securities are Share-Linked Securities, a single Share, (ii) 
if such Securities are Index-Linked Securities, a single Equity Index, (iii) if such Securities are ETF-Linked 
Securities, a single ETF Interest, (iv) if such Securities are Commodity-Linked Securities, a single 
Commodity or Commodity Index, (v) if such Securities are Currency-Linked Securities, a Currency Pair, 
(vi) if such Securities are Inflation-Linked Securities, a single Inflation Index, (vii) if such Securities are 
Fund-Linked Securities, a single Fund Interest, (viii) if such Securities are Preference Share-Linked 
Securities, a single Preference Share or (ix) if such Securities are Futures Contract-Linked Securities, a 
single Futures Contract and references to "Single Underlying" shall be to such Share, Equity Index, ETF 
Interest, Commodity, Commodity Index, Currency Pair, Inflation Index, Fund Interest, Preference Share or 
Futures Contract, as applicable. 
4. 
Basket and Basket Component  
Where certain provisions in these Additional Terms and Conditions are expressed as applying to Securities 
linked to a "Basket", such provisions only apply to Linked Securities in respect of which the Relevant 
Underlying is comprised of (i) if such Securities are Share-Linked Securities, a basket of Shares, (ii) if such 
Securities are Index-Linked Securities, a basket of Equity Indices, (iii) if such Securities are ETF-Linked 
Securities, a basket of ETF Interests, (iv) if such Securities are Commodity-Linked Securities, a basket of 
Commodities or Commodity Indices, (v) if such Securities are Currency-Linked Securities, a basket of 
Currency Pairs, (vi) if such Securities are Fund-Linked Securities, a basket of Fund Interests, or (vii) if such 
Securities are Futures Contract-Linked Securities, a basket of Futures Contracts, and references to "Basket" 
shall be to such Shares, Equity Indices, ETF Interests, Commodities, Commodity Indices, Currency Pairs, 
Fund Interests or Futures Contracts, as applicable, and references to "Basket Component" shall be to each 
such Share, Equity Index, ETF Interest, Commodity, Commodity Index, Currency Pair, Fund Interest or 
Futures Contract, as applicable, which comprises the Basket.

--- Page 304 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
Part 2: Additional Terms and Conditions 
Section 1 
General 
 
 
304 
 
5. 
Payment of interest  
The terms relating to the payment of interest (if any) and redemption may be linked to the performance 
and/or value of the Relevant Underlying determined in a number of different ways which will be specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms by reference to particular provisions contained in these Additional Terms and 
Conditions. 
6. 
Indicative Amounts 
If the applicable Issue Terms provide that the Securities are being offered to the public in circumstances 
requiring the prior publication of a prospectus under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, the applicable Issue 
Terms may specify an indicative amount, an indicative minimum amount, or an indicative maximum 
amount, or any combination of the foregoing, as applicable, in relation to any Specified Product Value 
which is not fixed or determined at the commencement of the Offer Period. If so specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, references in the Conditions to such Specified Product Value shall be construed as the amount, 
level, percentage, price, rate or value (as applicable) determined based on market conditions by the 
Determination Agent on or after the relevant date specified in the applicable Issue Terms, and is expected 
to be the indicative amount specified in the applicable Issue Terms (if so specified) but may be different 
from such indicative amount, and:  
(a) 
if an indicative minimum amount is provided in the applicable Issue Terms, the Specified Product 
Value will not be less than (or equal to) such indicative minimum amount; or 
(b) 
if an indicative maximum amount is provided in the applicable Issue Terms, the Specified Product 
Value will not be more than (or equal to) such indicative maximum amount; or 
(c) 
if both an indicative minimum amount and indicative maximum amount is provided in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the Specified Product Value will not be less than (or equal to) such 
indicative minimum amount and will not be more than (or equal to) such indicative maximum 
amount. 
Notice of the relevant Specified Product Value will be published prior to the Issue Date and on the website 
of the Issuer and/or Distribution Agent as indicated in the applicable Issue Terms and the relevant amount, 
level, percentage, price, rate or value specified in such notice will be deemed to be the Specified Product 
Value. 
For these purposes, "Specified Product Value" means any amount, level, percentage, price, rate or value 
which is specified in the Conditions as the amount, level, percentage, price, rate or value (as applicable) to 
be provided in the applicable Issue Terms (or phrases of similar import). 
7. 
Sections 2 to 6 of the Additional Terms and Conditions 
In addition: 
(a) 
If the applicable Final Terms are in the form set out in the section entitled "Pro Forma Final Terms 
for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities" of this Base Prospectus or the 
applicable Pricing Supplement is in the form set out in the section entitled "Pro Forma Pricing 
Supplement for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities" of this Base Prospectus, 
the applicable terms as to payment of interest (if any), early redemption and redemption at maturity 
will be as set out in Section 2 (Interest and Redemption Terms) below; and 
(b) 
If the applicable Final Terms are in the form set out in the section entitled "Pro Forma Final Terms 
for Preference Share-Linked Securities" of this Base Prospectus or the applicable Pricing 
Supplement is in the form set out in the section entitled "Pro Forma Pricing Supplement for 
Preference Share-Linked Securities" of this Base Prospectus, the applicable terms as to payment 
of interest (if any), early redemption and redemption at maturity will be as set out in Section 3 
(Additional Terms and Conditions for Preference Share-Linked Securities) below, 
provided that, in each case, the applicable Issue Terms should be read in conjunction with the General 
Terms and Conditions, which also contain applicable terms as to payment of interest (if any), early 
redemption and redemption at maturity.

--- Page 305 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
Part 2: Additional Terms and Conditions 
Section 1 
General 
 
 
305 
 
For the purpose of determining values of the Relevant Underlying, provisions from among those contained 
in Section 4 (Value Determination Terms) of these Additional Terms and Conditions will be specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms. 
For the purpose of determining values for the performance of the Relevant Underlying, provisions from 
among those contained in Section 5 (Performance Determination Terms) of these Additional Terms and 
Conditions will be specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
For the purpose of determining values for the performance of the Relevant Underlying, provisions from 
among those contained in Section 6 (Commodity Reference Price) of these Additional Terms and 
Conditions will be specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
The provisions set out in each of the following Sections 2 to 6 (inclusive) of these Additional Terms and 
Conditions which are, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, applicable to a Series of Securities 
comprise additional Terms and Conditions forming part of the Conditions of the Securities of such Series.  
Any reference to a numbered "Paragraph" in the following Sections 2 to 6 (inclusive) of these Additional 
Terms and Conditions shall be construed as a reference to the relevant Paragraph of these Additional Terms 
and Conditions contained in the relevant Section thereof.

--- Page 306 ---
Terms and Conditions of Securities 
Part 2: Additional Terms and Conditions 
Section 2 
Interest and Redemption Terms 
 
 
306 
 
 
Section 2 
INTEREST AND REDEMPTION TERMS 
The terms set out in this Section 2 (Interest and Redemption Terms) will apply to a Series of Securities if, 
and to the extent, so specified in the applicable Issue Terms. The Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as 
applicable, in respect of such a Series of Securities will be in the form set out under "Pro Forma Final Terms 
for Securities Other Than Preference Share-Linked Securities" or the "Pro Forma Pricing Supplement for 
Securities Other Than Preference Share-Linked Securities", respectively, in the base prospectus relating to 
the Securities dated 15 July July 2022 (as supplemented from time to time, the "Base Prospectus").  
Sub-Section I (Interest) of this Section 2 (Interest and Redemption Terms) sets out provisions relating to 
the payment of interest which may be specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Sub-Section II (Automatic Early Redemption (Autocall)) of this Section 2 (Interest and Redemption Terms) 
sets out provisions relating to early redemption which may be specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Sub-Section III (Redemption at Maturity) of this Section 2 (Interest and Redemption Terms) sets out 
provisions relating to redemption at maturity which may be specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Sub-Section IV (Definitions) of this Section 2 (Interest and Redemption Terms) sets out definitions which 
apply this Section 2 (Interest and Redemption Terms). 
 
Sub-Section I 
Interest 
The terms set out in this Sub-Section I (Interest) of this Section 2 (Interest and Redemption Terms) will 
apply to a Series of Securities if, and to the extent, so specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Capitalised terms not defined in this Sub-Section I (Interest) of this Section 2 (Interest and Redemption 
Terms) shall have the meaning given in Sub-Section IV (Definitions) of this Section 2 (Interest and 
Redemption Terms) or Condition 2.1 (Definitions) of the General Conditions. 
More than one of the following terms set out in this Sub-Section I (Interest) of this Section 2 (Interest and 
Redemption Terms)  (each, an "Interest Basis") may be applicable in respect of different Interest Periods 
and/or Interest Payment Dates in respect of any Series of Securities, as specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms. If "Switchable Security Provisions" or "Automatic Change of Interest Basis" is specified to be 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms in relation to the Securities, then the Securities may (at the option 
of the Issuer, in the case where "Switchable Security Provisions" apply) or shall (in the case where 
"Automatic Change of Interest Basis" applies) have more than one interest basis applicable to different 
Interest Periods and/or Interest Payment Dates. In such case, the Interest Basis(es) applicable in relation to 
the particular type(s) of Securities and Interest Basis shall apply in respect of the relevant Interest Period(s) 
and/or Interest Payment Date(s) as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
If the applicable Issue Terms specify "Automatic Change of Interest Basis" to be applicable, then the 
Rate of Interest in respect of an Interest Period and/or Interest Payment Date will be determined in 
accordance with the Interest Basis applicable to such Interest Period and/or Interest Payment Date, which 
will be in respect of: 
(i)  
the Interest Period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and ending on 
(but excluding) the first succeeding Interest Payment Date after the Interest Commencement Date, 
the interest basis set forth in the Interest Basis Table in the column headed "Type of Securities" in 
the row corresponding to the date (specified in the column headed "Interest Payment Date(s)") on 
which such first Interest Payment Date is scheduled to fall; and  
(ii)  
each successive Interest Period beginning on (and including) an Interest Period End Date and ending 
on (but excluding) next succeeding Interest Payment Date, the interest basis set forth in the Interest 
Basis Table in the column headed  "Type of Securities" in the row corresponding to the date 
(specified in the column headed "Interest Payment Date(s)") on which such next succeeding Interest 
Payment Date (on which such Interest Period ends) is scheduled to fall.

--- Page 307 ---
Terms and Conditions of Securities 
Part 2: Additional Terms and Conditions 
Section 2 
Interest and Redemption Terms 
 
 
307 
 
Where "Interest Basis Table" means a table specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
The following Interest Basis(es) shall apply with respect to an Interest Period and/or Interest Payment Date 
if, in respect of the relevant Interest Period and/or Interest Payment Date, the applicable Issue Terms specify 
them to be applicable.  
1.1. 
Fixed Rate Securities  
If, in respect of an Interest Period and/or Interest Payment Date, the applicable Issue Terms specify 
"Fixed Rate Securities Provisions" to be applicable, interest shall accrue and be payable on the 
Securities of the relevant Series in respect of each Interest Period at a fixed Rate of Interest in 
accordance with Condition 5 (Fixed Rate Security Provisions) of the General Conditions and the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
1.2. 
Step-Up Securities and Step-Down Securities 
(a) 
Step-Up Securities 
If, in respect of an Interest Period and/or Interest Payment Date, the applicable Issue Terms specify 
"Step-Up Securities" to be applicable, interest shall accrue and be payable on the Securities of the 
relevant Series in respect of each Interest Period in accordance with Condition 5 (Fixed Rate 
Security Provisions) of the General Conditions and the applicable Issue Terms provided that the 
Rate of Interest shall increase during the term of such Securities and shall, with respect to each 
Interest Period, be the Fixed Interest Rate specified with respect to that Interest Period in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
(b) 
Step-Down Securities 
If, in respect of an Interest Period and/or Interest Payment Date, the applicable Issue Terms specify 
"Step-Down Securities" to be applicable, interest shall accrue and be payable on the Securities of 
the relevant Series in respect of each Interest Period in accordance with Condition 5 (Fixed Rate 
Security Provisions) of the General Conditions and the applicable Issue Terms provided that the 
Rate of Interest shall decrease during the term of such Securities and shall, with respect to each 
Interest Period, be the Fixed Interest Rate specified with respect to that Interest Period in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
1.3. 
Fixed to Floating Rate Securities and Floating to Fixed Rate Securities 
(a) 
Fixed to Floating Rate Securities 
If, in respect of an Interest Period and/or Interest Payment Date, the applicable Issue Terms specify 
"Fixed to Floating Securities" to be applicable, interest shall accrue and be payable on the 
Securities of the relevant Series: 
(i) 
with respect to the first Interest Period, and such subsequent Interest Periods as are specified 
for this purpose in the applicable Issue Terms, at a fixed Rate of Interest in accordance with 
Condition 5 (Fixed Rate Security Provisions) of the General Conditions and the applicable 
Issue Terms; and 
(ii) 
with respect to each Interest Period thereafter, at a variable Rate of Interest in accordance 
with Condition 6.3 (Accrual of Interest) of the General Conditions and the applicable Issue 
Terms (and (save as provided in the applicable Issue Terms in relation to any particular 
provision) the other Floating Rate Security Provisions shall apply for such purposes). 
(b) 
Floating to Fixed Rate Securities 
If, in respect of an Interest Period and/or Interest Payment Date, the applicable Issue Terms specify 
"Floating to Fixed Securities" to be applicable, interest shall accrue and be payable on the 
Securities of the relevant Series: 
(i) 
with respect to the first Interest Period, and such subsequent Interest Periods as are specified 
for this purpose in the applicable Issue Terms, at a variable Rate of Interest in accordance 
with Condition 6 (Floating Rate Security, Equity-Linked, Commodity-Linked, Currency-

--- Page 308 ---
Terms and Conditions of Securities 
Part 2: Additional Terms and Conditions 
Section 2 
Interest and Redemption Terms 
 
 
308 
 
Linked, Inflation-Linked, Fund-Linked and Futures Contract-Linked Interest Provisions) 
of the General Conditions and the applicable Issue Terms; and 
(ii) 
with respect to each Interest Period thereafter, at a fixed Rate of Interest in accordance with 
Condition 6.3 (Accrual of Interest) of the General Conditions and the applicable Issue 
Terms (and (save as provided in the applicable Issue Terms in relation to any particular 
provision) the other Fixed Rate Security Provisions shall apply for such purposes). 
1.4. 
Floating Rate Securities 
If, in respect of an Interest Period and/or Interest Payment Date, the applicable Issue Terms specify 
"Floating Rate Securities Provisions" to be applicable, interest shall accrue and be payable on 
the Securities of the relevant Series in respect of each Interest Period at a variable Rate of Interest 
in accordance with Condition 6.3 (Accrual of Interest) of the General Conditions (and (save as 
provided in the applicable Issue Terms in relation to any particular provision) the other Floating 
Rate Security Provisions) and the applicable Issue Terms. 
1.5. 
Floored Floating Rate Securities 
If, in respect of an Interest Period and/or Interest Payment Date, the applicable Issue Terms specify 
"Floored Floating Rate Securities" to be applicable, interest shall accrue and be payable on the 
Securities of the relevant Series in respect of each Interest Period at a variable Rate of Interest in 
accordance with Condition 6.3 (Accrual of Interest) of the General Conditions (and (save as 
provided in the applicable Issue Terms in relation to any particular provision) the other Floating 
Rate Security Provisions) and the applicable Issue Terms but being not less than the Minimum 
Rate of Interest applicable for the purposes of Condition 6.14 (Maximum or Minimum Rate of 
Interest) of the General Conditions as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
1.6. 
Capped Floating Rate Securities 
If, in respect of an Interest Period and/or Interest Payment Date, the applicable Issue Terms specify 
"Capped Floating Rate Securities" to be applicable, interest shall accrue and be payable on the 
Securities of the relevant Series in respect of each Interest Period at a variable Rate of Interest in 
accordance with Condition 6.3 (Accrual of Interest) of the General Conditions (and (save as 
provided in the applicable Issue Terms in relation to any particular provision) the other Floating 
Rate Security Provisions) and the applicable Issue Terms but not exceeding the Maximum Rate of 
Interest applicable for the purposes of Condition 6.14 (Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest) of 
the General Conditions as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
1.7. 
Collared Floating Rate Securities 
If, in respect of an Interest Period and/or Interest Payment Date, the applicable Issue Terms specify 
"Collared Floating Rate Securities" to be applicable, interest shall accrue and be payable on the 
Securities of the relevant Series in respect of each Interest Period at a variable Rate of Interest in 
accordance with Condition 6.3 (Accrual of Interest) of the General Conditions (and (save as 
provided in the applicable Issue Terms in relation to any particular provision) the other Floating 
Rate Security Provisions) and the applicable Issue Terms but not exceeding the Maximum Rate of 
Interest and being not less than the Minimum Rate of Interest, in each case as applicable for the 
purposes of Condition 6.14 (Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest) of the General Conditions as 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
1.8. 
Range Accrual Securities 
If, in respect of an Interest Period and/or Interest Payment Date, the applicable Issue Terms specify 
"Range Accrual Securities" to be applicable, interest shall accrue on the Securities of the relevant 
Series in respect of each Interest Period (subject as specified in the applicable Issue Terms) and 
shall be payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date (subject as specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms), being an amount per Calculation Amount determined by the Determination Agent 
in accordance with the following formula: 
 
Calculation Amount ×Coupon Rate ×

--- Page 309 ---
Terms and Conditions of Securities 
Part 2: Additional Terms and Conditions 
Section 2 
Interest and Redemption Terms 
 
 
309 
 
Number of Observation Days (Accrual Condition Satisfied)
Total Number of Observation Days
 × Day Count Fraction 
 
Provided that if the Securities are specified in the applicable Issue Terms as being: 
(i) 
"Floored Range Accrual Securities", interest shall accrue and be payable on the Securities 
of the relevant Series in respect of each Interest Period at a variable Rate of Interest in 
accordance with this Paragraph 1.8 and the applicable Issue Terms but not being less than 
the Minimum Rate of Interest applicable for the purposes of Condition 6.14 (Maximum or 
Minimum Rate of Interest) as specified in the applicable Issue Terms; 
(ii) 
"Capped Range Accrual Securities", interest shall accrue and be payable on the Securities 
of the relevant Series in respect of each Interest Period at a variable Rate of Interest in 
accordance with this Paragraph 1.8 and the applicable Issue Terms but not exceeding the 
Maximum Rate of Interest applicable for the purposes of Condition 6.14 (Maximum or 
Minimum Rate of Interest) as specified in the applicable Issue Terms; 
(iii) 
"Collared Range Accrual Securities", interest shall accrue and be payable on the 
Securities of the relevant Series in respect of each Interest Period at a variable Rate of 
Interest in accordance with this Paragraph 1.8 and the applicable Issue Terms but not 
exceeding the Maximum Rate of Interest and being not less than the Minimum Rate of 
Interest, in each case as applicable for the purposes of Condition 6.14 (Maximum or 
Minimum Rate of Interest) as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
and for the purposes of the above proviso, the "Rate of Interest" means the rate of interest 
determined by the Determination Agent from the product of (i) the Coupon Rate, and (ii) the 
Number of Observation Days (Accrual Condition Satisfied), divided by the Total Number of 
Observation Days in such Accrual Period.  
Where: 
"Accrual Business Day" means a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets 
settle payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and 
foreign currency deposits) in each Accrual Business Day Centre specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, and if "Accrual Business Day Centre" is specified to be or to include: (i) "U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day", then "Accrual Business Day" shall also be any day other 
than a Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets 
Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire 
day for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities; or (ii) "TARGET" or "TARGET 
Settlement Day", then "Accrual Business Day" shall include a TARGET Settlement Day; 
"Accrual Business Day Centre" means the city or cities specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms; 
"Accrual Condition" means, and will be satisfied on any Accrual Observation Day in an Accrual 
Period if, as determined by the Determination Agent, the Accrual Reference Observation is:  
(i) 
if the applicable Issue Terms specify "Single Barrier Range Accrual" to be applicable and 
specify:  
A. 
"Accrual Reference Observation greater than Coupon Barrier Value", greater than 
Coupon Barrier Value; or  
B.            "Accrual Reference Observation greater than or equal to Coupon Barrier 
Value", greater than or equal to Coupon Barrier Value; or  
C.           "Accrual Reference Observation less than Coupon Barrier Value", less than 
Coupon Barrier Value; or  
D. 
"Accrual Reference Observation less than or equal to Coupon Barrier 
Value", less than or equal to Coupon Barrier Value; or

--- Page 310 ---
Terms and Conditions of Securities 
Part 2: Additional Terms and Conditions 
Section 2 
Interest and Redemption Terms 
 
 
310 
 
E. "Accrual Reference Observation equal to Coupon Barrier Value", equal to Coupon 
Barrier Value; or 
(ii) 
if the applicable Issue Terms specify "Dual Barrier Range Accrual" to be applicable and 
specify: 
A. 
"Accrual Reference Observation greater than Lower Barrier Value", greater 
than Lower Barrier Value; or 
B. 
"Accrual Reference Observation greater than or equal to Lower Barrier 
Value", greater than or equal to Lower Barrier Value; or 
C. 
"Accrual Reference Observation less than Lower Barrier Value", less than 
Lower Barrier Value; or 
D. 
"Accrual Reference Observation less than or equal to Lower Barrier Value", 
less than or equal to Lower Barrier Value; and 
(iii) 
the applicable Issue Terms specify that: 
A. 
"Accrual Reference Observation greater than Upper Barrier Value", greater 
than Upper Barrier Value; or  
B. 
"Accrual Reference Observation greater than or equal to Upper Barrier 
Value", greater than or equal to Upper Barrier Value; or 
C. 
"Accrual Reference Observation less than Upper Barrier Value", less than 
Upper Barrier Value; or  
D. 
"Accrual Reference Observation less than or equal to Upper Barrier Value", 
less than or equal to Upper Barrier Value. 
"Accrual Observation Day" means either of the following as specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms: (i) a calendar day, or (ii) an Accrual Business Day;  
"Accrual Period" means either of the following as specified in the applicable Issue Terms: (i) 
each Interest Period specified as an "Accrual Period" in the applicable Issue Terms; or (ii) in 
respect of each Scheduled Interest Payment Date, the period commencing on (and including) the 
Accrual Period Start Date falling immediately prior to such Scheduled Interest Payment Date and 
ending on (but excluding) the corresponding Accrual Period End Date;  
"Accrual Period End Date" means any one or more of the following as specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms: (i) in respect of each Accrual Period Start Date, the Scheduled Interest Payment Date 
immediately following such Accrual Period Start Date, (ii) in respect of each Accrual Period Start 
Date, the Interest Payment Date immediately following such Accrual Period Start Date, or (iii) 
each date specified as an "Accrual Period End Date" in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"Accrual Period Start Date" means any one or more of the following as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms: (i) the Interest Commencement Date, (ii) each Scheduled Interest Payment 
Date other than any Scheduled Interest Payment Date falling on the Scheduled Maturity Date, (iii) 
each Interest Payment Date other than any Interest Payment Date falling on the Maturity Date, or 
(iv) each date specified as the "Accrual Period Start Date" in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"Accrual Reference Observation" means either of the following as specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms:  
(i) single Underlying Rate; or  
(ii) sum of Underlying Rate 1 plus Underlying Rate 2; or 
(iii) difference of Underlying Rate 1 minus Underlying Rate 2;

--- Page 311 ---
Terms and Conditions of Securities 
Part 2: Additional Terms and Conditions 
Section 2 
Interest and Redemption Terms 
 
 
311 
 
"Coupon Rate" means either of the following as specified in the applicable Issue Terms: (i) a 
Fixed Interest Rate, or (ii) a Floating Interest Rate, and if the manner in which the Floating Interest 
Rate is to be determined is specified by the applicable Issue Terms to be: (a) Screen Rate 
Determination, the Determination Agent shall determine the Floating Interest Rate in accordance 
with Condition 6.5 (Screen Rate Determination); (b) ISDA Determination, the Determination 
Agent shall determine the Floating Interest Rate in accordance with Condition 6.6 (ISDA 
Determination), (c) CMS Rate Determination, the Determination Agent shall determine the 
Floating Interest Rate in accordance with Condition 6.7 (CMS Rate Determination), provided that 
if the Coupon Rate specified is a Floating Interest Rate, and if the applicable Issue Terms specify:  
(i) 
a Cap, the Coupon Rate shall not exceed the Cap; or 
(ii) 
a Floor, the Coupon Rate shall not be less than the Floor; or 
(iii) 
a Cap and a Floor, the Coupon Rate shall not exceed the Cap, and shall not be less than the 
Floor;  
"Coupon Barrier Value" means the value, expressed as a percentage, specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms; 
"Lower Barrier Value" means the value, expressed as a percentage, specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms; 
"Number of Observation Days (Accrual Condition Satisfied)" means, in respect of each 
Accrual Period and as determined by the Determination Agent, the number of Accrual Observation 
Days in such Accrual Period on which the Accrual Condition is satisfied; 
"Rate Cut-Off Date" means, in respect of each Accrual Period and the Accrual Period End Date 
for such Accrual Period, if the applicable Issue Terms specify: (i) "Default Rate Cut-Off Date", 
the fifth Accrual Business Day falling prior to such Accrual Period End Date; or (ii) "Specified 
Rate Cut-Off Date", the number of calendar days or Accrual Business Days falling prior to the 
Accrual Period End Date for each Accrual Period as specified in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"Scheduled Interest Payment Date" means each date specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms; 
"Total Number of Observation Days" means, in respect of each Accrual Period and as 
determined by the Determination Agent, the total number of Accrual Observation Days in that 
Accrual Period;  
"Underlying Rate" and if applicable, each of "Underlying Rate 1" and "Underlying Rate 2" 
means, in respect any Accrual Observation Day in an Accrual Period, the Reference Rate specified 
as the "Underlying Rate" (and if applicable, the "Underlying Rate 1" and "Underlying Rate 2" 
respectively) in the applicable Issue Terms for such day, provided that:  
(i) 
if such Accrual Observation Day is not an Accrual Business Day, the Underlying Rate for 
such day will be deemed to be equal to the Reference Rate on the Accrual Business Day 
immediately preceding such Accrual Observation Day; and  
(ii) 
if such Accrual Observation Day falls in the period commencing on (but excluding) the 
Rate Cut-Off Date for such Accrual Period and ending on, but excluding such Accrual 
Period End Date for such Accrual Period (such period, a "Rate Cut-Off Period"), the 
Underlying Rate for each Accrual Observation Day falling in such Rate Cut-Off Period will 
be deemed to be the Reference Rate on the Rate Cut-Off Date for such Accrual Period; and  
"Upper Barrier Value" means the value, expressed as a percentage, specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
1.9. 
Barrier Securities 
If, in addition to one or more of Paragraphs 1.1 (Fixed Rate Securities) to 1.7 (Collared Floating 
Rate Securities) above, the Securities of the relevant Series are specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms as "Barrier Securities", interest (calculated in accordance with the applicable provisions

--- Page 312 ---
Terms and Conditions of Securities 
Part 2: Additional Terms and Conditions 
Section 2 
Interest and Redemption Terms 
 
 
312 
 
of Paragraphs 1.1 (Fixed Rate Securities) to 1.7 (Collared Floating Rate Securities) above) will 
only be paid on the Securities of the relevant Series if the Determination Agent determines that, as 
of any Interest Determination Date, the Reference Rate is (i) greater than, (ii) greater than or equal 
to, (iii) equal to, (iv) less than, or (v) less than or equal to, as specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the Coupon Barrier Value in respect of such Interest Determination Date. No interest shall 
otherwise be payable in respect of such Securities. 
For these purposes: 
"Coupon Barrier Value" means, in respect of any Interest Determination Date, a value, expressed 
as a percentage, specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
1.10. 
Steepener Securities 
If the applicable Issue Terms specify "Steepener Securities" to be applicable, interest shall accrue 
on the Securities of the relevant Series at the Rate of Interest (such Rate of Interest, the "Steepener 
Interest Rate") in respect of each Interest Period subject to the Steepener Security Provisions (as 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms), and such interest shall be payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date subject to the Steepener Security Provisions (as specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms).  
The Steepener Interest Rate in respect of an Interest Period shall be an amount determined by the 
Determination Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
(Leverage 1 × Rate 1)-(Leverage 2 × Rate 2) + Spread 
provided that if the applicable Issue Terms specify: 
(i) 
a Cap, the amount calculated in accordance with the above formula shall not exceed the 
Cap; or 
(ii) 
a Floor, the amount calculated in accordance with the above formula shall not be less than 
the Floor; or 
(iii) 
a Cap and a Floor, the amount calculated in accordance with the above formula shall not 
exceed the Cap, and shall not be less than the Floor; or 
(iv) 
"Curve Cap" to be applicable, the amount calculated in accordance with the above formula 
shall not exceed the Curve Cap.  
Where: 
"Curve Cap" means an amount (expressed as a percentage) determined by the Determination 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
 
(Leverage 3 × Rate 3) + Curve Cap Spread 
 
"Curve Cap Spread" means an amount (expressed as a percentage) specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, which shall be preceded by either a "+" (plus) or a "−" (minus) sign (provided that if 
the applicable Issue Terms specify Curve Cap Spread to be not applicable, it shall be deemed to 
be zero). 
"Leverage" means an amount (expressed as a percentage) specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
in respect of such period or day (as applicable), which shall be preceded by either a "+" (plus) or 
a "-" (minus) sign (provided that if the applicable Issue Terms specify Leverage to be not 
applicable, it shall be deemed to be 1). 
"Leverage 1", "Leverage 2" and "Leverage 3" each means the Leverage specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
"Rate 1", "Rate 2" and "Rate 3" each means a Reference Rate specified as such in the applicable 
Issue Terms.

--- Page 313 ---
Terms and Conditions of Securities 
Part 2: Additional Terms and Conditions 
Section 2 
Interest and Redemption Terms 
 
 
313 
 
"Spread" means an amount (expressed as a percentage) specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
which shall be preceded by either a "+" (plus) or a "−" (minus) sign (provided that if the applicable 
Issue Terms specify Spread to be not applicable, it shall be deemed to be zero). 
1.11. 
Digital Option Securities 
If the applicable Issue Terms specify "Digital Option Securities" to be applicable, interest shall 
accrue on the Securities of the relevant Series at the Rate of Interest (such Rate of Interest, the 
"Digital Option Interest Rate") in respect of each Interest Period (subject as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms) and such interest (the "Digital Option Interest") shall be payable in arrear 
on each Interest Payment Date (subject as specified in the applicable Issue Terms).  
The Digital Option Interest Rate in respect of each Interest Period subject to the Digital Option 
Security Provisions (as specified in the applicable Issue Terms) shall be determined by the 
Determination Agent in accordance with paragraph (i) or (ii) below: 
(i) 
if the Digital Condition is satisfied on the Digital Condition Determination Date in respect 
of such Interest Period, the Digital Option Interest Rate in respect of such Interest Period 
shall be an amount determined by the Determination Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
(Leverage × Reference Rate) + Margin 
provided that if the applicable Issue Terms specify: 
(a) 
a Cap, the amount calculated in accordance with the above formula shall not exceed 
the Cap; or 
(b) 
a Floor, the amount calculated in accordance with the above formula shall not be 
less than the Floor; or 
(c) 
a Cap and a Floor, the amount calculated in accordance with the above formula shall 
not exceed the Cap, and shall not be less than the Floor; or  
(ii) 
if the Digital Condition is not satisfied on the Digital Condition Determination Date in 
respect of such Interest Period, the Digital Option Interest Rate in respect of such Interest 
Period shall be the Digital Condition Fixed Rate. 
"Digital Condition" means in respect of an Interest Period, and will be satisfied on the Digital 
Condition Determination Date in respect of such Interest Period if, the Digital Reference Rate for 
such Interest Period as determined by the Determination Agent is, if the applicable Issue Terms 
specify: 
(i) 
"Digital Reference Rate greater than Strike 1", greater than Strike 1; or 
(ii) 
"Digital Reference Rate greater than or equal to Strike 1", greater than or equal to Strike 1; 
or 
(iii) 
"Digital Reference Rate less than Strike 1", less than Strike 1; or 
(iv) 
"Digital Reference Rate less than or equal to Strike 1", less than or equal to Strike 1; 
and, if the applicable Issue Terms specify: 
(i) 
"Digital Reference Rate greater than Strike 2", greater than Strike 2; or 
(ii) 
"Digital Reference Rate greater than or equal to Strike 2", greater than or equal to Strike 2; 
or 
(iii) 
"Digital Reference Rate less than Strike 2", less than Strike 2; or

--- Page 314 ---
Terms and Conditions of Securities 
Part 2: Additional Terms and Conditions 
Section 2 
Interest and Redemption Terms 
 
 
314 
 
(iv) 
"Digital Reference Rate less than or equal to Strike 2", less than or equal to Strike 2. 
"Digital Condition Determination Date" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the date 
specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms.  
"Digital Condition Fixed Rate" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the rate (expressed as a 
percentage per annum) of interest specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms in respect of 
such Interest Period, provided that if the applicable Issue Terms specify Digital Condition Fixed 
Rate to be not applicable, the Digital Condition Fixed Rate in respect of such Interest Period shall 
be deemed to be zero per cent.  
"Digital Reference Rate" means an amount determined by the Determination Agent as of each 
Digital Condition Determination Date in accordance with the following formula: 
 
(Leverage 1 × Rate 1) - (Leverage 2 × Rate 2) - Spread 
 
"Leverage" means an amount (expressed as a percentage) specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
in respect of such period or day (as applicable), which shall be preceded by either a "+" (plus) or 
a "−" (minus) sign (provided that if the applicable Issue Terms specify Leverage to be not 
applicable, it shall be deemed to be 1). 
"Leverage 1" and "Leverage 2" each means the Leverage specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
"Rate 1" and "Rate 2" each means a Reference Rate specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
 
"Spread" means the value as specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
 
"Strike 1" and "Strike 2" each means the value specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms.  
 
1.12. 
Inverse Floater Securities 
If the applicable Issue Terms specify "Inverse Floater Securities" to be applicable, interest shall 
accrue on the Securities of the relevant Series at the Rate of Interest (such Rate of Interest, the 
"Inverse Floater Interest Rate") in respect of each Interest Period subject to the Inverse Floater 
Security Provisions (as specified in the applicable Issue Terms). Interest shall be payable in arrear 
on each Interest Payment Date subject to the Inverse Floater Security Provisions (as specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms). The Inverse Floater Interest Rate in respect of an Interest Period shall 
be an amount determined by the Determination Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
 
Fixed Interest Rate - (Leverage × Floating Interest Rate) 
provided that if the applicable Issue Terms specify: 
(a)  
a Cap, the amount calculated in accordance with the above formula shall not exceed the 
Cap; or 
(b)  
a Floor, the amount calculated in accordance with the above formula shall not be less than 
the Floor; or 
(c)  
a Cap and a Floor, the amount calculated in accordance with the above formula shall not 
exceed the Cap, and shall not be less than the Floor.   
Where "Fixed Interest Rate" shall be determined in accordance with Condition 5 (Fixed Rate 
Security Provisions) of the General Conditions and "Floating Interest Rate" shall be determined 
in accordance with Condition 6 (Floating Rate Security, Equity-Linked, Commodity-Linked, 
Currency-Linked, Inflation-Linked, Fund-Linked and Futures Contract-Linked Interest 
Provisions) of the General Conditions.

--- Page 315 ---
Terms and Conditions of Securities 
Part 2: Additional Terms and Conditions 
Section 2 
Interest and Redemption Terms 
 
 
315 
 
For these purposes, "Leverage" means an amount (expressed as a percentage) specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms in respect of such period or day (as applicable), which shall be preceded 
by either a "+" (plus) or a "−" (minus) sign (provided that if the applicable Issue Terms specify 
Leverage to be not applicable, it shall be deemed to be 1). 
1.13. 
Switchable Securities 
If the applicable Issue Terms specify "Switchable Securities" to be applicable and specify the 
Switchable Securities to be: 
(i) 
"Fixed to Floating Switchable Securities", the Rate of Interest in respect of 
each Interest Period shall be the Fixed Interest Rate, and the Securities shall bear 
interest at such Rate of Interest payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date 
falling at the end of each Interest Period. The Securities shall be deemed to be 
Fixed Rate Securities, the Fixed Rate Security Provisions shall apply and interest 
shall accrue and be payable on the Securities in accordance with Condition 5 
(Fixed Rate Security Provisions) of the General Conditions. 
(ii) 
"Floating to Fixed Switchable Securities", the Rate of Interest in respect of 
each Interest Period shall be the Floating Interest Rate, and the Securities shall 
bear interest at such Rate of Interest payable in arrear on the Interest Payment 
Date falling at the end of each Interest Period. The Securities shall be deemed to 
be Floating Rate Securities and the Floating Rate Security Provisions shall apply 
and interest shall accrue and be payable on the Securities in accordance with 
Condition 6 (Floating Rate Security, Equity-Linked, Commodity-Linked, 
Currency-Linked, Inflation-Linked, Fund-Linked and Futures Contract-Linked 
Interest Provisions) of the General Conditions,  
provided that the Issuer may, on any Conversion Exercise Date, exercise the option to convert the 
Rate of Interest in respect of each Interest Period subject to the Switchable Security Provisions (as 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms) commencing on or after such Conversion Exercise Date 
(such option, "Conversion Option") by giving an irrevocable notice to the Securityholders in 
accordance with Condition 28 (Notices) of the General Conditions on a day not later than 
Conversion Notice Cut-Off Date. The Conversion Option may only be exercised once on a 
Conversion Exercise Date. 
If the Issuer has exercised the Conversion Option on a Conversion Exercise Date (such date, the 
"Conversion Effective Date"), the Rate of Interest in respect of each Interest Period falling in the 
period commencing on or after such Conversion Effective Date and ending on (but excluding) the 
Maturity Date, shall be, if the applicable Issue Terms specify "Switchable Securities" to be: 
(i) 
"Fixed to Floating Switchable Securities", the Floating Interest Rate, and the Securities 
shall bear interest from the Conversion Effective Date at such Rate of Interest payable in 
arrear on each Interest Payment Date falling at the end of each such Interest Period. The 
Securities shall, from the Conversion Effective Date, be deemed to be Floating Rate 
Securities, the Floating Rate Security Provisions shall apply and interest shall accrue and 
be payable on the Securities in accordance with Condition 6 (Floating Rate Security, 
Equity-Linked, Commodity-Linked, Currency-Linked, Inflation-Linked, Fund-Linked and 
Futures Contract-Linked Interest Provisions) of the General Conditions; or 
(ii) 
"Floating to Fixed Switchable Securities", the Fixed Interest Rate, and the Securities shall 
bear interest from the Conversion Effective Date at such Rate of Interest payable in arrear 
on each Interest Payment Date falling at the end of each such Interest Period. The Securities 
shall, from the Conversion Effective Date, be deemed to be Fixed Rate Securities, the Fixed 
Rate Security Provisions shall apply and interest shall accrue and be payable on the 
Securities in accordance with Condition 5 (Fixed Rate Security Provisions) of the General 
Conditions.

--- Page 316 ---
Terms and Conditions of Securities 
Part 2: Additional Terms and Conditions 
Section 2 
Interest and Redemption Terms 
 
 
316 
 
Where:  
"Conversion Exercise Date" means any of the following as specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms: (i) each Interest Payment Date or (ii) each date specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms.  
"Conversion Notice Cut-Off Date" means, in respect of each Conversion Exercise Date, if the 
applicable Issue Terms specify (i) Default Conversion Notice Cut-Off Date, the 15th Business Day 
prior to such Conversion Exercise Date, or (ii) any other day specified as such in the applicable 
Issue Terms in respect of such Conversion Exercise Date. 
1.14. 
No Coupon 
If, in respect of an Interest Period and/or Interest Payment Date, the applicable Issue Terms specify 
"No Coupon" to be applicable, no interest shall be payable on the Securities of the relevant Series; 
1.15. 
Regular Coupon 
If, in respect of an Interest Period and/or Interest Payment Date, the applicable Issue Terms specify 
"Regular Coupon" to be applicable the Issuer shall on each Interest Payment Date pay interest on 
the Securities of the relevant Series in an amount per Calculation Amount determined by the 
Determination Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Coupon Rate × Calculation Amount 
provided that, if the applicable Issue Terms specify that Fixed Rate Security Provisions are 
applicable in respect of the relevant Series of Securities, interest shall, instead of being determined 
in accordance with the formula set out above, accrue and be payable on the Securities of the 
relevant Series in respect of each Interest Period at a fixed Rate of Interest in accordance with 
Condition 5 (Fixed Rate Security Provisions) and the applicable Issue Terms; and 
provided further that, if the applicable Issue Terms specify that "Inflation Adjustment" is 
applicable in respect of the relevant Series of Securities, the Coupon Rate or, as applicable, the 
Rate of Interest shall be adjusted by the Determination Agent to account for the effect of inflation 
as evidenced by the Relevant Inflation Index by multiplying such Coupon Rate or, as applicable, 
the Rate of Interest by the value which is (i) Relevant Inflation Index (N) divided by (ii) Relevant 
Inflation Index (Initial); and 
provided further that, if "Barrier Additional Coupon Amount" is specified as being applicable 
in respect of any Series of Securities in the applicable Issue Terms, and the Determination Agent 
determines that the Knock-in Value as of, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, (a) any 
Interest Determination Date, (b) each Barrier Observation Date, if any, specified in respect of such 
Interest Determination Date or (c) at any time during any Barrier Observation Period specified in 
respect of such Interest Determination Date, is (i) greater than, (ii) greater than or equal to, (iii) 
equal to, (iv) less than or (v) less than or equal to, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
Coupon Barrier Value in respect of such Interest Determination Date, the Issuer shall on the 
immediately following Interest Payment Date pay, in addition to the interest calculated as above, 
an amount per Calculation Amount determined by the Determination Agent in accordance with 
the following formula:  
Additional Rate × Calculation Amount 
1.16. 
Barrier Conditional Coupon 
If, in respect of an Interest Period and/or Interest Payment Date, the applicable Issue Terms specify 
"Barrier Conditional Coupon" to be applicable, and if the Determination Agent determines that 
the Knock-in Value as of, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, (a) any Interest Determination 
Date, (b) each Barrier Observation Date, if any, specified in respect of such Interest Determination 
Date, or (c) at any time during the Barrier Observation Period, if any, specified in respect of such 
Interest Determination Date, is (i) greater than, (ii) greater than or equal to, (iii) equal to, (iv) less 
than or (v) less than or equal to, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the Coupon Barrier

--- Page 317 ---
Terms and Conditions of Securities 
Part 2: Additional Terms and Conditions 
Section 2 
Interest and Redemption Terms 
 
 
317 
 
Value in respect of such Interest Determination Date, the Issuer shall on the immediately following 
Interest Payment Date pay interest on the Securities of the relevant Series in an amount per 
Calculation Amount determined by the Determination Agent: 
(A) 
unless "Memory Barrier Conditional Coupon" applies as specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, in accordance with the following formula: 
Coupon Rate × Calculation Amount 
or 
(B) 
if "Memory Barrier Conditional Coupon" applies as specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, in accordance with the following formula: 
[(∑𝐶𝑜𝑢𝑝𝑜𝑛 𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒𝑗
𝑛
𝑗=1
) × Calculation Amount - Prior Coupon Amount] 
 
where "n" means the number of calendar days from, and including, the Issue Date to, but 
excluding, the Maturity Date. 
No interest will otherwise be payable on the relevant Securities on an Interest Payment Date. 
1.17. 
Memory Double Barrier Conditional Coupon 
If, in respect of an Interest Period and/or Interest Payment Date, the applicable Issue Terms specify 
"Memory Double Barrier Conditional Coupon" to be applicable, and if the Determination 
Agent determines that the Knock-in Value as of, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, (a) 
any Interest Determination Date, (b) each Barrier Observation Date, if any, specified in respect of 
such Interest Determination Date, or (c) at any time during the Barrier Observation Period, if any, 
specified in respect of such Interest Determination Date, is (A) (i) greater than, or (ii) greater than 
or equal to, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the Coupon Barrier Value 1 in respect of 
such Interest Determination Date, and (B) (iii) less than or (iv) less than or equal to, as specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, the Coupon Barrier Value 2 in respect of such Interest Determination 
Date, the Issuer shall on the immediately following Interest Payment Date pay interest on the 
Securities of the relevant Series in an amount per Calculation Amount determined by the 
Determination Agent: 
(A) 
unless "Memory Double Barrier Conditional Coupon" applies as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, in accordance with the following formula: 
Coupon Rate × Calculation Amount 
or 
(B) 
if "Memory Double Barrier Conditional Coupon" applies as specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, in accordance with the following formula: 
[(∑𝐶𝑜𝑢𝑝𝑜𝑛 𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒𝑗
𝑛
𝑗=1
) × Calculation Amount - Prior Coupon Amount] 
 
where "n" means the number of calendar days from, and including, the Issue Date to, but 
excluding, the Maturity Date. 
No interest will otherwise be payable on the Securities on an Interest Payment Date.

--- Page 318 ---
Terms and Conditions of Securities 
Part 2: Additional Terms and Conditions 
Section 2 
Interest and Redemption Terms 
 
 
318 
 
1.18. 
Dual Barrier Conditional Coupon 
If, in respect of an Interest Period and/or Interest Payment Date, the applicable Issue Terms specify 
"Dual Barrier Conditional Coupon" to be applicable, and: 
(a) 
if the Determination Agent determines that the Knock-in Value, as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, as of (i) any Interest Determination Date, (ii) each Barrier 
Observation Date, if any, specified in respect of such Interest Determination Date, or (iii) 
at any time during the Barrier Observation Period, if any, specified in respect of such 
Interest Determination Date, is (a) greater than, (b) greater than or equal to, (c) less than or 
(d) less than or equal to, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the Upper Coupon Barrier Value in respect of such date, the Issuer 
shall on the immediately following Interest Payment Date pay interest on the Securities of 
the relevant Series in an amount per Calculation Amount determined by the Determination 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Upper Coupon Rate × Calculation Amount 
or 
(b) 
if (a) above does not apply and the Determination Agent determines that the Knock-in 
Value as of, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, (i) any Interest Determination Date, 
(ii) each Barrier Observation Date, if any, specified in respect of such Interest 
Determination Date, or (iii) at any time during the Barrier Observation Period, if any, 
specified in respect of such Interest Determination Date, is (a) greater than, (b) greater than 
or equal to, (c) less than or (d) less than or equal to, as specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the Lower Coupon Barrier Value in 
respect of such date, the Issuer shall on the immediately following Interest Payment Date 
pay interest on the Securities of the relevant Series in an amount per Calculation Amount 
determined by the Determination Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Lower Coupon Rate × Calculation Amount 
No interest will otherwise be payable on the Securities on an Interest Payment Date. 
1.19. 
Range Barrier Conditional Coupon 
If, in respect of an Interest Period and/or Interest Payment Date, the applicable Issue Terms specify 
"Range Barrier Conditional Coupon" to be applicable, the Issuer shall, on each Interest Payment 
Date, pay interest on the Securities of the relevant Series in an amount (which may be zero) per 
Calculation Amount determined by the Determination Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Coupon Rate × Calculation Amount × 
Number of Exchange Business Days (Barrier Condition Satisfied)
Number of Exchange Business Days (Total)
 × Day Count Fraction 
1.20. 
Range Accrual Coupon 
If, in respect of an Interest Period and/or Interest Payment Date, the applicable Issue Terms specify 
"Range Accrual Coupon" to be applicable, the Issuer shall, on each Interest Payment Date, pay 
interest on the Securities of the relevant Series in an amount (which may be zero) per Calculation 
Amount determined by the Determination Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Coupon Rate × Calculation Amount × 
Number of Observation Dates (Barrier Condition Satisfied)
Relevant Factor
 ×  Day Count Fraction

--- Page 319 ---
Terms and Conditions of Securities 
Part 2: Additional Terms and Conditions 
Section 2 
Interest and Redemption Terms 
 
 
319 
 
1.21. 
Performance Linked Coupon 
If, in respect of an Interest Period and/or Interest Payment Date, the applicable Issue Terms specify 
"Performance Linked Coupon" to be applicable, the Issuer shall on each Interest Payment Date 
pay interest on the Securities of the relevant Series in an amount per Calculation Amount 
determined by the Determination Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Min [Interest Cap; Max[Interest Floor;( Final Reference Value (Coupon)
Applicable Initial Reference Value - Strike) / N]] ×
FXCoupon
FXInitial
 
 
where "N" means, in respect of an Interest Determination Date, the number (if any) corresponding 
to the relevant Interest Determination Date as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
provided that (i) if the applicable Issue Terms specify "N" to be "Not Applicable", then N shall 
be  equal to 1; (ii) if the applicable Issue Terms specify "FX Return" to be "Not Applicable", then 
FXCoupon
FXInitial  shall be equal to 1 and (iii) if the applicable Issue Terms specify "Interest Cap" to be "Not 
Applicable", then the Interest Cap shall be equal to infinity. 
1.22. 
Participation and Performance Linked Coupon 
If, in respect of an Interest Period and/or Interest Payment Date, the applicable Issue Terms specify 
"Participation and Performance Linked Coupon" to be applicable, the Issuer shall on each 
Interest Payment Date pay interest on the Securities of the relevant Series in an amount per 
Calculation Amount determined by the Determination Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Calculation Amount × Min [Interest Cap; Max(Interest Floor; Final Reference Value (Coupon)
Applicable Initial Reference Value - Strike)] ×
FXCoupon
FXInitial
 
provided that if the applicable Issue Terms specify "FX Return" to be "Not Applicable", then 
FXCoupon
FXInitial  shall be equal to 1.  
1.23. 
Inflation Linked Coupon 
If, in respect of an Interest Period and/or Interest Payment Date, the applicable Issue Terms specify 
"Inflation Linked Coupon" to be applicable and the applicable Issue Terms specify the Inflation 
Linked Coupon to be: 
(a) 
Leveraged Inflation Coupon 
"Leveraged Inflation Coupon", the Issuer shall, on each Interest Payment Date subject to 
this Paragraph 1.23(a) (Leveraged Inflation Coupon) (as specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms), pay interest on the Securities of the relevant Series in an amount (which may be 
zero) per Calculation Amount determined by the Determination Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × {[Leverage × (CPIn
CPIm
 -1)] + Spread} × Day Count Fraction 
provided that if the applicable Issue Terms specify:  
(i)  
an Interest Cap, the amount calculated in accordance with the above formula shall 
not exceed the Interest Cap; or  
(ii)  
an Interest Floor, the amount calculated in accordance with the above formula shall 
not be less than the Interest Floor; or  
(iii)  
an Interest Cap and an Interest Floor, the amount calculated in accordance with the 
above formula shall not exceed the Interest Cap and shall not be less than the Interest 
Floor.

--- Page 320 ---
Terms and Conditions of Securities 
Part 2: Additional Terms and Conditions 
Section 2 
Interest and Redemption Terms 
 
 
320 
 
(b) 
Real Inflation Coupon 
If, in respect of an Interest Period and/or Interest Payment Date, the applicable Issue Terms 
specify "Real Inflation Coupon" to be applicable, the Issuer shall, on each Interest 
Payment Date subject to this Paragraph 1.23(b) (Real Inflation Coupon) (as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms), pay interest on the Securities of the relevant Series in an amount 
(which may be zero) per Calculation Amount determined by the Determination Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Leverage × 
CPIn
CPIInitial
 × Day Count Fraction 
provided that if the applicable Issue Terms specify:  
(i)  
an Interest Cap, the amount calculated in accordance with the above formula shall 
not exceed the Interest Cap; or  
(ii)  
an Interest Floor, the amount calculated in accordance with the above formula shall 
not be less than the Interest Floor; or  
(iii)  
an Interest Cap and an Interest Floor, the amount calculated in accordance with the 
above formula shall not exceed the Interest Cap and shall not be less than the Interest 
Floor. 
(c) 
Cumulative Inflation Coupon 
If, in respect of an Interest Period and/or Interest Payment Date, the applicable Issue Terms 
specify "Cumulative Inflation Coupon" to be applicable, the Issuer shall, on each Interest 
Payment Date subject to this Paragraph 1.23(c) (Cumulative Inflation Coupon) (as specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms), pay interest on the Securities of the relevant Series in an 
amount (which may be zero) per Calculation Amount determined by the Determination 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Leverage × ( CPIn
CPIInitial
- 1) × Day Count Fraction 
provided that if the applicable Issue Terms specify:  
(i)  
an Interest Cap, the amount calculated in accordance with the above formula shall 
not exceed the Interest Cap; or  
(ii)  
an Interest Floor, the amount calculated in accordance with the above formula shall 
not be less than the Interest Floor; or  
(iii)  
an Interest Cap and an Interest Floor, the amount calculated in accordance with the 
above formula shall not exceed the Interest Cap and shall not be less than the Interest 
Floor. 
(d) 
MXN Denominated UDI Adjustment Inflation Coupon 
If, in respect of an Interest Period and/or Interest Payment Date, the applicable Issue Terms 
specify "MXN Denominated UDI Adjustment Inflation Coupon" to be applicable, the 
Issuer shall, on each Interest Payment Date subject to this Paragraph 1.23(d) (MXN 
Denominated UDI Adjustment Inflation Coupon) (as specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms), pay interest on the Securities of the relevant Series in an amount (which may be 
zero) per Calculation Amount determined by the Determination Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Leverage × 
UDIn
UDIInitial
 × Day Count Fraction 
provided that if the applicable Issue Terms specify:  
(i)  
an Interest Cap, the amount calculated in accordance with the above formula shall 
not exceed the Interest Cap; or  
(ii)  
an Interest Floor, the amount calculated in accordance with the above formula shall 
not be less than the Interest Floor; or

--- Page 321 ---
Terms and Conditions of Securities 
Part 2: Additional Terms and Conditions 
Section 2 
Interest and Redemption Terms 
 
 
321 
 
(iii)  
an Interest Cap and an Interest Floor, the amount calculated in accordance with the 
above formula shall not exceed the Interest Cap and shall not be less than the Interest 
Floor. 
(e) 
UDI Inflation Coupon 
If, in respect of an Interest Period and/or Interest Payment Date, the applicable Issue Terms 
specify "UDI Inflation Coupon" to be applicable, the Issuer shall, on each Interest 
Payment Date subject to this Paragraph 1.23(e) (UDI Inflation Coupon) (as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms), pay interest on the Securities of the relevant Series in an amount 
(which may be zero) per Calculation Amount determined by the Determination Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
 
Calculation Amount × Leverage × UDIn × Day Count Fraction 
provided that if the applicable Issue Terms specify:  
(i)  
an Interest Cap, the amount calculated in accordance with the above formula shall 
not exceed the Interest Cap; or  
(ii)  
an Interest Floor, the amount calculated in accordance with the above formula shall 
not be less than the Interest Floor; or  
(iii)  
an Interest Cap and an Interest Floor, the amount calculated in accordance with the 
above formula shall not exceed the Interest Cap and shall not be less than the Interest 
Floor. 
For the purposes of this Paragraph 1.23, "Leverage" means the percentage rate specified as such 
in the applicable Issue Terms. 
1.24. 
Mixto Coupon 
If, in respect of an Interest Period and/or Interest Payment Date, the applicable Issue Terms specify 
"Mixto Coupon" to be applicable, the Issuer shall: 
(a) 
on the initial Interest Payment Date (falling on the Automatic Partial Redemption Date) 
pay interest on the Securities of the relevant Series in an amount per Calculation Amount 
determined by the Determination Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Reduced Calculation Amount × Lower Coupon Rate ; and 
(b) 
in respect of each subsequent Interest Payment Date, if the Determination Agent determines 
that the Relevant Underlying Value as of the Interest Determination Date in respect of such 
Interest Payment Date is: 
(i) equal to or greater than the Coupon Barrier Value, pay interest on the Securities of 
the relevant Series in an amount per Calculation Amount determined by the 
Determination Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Reduced Calculation Amount × Upper Coupon Rate ; or 
(ii) less than the Coupon Barrier Value, pay interest on the Securities of the relevant 
Series in an amount per Calculation Amount determined by the Determination 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Reduced Calculation Amount × Lower Coupon Rate

--- Page 322 ---
Terms and Conditions of Securities 
Part 2: Additional Terms and Conditions 
Section 2 
Interest and Redemption Terms 
 
 
322 
 
1.25. 
Annual Performance Linked Coupon 
If, in respect of an Interest Period and/or Interest Payment Date, the applicable Issue Terms specify 
"Annual Performance Linked Coupon" to be applicable, the Issuer shall on each Interest 
Payment Date pay interest on the Securities of the relevant Series in an amount per Calculation 
Amount determined by the Determination Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Max[0; Min {Interest Cap; Final Reference Value (Coupon)
Reference Value
- Strike}]

--- Page 323 ---
Terms and Conditions of Securities 
Part 2: Additional Terms and Conditions 
Section 2 
Interest and Redemption Terms 
 
 
323 
 
Sub-Section II 
Automatic Early Redemption (Autocall) 
The terms set out in this Sub-Section II (Automatic Early Redemption (Autocall)) of this Section 2 (Interest 
and Redemption Terms) will apply to a Series of Securities if, and to the extent, so specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms. 
2.1. Autocall 1 
If the applicable Issue Terms specify "Autocall 1" to be applicable, and if the Determination Agent 
determines that the Knock-in Value as of, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, (a) any 
Automatic Early Redemption Determination Date, (b) each Barrier Observation Date, if any, 
specified in respect of such Automatic Early Redemption Determination Date or (c) at any time 
during the Barrier Observation Period, if any, specified in respect of such Automatic Early 
Redemption Determination Date, is (i) greater than, (ii) greater than or equal to, (iii) equal to, (iv) 
less than or (v) less than or equal to, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the Autocall Barrier 
Value in respect of such Automatic Early Redemption Determination Date, then (unless the 
Securities have been previously redeemed or cancelled) an Automatic Early Redemption Event 
shall be deemed to have occurred and the Issuer shall redeem the Securities on the immediately 
following Automatic Early Redemption Date at an amount per Calculation Amount (such amount, 
for the avoidance of doubt, to be paid in addition to the Interest Amount payable on the relevant 
Automatic Early Redemption Date) being, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, either: 
(A) 
if "Non-Memory Redemption" applies as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, an 
amount per Calculation Amount determined by the Determination Agent in accordance 
with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × (Specified Rate + [Automatic Early Redemption Rate × Multiplier]) 
Or 
(B) 
if "Memory Redemption" applies as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount 
per Calculation Amount determined by the Determination Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Calculation Amount × (Specified Rate + Automatic Early Redemption Rate) - Prior Coupon Amount 
Or 
(C) 
if "Fixed Redemption" applies, an amount equal to the product of the Specified 
Rate and the Calculation Amount. 
2.2. 
Autocall 2 
If the applicable Issue Terms specify "Autocall 2" to be applicable, and if the Determination Agent 
determines that the Knock-in Value as of, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, (a) any 
Automatic Early Redemption Determination Date, (b) each Barrier Observation Date, if any, 
specified in respect of such Automatic Early Redemption Determination Date, or (c) at any time 
during the Barrier Observation Period, if any, specified in respect of such Automatic Early 
Redemption Determination Date, is (i) greater than, (ii) greater than or equal to, (iii) equal to, (iv) 
less than or (v) less than or equal to, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the Autocall Barrier 
Value in respect of such date, then (unless the Securities have been previously redeemed or 
cancelled) an Automatic Early Redemption Event shall be deemed to have occurred and the Issuer 
shall redeem the Securities on the immediately following Automatic Early Redemption Date at an 
amount per Calculation Amount (such amount, for the avoidance of doubt, to be paid in addition 
to the Interest Amount payable on the relevant Automatic Early Redemption Date) being, as 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, either:

--- Page 324 ---
Terms and Conditions of Securities 
Part 2: Additional Terms and Conditions 
Section 2 
Interest and Redemption Terms 
 
 
324 
 
(a) 
if such Automatic Early Redemption Determination Date is a Specified Automatic Early 
Redemption Determination Date, an amount determined by the Determination Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × (Specified Rate + Automatic Early Redemption Rate) 
or 
(b) 
if (a) above does not apply, or if no Specified Automatic Early Redemption Date is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount determined by the Determination Agent 
in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × 
𝑀𝑎𝑥 [(Specified Rate + Automatic Early Redemption Rate); {Specified Rate
+ Participation Rate × ( Final Reference Value (Autocall)
Applicable Initial Reference Value −1)}] 
2.3. 
Autocall 3  
If the applicable Issue Terms specify "Autocall 3" to be applicable, and if the Determination Agent 
determines that the Knock-in Value as of, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, (a) any 
Automatic Early Redemption Determination Date, (b) each Barrier Observation Date, if any, 
specified in respect of such Automatic Early Redemption Determination Date, or (c) at any time 
during the Barrier Observation Period, if any, specified in respect of such Automatic Early 
Redemption Determination Date, is (i) greater than, (ii) greater than or equal to, (iii) equal to, (iv) 
less than or (v) less than or equal to, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the Autocall Barrier 
Value in respect of such date, then (unless the Securities have been previously redeemed or 
cancelled) an Automatic Early Redemption Event shall be deemed to have occurred and the Issuer 
shall redeem the Securities on the immediately following Automatic Early Redemption Date at an 
amount per Calculation Amount (such amount, for the avoidance of doubt, to be paid in addition 
to the Interest Amount payable on the relevant Automatic Early Redemption Date) being an 
amount determined by the Determination Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × 
[Specified Rate + Max (Automatic Early Redemption Rate; Relevant Underlying Performance (Autocall))] 
2.4. 
Autocall 4 
If the applicable Issue Terms specify "Autocall 4" to be applicable, and if the Determination Agent 
determines that the Knock-in Value as of any Automatic Early Redemption Determination Date is 
greater than or equal to the Autocall Barrier Value in respect of such date, then (unless the 
Securities have been previously redeemed or cancelled) an Automatic Early Redemption Event 
shall be deemed to have occurred and the Issuer shall redeem the Securities on the immediately 
following Automatic Early Redemption Date at an amount per Calculation Amount being an 
amount determined by the Determination Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount + [Calculation Amount x [Specified Rate × n
365]] 
where "n" means the number of calendar days from, and including, the Issue Date to, but 
excluding, the Automatic Early Redemption Date. 
2.5. 
Autocall 5 
If the applicable Issue Terms specify "Autocall 5" to be applicable, and if the Determination Agent 
determines that the Knock-in Value as of any Automatic Early Redemption Determination Date is 
greater than or equal to the Autocall Barrier Value in respect of such date, then (unless the 
Securities have been previously redeemed or cancelled) an Automatic Early Redemption Event 
shall be deemed to have occurred and the Issuer shall redeem the Securities on the immediately

--- Page 325 ---
Terms and Conditions of Securities 
Part 2: Additional Terms and Conditions 
Section 2 
Interest and Redemption Terms 
 
 
325 
 
following Automatic Early Redemption Date at an amount per Calculation Amount being an 
amount determined by the Determination Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount ×  Max [Upside Amount;  Automatic Early Redemption Rate] 
where:  
"Upside Amount" means an amount determined by the Determination Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
Participation Rate ×  Max [0; ( Final Reference Value (Autocall)
Applicable Initial Reference Value  − Call Strike)  ] 
2.6. 
Autocall 6 
If the applicable Issue Terms specify "Autocall 6" to be applicable, and if the Determination Agent 
determines that the Knock-in Value as of a number of Barrier Observation Dates equal to the 
Threshhold Number is greater than the Autocall Barrier Value, then (unless the Securities have 
been previously redeemed or cancelled) an Automatic Early Redemption Event shall be deemed 
to have occurred and the Issuer shall redeem the Securities on the Automatic Early Redemption 
Date at an amount per Calculation Amount (such amount, for the avoidance of doubt, to be paid 
in addition to the Interest Amount payable on the relevant Automatic Early Redemption Date) 
being an amount determined by the Determination Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Calculation Amount × Specified Rate 
2.7. 
Mixto Automatic Partial Redemption  
If the applicable Issue Terms specify "Mixto Redemption" to be applicable, then (unless the 
Securities have been previously redeemed or cancelled) on the Automatic Partial Redemption Date 
the Issuer shall redeem each Security in part at an amount per Calculation Amount (such amount, 
for the avoidance of doubt, to be paid in addition to the Interest Amount payable on the Automatic 
Partial Redemption Date) determined by the Determination Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Automatic Partial Redemption Rate

--- Page 326 ---
Terms and Conditions of Securities 
Part 2: Additional Terms and Conditions 
Section 2 
Interest and Redemption Terms 
 
 
326 
 
Sub-Section III 
Redemption at Maturity 
The terms set out in this Sub-Section III (Redemption at Maturity) of this Section 2 (Interest and 
Redemption Terms) will apply to a Series of Securities if, and to the extent, so specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms. 
3.1. Fixed Redemption  
If the applicable Issue Terms specify "Fixed Redemption" to be applicable, unless previously 
redeemed or cancelled, such Securities shall be redeemed on the Maturity Date at their Final 
Redemption Amount being an amount per Calculation Amount equal to: 
(i) 
unless "Minimum Coupon" applies as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Specified Rate 
or 
(ii) 
if "Minimum Coupon" applies as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, in accordance 
with the following formula: 
(Calculation Amount × Specified Rate)+ 
Max [0; (Calculation Amount × Minimum Coupon Rate) - Aggregate Coupon Amount] 
3.2. 
Capitalised Non-Memory Redemption  
If the applicable Issue Terms specify "Capitalised Non-Memory Redemption" to be applicable, 
unless previously redeemed or cancelled, such Securities shall be redeemed on the Maturity Date 
at their Final Redemption Amount being an amount per Calculation Amount determined by the 
Determination Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × (Specified Rate + Final Redemption Rate) 
3.3. 
Capitalised Memory Redemption  
If the applicable Issue Terms specify "Capitalised Memory Redemption" to be applicable, unless 
previously redeemed or cancelled, such Securities shall be redeemed on the Maturity Date at their 
Final Redemption Amount being an amount per Calculation Amount determined by the 
Determination Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
[Calculation Amount × (Specified Rate +  Final Redemption Rate)] - Prior Coupon Amount 
3.4. 
Basic Performance Linked Redemption 1  
If the applicable Issue Terms specify "Basic Performance Linked Redemption 1"  to be 
applicable and if: 
(a) 
Physical Settlement is specified as not applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, unless 
previously redeemed or cancelled, such Securities shall be redeemed on the Maturity Date 
at their Final Redemption Amount being an amount per Calculation Amount determined 
by the Determination Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Participation Rate ×
Final Reference Value
Applicable Initial Reference Value 
Provided that: 
(i) 
if the applicable Issue Terms specify that "Capped Basic Performance Linked 
Redemption" applies, then the Final Redemption Amount shall be the lesser of (i)

--- Page 327 ---
Terms and Conditions of Securities 
Part 2: Additional Terms and Conditions 
Section 2 
Interest and Redemption Terms 
 
 
327 
 
the Final Redemption Cap Value and (ii) the amount determined in accordance with 
the above formula; 
(ii) 
if the applicable Issue Terms specify that "Floored Basic Performance Linked 
Redemption" applies, then the Final Redemption Amount shall be the greater of (i) 
the Final Redemption Floor Value and (ii) the amount determined in accordance 
with the above formula; and 
(iii) 
if the applicable Issue Terms specify that "Collared Basic Performance Linked 
Redemption" applies, then the Final Redemption Amount shall be (i) if the amount 
determined in accordance with the above formula is less than or equal to the Final 
Redemption Floor Value, the Final Redemption Floor Value, (ii) if the amount 
determined in accordance with the above formula is equal to or greater than the Final 
Redemption Cap Value, the Final Redemption Cap Value, or (iii) if the amount 
determined in accordance with the above formula is more than the Final Redemption 
Floor Value and less than the Final Redemption Cap Value, the amount determined 
in accordance with the above formula. 
(b) 
Physical Settlement is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, Condition 19 
(Physical Settlement) shall apply and: 
(i) 
if "Basic Performance-Linked Redemption" is applicable as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, unless such Securities have been previously redeemed or 
cancelled, the Physical Delivery Amount for the purposes of such Condition shall 
be the amount of Underlying Securities determined by the Determination Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Physical Delivery Amount = ∑Physical Delivery Amounti
n
i=1
 
 
"n" being equal to 1 (where the Securities are linked to a Single Underlying) or the 
number of Basket Components comprising the Basket (where the Securities are 
linked to a Basket), and where the Determination Agent shall determine "Physical 
Delivery Amounti" in accordance with the following formula: 
Physical Delivery Amounti= 1
n   × Securityholder Par Value × Physical Delivery FX Rate
Applicable Initial Reference Valuei
 
 
rounded down to the nearest whole round lot as permitted by the Exchange for 
trading purposes. 
 
If any Physical Delivery Amounti is rounded down to the nearest whole lot as 
permitted by the Exchange for trading purposes, the Issuer will also pay (in respect 
of all Physical Delivery Amountsi) an aggregate amount equal to the Cash Residual 
Amount in respect of the Security; or 
(ii) 
if "Worst-of Basket Performance-Linked Redemption" is applicable as specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, unless such Securities have been previously redeemed 
or cancelled, the Physical Delivery Amount for the purposes of such Condition shall 
be the amount of the Worst Performing Basket Component determined by the 
Determination Agent in accordance with the following formula:  
Physical Delivery Amount= 
Securityholder Par Value × Physical Delivery FX Rate
Applicable Initial Reference Value of the Worst Performing Basket Component 
 
rounded down to the nearest round lot as permitted by the Exchange for trading 
purposes, in which case the Issuer will also pay, in addition, a Cash Residual 
Amount.

--- Page 328 ---
Terms and Conditions of Securities 
Part 2: Additional Terms and Conditions 
Section 2 
Interest and Redemption Terms 
 
 
328 
 
3.5. 
Basic Performance Linked Redemption 2  
If the applicable Issue Terms specify "Basic Performance Linked Redemption 2" to be 
applicable, unless previously redeemed or cancelled, such Securities shall be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at their Final Redemption Amount being an amount per Calculation Amount 
determined by the Determination Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount ×[(Participation Rate × 
Final Reference Value
Applicable Initial Reference Value)× FXFinal
FXInitial
] + Bonus Amount 
Provided that: 
(i) 
if the applicable Issue Terms specify that "Capped Basic Performance Linked 
Redemption" applies, then the Final Redemption Amount shall be the lesser of (i) the Final 
Redemption Cap Value and (ii) the amount determined in accordance with the above 
formula; 
(ii) 
if the applicable Issue Terms specify that "Floored Basic Performance Linked 
Redemption" applies, then the Final Redemption Amount shall be the greater of (i) the 
Final Redemption Floor Value and (ii) the amount determined in accordance with the above 
formula; and  
(iii) 
if the applicable Issue Terms specify that "Collared Basic Performance Linked 
Redemption" applies, then the Final Redemption Amount shall be (i) if the amount 
determined in accordance with the above formula is less than or equal to the Final 
Redemption Floor Value, the Final Redemption Floor Value, (ii) if the amount determined 
in accordance with the above formula is equal to or greater than the Final Redemption Cap 
Value, the Final Redemption Cap Value, or (iii) if the amount determined in accordance 
with the above formula is more than the Final Redemption Floor Value and less than the 
Final Redemption Cap Value, the amount determined in accordance with the above 
formula, 
 
provided that if the applicable Issue Terms specify "FX Return" to be "Not Applicable", 
then  
FXFinal
FXInitial in the formula set out in this Paragraph 3.5 (Basic Performance Linked 
Redemption 2) shall be equal to 1. 
 
"Bonus Amount" means the amount specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms 
provided that if Bonus Amount is said to be "Not Applicable" in respect of any 
determination, Bonus Amount shall be equal to zero for such determination. 
3.6. 
Performance-Linked Redemption  
If applicable Issue Terms specify "Performance-Linked Redemption" to be applicable, unless 
previously redeemed or cancelled, such Securities shall be redeemed on the Maturity Date at their 
Final Redemption Amount being an amount per Calculation Amount determined by the 
Determination Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount + [Calculation Amount x 100% x Max [Specified Percentage 1; 
Final Reference Value 
Applicable Initial Reference Value −Strike]
+ Min [0; {𝑀𝑎𝑥(Specified Percentage 2; 
Final Reference Value 
Applicable Initial Reference Value −Strike)}]] 
3.7. 
Barrier Redemption 1  
If the applicable Issue Terms specify "Barrier Redemption 1" to be applicable: 
(i) 
unless previously redeemed or cancelled, such Securities shall be redeemed on the Maturity 
Date at their Final Redemption Amount being an amount per Calculation Amount equal to:  
 
Specified Rate 1 × Calculation Amount 
 
if:

--- Page 329 ---
Terms and Conditions of Securities 
Part 2: Additional Terms and Conditions 
Section 2 
Interest and Redemption Terms 
 
 
329 
 
(A) 
"Final Observation" applies as specified in the applicable Issue Terms and the 
Knock-in Value is (1) greater than, (2) greater than or equal to, (3) equal to, (4) less 
than or (5) less than or equal to, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the Final 
Redemption Barrier Value; or 
(B) 
"Daily Observation" applies as specified in the applicable Issue Terms and the 
Knock-in Value as of each Observation Date is (1) greater than, (2) greater than or 
equal to, (3) equal to, (4) less than or (5) less than or equal to, as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the Final Redemption Barrier Value; or 
(C) 
"Continuous Observation" applies as specified in the applicable Issue Terms and 
the Determination Agent has not made a determination that the Knock-in Value was, 
at any time during the Observation Period, (1) greater than, (2) greater than or equal 
to, (3) equal to, (4) less than or (5) less than or equal to, as specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, the Final Redemption Barrier Value; 
or 
(ii) 
if the applicable condition set out in (i)(A), (B) or (C) above, as the case may be, is not 
satisfied and: 
(A) 
unless "Physical Settlement" applies as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
unless previously redeemed or cancelled, such Securities shall be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at their Final Redemption Amount being an amount per Calculation 
Amount determined by the Determination Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Calculation Amount × [Specified Rate 2 + {Participation Rate × (
Final Reference Value
Applicable Initial Reference Value  - Strike)}] 
Provided that: 
(i) 
if the applicable Issue Terms specify that "Capped Redemption" applies, 
then the Final Redemption Amount shall be the lesser of (a) the Final 
Redemption Cap Value and (b) the amount determined in accordance with 
the above formula; 
(ii) 
if the applicable Issue Terms specify that "Floored Redemption" applies, 
then the Final Redemption Amount shall be the greater of (a) the Final 
Redemption Floor Value and (b) the amount determined in accordance with 
the above formula; and 
(iii) 
if the applicable Issue Terms specify that "Collared Redemption" applies, 
then the Final Redemption Amount (a) shall be at least equal to the Final 
Redemption Floor Value and (b) shall not be greater than the Final 
Redemption Cap Value; or 
(B) 
if "Physical Settlement" applies as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
Condition 19 (Physical Settlement) shall apply and: 
(i) 
if "Basic Performance-Linked Redemption" is applicable as specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms, unless such Securities have been previously 
redeemed or cancelled, the Physical Delivery Amount for the purposes of 
such Condition shall be the amount of Underlying Securities determined by 
the Determination Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Physical Delivery Amount = ∑Physical Delivery Amounti
n
i=1
 
 
"n" being equal to 1 (where the Securities are linked to a Single Underlying) 
or the number of Basket Components comprising the Basket (where the 
Securities are linked to a Basket), and where the Determination Agent shall 
determine "Physical Delivery Amounti" in accordance with the following 
formula:

--- Page 330 ---
Terms and Conditions of Securities 
Part 2: Additional Terms and Conditions 
Section 2 
Interest and Redemption Terms 
 
 
330 
 
Physical Delivery Amounti= 1
n   × Securityholder Par Value × Physical Delivery FX Rate
Initial Reference Valuei
 
 
rounded down to the nearest whole round lot as permitted by the Exchange 
for trading purposes. 
 
If any Physical Delivery Amounti is rounded down to the nearest whole lot 
as permitted by the Exchange for trading purposes, the Issuer will also pay 
(in respect of all Physical Delivery Amountsi) an aggregate amount equal to 
the Cash Residual Amount in respect of the Security; or 
(ii) 
if "Worst-of Basket Performance-Linked Redemption" is applicable as 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, unless such Securities have been 
previously redeemed or cancelled, the Physical Delivery Amount for the 
purposes of such Condition shall be the amount of the Worst Performing 
Basket Component determined by the Determination Agent in accordance 
with the following formula: 
Physical Delivery Amount = 
Securityholder Par Value × Physical Delivery FX Rate
Initial Reference Value of the Worst Performing Basket Component 
 
rounded down to the nearest round lot as permitted by the Exchange for 
trading purposes, in which case the Issuer will also pay, in addition, a Cash 
Residual Amount.   
3.8. 
Barrier Redemption 2  
If the applicable Issue Terms specify "Barrier Redemption 2" to be applicable, unless previously 
redeemed or cancelled, such Securities shall be redeemed on the Maturity Date at their Final 
Redemption Amount being an amount per Calculation Amount: 
(a) 
equal to the product of Specified Rate 1 and the Calculation Amount, if the Determination 
Agent determines that the Knock-in Value as of, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
(i) the Determination Date, (ii) each Final Redemption Observation Date, if any, specified 
in respect of the Determination Date, or (iii) at any time during the Barrier Observation 
Period, if any, specified in respect of the Determination Date is (A) greater than, (B) greater 
than or equal to, (C) equal to, (D) less than or (E) less than or equal to, as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the Final Redemption Barrier Value; or 
(b) 
if (a) above does not apply, determined by the Determination Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Calculation Amount × 
[Specified Rate 2 + (Participation Rate ×
Final Reference Value
Applicable Initial Reference Value × FXFinal
FXInitial
)] 
 
provided that if the applicable Issue Terms specify that "Capped Redemption" applies, 
then the Final Redemption Amount shall be the lesser of (i) the Final Redemption Cap 
Value and (b) the amount determined in accordance with the formula in Paragraph 3.8(b) 
(Barrier Redemption 2) above. 
3.9. 
Barrier and Participation Redemption  
If the applicable Issue Terms specify "Barrier and Participation Redemption" to be applicable, 
unless previously redeemed or cancelled, such Securities shall be redeemed on the Maturity Date 
at their Final Redemption Amount being an amount per Calculation Amount: 
(a) 
if the Determination Agent determines that the Knock-in Value as of, as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, (i) the Determination Date, (ii) each Final Redemption Observation 
Date, if any, specified in respect of the Determination Date, or (iii) at any time during the 
Barrier Observation Period, if any, specified in respect of the Determination Date is (A)

--- Page 331 ---
Terms and Conditions of Securities 
Part 2: Additional Terms and Conditions 
Section 2 
Interest and Redemption Terms 
 
 
331 
 
greater than, (B) greater than or equal to, (C) equal to, (D) less than or (E) less than or equal 
to, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the Final Redemption Barrier Value,  
(i) 
if "Final Redemption 1" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms, determined by the Determination Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Calculation Amount × 
[Specified Rate 1+ {Participation Rate 1 × Max(Final Redemption Rate; Relevant Underlying Performance)× FXFinal
FXInitial
}] 
 
(ii) 
if "Final Redemption 2" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms, determined by the Determination Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Calculation Amount × 
[Final Redemption Rate + {Max(0;Relevant Underlying Performance-Performance Rate)× FXFinal
FXInitial
}] 
 
or 
 
(b) 
if (a) above does not apply,  
(i) 
unless "Worst Performance" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms, determined by the Determination Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Calculation Amount × [Specified Rate 2 + (Participation Rate 2 × Final Reference Value (Final Redemption)
Applicable Initial Reference Value
× FXFinal
FXInitial
)] 
 
 
provided that if the applicable Issue Terms specify "FX Return (Downside 
Redemption)" to be "Not Applicable", then  
FXFinal
FXInitial   in the formula set out in this 
Paragraph 3.9(b)(i) (Barrier and Participation Redemption) shall be equal to 1; or 
(ii) 
if "Worst Performance" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms, determined by the Determination Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Calculation Amount × [Specified Rate 2 + (Participation Rate 2 × Lowest Basket Component Performance)] 
3.10. 
Barrier and Participation Redemption – FX Performance Adjustment  
If the applicable Issue Terms specify "Barrier and Participation Redemption – FX 
Performance Adjustment" to be applicable, unless previously redeemed or cancelled, such 
Securities shall be redeemed on the Maturity Date at their Final Redemption Amount being an 
amount per Calculation Amount: 
(a) 
if the Determination Agent determines that the Knock-in Value as of, as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, (i) the Determination Date, (ii) each Final Redemption Observation 
Date, if any, specified in respect of the Determination Date, or (iii) at any time during the 
Barrier Observation Period, if any, specified in respect of the Determination Date is (A) 
greater than, (B) greater than or equal to, (C) equal to, (D) less than or (E) less than or equal 
to, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the Final Redemption Barrier Value, 
determined by the Determination Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × 
[Specified Rate 1 × 
FXFinalPrincipal
FXInitialPrincipal
+ {Participation Rate 1 × Max(Final Redemption Rate;Relevant Underlying Performance)×
FXFinalOption
FXInitialOption
}] 
 
(b) 
if (a) above does not apply,

--- Page 332 ---
Terms and Conditions of Securities 
Part 2: Additional Terms and Conditions 
Section 2 
Interest and Redemption Terms 
 
 
332 
 
(i) 
unless "Worst Performance" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms, determined by the Determination Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Calculation Amount × [Specified Rate 2 + (Participation Rate 2 × 
Final Reference Value 
Applicable Initial Reference Value) ×
FXFinalPrincipal
FXInitialPrincipal
 ] 
 
 
provided that if the applicable Issue Terms specify "FX Return (Downside 
Redemption)" to be "Not Applicable", then  
FXFinalPrincipal
FXInitialPrincipal in the formula set out in 
this Paragraph 3.10(b)(i) (Barrier and Participation Redemption – FX Performance 
Adjustment) shall be equal to 1; or 
(ii) 
if "Worst Performance" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms, determined by the Determination Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Calculation Amount × [Specified Rate 2 + (Participation Rate 2 × Lowest Basket Component Performance) × FXFinalPrincipal
FXInitialPrincipal
] 
 
provided that if the applicable Issue Terms specify "FX Return (Downside 
Redemption)" to be "Not Applicable", then  
FXFinalPrincipal
FXInitialPrincipal in the formula set out in 
this Paragraph 3.10(b)(ii) (Barrier and Participation Redemption – FX Performance 
Adjustment) shall be equal to 1. 
3.11. 
Single Barrier Final Redemption  
If the applicable Issue Terms specify "Single Barrier Final Redemption" to be applicable and if: 
(a) 
the Knock-in Value as of, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms (a) the Determination 
Date (b) each Final Redemption Observation Date, if any, specified in respect of the 
Determination Date, or (c) at any time during the Barrier Observation Period, if any, 
specified in respect of the Determination Date, is (i) greater than, (ii) greater than or equal 
to, (iii) equal to, (iv) less than or (v) less than or equal to, as specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, the Final Redemption Barrier Value, such Securities, unless previously 
redeemed or cancelled, shall be redeemed on the Maturity Date at their Final Redemption 
Amount being an amount per Calculation Amount: 
(i) 
if "Fixed Redemption" is applicable as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
equal to the product of the Calculation Amount and Specified Rate 1; or 
(ii) 
if "Capitalised Non-Memory Redemption" is applicable as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, determined by the Determination Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × (Specified Rate 1 + Final Redemption Rate) 
(iii) 
if "Capitalised Memory Redemption" is applicable as specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, determined by the Determination Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
[Calculation Amount × (Specified Rate 1 + Final Redemption Rate)] - Prior Coupon Amount 
(iv) 
if "Highest Performance Redemption" is applicable as specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, determined by the Determination Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Calculation Amount × 
[Specified Rate 1 + Max (Final Redemption Rate; Highest Performance)]

--- Page 333 ---
Terms and Conditions of Securities 
Part 2: Additional Terms and Conditions 
Section 2 
Interest and Redemption Terms 
 
 
333 
 
(b) 
(a) above does not apply and Physical Settlement is specified as not applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms, such Securities, unless previously redeemed or cancelled, shall be 
redeemed on the Maturity Date at their Final Redemption Amount being an amount per 
Calculation Amount: 
(i) 
if "Basic Performance-Linked Redemption" is applicable as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, determined by the Determination Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Participation Rate × 
Final Reference Value
Applicable Initial Reference Value 
 
provided that, if "Capped Basic Performance-Linked Redemption" is applicable 
as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the Final Redemption Amount shall be 
an amount per Calculation Amount equal to the lesser of (A) the product of the 
Calculation Amount and 100 per cent. and (B) the amount determined in accordance 
with the formula above; 
(ii) 
if "Worst-of Basket Performance-Linked Redemption 1" is specified as being 
applicable in respect of the Securities of the relevant Series, determined by the 
Determination Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × 
[Specified Rate 2 + (Participation Rate × 
Final Reference Value of Worst Performing Basket Component
Applicable Initial Reference Value of Worst Performing Basket Component  )] 
 
provided that, if "Capped Worst-of Basket Performance-Linked Redemption 1" 
is applicable as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the Final Redemption 
Amount shall be an amount per Calculation Amount equal to the lesser of (A) the 
product of the Calculation Amount and 100 per cent. and (B) the amount determined 
in accordance with the formula above; 
(iii) 
if "Worst-of Basket Performance-Linked Redemption 2" is applicable as 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms and: 
(A) 
the Determination Agent determines that the Final Reference Value of any 
Basket Component is greater than or equal to the Knock-in Barrier Level, 
determined by the Determination Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Calculation Amount × 
[Specified Rate 2 + (Participation Rate × 
Final Reference Value of Worst Performing Basket Component
Applicable Initial Reference Value of Worst Performing Basket Component  )] 
(B) 
if (A) above does not apply, equal to the product of the Specified Rate and 
the Calculation Amount. 
(c) 
(a) above does not apply and Physical Settlement is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms, Condition 19 (Physical Settlement) shall apply and: 
(i) 
if "Basic Performance-Linked Redemption" is applicable as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the Physical Delivery Amount for the purposes of such 
Condition shall be the amount of Underlying Securities determined by the 
Determination Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Physical Delivery Amount = ∑Physical Delivery Amounti
n
i=1
 
 
"n" being equal to 1 (where the Securities are linked to a Single Underlying) or the 
number of Basket Components comprising the Basket (where the Securities are

--- Page 334 ---
Terms and Conditions of Securities 
Part 2: Additional Terms and Conditions 
Section 2 
Interest and Redemption Terms 
 
 
334 
 
linked to a Basket), and where the Determination Agent shall determine "Physical 
Delivery Amounti" in accordance with the following formula: 
Physical Delivery Amounti= 1
n   × Securityholder Par Value x Physical Delivery FX Rate
Applicable Initial Reference Valuei
 
 
rounded down to the nearest whole round lot as permitted by the Exchange for 
trading purposes. 
 
If any Physical Delivery Amounti is rounded down to the nearest whole lot as 
permitted by the Exchange for trading purposes, the Issuer will also pay (in respect 
of all Physical Delivery Amountsi) an aggregate amount equal to the Cash Residual 
Amount in respect of the Security; or 
(ii) 
if "Worst-of Basket Performance-Linked Redemption" is applicable as specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, the Physical Delivery Amount for the purposes of 
such Condition shall be the amount of the Worst Performing Basket Component 
determined by the Determination Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Physical Delivery Amount= 
Securityholder Par Value x Physical Delivery FX Rate
Applicable Initial Reference Value of the Worst Performing Basket Component 
 
rounded down to the nearest round lot as permitted by the Exchange for trading 
purposes, in which case the Issuer will also pay, in addition, a Cash Residual 
Amount. 
3.12. 
Dual Barrier Final Redemption 1  
If the applicable Issue Terms specify "Dual Barrier Final Redemption 1" to be applicable, unless 
previously redeemed or cancelled, such Securities shall be redeemed on the Maturity Date at their 
Final Redemption Amount being an amount per Calculation Amount: 
(a) 
if the Determination Agent determines that the Knock-in Value as of, as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms (a) the Determination Date (b) each Final Redemption Observation 
Date, if any, specified in respect of the Determination Date, or (c) at any time during the 
Barrier Observation Period, if any, specified in respect of the Determination Date, is (i) 
greater than, (ii) greater than or equal to, (iii) equal to, (iv) less than or (v) less than or equal 
to, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the Final Redemption Barrier Value 1, 
determined by the Determination Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
 Calculation Amount × Max [(Specified Rate 1 + Final Redemption Rate); (Participation Rate 1 × 
Final Reference Value 
Applicable Initial Reference Value)] 
(b) 
if (a) above does not apply but the Determination Agent determines that the Knock-in Value 
as of, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms as of (a) the Determination Date, (b) each 
Final Redemption Observation Date, if any, specified in respect of the Determination Date, 
or (c) at any time during the Barrier Observation Period, if any, specified in respect of such 
Interest Determination Date, is (i) greater than, (ii) greater than or equal to, (iii) equal to, 
(iv) less than or (v) less than or equal to, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
Final Redemption Barrier Value 2, determined by the Determination Agent in accordance 
with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × (Specified Rate 2 + Final Redemption Rate) 
or 
(c) 
if neither (a) nor (b) above applies, determined by the Determination Agent in accordance 
with the following formula:

--- Page 335 ---
Terms and Conditions of Securities 
Part 2: Additional Terms and Conditions 
Section 2 
Interest and Redemption Terms 
 
 
335 
 
Calculation Amount × Participation Rate 2 × 
Final Reference Value
Applicable Initial Reference Value 
3.13. 
Dual Barrier Final Redemption 2  
If the applicable Issue Terms specify "Dual Barrier Final Redemption 2" to be applicable, unless 
previously redeemed or cancelled, such Securities shall be redeemed on the Maturity Date at their 
Final Redemption Amount being an amount per Calculation Amount: 
(a) 
if the Determination Agent determines that the Knock-in Value as of, as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms (a) the Determination Date (b) each Final Redemption Observation 
Date, if any, specified in respect of the Determination Date, or (c) at any time during the 
Barrier Observation Period, if any, specified in respect of the Determination Date, is (i) 
greater than, (ii) greater than or equal to, (iii) equal to, (iv) less than or (v) less than or equal 
to, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the Final Redemption Barrier Value 1, 
determined by the Determination Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × 
[Specified Rate 1 + {Participation Rate 1 × Max(Final Redemption Rate;Relevant Underlying Performance)}] 
(b) 
if (a) above does not apply but the Determination Agent determines that the Knock-in Value 
as of, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms as of (a) the Determination Date, (b) each 
Final Redemption Observation Date, if any, specified in respect of the Determination Date, 
or (c) at any time during the Barrier Observation Period, if any, specified in respect of such 
Interest Determination Date, is (i) greater than, (ii) greater than or equal to, (iii) equal to, 
(iv) less than or (v) less than or equal to, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
Final Redemption Barrier Value 2, determined by the Determination Agent in accordance 
with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Participation Rate 2 × 
Final Reference Value
Applicable Initial Reference Value 
or 
(c) 
if neither (a) nor (b) above applies, determined by the Determination Agent in accordance 
with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Specified Rate 2 
3.14. 
Dual Barrier Final Redemption 3  
If the applicable Issue Terms specify "Dual Barrier Final Redemption 3" to be applicable, unless 
previously redeemed or cancelled, such Securities shall be redeemed on the Maturity Date at their 
Final Redemption Amount being an amount per Calculation Amount: 
(a) 
if the Determination Agent determines that the Knock-in Value as of, as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms (a) the Determination Date (b) each Final Redemption Observation 
Date, if any, specified in respect of the Determination Date, or (c) at any time during the 
Barrier Observation Period, if any, specified in respect of the Determination Date, is (i) 
greater than, (ii) greater than or equal to, (iii) equal to, (iv) less than or (v) less than or equal 
to, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the Final Redemption Barrier Value 1, 
determined by the Determination Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × (Specified Rate 1 + Final Redemption Rate 1) 
(b) 
if (a) above does not apply but the Determination Agent determines that the Knock-in Value 
as of, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms as of (a) the Determination Date, (b) each 
Final Redemption Observation Date, if any, specified in respect of the Determination Date, 
or (c) at any time during the Barrier Observation Period, if any, specified in respect of the 
Determination Date, is (i) greater than, (ii) greater than or equal to, (iii) equal to, (iv) less

--- Page 336 ---
Terms and Conditions of Securities 
Part 2: Additional Terms and Conditions 
Section 2 
Interest and Redemption Terms 
 
 
336 
 
than or (v) less than or equal to, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the Final 
Redemption Barrier Value 2, determined by the Determination Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × (Specified Rate 2 + Final Redemption Rate 2) 
(c) 
if neither (a) nor (b) above applies and Physical Settlement is not specified as applicable in 
the applicable Issue Terms, determined by the Determination Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Calculation Amount × 
Final Reference Value of Worst Performing Basket Component
Applicable Initial Reference Value of Worst Performing Basket Component 
provided that if the applicable Issue Terms specify that: 
(i) 
"Par Redemption" applies, the Final Redemption Amount shall be an amount per 
Calculation Amount equal to Calculation Amount; 
(ii) 
"Basic Performance-Linked Redemption" applies, the Final Redemption Amount 
shall be an amount per Calculation Amount determined by the Determination Agent 
in accordance with the following formula:. 
Calculation Amount × Participation Rate × 
Final Reference Value
Applicable Initial Reference Value 
 
provided that, if "Capped Basic Performance-Linked Redemption" applies, the 
Final Redemption Amount shall be an amount per Calculation Amount equal to the 
lesser of (A) the product of the Calculation Amount and 100 per cent. and (B) the 
amount determined in accordance with the formula above; 
(iii) 
"Worst-of Basket Performance-Linked Redemption 1" applies, the Final 
Redemption Amount shall be an amount per Calculation Amount determined by the 
Determination Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × 
[Specified Rate 2 + (Participation Rate × 
Final Reference Value of Worst Performing Basket Component
Applicable Initial Reference Value of Worst Performing Basket Component  )] 
 
provided that, if "Capped Worst-of Basket Performance-Linked Redemption 1" 
applies, the Final Redemption Amount shall be an amount per Calculation Amount 
equal to the lesser of (A) the product of the Calculation Amount and 100 per cent. 
and (B) the amount determined in accordance with the formula above; 
(iv) 
"Worst-of Basket Performance-Linked Redemption 2" applies, the Final 
Redemption Amount shall be an amount per Calculation Amount: 
(A) 
if the Determination Agent determines that the Final Reference Value of any 
Basket Component is greater than or equal to the Knock-in Barrier Level, 
determined by the Determination Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Calculation Amount × 
[Specified Rate 2 + (Participation Rate × 
Final Reference Value of Worst Performing Basket Component
Applicable Initial Reference Value of Worst Performing Basket Component  )] 
(B) 
if (A) above does not apply, equal to the product of the Specified Rate and 
the Calculation Amount. 
(v) 
"Basket Performance-Linked Redemption" applies, the Final Redemption 
Amount shall be an amount per Calculation Amount determined by the 
Determination Agent in accordance with the following formula:

--- Page 337 ---
Terms and Conditions of Securities 
Part 2: Additional Terms and Conditions 
Section 2 
Interest and Redemption Terms 
 
 
337 
 
Calculation Amount × [Specified Rate 2 + (Participation Rate × Relevant Underlying Performance)] 
(d) 
if neither (a) nor (b) above applies and Physical Settelement is applicable as specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms, if the Knock-in Value as of the Determination Date is less than 
the Final Redemption Barrier Value 2, Condition 19 (Physical Settlement) shall apply and:  
(i) 
if "Basic Performance-Linked Redemption" is applicable as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the Physical Delivery Amount for the purposes of such 
Condition shall be the amount of Underlying Securities determined by the 
Determination Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Physical Delivery Amount = ∑Physical Delivery Amounti
n
i=1
 
 
"n" being equal to 1 (where the Securities are linked to a Single Underlying) or the 
number of Basket Components comprising the Basket (where the Securities are 
linked to a Basket), and where the Determination Agent shall determine "Physical 
Delivery Amounti" in accordance with the following formula: 
Physical Delivery Amounti= 1
n   × Securityholder Par Value × Physical Delivery FX Rate
Applicable Initial Reference Valuei
 
 
rounded down to the nearest whole round lot as permitted by the Exchange for 
trading purposes. 
 
If any Physical Delivery Amounti is rounded down to the nearest whole lot as 
permitted by the Exchange for trading purposes, the Issuer will also pay (in respect 
of all Physical Delivery Amountsi) an aggregate amount equal to the Cash Residual 
Amount in respect of the Security; or 
(ii) 
if "Worst-of Basket Performance-Linked Redemption" is applicable as specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, the Physical Delivery Amount for the purposes of 
such Condition shall be the amount of the Worst Performing Basket Component 
determined by the Determination Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Physical Delivery Amount = 
Securityholder Par Value × Physical Delivery FX Rate
Applicable Initial Reference Value of the Worst Performing Basket Component 
 
rounded down to the nearest round lot as permitted by the Exchange for trading 
purposes, in which case the Issuer will also pay, in addition, a Cash Residual Amount. 
3.15. 
Dual Barrier Final Redemption 4  
If the applicable Issue Terms specify "Dual Barrier Final Redemption 4" to be applicable, unless 
previously redeemed or cancelled, such Securities shall be redeemed on the Maturity Date at their 
Final Redemption Amount being an amount per Calculation Amount: 
(a) 
if the Determination Agent determines that the Knock-in Value as of, as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms (a) the Determination Date (b) each Final Redemption Observation 
Date, if any, specified in respect of the Determination Date, or (c) at any time during the 
Barrier Observation Period, if any, specified in respect of the Determination Date, is (i) 
greater than, (ii) greater than or equal to, (iii) equal to, (iv) less than or (v) less than or equal 
to, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the Final Redemption Barrier Value 1, 
determined by the Determination Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
 Calculation Amount × Final Redemption Rate 1 
(b) 
if (a) above does not apply but the Determination Agent determines that the Knock-in Value 
as of, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms (a) the Determination Date, (b) each Final

--- Page 338 ---
Terms and Conditions of Securities 
Part 2: Additional Terms and Conditions 
Section 2 
Interest and Redemption Terms 
 
 
338 
 
Redemption Observation Date, if any, specified in respect of the Determination Date, or (c) 
at any time during the Barrier Observation Period, if any, specified in respect of such 
Interest Determination Date, is (i) greater than, (ii) greater than or equal to, (iii) equal to, 
(iv) less than or (v) less than or equal to, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
Final Redemption Barrier Value 2, determined by the Determination Agent in accordance 
with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Final Redemption Rate 2 
or 
(c) 
if neither (a) nor (b) above applies and the Knock-in Value as of, as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms (a) the Determination Date, (b) each Final Redemption Observation 
Date, if any, specified in respect of the Determination Date, or (c) at any time during the 
Barrier Observation Period, if any, specified in respect of such Interest Determination Date, 
is less than the Final Redemption Barrier Value 2, determined by the Determination Agent 
in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount ×   
(100% + Max [ Applicable Multiplier × (Final Reference Value / Applicable Initial Reference Value - Applicable Percentage); Applicable Floor]  
3.16. 
Dual Barrier Final Redemption 5  
If the applicable Issue Terms specify "Dual Barrier Final Redemption 5" to be applicable, unless 
previously redeemed or cancelled, such Securities shall be redeemed on the Maturity Date at their 
Final Redemption Amount being an amount per Calculation Amount: 
(a) 
if the Determination Agent determines that the Knock-in Value (where the Securities are linked to 
a Basket, in respect of each Basket Component) as of, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
(a) the Determination Date (b) each Final Redemption Observation Date, if any, specified in 
respect of the Determination Date, or (c) at any time during the Barrier Observation Period, if any, 
specified in respect of the Determination Date, is (i) greater than, (ii) greater than or equal to, (iii) 
equal to, (iv) less than or (v) less than or equal to, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
Final Redemption Barrier Value (where the Securities are linked to a Basket, in respect of the 
relevant Basket Component):  
Calculation Amount × 100% 
(b) 
if (a) above does not apply but the Determination Agent determines that the Relevant Underlying 
Value (where the Securities are linked to a Basket, in respect of the Worst Performing Basket 
Component) as of, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms (a) the Determination Date (b) each 
Final Redemption Observation Date, if any, specified in respect of the Determination Date, or (c) 
at any time during the Barrier Observation Period, if any, specified in respect of the Determination 
Date, is (i) greater than, (ii) greater than or equal to, (iii) equal to, (iv) less than or (v) less than or 
equal to, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the Initial Reference Value (where the 
Securities are linked to a Basket, in respect of the Worst Performing Basket Component), 
determined by the Determination Agent in accordance with the following formula:  
Calculation Amount × 100% 
(c) 
if neither (a) nor (b) above applies, Condition 19 (Physical Settlement) shall apply and:  
(i) 
if "Basic Performance-Linked Redemption" is applicable as specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, the Physical Delivery Amount for the purposes of such Condition shall be the 
amount of Underlying Securities determined by the Determination Agent in accordance 
with the following formula: 
Physical Delivery Amount = ∑Physical Delivery Amounti
n
i=1
 
"n" being equal to 1 (where the Securities are linked to a Single Underlying) or the number 
of Basket Components comprising the Basket (where the Securities are linked to a Basket),

--- Page 339 ---
Terms and Conditions of Securities 
Part 2: Additional Terms and Conditions 
Section 2 
Interest and Redemption Terms 
 
 
339 
 
and where the Determination Agent shall determine "Physical Delivery Amounti" in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Physical Delivery Amounti= 1
n   × Securityholder Par Value × Physical Delivery FX Rate
Applicable Initial Reference Valuei
 
rounded down to the nearest whole round lot as permitted by the Exchange for trading 
purposes. 
If any Physical Delivery Amounti is rounded down to the nearest whole lot as permitted by 
the Exchange for trading purposes, the Issuer will also pay (in respect of all Physical 
Delivery Amountsi) an aggregate amount equal to the Cash Residual Amount in respect of 
the Security; or 
(ii) 
if "Worst-of Basket Performance-Linked Redemption" is applicable as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the Physical Delivery Amount for the purposes of such Condition 
shall be the amount of the Worst Performing Basket Component determined by the 
Determination Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Physical Delivery Amount = 
Securityholder Par Value × Physical Delivery FX Rate
Applicable Initial Reference Value of the Worst Performing Basket Component 
rounded down to the nearest round lot as permitted by the Exchange for trading purposes, 
in which case the Issuer will also pay, in addition, a Cash Residual Amount. 
3.17. 
Dual Barrier Final Redemption 6  
If the applicable Issue Terms specify "Dual Barrier Final Redemption 6" to be applicable, unless 
previously redeemed or cancelled, such Securities shall be redeemed on the Maturity Date at their 
Final Redemption Amount being an amount per Calculation Amount: 
(a) 
if the Determination Agent determines that the Knock-in Value as of, as specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, (i) the Determination Date, (ii) each Final Redemption Observation Date, if any, 
specified in respect of the Determination Date, or (iii) at any time during the Barrier Observation 
Period, if any, specified in respect of the Determination Date is (A) greater than, (B) greater than 
or equal to, (C) less than or (D) less than or equal to, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
the Final Redemption Barrier Value 1, determined by the Determination Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × 
[Specified Rate 1+ {Participation Rate 1× Max(Final Redemption Rate;Relevant Underlying Performance)× FXFinal
FXInitial
}] 
(b) 
if (a) above does not apply, but the Determination Agent determines that the Knock-in Value as 
of, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, (i) the Determination Date, (ii) each Final 
Redemption Observation Date, if any, specified in respect of the Determination Date, or (iii) at 
any time during the Barrier Observation Period, if any, specified in respect of the Determination 
Date is (A) greater than, (B) greater than or equal to, (C) less than or (D) less than or equal to, as 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the Final Redemption Barrier Value 2, equal to the product 
of Specified Rate 2 and the Calculation Amount; and 
(c) 
if neither (a) nor (b) above applies, determined by the Determination Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Calculation Amount ×[Specified Rate 3 + (Participation Rate 2 × 
Final Reference Value
Applicable Initial Reference Value)× FXFinal
FXInitial
] 
3.18. 
Dual Barrier Redemption – Twin Win  
If the applicable Issue Terms specify "Dual Barrier Redemption – Twin Win" to be applicable, 
unless previously redeemed or cancelled, such Securities shall be redeemed on the Maturity Date 
at their Final Redemption Amount being an amount per Calculation Amount:

--- Page 340 ---
Terms and Conditions of Securities 
Part 2: Additional Terms and Conditions 
Section 2 
Interest and Redemption Terms 
 
 
340 
 
(a) 
if the Determination Agent determines that the Knock-in Value as of, as specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, (i) the Determination Date, (ii) each Final Redemption Observation Date, if any, 
specified in respect of the Determination Date, or (iii) at any time during the Barrier Observation 
Period, if any, specified in respect of the Determination Date is (A) greater than, (B) greater than 
or equal to, (C) less than or (D) less than or equal to, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
the Final Redemption Barrier Value 1, determined by the Determination Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × 
[Specified Rate 1 + {Participation Rate 1 × Max(Final Redemption Rate 1;Relevant Underlying Performance) × FXFinal
FXInitial
}] 
(b) 
if (a) above does not apply, but the Determination Agent determines that the Knock-in Value as 
of, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, (i) the Determination Date, (ii) each Final 
Redemption Observation Date, if any, specified in respect of the Determination Date, or (iii) at 
any time during the Barrier Observation Period, if any, specified in respect of the Determination 
Date is (A) greater than, (B) greater than or equal to, (C) less than or (D) less than or equal to, as 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the Final 
Redemption Barrier Value 2, determined by the Determination Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Calculation Amount × 
[Specified Rate 2 + {Participation Rate 2 × Max(Final Redemption Rate 2; Relevant Underlying Performance (Put)) × FXFinal
FXInitial
}] 
or 
(c) 
if neither (a) nor (b) above applies, determined by the Determination Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Calculation Amount × [Specified Rate 3 + (Participation Rate 3 × 
Final Reference Value
Applicable Initial Reference Value × FXFinal
FXInitial
)] 
3.19. 
Performance Linked Redemption  
If the applicable Issue Terms specify "Performance Linked Redemption" to be applicable, unless 
previously redeemed or cancelled, such Securities shall be redeemed as the Maturity Date at their 
Final Redemption Amount being an amount per Calculation Amount: 
(a) 
if the Final Reference Value as of the Determination Date is equal to or greater than the Knock-in 
Barrier Level (1), determined by the Determination Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Calculation Amount + [Calculation Amount x [Specified Rate × n
365]] 
 
where "n" means the number of calendar days from, and including, the Issue Date to, but 
excluding, the Maturity Date; 
(b)  
if the Final Reference Value as of the Determination Date is equal to or greater than the Knock-in 
Barrier Level (2), determined by the Determination Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Calculation Amount × 100 per cent ; or 
(c) 
if the Final Reference Value as of the Determination Date is less than the Knock-in Barrier Level 
(2), determined by the Determination Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount ×
Final Reference Value
Applicable Initial Reference Value 
3.20. 
Mixto Redemption  
If the applicable Issue Terms specify "Mixto Redemption" to be applicable, unless previously 
redeemed or cancelled, such Securities shall be redeemed on the Maturity Date at their Final 
Redemption Amount being an amount per Calculation Amount:

--- Page 341 ---
Terms and Conditions of Securities 
Part 2: Additional Terms and Conditions 
Section 2 
Interest and Redemption Terms 
 
 
341 
 
(a) 
if "Specified Rate 1 Final Redemption Amount" is applicable as specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms and, on the Determination Date, the Determination Agent determines that the Final 
Reference Value is equal to or greater than the Initial Reference Value, determined by the 
Determination Agent in accordance with the following formula:  
Reduced Calculation Amount + [Specified Rate 1 ×  Reduced Calculation Amount]; or 
(b) 
if  (a) above does not apply: 
(i) 
if, on the Determination Date, the Determination Agent determines that the Final Reference 
Value is equal to or greater than the Barrier, determined by the Determination Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Reduced Calculation Amount + [Specified Rate 2 ×  Reduced Calculation Amount]; or 
(ii) 
if, on the Determination Date, the Determination Agent determines that the Final Reference 
Value is less than the Barrier, determined by the Determination Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
Reduced Calculation Amount + [Specified Rate 2 ×  Reduced Calculation Amount] ×  
Final Reference Value
Applicable Initial Reference Value 
3.21. 
Participation and Performance-Linked Redemption  
If the applicable Issue Terms specify "Participation and Performance-Linked Redemption" to 
be applicable, unless previously redeemed or cancelled, such Securities shall be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at their Final Redemption Amount being an amount per Calculation Amount 
determined by the Determination Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × 
[Specified Rate + {Participation Rate × Max(Final Redemption Rate; Relevant Underlying Performance)× FXFinal
FXInitial
}] 
provided that if the applicable Issue Terms specify "FX Return" to be "Not Applicable", then 
FXFinal
FXInitial 
in the formula set out in this Paragraph 3.21 (Participation and Performance-Linked Redemption) 
shall be equal to 1.  
3.22. 
Synthetic Zero Redemption  
If the applicable Issue Terms specify "Synthetic Zero Redemption" to be applicable, unless 
previously redeemed or cancelled, such Securities shall be redeemed on the Maturity Date at their 
Final Redemption Amount being an amount per Calculation Amount determined by the 
Determination Agent in accordance with the following formula (provided that if the value 
determined by the Determination Agent in accordance with such formula is a negative number, 
the Final Redemption Amount in respect of the Securities shall be zero): 
Calculation Amount ×[1 - Max {0; Participation Rate ×(Specified Strike Value-Initial Reference Value
Final Reference Value
}] 
3.23. 
Lock In Ladder Redemption  
If the applicable Issue Terms specify "Lock In Ladder Redemption" to be applicable, unless 
previously redeemed or cancelled, such Securities shall be redeemed on the Maturity Date at their 
Final Redemption Amount being an amount per Calculation Amount determined by the 
Determination Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × 
[Specified Rate + {Participation Rate × Max(Final Redemption Rate; Relevant Underlying Performance; Multiplier × Maximum Lock in Step) × FXFinal
FXInitial
}] 
3.24. 
Lock In Ladder Barrier Redemption  
If the applicable Issue Terms specify "Lock In Ladder Barrier Redemption" as applicable, 
unless previously redeemed or cancelled, such Securities shall be redeemed on the Maturity Date 
at their Final Redemption Amount being an amount per Calculation Amount:

--- Page 342 ---
Terms and Conditions of Securities 
Part 2: Additional Terms and Conditions 
Section 2 
Interest and Redemption Terms 
 
 
342 
 
(a) 
if the Determination Agent determines that the Knock-in Value as of, as specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, (i) the Determination Date, (ii) each Final Redemption Observation Date, if any, 
specified in respect of the Determination Date, or (iii) at any time during the Barrier Observation 
Period, if any, specified in respect of the Determination Date is (A) greater than, (B) greater than 
or equal to, (C) less than or (D) less than or equal to, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
the Final Redemption Barrier Value, determined by the Determination Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × 
[Specified Rate 1+ {Participation Rate 1 × Max(Final Redemption Rate; Relevant Underlying Performance; Multiplier × Maximum Lock in Step) × FXFinal
FXInitial
}] 
or 
(b) 
if (a) above does not apply and the Maximum Lock in Step is greater than zero, determined by the 
Determination Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × 
[Specified Rate 1+ {Participation Rate 1 × Max(Final Redemption Rate; Relevant Underlying Performance; Multiplier × Maximum Lock in Step) × FXFinal
FXInitial
}] 
or 
(c) 
if neither (a) nor (b) above applies, 
(i) 
unless "Worst Performance" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, 
determined by the Determination Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × [Specified Rate 2 + (Participation Rate 2 × 
Final Reference Value
Applicable Initial Reference Value)× FXFinal
FXInitial
] 
(ii) 
if "Worst Performance" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, 
determined by the Determination Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × 
[Specified Rate 2+ (Participation Rate 2 × 
Final Reference Value of Worst Performing Basket Component
Applicable Initial Reference Value of Worst Performing Basket Component ) × FXFinal
FXInitial
] 
3.25. 
Ranked Underlying Redemption  
If the applicable Issue Terms specify "Ranked Underlying Redemption" to be applicable, unless 
previously redeemed or cancelled, such Securities shall be redeemed on the Maturity Date at their 
Final Redemption Amount being an amount per Calculation Amount determined by the 
Determination Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × 
[Specified Rate + {Participation Rate × Max (Final Redemption Rate;Top Rank Underlying Performance)× FXFinal
FXInitial
}] 
3.26. 
Multiple Barrier Redemption  
If the applicable Issue Terms specify "Multiple Barrier Redemption" to be applicable, and if the 
Determination Agent determines that the Knock-in Value as of, as specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, (i) the Determination Date, (ii) each Final Redemption Observation Date, if any, specified 
in respect of the Determination Date, or (iii) at any time during the Barrier Observation Period, if 
any, specified in respect of the Determination Date is (A) greater than, (B) greater than or equal 
to, (C) less than or (D) less than or equal to, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, any 
Specified Final Redemption Barrier Value, unless previously redeemed or cancelled, such 
Securities shall be redeemed on the Maturity Date at their Final Redemption Amount being an 
amount per Calculation Amount determined by the Determination Agent by multiplying the 
Specified Final Redemption Rate specified in respect of that Specified Final Redemption Barrier 
Value and the Calculation Amount. 
3.27. 
Inflation Linked Redemption  
If the applicable Issue Terms specify "Inflation Linked Redemption" to be applicable, unless 
previously redeemed or cancelled, such Securities shall be redeemed on the Maturity Date at their 
Final Redemption Amount being an amount per Calculation Amount determined by the 
Determination Agent in accordance with the following formula (provided that if the value

--- Page 343 ---
Terms and Conditions of Securities 
Part 2: Additional Terms and Conditions 
Section 2 
Interest and Redemption Terms 
 
 
343 
 
determined by the Determination Agent in accordance with such formula is a negative number, 
the Final Redemption Amount in respect of the Securities shall be zero): 
Calculation Amount × [Specified Rate + (Participation Rate × (CPIFinal
CPIInitial
 -1))] 
and further provided that if the applicable Issue Terms specify: 
(i) 
a Redemption Cap, the amount calculated in accordance with the above formula shall not 
exceed the Redemption Cap; or 
(ii) 
a Redemption Floor, the amount calculated in accordance with the above formula shall not 
be less than the Redemption Floor; or 
(iii) 
a Redemption Cap and a Redemption Floor, the amount calculated in accordance with the 
above formula shall not exceed the Redemption Cap and shall not be less than the 
Redemption Floor. 
3.28. 
Booster Redemption (1)  
(a) 
If the applicable Issue Terms specify "Booster Redemption (1)" to be applicable and Physical 
Settlement is specified as not applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, unless previously redeemed 
or cancelled, such Securities shall be redeemed on the Maturity Date at their Final Redemption 
Amount being an amount per Calculation Amount determined by the Determination Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount − Final Downside Amount + Final Upside Amount 
where: 
"Final Downside Amount" means an amount determined by the Determination Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
(i) 
if "Basic Performance-Linked Redemption" is applicable as specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms: 
Calculation Amount ×  Max [0, Put Strike − 
Final Reference Value
Applicable Initial Reference Value]; or  
(ii) 
if "Worst-of Basket Performance-Linked Redemption" is applicable as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms: 
Calculation Amount ×  Max [0, Put Strike − 
Final Reference Value of Worst Performing Basket Component
Applicable Initial Reference Value of Worst Performing Basket Component]; and 
"Final Upside Amount" means an amount determined by the Determination Agent in accordance 
with the following formula: 
(i) 
if "Basic Performance-Linked Redemption" is applicable as specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms: 
Calculation Amount × Participation Rate × Max [0,
Final Refererence Value
Applicable Initial Reference Value −Call Strike]; or 
(ii) 
if "Worst-of Basket Performance-Linked Redemption" is applicable as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms: 
Calculation Amount × Participation Rate ×
Max [0,
Final Refererence Value of Worst Performing Basket Component
Applicable Initial Reference Value of Worst Performing Basket Component −Call Strike]; or 
(b) 
if the applicable Issue Terms specify "Booster Redemption (1)" to be applicable and Physical 
Settlement is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms:  
(i) 
if the Determination Agent determines that the Knock-in Value as of, as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, (i) the Determination Date, (ii) each Final Redemption Observation 
Date, if any, specified in respect of the Determination Date, or (iii) at any time during the 
Barrier Observation Period, if any, specified in respect of the Determination Date is (A) 
greater than, (B) greater than or equal to, (C) less than or (D) less than or equal to, as

--- Page 344 ---
Terms and Conditions of Securities 
Part 2: Additional Terms and Conditions 
Section 2 
Interest and Redemption Terms 
 
 
344 
 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the Final Redemption Barrier Value, unless 
previously redeemed or cancelled, such Securities shall be redeemed on the Maturity Date 
at their Final Redemption Amount being an amount per Calculation Amount determined 
by the Determination Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Final Upside Amount + Final Downside Amount 
where: 
"Final Upside Amount" means an amount determined by the Determination Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
(A) 
if "Basic Performance-Linked Redemption" is applicable as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms: 
Calculation Amount × Participation Rate 
× Max [0,
Final Refererence Value
Applicable Initial Reference Value −Call Strike] ;  or 
(B) 
if "Worst-of Basket Performance-Linked Redemption" is applicable as specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms: 
Calculation Amount × Participation Rate 
× Max [0,
Final Refererence Value of Worst Performing Basket Component
Applicable Initial Reference Value of Worst Performing Basket Component
−Call Strike] ;  and 
"Final Downside Amount" means an amount determined by the Determination Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount ×  100%; or 
(ii) 
if (i) does not apply, unless previously redeemed or cancelled, such Securities shall be 
redeemed by (A) payment on the Maturity Date of the Final Redemption Amount, being an 
amount per Calculation Amount equal to the Final Upside Amount; and (B) delivery of the 
Physical Delivery Amount (including, for the avoidance of doubt, payment of any Cash 
Residual Amount, if applicable) in accordance with Condition 19 (Physical Settlement), 
where:  
"Final Upside Amount" means an amount determined by the Determination Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
(A) 
if "Basic Performance-Linked Redemption" is applicable as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms: 
Calculation Amount × Participation Rate × Max [0,
Final Refererence Value
Applicable Initial Reference Value −
Call Strike] ; or 
(B) 
if "Worst-of Basket Performance-Linked Redemption" is applicable as specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms: 
Calculation Amount × Participation Rate 
× Max [0,
Final Refererence Value of Worst Performing Basket Component
Applicable Initial Reference Value of Worst Performing Basket Component
−Call Strike] ; and 
"Physical Delivery Amount" means: 
(A) 
if "Basic Performance-Linked Redemption" is applicable as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the amount of Underlying Securities determined by the 
Determination Agent in accordance with the following formula:

--- Page 345 ---
Terms and Conditions of Securities 
Part 2: Additional Terms and Conditions 
Section 2 
Interest and Redemption Terms 
 
 
345 
 
Physical Delivery Amount = ∑Physical Delivery Amounti
n
i=1
 
"n" being equal to 1 (where the Securities are linked to a Single Underlying) or the 
number of Basket Components comprising the Basket (where the Securities are 
linked to a Basket), and where the Determination Agent shall determine "Physical 
Delivery Amounti" in accordance with the following formula: 
Physical Delivery Amounti=  
1
n   × Securityholder Par Value × Applicable Initial Reference Value × Physical Delivery FX Rate
Initial Reference Valuei
 
rounded down to the nearest whole round lot as permitted by the Exchange for 
trading purposes. 
If any Physical Delivery Amounti is rounded down to the nearest whole lot as 
permitted by the Exchange for trading purposes, the Issuer will also pay (in respect 
of all Physical Delivery Amountsi) an aggregate amount equal to the Cash Residual 
Amount in respect of the Security; or 
(B) 
if "Worst-of Basket Performance-Linked Redemption" is applicable as specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, the amount of the Worst Performing Basket 
Component determined by the Determination Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Physical Delivery Amount = 
Securityholder Par Value × Applicable Initial Reference Value × Physical Delivery FX Rate
Initial Reference Value of the Worst Performing Basket Component
 
rounded down to the nearest round lot as permitted by the Exchange for trading 
purposes, in which case the Issuer will also pay, in addition, a Cash Residual 
Amount. 
3.29. 
Booster Redemption (2)  
(a) 
If the applicable Issue Terms specify "Booster Redemption (2)" to be applicable and Physical 
Settlement is specified as not applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, unless previously redeemed 
or cancelled, such Securities shall be redeemed on the Maturity Date at their Final Redemption 
Amount being an amount per Calculation Amount determined by the Determination Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
 
Calculation Amount − Final Downside Amount + Final Upside Amount 
 
where:"Final Downside Amount" means an amount determined by the Determination Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
(i)        if the applicable Issue Terms specify "Barrier Feature" to be applicable:  
(A) 
if the Determination Agent determines that the Knock-in Value as of, as specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, (x) the Determination Date, (y) each Final 
Redemption Observation Date, if any, specified in respect of the Determination 
Date, or (z) at any time during the Barrier Observation Period, if any, specified in 
respect of the Determination Date is (I) greater than, (II) greater than or equal to, 
(III) less than or (IV) less than or equal to, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
the Final Redemption Barrier Value and: 
 
(1) 
if "Basic Performance-Linked Redemption" is applicable as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms:

--- Page 346 ---
Terms and Conditions of Securities 
Part 2: Additional Terms and Conditions 
Section 2 
Interest and Redemption Terms 
 
 
346 
 
Calculation Amount × Downside Gearing Rate ×  Max [0, Put Strike − 
Final Reference Value
Applicable Initial Reference Value]; 
or 
(2) 
if "Worst-of Basket Performance-Linked Redemption" is applicable as 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms: 
Calculation Amount × Downside Gearing Rate 
×  Max [0, Put Strike
− 
Final Reference Value of Worst Performing Basket Component
Applicable Initial Reference Value of Worst Performing Basket Component] 
 
(3) 
if "Basket Performance-Linked Redemption" is applicable as specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms  
Calculation Amount × Downside Gearing Rate x Max [0, Put Strike −
 Relevant Underlying Peformance]; or 
(B) 
if (A) does not apply: 
 
Calculation Amount × Downside Multiplier 
 
where "Downside Multiplier" means (i) the value (which may be zero) specified as 
such in the applicable Issuer Terms, or (ii) if "Downside Multiplier" is specified as 
not applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, zero. 
 
(ii) 
if the applicable Issue Terms specify "Barrier Feature" to be not applicable: 
(A) 
if "Basic Performance-Linked Redemption" is applicable as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms: 
Calculation Amount × Downside Gearing Rate ×  Max[0, Put Strike − 
Final Reference Value
Applicable Initial Reference Value]; or 
(B) 
if "Worst-of Basket Performance-Linked Redemption" is applicable as specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms: 
Calculation Amount × Downside Gearing Rate 
×  Max [0, Put Strike − 
Final Reference Value of Worst Performing Basket Component
Applicable Initial Reference Value of Worst Performing Basket Component] 
 
(C) 
if "Basket Performance-Linked Redemption" is applicable as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms: 
Calculation Amount × Downside Gearing Rate x Max [0, Put Strike −
 Relevant Underlying Peformance]; or 
 
"Final Upside Amount" means an amount determined by the Determination Agent in accordance 
with the following formula: 
(i) 
if the applicable Issue Terms specify "Final Upside Return" to be not applicable, the Final 
Upside Amount shall be zero; and 
(ii) 
if the applicable Issue Terms specify "Final Upside Return" to be applicable and: 
(A) 
if "Basic Performance-Linked Redemption" is applicable as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms:

--- Page 347 ---
Terms and Conditions of Securities 
Part 2: Additional Terms and Conditions 
Section 2 
Interest and Redemption Terms 
 
 
347 
 
Calculation Amount × Participation Rate 
×  Min [Performance Cap, Max [0,
Final Reference Value
Applicable Initial Reference Value
−Call Strike]] ;  𝑜𝑟 
(B) 
if "Worst-of Basket Performance-Linked Redemption" is applicable as specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms: 
Calculation Amount × Participation Rate ×
 Min [Performance Cap, Max[0,
Final Reference Value of Worst Performing Basket Component
Applicable Initial Reference Value of Worst Performing Basket Component −
Call Strike]]; or 
(C) 
if "Basket Performance-Linked Redemption" is applicable as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms: 
Calculation Amount × Participation Rate 
×  Min[Performance Cap, Max[0, Relevant Underlying Performance −Call Strike]] 
(b) 
if the applicable Issue Terms specify "Booster Redemption (2)" to be applicable and Physical 
Settlement is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms:  
(i) 
if the Determination Agent determines that the Knock-in Value as of, as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, (i) the Determination Date, (ii) each Final Redemption Observation 
Date, if any, specified in respect of the Determination Date, or (iii) at any time during the 
Barrier Observation Period, if any, specified in respect of the Determination Date is (A) 
greater than, (B) greater than or equal to, (C) less than or (D) less than or equal to, as 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the Final Redemption Barrier Value, unless 
previously redeemed or cancelled, such Securities shall be redeemed on the Maturity Date 
at their Final Redemption Amount being an amount per Calculation Amount determined 
by the Determination Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Final Upside Amount + Final Downside Amount 
where: 
"Final Upside Amount" means an amount determined by the Determination Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
(A) 
if "Basic Performance-Linked Redemption" is applicable as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms: 
Calculation Amount × Participation Rate 
×  Min[Performance Cap,Max [0,
Final Reference Value
Applicable Initial Reference Value
−Call Strike]]; or 
(B) 
if "Worst-of Basket Performance-Linked Redemption" is applicable as specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms: 
Calculation Amount × Participation Rate ×
 Min [Performance Cap, Max[0,
Final Reference Value of Worst Performing Basket Component
Applicable Initial Reference Value of Worst Performing Basket Component −
Call Strike]]; and 
"Final Downside Amount" means an amount determined by the Determination Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount ×  100%; or

--- Page 348 ---
Terms and Conditions of Securities 
Part 2: Additional Terms and Conditions 
Section 2 
Interest and Redemption Terms 
 
 
348 
 
(ii) 
if (i) does not apply, unless previously redeemed or cancelled, such Securities shall be 
redeemed by (A) payment on the Maturity Date of the Final Redemption Amount, being an 
amount per Calculation Amount equal to the Final Upside Amount; and (B) delivery of the 
Physical Delivery Amount (including, for the avoidance of doubt, payment of any Cash 
Residual Amount, if applicable) in accordance with Condition 19 (Physical Settlement), 
where:  
"Final Upside Amount" means an amount determined by the Determination Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
(A) 
if "Basic Performance-Linked Redemption" is applicable as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms: 
Calculation Amount × Participation Rate 
×  Min[Performance Cap,Max [0,
Final Reference Value
Applicable Initial Reference Value
−Call Strike]]; or 
(B) 
if "Worst-of Basket Performance-Linked Redemption" is applicable as specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms: 
Calculation Amount × Participation Rate ×
 Min [Performance Cap, Max[0,
Final Reference Value of Worst Performing Basket Component
Applicable Initial Reference Value of Worst Performing Basket Component −
Call Strike]]; and 
"Physical Delivery Amount" means: 
(A) 
if "Basic Performance-Linked Redemption" is applicable as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the amount of Underlying Securities determined by the 
Determination Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Physical Delivery Amount = ∑Physical Delivery Amounti
n
i=1
 
"n" being equal to 1 (where the Securities are linked to a Single Underlying) or the 
number of Basket Components comprising the Basket (where the Securities are 
linked to a Basket), and where the Determination Agent shall determine "Physical 
Delivery Amounti" in accordance with the following formula: 
Physical Delivery Amounti=  
1
n   × Securityholder Par Value × Applicable Initial Reference Value × Physical Delivery FX Rate
Initial Reference Valuei
 
rounded down to the nearest whole round lot as permitted by the Exchange for 
trading purposes. 
If any Physical Delivery Amounti is rounded down to the nearest whole lot as 
permitted by the Exchange for trading purposes, the Issuer will also pay (in respect 
of all Physical Delivery Amountsi) an aggregate amount equal to the Cash Residual 
Amount in respect of the Security; or 
(B) 
if "Worst-of Basket Performance-Linked Redemption" is applicable as specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, the amount of the Worst Performing Basket 
Component determined by the Determination Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Physical Delivery Amount =

--- Page 349 ---
Terms and Conditions of Securities 
Part 2: Additional Terms and Conditions 
Section 2 
Interest and Redemption Terms 
 
 
349 
 
Securityholder Par Value × Applicable Initial Reference Value × Physical Delivery FX Rate
Initial Reference Value of the Worst Performing Basket Component
 
rounded down to the nearest round lot as permitted by the Exchange for trading 
purposes, in which case the Issuer will also pay, in addition, a Cash Residual 
Amount. 
3.30. 
Booster Redemption (3)  
(a) 
If applicable Issue Terms specify "Booster Redemption (3)" to be applicable and Physical 
Settlement is specified as not applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, unless previously redeemed 
or cancelled, such Securities shall be redeemed on the Maturity Date at their Final Redemption 
Amount being an amount per Calculation Amount determined by the Determination Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
 
Specified Rate ×  Calculation Amount + Final Upside Amount 
 
where: 
"Final Upside Amount" means an amount determined by the Determination Agent in accordance 
with the following formula: 
(i) 
if "Basic Performance-Linked Redemption" is applicable as specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms: 
Calculation Amount × Participation Rate ×  Max [0,
Final Refererence Value (Final Redemption)
Applicable Initial Reference Value
−Call Strike]; or 
(ii) 
if "Worst-of Basket Performance-Linked Redemption" is applicable as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms: 
Calculation Amount × Participation Rate ×
 Max [0,
Final Refererence Value (Final Redemption) of Worst Performing Basket Component
Applicable Initial Reference Value of Worst Performing Basket Component
−Call Strike]; or  
(b) 
if the applicable Issue Terms specify "Booster Redemption (3)" to be applicable and Physical 
Settlement is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms:  
(i) 
if the Determination Agent determines that the Knock-in Value as of, as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, (i) the Determination Date, (ii) each Final Redemption Observation 
Date, if any, specified in respect of the Determination Date, or (iii) at any time during the 
Barrier Observation Period, if any, specified in respect of the Determination Date is (A) 
greater than, (B) greater than or equal to, (C) less than or (D) less than or equal to, as 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the Final Redemption Barrier Value, unless 
previously redeemed or cancelled, such Securities shall be redeemed on the Maturity Date 
at their Final Redemption Amount being an amount per Calculation Amount determined 
by the Determination Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Final Upside Amount + Final Downside Amount 
where: 
"Final Upside Amount" means an amount determined by the Determination Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
(A) 
if "Basic Performance-Linked Redemption" is applicable as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms: 
Calculation Amount × Participation Rate ×  Max [0,
Final Refererence Value (Final Redemption)
Applicable Initial Reference Value
−
Call Strike]; or 
(B) 
if "Worst-of Basket Performance-Linked Redemption" is applicable as specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms:

--- Page 350 ---
Terms and Conditions of Securities 
Part 2: Additional Terms and Conditions 
Section 2 
Interest and Redemption Terms 
 
 
350 
 
Calculation Amount × Participation Rate ×
 Max [0,
Final Refererence Value (Final Redemption) of Worst Performing Basket Component
Applicable Initial Reference Value of Worst Performing Basket Component
−Call Strike]; and  
"Final Downside Amount" means an amount determined by the Determination Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount ×  100%; or 
(ii) 
if (i) does not apply, unless previously redeemed or cancelled, such Securities shall be 
redeemed by (A) payment on the Maturity Date of the Final Redemption Amount, being an 
amount per Calculation Amount equal to the Final Upside Amount; and (B) delivery of the 
Physical Delivery Amount (including, for the avoidance of doubt, payment of any Cash 
Residual Amount, if applicable) in accordance with Condition 19 (Physical Settlement), 
where:  
"Final Upside Amount" means an amount determined by the Determination Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
(A) 
if "Basic Performance-Linked Redemption" is applicable as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms: 
Calculation Amount × Participation Rate ×  Max [0,
Final Refererence Value (Final Redemption)
Applicable Initial Reference Value
−
Call Strike]; or 
(B) 
if "Worst-of Basket Performance-Linked Redemption" is applicable as specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms: 
Calculation Amount × Participation Rate ×
 Max [0,
Final Refererence Value (Final Redemption) of Worst Performing Basket Component
Applicable Initial Reference Value of Worst Performing Basket Component
−Call Strike]; and  
"Physical Delivery Amount" means: 
(A) 
if "Basic Performance-Linked Redemption" is applicable as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the amount of Underlying Securities determined by the 
Determination Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Physical Delivery Amount = ∑Physical Delivery Amounti
n
i=1
 
"n" being equal to 1 (where the Securities are linked to a Single Underlying) or the 
number of Basket Components comprising the Basket (where the Securities are 
linked to a Basket), and where the Determination Agent shall determine "Physical 
Delivery Amounti" in accordance with the following formula: 
Physical Delivery Amounti=  
1
n   × Securityholder Par Value × Applicable Initial Reference Value × Physical Delivery FX Rate
Initial Reference Valuei
 
rounded down to the nearest whole round lot as permitted by the Exchange for 
trading purposes. 
If any Physical Delivery Amounti is rounded down to the nearest whole lot as 
permitted by the Exchange for trading purposes, the Issuer will also pay (in respect 
of all Physical Delivery Amountsi) an aggregate amount equal to the Cash Residual 
Amount in respect of the Security; or 
(B) 
if "Worst-of Basket Performance-Linked Redemption" is applicable as specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, the amount of the Worst Performing Basket 
Component determined by the Determination Agent in accordance with the 
following formula:

--- Page 351 ---
Terms and Conditions of Securities 
Part 2: Additional Terms and Conditions 
Section 2 
Interest and Redemption Terms 
 
 
351 
 
Physical Delivery Amount = 
Securityholder Par Value × Applicable Initial Reference Value × Physical Delivery FX Rate
Initial Reference Value of the Worst Performing Basket Component
 
rounded down to the nearest round lot as permitted by the Exchange for trading 
purposes, in which case the Issuer will also pay, in addition, a Cash Residual 
Amount. 
3.31. 
Booster Redemption (4)  
(a) 
If the applicable Issue Terms specify "Booster Redemption (4)" to be applicable and Physical 
Settlement is specified as not applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, unless previously redeemed 
or cancelled, such Securities shall be redeemed on the Maturity Date at their Final Redemption 
Amount being an amount per Calculation Amount determined by the Determination Agent: 
(i) 
if "Capital Protection" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Max[[[Calculation Amount × Specified Rate] − Final Downside Amount + Final Upside Amount
+ Final Digital Amount], Calculation Amount x Applicable Floor];  or 
(ii) 
if "Capital Protection" is specified as not applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount − Final Downside Amount + Final Upside Amount + Final Digital Amount 
where: 
"Final Digital Amount" means: (i) if "Final Digital Amount" is specified as not applicable 
in the applicable Issue Terms, zero; and (ii) if "Final Digital Amount" is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount determined by the Determination 
Agent in accordance with the following: 
(A) 
if, on the Determination Date, the Determination Agent determines that the 
Performance is equal to or greater than the Digital Barrier Value, an amount 
determined in accordance with the following formula; 
Calculation Amount × Bonus Rate 
(B) 
if, on the Determination Date, the Determination Agent determines that the 
Performance is less than the Digital Barrier Value, zero. 
"Final Downside Amount" means: (i) if "Final Downside Amount" is specified as not 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, zero; and (ii) if "Final Downside Amount" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount determined by the 
Determination Agent in accordance with the following formula:  
Calculation Amount 
× Min [Max Loss Rate, Downside Gearing Rate x Max [0, Put Strike
− Performance]] 
"Final Upside Amount" means: (i) if "Final Upside Amount" is specified as not applicable 
in the applicable Issue Terms, zero; and (ii) if "Final Upside Amount" is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount determined by the Determination 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Participation Rate ×  Relevant Performance 
"Relevant Performance" means: 
(A) 
if "Performance Cap Basis" is specified as not applicable in the applicable Issuer 
Terms, a percentage determined in accordance with the following formula: 
Max[0, (Performance −Call Strike)]; or

--- Page 352 ---
Terms and Conditions of Securities 
Part 2: Additional Terms and Conditions 
Section 2 
Interest and Redemption Terms 
 
 
352 
 
(B) 
if "Performance Cap Basis" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issuer Terms, 
a percentage determined in accordance with the following formula: 
Min[Performance Cap, Max[0, (Performance −Call Strike)]]; and 
 
(b) 
if the applicable Issue Terms specify "Booster Redemption (4)" to be applicable and Physical 
Settlement is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms:  
(i) 
if the Determination Agent determines that the Knock-in Value as of, as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, (i) the Determination Date, (ii) each Final Redemption Observation 
Date, if any, specified in respect of the Determination Date, or (iii) at any time during the 
Barrier Observation Period, if any, specified in respect of the Determination Date is (A) 
greater than, (B) greater than or equal to, (C) less than or (D) less than or equal to, as 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the Final Redemption Barrier Value, unless 
previously redeemed or cancelled, such Securities shall be redeemed on the Maturity Date 
at their Final Redemption Amount being an amount per Calculation Amount determined 
by the Determination Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Final Upside Amount + Final Downside Amount 
where: 
"Final Upside Amount" means: (i) if "Final Upside Amount" is specified as not applicable 
in the applicable Issue Terms, zero; and (ii) if "Final Upside Amount" is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount determined by the Determination 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
 
Calculation Amount × Participation Rate ×  Relevant Performance 
"Relevant Performance" means: 
(A) 
if "Performance Cap Basis" is specified as not applicable in the applicable Issuer 
Terms, a percentage determined in accordance with the following formula: 
Max[0, (Performance −Call Strike)]; or 
(B) 
if "Performance Cap Basis" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issuer Terms, 
a percentage determined in accordance with the following formula: 
Min[Performance Cap, Max[0, (Performance −Call Strike)]]; and 
"Final Downside Amount" means an amount determined by the Determination Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount ×  100%; or 
(ii) 
if (i) does not apply, unless previously redeemed or cancelled, such Securities shall be 
redeemed by (A) payment on the Maturity Date of the Final Redemption Amount, being an 
amount per Calculation Amount equal to the Final Upside Amount; and (B) delivery of the 
Physical Delivery Amount (including, for the avoidance of doubt, payment of any Cash 
Residual Amount, if applicable) in accordance with Condition 19 (Physical Settlement), 
where:  
"Final Upside Amount" means: (i) if "Final Upside Amount" is specified as not applicable 
in the applicable Issue Terms, zero; and (ii) if "Final Upside Amount" is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount determined by the Determination 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
 
Calculation Amount × Participation Rate ×  Relevant Performance 
"Relevant Performance" means:

--- Page 353 ---
Terms and Conditions of Securities 
Part 2: Additional Terms and Conditions 
Section 2 
Interest and Redemption Terms 
 
 
353 
 
(A) 
if "Performance Cap Basis" is specified as not applicable in the applicable Issuer 
Terms, a percentage determined in accordance with the following formula: 
Max[0, (Performance −Call Strike)]; or 
(B) 
if "Performance Cap Basis" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issuer Terms, 
a percentage determined in accordance with the following formula: 
Min[Performance Cap, Max[0, (Performance −Call Strike)]]; and 
"Physical Delivery Amount" means: 
(A) 
if "Basic Performance-Linked Redemption" is applicable as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the amount of Underlying Securities determined by the 
Determination Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Physical Delivery Amount = ∑Physical Delivery Amounti
n
i=1
 
"n" being equal to 1 (where the Securities are linked to a Single Underlying) or the 
number of Basket Components comprising the Basket (where the Securities are 
linked to a Basket), and where the Determination Agent shall determine "Physical 
Delivery Amounti" in accordance with the following formula: 
Physical Delivery Amounti=  
1
n   × Securityholder Par Value × Applicable Initial Reference Value × Physical Delivery FX Rate
Initial Reference Valuei
 
rounded down to the nearest whole round lot as permitted by the Exchange for 
trading purposes. 
If any Physical Delivery Amounti is rounded down to the nearest whole lot as 
permitted by the Exchange for trading purposes, the Issuer will also pay (in respect 
of all Physical Delivery Amountsi) an aggregate amount equal to the Cash Residual 
Amount in respect of the Security; or 
(B) 
if "Worst-of Basket Performance-Linked Redemption" is applicable as specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, the amount of the Worst Performing Basket 
Component determined by the Determination Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Physical Delivery Amount = 
Securityholder Par Value × Applicable Initial Reference Value × Physical Delivery FX Rate
Initial Reference Value of the Worst Performing Basket Component
 
rounded down to the nearest round lot as permitted by the Exchange for trading 
purposes, in which case the Issuer will also pay, in addition, a Cash Residual 
Amount. 
3.32 
Booster Redemption (5)  
If the applicable Issue Terms specify "Booster Redemption (5)" to be applicable, unless 
previously redeemed or cancelled, such Securities shall be redeemed on the Maturity Date at their 
Final Redemption Amount being an amount per Calculation Amount determined by the 
Determination Agent: 
(i) 
if the applicable Issue Terms specify "Booster Redemption (5)(i)" to be applicable, in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount − Final Downside Amount + Final Upside Amount ; or

--- Page 354 ---
Terms and Conditions of Securities 
Part 2: Additional Terms and Conditions 
Section 2 
Interest and Redemption Terms 
 
 
354 
 
(ii) 
if the applicable Issue Terms specify "Booster Redemption (5)(ii)" to be applicable, in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount ×  Final Upside Amount 
 
where: 
"Downside Final Redemption Barrier Value" means (a) the value specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms (which may be expressed as a single value or as a specified percentage of 
the Initial Reference Value), provided that if no such value is specified, the relevant value shall be 
equal to 100 per cent. of the Initial Reference Value or (b) the value specified in respect of each 
Basket Component in the applicable Issue Terms (which may be expressed as a single value or as 
a specified percentage of the Initial Reference Value of such Basket Component), provided that if 
no such percentage is specified, the relevant value shall be equal to 100 per cent. of the Initial 
Reference Value of such Basket Component; 
"Final Downside Amount" means an amount determined by the Determination Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
 
(i) 
if the applicable Issue Terms specify "Downside Barrier Feature" to be applicable:  
(A) 
if the Determination Agent determines that the Knock-in Value as of, as specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, (x) the Determination Date, (y) each Final 
Redemption Observation Date, if any, specified in respect of the Determination 
Date, or (z) at any time during the Barrier Observation Period, if any, specified in 
respect of the Determination Date is (I) greater than, (II) greater than or equal to, 
(III) less than or (IV) less than or equal to, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
the Downside Final Redemption Barrier Value and: 
 
(1) 
if "Basic Performance-Linked Redemption (1)" is applicable as specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms: 
Calculation Amount × Downside Gearing Rate ×  Max [0, Put Strike −
 
Final Reference Value
Applicable Initial Reference Value]; or 
(2) 
if "Worst-of Basket Performance-Linked Redemption (1)" is applicable 
as specified in the applicable Issue Terms: 
Calculation Amount × Downside Gearing Rate ×  Max [0, Put Strike −
 
Final Reference Value of Worst Performing Basket Component
Applicable Initial Reference Value of Worst Performing Basket Component] ; or  
 
(3) 
if "Basket Performance-Linked Redemption (1)" is applicable as specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms  
Calculation Amount × Downside Gearing Rate x Max [0, Put Strike −
 Relevant Underlying Peformance]; or 
 
(4) 
if "Basic Performance-Linked Redemption (2)" is applicable as specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms: 
Calculation Amount × Relevant Underlying Performance; or 
(5) 
if "Worst-of Basket Performance-Linked Redemption (2)" is applicable 
as specified in the applicable Issue Terms:

--- Page 355 ---
Terms and Conditions of Securities 
Part 2: Additional Terms and Conditions 
Section 2 
Interest and Redemption Terms 
 
 
355 
 
Calculation Amount × [Put Strike −
 
Final Reference Value of Worst Performing Basket Component
Applicable Initial Reference Value of Worst Performing Basket Component]; or 
 
(6) 
if "Basket Performance-Linked Redemption (2)" is applicable as specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms  
Calculation Amount × [Put Strike − Relevant Underlying Peformance]; or 
 
(B) 
if (A) does not apply: 
 
Calculation Amount × Downside Multiplier 
 
where "Downside Multiplier" means (i) the value (which may be zero) specified as 
such in the applicable Issuer Terms, or (ii) if "Downside Multiplier" is specified as 
not applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, zero. 
 
(ii) 
if the applicable Issue Terms specify "Downside Barrier Feature" to be not applicable: 
(A) 
if "Basic Performance-Linked Redemption" is applicable as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms: 
Calculation Amount × Downside Gearing Rate ×  Max [0, Put Strike −
 
Final Reference Value
Applicable Initial Reference Value]; or 
(B) 
if "Worst-of Basket Performance-Linked Redemption" is applicable as specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms: 
Calculation Amount × Downside Gearing Rate 
×  Max [0, Put Strike
− 
Final Reference Value of Worst Performing Basket Component
Applicable Initial Reference Value of Worst Performing Basket Component] 
 
(C) 
if "Basket Performance-Linked Redemption" is applicable as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms: 
Calculation Amount × Downside Gearing Rate x Max [0, Put Strike −
 Relevant Underlying Peformance]; or 
"Final Upside Amount" means an amount determined by the Determination Agent in accordance 
with the following formula: 
 
(i) 
if the applicable Issue Terms specify "Upside Barrier Feature" to be applicable: 
(A) 
if the Determination Agent determines that the Knock-in Value as of, as specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, (x) the Determination Date, (y) each Final 
Redemption Observation Date, if any, specified in respect of the Determination 
Date, or (z) at any time during the Barrier Observation Period, if any, specified in 
respect of the Determination Date is (I) greater than, (II) greater than or equal to, 
(III) less than or (IV) less than or equal to, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
the Upside Final Redemption Barrier Value and: 
(1) 
if "Basic Performance-Linked Redemption" is applicable as specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms: 
Calculation Amount ×  Participation Rate × [
Final Reference Value
Applicable Initial Reference Value −Call Strike] ;  𝑜𝑟

--- Page 356 ---
Terms and Conditions of Securities 
Part 2: Additional Terms and Conditions 
Section 2 
Interest and Redemption Terms 
 
 
356 
 
(2) 
if "Worst-of Basket Performance-Linked Redemption" is applicable as 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms: 
Calculation Amount × Participation Rate ×
 [
Final Reference Value of Worst Performing Basket Component
Applicable Initial Reference Value of Worst Performing Basket Component −Call Strike]; or 
(3) 
if "Basket Performance-Linked Redemption" is applicable as specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms: 
Calculation Amount × Participation Rate × [Relevant Underlying Performance −Call Strike] 
(B) 
if (A) does not apply, 
 
Calculation Amount × Upside Multiplier 
 
where "Upside Multiplier" means (i) the value (which may be zero) specified as 
such in the applicable Issuer Terms, or (ii) if "Upside Multiplier" is specified as not 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, zero. 
 
(ii) 
if the applicable Issue Terms specify "Upside Barrier Feature" to be not applicable: 
(1) 
if "Basic Performance-Linked Redemption" is applicable as specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms: 
Calculation Amount ×  Participation Rate 
× [
Final Reference Value
Applicable Initial Reference Value −Call Strike] ;  𝑜𝑟 
(2) 
if "Worst-of Basket Performance-Linked Redemption" is applicable as 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms: 
Calculation Amount × Participation Rate ×
 [
Final Reference Value of Worst Performing Basket Component
Applicable Initial Reference Value of Worst Performing Basket Component −Call Strike]; or 
(3) 
if "Basket Performance-Linked Redemption" is applicable as specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms: 
Calculation Amount × Participation Rate 
× [Relevant Underlying Performance −Call Strike] 
(4) 
if "Basic Call Spread Performance-Linked Redemption" is applicable as 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms: 
Calculation Amount ×  Min [Relevant Underlying Performance −Lower Strike,
Applicable Cap];  𝑜𝑟 
(5) 
if "Worst-of Basket Call Spread Performance-Linked Redemption" is 
applicable as specified in the applicable Issue Terms: 
Calculation Amount 
×  Max [Final Reference Value of Worst Performing Basket Component
−Lower Strike,
Applicable Cap];  𝑜𝑟 
(6) 
if "Basket Call Spread Performance-Linked Redemption" is applicable 
as specified in the applicable Issue Terms: 
Calculation Amount 
×  Max [Relevant Underlying Performance
−Lower Strike,
Applicable Cap]

--- Page 357 ---
Terms and Conditions of Securities 
Part 2: Additional Terms and Conditions 
Section 2 
Interest and Redemption Terms 
 
 
357 
 
 
"Upside Final Redemption Barrier Value" means (a) the value specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms (which may be expressed as a single value or as a specified percentage of 
the Initial Reference Value), provided that if no such value is specified, the relevant value shall be 
equal to 100 per cent. of the Initial Reference Value or (b) the value specified in respect of each 
Basket Component in the applicable Issue Terms (which may be expressed as a single value or as 
a specified percentage of the Initial Reference Value of such Basket Component), provided that if 
no such percentage is specified, the relevant value shall be equal to 100 per cent. of the Initial 
Reference Value of such Basket Component. 
3.33.      Hybrid Exposure 
If the applicable Issue Terms specify "Hybrid Exposure" to be applicable, unless previously 
redeemed or cancelled, such Securities shall be redeemed on the Maturity Date at their Final 
Redemption Amount being an amount per Calculation Amount: 
(a) 
if the Determination Agent determines that the Knock-in Value as of, as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, (x) the Determination Date, (y) each Final Redemption 
Observation Date, if any, specified in respect of the Determination Date, or (z) at any 
time during the Barrier Observation Period, if any, specified in respect of the 
Determination Date is (I) greater than, (II) greater than or equal to, (III) less than or (IV) 
less than or equal to, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the Final Redemption 
Barrier Value 1, determined by the Determination Agent in accordance with the following 
formula:  
Calculation Amount × 100 % 
(b) 
if (a) does not apply and the Determination Agent determines that the Worst Basket 
Component Performance as of, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, (x) the 
Determination Date, (y) each Final Redemption Observation Date, if any, specified in 
respect of the Determination Date, or (z) at any time during the Barrier Observation 
Period, if any, specified in respect of the Determination Date is (I) greater than, (II) 
greater than or equal to, (III) less than or (IV) less than or equal to, as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the Final Redemption Barrier Value 2 in respect of the Worst 
Performing Basket Component and:  
(i) 
if Physical Settlement is specified as not applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms, determined by the Determination Agent in accordance with the following 
formula:  
Calculation Amount × Worst Basket Component Performance 
(ii) 
if Physical Settlement is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, 
the amount of the Worst Performing Basket Component determined by the 
Determination Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Physical Delivery Amount = 
Securityholder Par Value × Physical Delivery FX Rate
Applicable Initial Reference Value of Worst Performing Basket Component 
rounded down to the nearest round lot as permitted by the Exchange for trading 
purposes, in which case the Issuer will also pay, in addition, a Cash Residual 
Amount; or 
(c) 
if neither (a) nor (b) applies, equal to zero. 
 
3.34.      Plateau Booster Redemption (1) 
If the applicable Issue Terms specify "Plateau Booster Redemption (1)" to be applicable to the 
Securities, unless previously redeemed or cancelled, such Securities shall be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at their Final Redemption Amount being an amount per Calculation Amount 
determined by the Determination Agent in accordance with the following formula:

--- Page 358 ---
Terms and Conditions of Securities 
Part 2: Additional Terms and Conditions 
Section 2 
Interest and Redemption Terms 
 
 
358 
 
Calculation Amount −Final Downside Amount + Final Upside Amount 
where: 
"Final Downside Amount" means an amount calculated as follows: 
(i) 
if on the Determination Date, the Knock-in Value is equal to or greater than the Final 
Redemption Barrier Value, zero; or 
(ii) 
if on the Determination Date, the Knock-in Value is less than the Final Redemption Barrier 
Value: 
 
(a) 
if "Final Downside Amount 1" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms: 
 
Calculation Amount × [1 −Downside Performance
Geared Put Strike
] 
(b) 
if "Final Downside Amount 2" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms: 
 
Calculation Amount × [1 −Downside Performance] 
 
“Final Upside Amount” means an amount calculated as follows: 
[CA × Participation Rate
× Min [Specified Percentage (Final Upside Amount), Max (0%, Upside Performance)]]
+ [CA
× Max [0%,Upside Performance
−(Participation Rate × Specified Percentage (Final Upside Amount))]] 
"Downside Performance" means: 
(i) 
if the Securities are linked to the performance of a Basket and "Best Performance" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the Best Basket Component 
Performance; 
(ii) 
if the Securities are linked to the performance of a Basket and "Worst Performance" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the Worst Basket Component 
Performance; 
(iii) 
if the Securities are linked to the performance of a Basket and "Relevant Underlying 
Performance" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms for the purposes of 
determining the Barrier Performance, the Relevant Underlying Performance; or  
(iv) 
if the Securities are not linked to the performance of a Basket, an amount determined by 
the Determination Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Final Reference Value
Applicable Initial Reference Value 
"Upside Performance" means: 
(i) 
if the Securities are linked to the performance of a Basket and "Best Performance" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount determined by the 
Determination Agent in accordance with the following formula; 
Final Average Value −Initial Reference Value of Best Performing Basket Component
 Initial Reference Value of Best Performing Basket Component

--- Page 359 ---
Terms and Conditions of Securities 
Part 2: Additional Terms and Conditions 
Section 2 
Interest and Redemption Terms 
 
 
359 
 
(ii) 
if the Securities are linked to the performance of a Basket and "Worst Performance" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount determined by the 
Determination Agent in accordance with the following formula; 
Final Average Value −Initial Reference Value of Worst Performing Basket Component
Initial Reference Value of Worst Performing Basket Component
 
 
(iii) 
if the Securities are linked to the performance of a Basket and "Relevant Underlying 
Performance" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms for the purposes 
of determining the Upside Performance, the Relevant Underlying Average 
Performance; or  
(iv) 
if the Securities are not linked to the performance of a Basket, an amount determined 
by the Determination Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Final Average Value −Initial Reference Value
 Initial Reference Value
 
 
 
"Best Basket Component Performance" means an amount determined by the Determination Agent 
in accordance with the following formula: 
 
Final Reference Value (Final Redemption) of Best Performing Basket Component
Applicable Initial Reference Value of Best Performing Basket Component
 
 
"Worst Basket Component Performance" means an amount determined by the Determination 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
 
Final Reference Value (Final Redemption) of Worst Performing Basket Component
Applicable Initial Reference Value of Worst Performing Basket Component
 
 
"Final Average Value" means the arithmetic mean of the Relevant Underlying Value of: 
(i) 
if the Securities are not linked to the performance of a Basket, the Relevant Underlying 
on each of the Averaging Dates; 
(ii) 
if the Securities are linked to the performance of a Basket and "Worst Performance" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the Worst Performing Basket 
Component  on each of the Averaging Dates; 
(iii) 
if the Securities are linked to the performance of a Basket and "Best Performance" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the Best Performing Basket 
Component on each of the Averaging Dates; or 
(iv) 
if the Securities are linked to the performance of a Basket and (ii) or (iii) above does 
not apply, in respect of each Relevant Underlying, such Relevant Underlying on each 
of the Averaging Dates; 
"Relevant Underlying Average Performance" means:  
(i) 
if "Simple Average" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, an 
amount determined by the Determination Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
∑1
𝑛 × (
Final Average Value𝑖
Applicable Initial Reference Value𝑖)
𝑛
𝑖=1

--- Page 360 ---
Terms and Conditions of Securities 
Part 2: Additional Terms and Conditions 
Section 2 
Interest and Redemption Terms 
 
 
360 
 
where: 
"i" is a series of numbers from one to n, each representing a Basket Component; and 
"n" means the number of Basket Components in the Basket; or 
(ii) 
if "Weighted Average" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, an 
amount determined by the Determination Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
∑𝑊𝑖 × (
Final Average Value𝑖
Applicable Initial Reference Value𝑖)
𝑛
𝑖=1
 
where: 
"i" is a series of numbers from one to n, each representing a Basket Component;  
"n" means the number of Basket Components in the Basket; and 
“Wi” or “Relevant Weighting” means, for any Basket Component, the value specified 
as the Weighting for such Basket Component in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"CA" means the Calculation Amount. 
“Geared Put Strike” means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
3.35.    Plateau Booster Redemption (2) 
 
If the applicable Issue Terms specify “Plateau Booster Redemption (2)” to be applicable to the 
Securities, unless previously redeemed or cancelled, such Securities shall be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at their Final Redemption Amount being an amount per Calculation Amount: 
(a) if the Determination Agent determines that the Knock-in Value as of the Determination Date 
is greater than or equal to the Final Redemption Barrier Value, determined by the 
Determination Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
CA + [CA × Participation Rate ×
Min [Specified Percentage (Plateau Booster Redemption 2), Max (0%, Upside Performance)]] +
[CA × Max [0%, Upside Performance −(Participation Rate ×
Specified Percentage (Plateau Booster Redemption 2))]] ; or 
(b) if the Determination Agent determines that the Knock-in Value as of the Determination Date 
is less than the Final Redemption Barrier Value, determined by the Determination Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Downside Performance 
 
where: 
“Downside Performance” means: 
(i) 
if the Securities are linked to the performance of a Basket and "Best Performance" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the Best Basket Component 
Performance; 
if the Securities are linked to the performance of a Basket and "Worst Performance" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the Worst Basket Component 
Performance; 
(ii) 
if the Securities are linked to the performance of a Basket and "Relevant Underlying 
Performance" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms for the purposes of 
determining the Barrier Performance, the Relevant Underlying Performance; or

--- Page 361 ---
Terms and Conditions of Securities 
Part 2: Additional Terms and Conditions 
Section 2 
Interest and Redemption Terms 
 
 
361 
 
(iii) 
if the Securities are not linked to the performance of a Basket, an amount determined by 
the Determination Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Final Reference Value
Applicable Initial Reference Value 
 
“Upside Performance” means: 
(i) 
if the Securities are linked to the performance of a Basket and "Best Performance" 
is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount determined by 
the Determination Agent in accordance with the following formula; 
Final Average Value −Initial Reference Value of Best Performing Basket Component
 Initial Reference Value of Best Performing Basket Component
 
 
(ii) 
if the Securities are linked to the performance of a Basket and "Worst Performance" 
is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount determined by 
the Determination Agent in accordance with the following formula; 
Final Average Value −Initial Reference Value of Worst Performing Basket Component
Initial Reference Value of Worst Performing Basket Component
 
 
(iii) 
if the Securities are linked to the performance of a Basket and "Relevant 
Underlying Performance" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms 
for the purposes of determining the Upside Performance, the Relevant Underlying 
Average Performance; or  
(iv) 
if the Securities are not linked to the performance of a Basket, an amount 
determined by the Determination Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Final Average Value −Initial Reference Value
 Initial Reference Value
 
 
 
"Best Basket Component Performance" means an amount determined by the Determination Agent 
in accordance with the following formula: 
 
Final Reference Value (Final Redemption) of Best Performing Basket Component
Applicable Initial Reference Value of Best Performing Basket Component
 
 
"Worst Basket Component Performance" means an amount determined by the Determination 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
 
Final Reference Value (Final Redemption) of Worst Performing Basket Component
Applicable Initial Reference Value of Worst Performing Basket Component
 
 
“Final Average Value” means the arithmetic mean of the Relevant Underlying Value of: 
(i) 
if the Securities are not linked to the performance of a Basket, the Relevant Underlying on 
each of the Averaging Dates; 
(ii) 
if the Securities are linked to the performance of a Basket and "Worst Performance" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the Worst Performing Basket 
Component  on each of the Averaging Dates;

--- Page 362 ---
Terms and Conditions of Securities 
Part 2: Additional Terms and Conditions 
Section 2 
Interest and Redemption Terms 
 
 
362 
 
(iii) 
if the Securities are linked to the performance of a Basket and "Best Performance" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the Best Performing Basket 
Component on each of the Averaging Dates; or 
(iv) 
if the Securities are linked to the performance of a Basket and (ii) or (iii) above does not 
apply, in respect of each Relevant Underlying, such Relevant Underlying on each of the 
Averaging Dates; 
“Relevant Underlying Average Performance” means:  
(i) 
if “Simple Average” is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, an 
amount determined by the Determination Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
∑1
𝑛 × (
Final Average Value𝑖
Applicable Initial Reference Value𝑖)
𝑛
𝑖=1
 
where: 
"i" is a series of numbers from one to n, each representing a Basket Component; 
and 
"n" means the number of Basket Components in the Basket; or 
(ii) 
if “Weighted Average” is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, an 
amount determined by the Determination Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
∑𝑊𝑖 × (
Final Average Value𝑖
Applicable Initial Reference Value𝑖)
𝑛
𝑖=1
 
where: 
"i" is a series of numbers from one to n, each representing a Basket Component;  
"n" means the number of Basket Components in the Basket; and 
“Wi” or “Relevant Weighting” means, for any Basket Component, the value specified 
as the Weighting for such Basket Component in the applicable Issue Terms; 
“CA” means the Calculation Amount. 
3.36 
MXN Denominated UDI Linked Redemption 
 
If the applicable Issue Terms specify "MXN Denominated UDI Linked Redemption" to be 
applicable, unless previously redeemed or cancelled, such Securities shall be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at their Final Redemption Amount being an amount per Calculation Amount 
determined by the Determination Agent in accordance with the following formula (provided that 
if the value determined by the Determination Agent in accordance with such formula is a negative 
number, the Final Redemption Amount in respect of the Securities shall be zero): 
Calculation Amount × [Specified Rate + (Participation Rate ×(UDIFinal
UDIInitial
 -1))] 
and further provided that if the applicable Issue Terms specify: 
(i) 
a Redemption Cap, the amount calculated in accordance with the above formula shall not 
exceed the Redemption Cap; or 
(ii) 
a Redemption Floor, the amount calculated in accordance with the above formula shall not 
be less than the Redemption Floor; or

--- Page 363 ---
Terms and Conditions of Securities 
Part 2: Additional Terms and Conditions 
Section 2 
Interest and Redemption Terms 
 
 
363 
 
(iii) 
a Redemption Cap and a Redemption Floor, the amount calculated in accordance with the 
above formula shall not exceed the Redemption Cap and shall not be less than the 
Redemption Floor. 
3.37 
  UDI Final Linked Redemption 
 
If the applicable Issue Terms specify "UDI Final Linked Redemption" to be applicable, unless 
previously redeemed or cancelled, such Securities shall be redeemed on the Maturity Date at their 
Final Redemption Amount being an amount per Calculation Amount determined by the 
Determination Agent in accordance with the following formula (provided that if the value 
determined by the Determination Agent in accordance with such formula is a negative number, 
the Final Redemption Amount in respect of the Securities shall be zero): 
 
Calculation Amount × Specified Rate × UDIFinal  
 
and further provided that if the applicable Issue Terms specify: 
(i) 
a Redemption Cap, the amount calculated in accordance with the above formula shall not 
exceed the Redemption Cap; or 
(ii) 
a Redemption Floor, the amount calculated in accordance with the above formula shall not 
be less than the Redemption Floor; or 
(iii) 
a Redemption Cap and a Redemption Floor, the amount calculated in accordance with the 
above formula shall not exceed the Redemption Cap and shall not be less than the 
Redemption Floor.

--- Page 364 ---
Terms and Conditions of Securities 
Part 2: Additional Terms and Conditions 
Section 2 
Interest and Redemption Terms 
 
 
364 
 
 
Sub-Section IV 
Definitions 
In this Section 2 (Interest and Redemption Terms): 
"Additional Rate" means, in respect of any Interest Payment Date, the percentage rate specified as such in 
the applicable Issue Terms; 
"Aggregate Coupon Amount" means the sum of: 
(i) 
all Interest Amounts paid in respect of a Security on each Interest Payment Date falling prior to the 
Maturity Date (expressed as a percentage of the Calculation Amount of such Security),  as 
determined by the Determination Agent; and  
(ii) 
the Interest Amount calculated in respect of a Security for the final Interest Period (expressed as a 
percentage of the Calculation Amount of such Security),  as determined by the Determination Agent; 
"Applicable Cap" means a value determined by the Determination Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Applicable Cap = Upper Strike −Lower Strike  
"Applicable Floor" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, provided that, if 
no such percentage is specified, the Applicable Floor shall be equal to 100 per cent;  
"Applicable Initial Reference Value" means a value equal to the product of the Initial Reference Value 
and the Specified Percentage and, if applicable, "Applicable Initial Reference Valuei" means, in respect 
of any Basket Component "i", a value equal to the product of the Initial Reference Value of such Basket 
Component and the Specified Percentage; 
"Applicable Multiplier" means the value specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"Applicable Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"Autocall Barrier Value" means, in respect of an Automatic Early Redemption Determination Date, the 
value specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms (which may be expressed as a single value or as a 
specified percentage of the Initial Reference Value); 
"Automatic Early Redemption Date" means each date specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"Automatic Early Redemption Determination Date" means each date specified as such in the applicable 
Issue Terms, provided that, in the case of Equity-Linked Securities, Fund-Linked Securities and Futures 
Contract-Linked Securities (i) if any such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day or a Fund Business Day (as 
applicable), the relevant Automatic Early Redemption Determination Date shall (A) in the case of Equity-
Linked Securities or Futures Contract-Linked Securities, be the next succeeding Scheduled Trading Day 
or, if either "Common Scheduled Trading Days and Common Disrupted Days" or "Common Scheduled 
Trading Days and Individual Disrupted Days" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the 
next succeeding Common Scheduled Trading Day; or (B) in the case of Fund-Linked Securities, be the next 
succeeding Fund Business Day or, if either "Common Fund Business Days and Common Disrupted Days" 
or "Common Fund Business Days and Individual Disrupted Days" is specified to be applicable in the 
relevant Issue Terms, the next succeeding Common Fund Business Day, and (ii) if any Automatic Early 
Redemption Determination Date is a Disrupted Day, the provisions of, as applicable, Condition 9.1 (Market 
Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging Dates), Condition 13.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates 
and Averaging Dates) or Condition 15.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging Dates) shall 
apply mutatis mutandis as if such Automatic Early Redemption Determination Date were a Reference Date, 
and otherwise subject to adjustment in accordance with the Conditions;  
"Automatic Early Redemption Rate" means, in respect of an Automatic Early Redemption Date, the rate 
specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"Automatic Partial Redemption Amount" means the amount determined by the Determination Agent 
pursuant to Paragraph 2.7 (Mixto Automatic Partial Redemption) of this Section 2 (Interest and Redemption 
Terms);

--- Page 365 ---
Terms and Conditions of Securities 
Part 2: Additional Terms and Conditions 
Section 2 
Interest and Redemption Terms 
 
 
365 
 
"Automatic Partial Redemption Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"Automatic Partial Redemption Rate" means the value (expressed as a percentage) specified as such in 
the applicable Issue Terms; 
"Average Basket Performance" means an amount determined by the Determination Agent in accordance 
with the following formula: 
∑1
𝑛 × (Final Reference Value (Final Redemption)𝑖
Applicable Initial Reference Value𝑖
)
𝑛
𝑖=1
 
where: 
"i" is a series of numbers from one to n, each representing a Basket Component; and 
"n" means the number of Basket Components in the Basket; 
"Barrier" means the value (expressed as a percentage) specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"Barrier Observation Dates" means, in respect of any Interest Determination Date or Automatic Early 
Redemption Determination Date, the dates specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms (and may also 
be expressed as being each Scheduled Trading Day within specified dates), provided that, (i) if any such 
date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the relevant Barrier Observation Date shall (A) in relation to any 
Commodity-Linked Securities, fall on the next succeeding Scheduled Trading Day; (B) in the case of 
Equity-Linked Securities or Futures Contract-Linked Securities, be the next succeeding Scheduled Trading 
Day or, if either "Common Scheduled Trading Days and Common Disrupted Days" or "Common Scheduled 
Trading Days and Individual Disrupted Days" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the 
next succeeding Common Scheduled Trading Day; or (C) in the case of Fund-Linked Securities, be the next 
succeeding Fund Business Day or, if either "Common Fund Business Days and Common Disrupted Days" 
or "Common Fund Business Days and Individual Disrupted Days" is specified to be applicable in the 
relevant Issue Terms, the next succeeding Common Fund Business Day, and (ii) if any Barrier Observation 
Date is (x) in the case of Equity-Linked Securities, Fund-Linked Securities or Futures Contract-Linked 
Securities, a Disrupted Day, the provisions of Condition 9.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates and 
Averaging Dates), Condition 13.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging Dates) or Condition 
15.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging Dates) (as the case may be) shall apply mutatis 
mutandis as if such Barrier Observation Date were a Reference Date; (y) in the case of Commodity-Linked 
Securities, a day on which there has been a correction to a previously published or announced price in 
accordance with Condition 10.1 (Corrections to Published Prices) or a day on which a Commodity 
Disruption Event or a Commodity Index Disruption Event (as the case may be) has occurred or is 
continuing, such Barrier Observation Date shall be subject to adjustment in accordance with Condition 10 
(Provisions Relating to Commodity-Linked Securities) as if such date were a Pricing Date or a Common 
Pricing Date (as applicable); or (z) in the case of Inflation-Linked Securities, a day on which a relevant 
Inflation Index is not published or otherwise, a day on which the level of a relevant Inflation Index cannot 
be determined in accordance with Condition 12 (Provisions Relating to Inflation-Linked Securities), such 
Barrier Observation Date shall be subject to adjustment in accordance with the provisions of such Condition 
12 (Provisions Relating to Inflation-Linked Securities); 
"Barrier Observation Period" means, in respect of any Interest Determination Date, any Automatic Early 
Redemption Determination Date or the Determination Date, as applicable, a period specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms, expressed as either (i) beginning from (and including) the Barrier Observation 
Period Start Date and ending on and excluding the Barrier Observation Period End Date, or (ii) being the 
Barrier Observation Period Date, provided that, (i) if any such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the 
relevant date shall (A) in relation to any Commodity-Linked Securities, fall on the next succeeding 
Scheduled Trading Day; (B) in the case of Equity-Linked Securities or Futures Contract-Linked Securities, 
be the next succeeding Scheduled Trading Day or, if either "Common Scheduled Trading Days and 
Common Disrupted Days" or "Common Scheduled Trading Days and Individual Disrupted Days" is 
specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the next succeeding Common Scheduled Trading 
Days; or (C) in the case of Fund-Linked Securities, be the next succeeding Fund Business Day or, if either 
"Common Fund Business Days and Common Disrupted Days" or "Common Fund Business Days and 
Individual Disrupted Days" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the next succeeding 
Common Fund Business Day, and (ii) if any such date is (x) in the case of Equity-Linked Securities, Fund-
Linked Securities or Futures Contract-Linked Securities, a Disrupted Day, the provisions of Condition 9.1

--- Page 366 ---
Terms and Conditions of Securities 
Part 2: Additional Terms and Conditions 
Section 2 
Interest and Redemption Terms 
 
 
366 
 
(Market Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging Dates), Condition 13.1 (Market Disruption, Reference 
Dates and Averaging Dates) or Condition 15.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging Dates) 
(as the case may be) shall apply mutatis mutandis as if such date were a Reference Date; (y) in the case of 
Commodity-Linked Securities, a day on which there has been a correction to a previously published or 
announced price in accordance with Condition 10.1 (Corrections to Published Prices) or a day on which a 
Commodity Disruption Event or a Commodity Index Disruption Event (as the case may be) has occurred 
or is continuing, such date shall be subject to adjustment in accordance with Condition 10 (Provisions 
Relating to Commodity-Linked Securities) as if such date were a Pricing Date or a Common Pricing Date 
(as applicable); or (z) in the case of Inflation-Linked Securities, a day on which a relevant Inflation Index 
is not published or otherwise, a day on which the level of a relevant Inflation Index cannot be determined 
in accordance with Condition 12 (Provisions Relating to Inflation-Linked Securities), such date shall be 
subject to adjustment in accordance with the provisions of such Condition 12 (Provisions Relating to 
Inflation-Linked Securities); 
"Barrier Observation Period Date" means the Barrier Observation Period Start Date or the Barrier 
Observation Period End Date, as applicable. 
"Barrier Observation Period End Date" means the specified date on which the Barrier Observation 
Period ends. 
"Barrier Observation Period Start Date" means the specified date on which the Barrier Observation 
Period begins.  
"Base Currency" means the currency specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Best Performing Basket Component" means the Basket Component determined by the Determination 
Agent by numbering the Basket Components in order according to the respective values for each Basket 
Component determined by dividing (i) for the purposes of Sub-Section I (Interest) of this Section 2 (Interest 
and Redemption Terms), the Final Reference Value (Coupon) by the Applicable Initial Reference Value, 
(ii) for the purposes of Paragraph 1.24 (Mixto Coupon) of this Section 2 (Interest and Redemption Terms), 
the Final Reference Value (Autocall) for such Basket Component by its Applicable Initial Reference Value, 
and (iii) in all other cases, the Final Reference Value for such Basket Component by its Applicable Initial 
Reference Value, starting with the Basket Component with the highest such value (Basket Component 1) 
and ending with the Basket Component with the lowest such value (and so that, if more than one Basket 
Component has the same value, the order of the relevant Basket Components shall be as determined by the 
Determination Agent) and by selecting the Basket Component with the highest such value (Basket 
Component 1);  
"Bonus Amount" means the amount specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms provided that if Bonus 
Amount is said to be 'Not Applicable' in respect of any determination, Bonus Amount shall be equal to zero 
for such determination. 
"Bonus Rate" means the value (expressed as a percentage) specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"Call Strike" means the value (expressed as a percentage) specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"Cap" means an amount (expressed as a percentage) specified in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"Cash Residual Amount" means: 
(a) 
if "Basic Performance-Linked Redemption" is applicable as specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, an amount determined by the Determination Agent in accordance with the following 
formula ("n" being equal to 1 (where the Securities are linked to a Single Underlying) or the 
number of Basket Components comprising the Basket (where the Securities are linked to a 
Basket)): 
Cash Residual Amount = ∑Cash Residual Amounti
n
i=1
 
 
where: 
"Cash Residual Amounti" means, in respect of any Physical Delivery Amounti, an amount in the 
Specified Currency determined by the Determination Agent in accordance with the following 
formula:

--- Page 367 ---
Terms and Conditions of Securities 
Part 2: Additional Terms and Conditions 
Section 2 
Interest and Redemption Terms 
 
 
367 
 
Fractional Entitlement FRVi × Physical Delivery FX Rate 
"Final Reference Valuei" means, in respect of any Basket Componenti (where the Securities are 
linked to a Basket) or the Relevant Underlying (where the Securities are linked to a Single 
Underlying), the Final Reference Value of such Basket Componenti, or Relevant Underlying, as 
applicable; 
"Fractional Entitlementi" means the excess of (i) the amount of Underlying Securities that would 
have been comprised in the Physical Delivery Amounti but for the application of rounding down 
to the nearest whole round lot as permitted by the Exchange for trading purposes, over (ii) the 
Physical Delivery Amounti (having applied, for the avoidance of doubt, such rounding); and 
"Fractional Entitlement FRVi" means an amount determined by the Determination Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Final Reference Valuei × Fractional Entitlementi 
(b) 
if "Worst-of Basket Performance-Linked Redemption" is applicable as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, an amount determined by the Determination Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Fractional Entitlement FRV(WPBC) × Physical Delivery FX Rate 
where: 
"Fractional Entitlement" means the excess of (i) the amount of the Worst Performing Basket 
Component that would have been comprised in the Physical Delivery Amount but for the 
application of rounding down to the nearest whole round lot as permitted by the Exchange for 
trading purposes, over (ii) the Physical Delivery Amount (having applied, for the avoidance of 
doubt, such rounding); and 
"Fractional Entitlement FRV(WPBC)" means an amount determined by the Determination 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Final Reference Value of the Worst Performing Basket Component × Fractional Entitlement 
"Coupon Barrier Value 1" means, in respect of an Interest Determination Date, the value specified as such 
in the applicable Issue Terms (which may be expressed as a single value or as a specified percentage of the 
Initial Reference Value); 
"Coupon Barrier Value 2" means, in respect of an Interest Determination Date, the value specified as such 
in the applicable Issue Terms (which may be expressed as a single value or as a specified percentage of the 
Initial Reference Value); 
"Coupon Barrier Value" means, and, if applicable, each of "Upper Coupon Barrier Value" and "Lower 
Coupon Barrier Value" means, in respect of an Interest Determination Date, the value specified as such 
in the applicable Issue Terms (which may be expressed as a single value or as a specified percentage of the 
Initial Reference Value);  
"Coupon Rate" means, and, if applicable, each of "Upper Coupon Rate" and "Lower Coupon Rate" 
means, in respect of an Interest Determination Date, the rate (which may be zero) specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms corresponding to such Interest Determination Date;  
"Coupon Ratej" means, and, if applicable, each of "Upper Coupon Rate" and "Lower Coupon Rate" 
means, in respect of each relevant Interest Determination Date, the rate specified as such in the applicable 
Issue Terms; 
"CPIFinal" means the official determination of the Inflation Index published for the Determination Month 
(Final) subject to adjustment in accordance with the provisions of Condition 12 (Provisions Relating to 
Inflation-Linked Securities); 
"CPIInitial" means either of the following as specified in the applicable Issue Terms: (i) the value specified 
as "CPIInitial" in the applicable Issue Terms, or (ii) the Initial Inflation Index Level; 
"CPIm" means, in respect of each Interest Payment Date and each Interest Period ending on (but excluding) 
such Interest Payment Date, the official determination of the Inflation Index published for the

--- Page 368 ---
Terms and Conditions of Securities 
Part 2: Additional Terms and Conditions 
Section 2 
Interest and Redemption Terms 
 
 
368 
 
Determination Month (m) in respect of such Interest Payment Date, subject to adjustment in accordance 
with the provisions of Condition 12 (Provisions Relating to Inflation-Linked Securities); 
"CPIn" means, in respect of each Interest Payment Date and each Interest Period ending on (but excluding) 
such Interest Payment Date, the official determination of the Inflation Index published for the 
Determination Month (n) in respect of such Interest Payment Date, subject to adjustment in accordance 
with the provisions of Condition 12 (Provisions Relating to Inflation-Linked Securities); 
"Currency Business Day" means a day on which commercial banks are open for general business 
(including dealings in foreign exchange in accordance with the market practice of the foreign exchange 
market) in the Principal Financial Centre(s) of the Specified Currency and the Second Currency and (2) 
where one of either the Specified Currency or the Second Currency is euro, a day that is a TARGET 
Settlement Day; 
"Determination Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, provided that, in 
the case of Equity-Linked Securities, Fund-Linked Securities and Futures Contract-Linked Securities (i) if 
any such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day or a Fund Business Day (as applicable), the relevant 
Determination Date shall (A) in the case of Equity-Linked Securities or Futures Contract-Linked Securities, 
be the next succeeding Scheduled Trading Day or, if either "Common Scheduled Trading Days and 
Common Disrupted Days" or "Common Scheduled Trading Days and Individual Disrupted Days" is 
specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the next succeeding Common Scheduled Trading 
Day; or (B) in the case of Fund-Linked Securities, be the next succeeding Fund Business Day or, if either 
"Common Fund Business Days and Common Disrupted Days" or "Common Fund Business Days and 
Individual Disrupted Days" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the next succeeding 
Common Fund Business Day, and (ii) if any Determination Date is a Disrupted Day, the provisions of, as 
applicable, Condition 9.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging Dates), Condition 13.1 
(Market Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging Dates) or Condition 15.1 (Market Disruption, 
Reference Dates and Averaging Dates) shall apply mutatis mutandis as if such Determination Date were a 
Reference Date, and otherwise subject to adjustment in accordance with the Conditions; 
"Determination Month" means, in respect of each Interest Payment Date, the month specified as such in 
the applicable Issue Terms, which may, without limitation, also be expressed as a specified number of 
months before or after, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the relevant Interest Payment Date; 
"Determination Month (Final)" means a calendar month of the year specified as such in the applicable 
Issue Terms, and each Determination Month (Final) shall be a "Reference Month" for the purposes of the 
Conditions; 
"Determination Month (Initial)" means a calendar month of the year specified as such in the applicable 
Issue Terms, and each Determination Month (Initial) shall be a "Reference Month" for the purposes of the 
Conditions; 
"Determination Month (m)" means, any of the following as specified in the applicable Issue Terms: (i) in 
respect of each Interest Payment Date and the Interest Period ending on (but excluding) such Interest 
Payment Date, the calendar month of the year specified in the column headed  "Determination Month (m)" 
of the Determination Month Table in the row corresponding to the date (specified in the column headed  
"Interest Payment Date(s)") on which such Interest Payment Date is scheduled to fall, or (ii) in respect of 
each Interest Period and the Interest Payment Date on which such Interest Period ends (but is not included 
in such Interest Period), a specified number of calendar months before or after (or the same calendar month 
as) the month in which such Interest Payment Date falls, or (iii) in respect of each Interest Period and the 
Scheduled Interest Payment Date on which such Interest Period ends (but is not included in such Interest 
Period), a specified number of calendar months before or after (or the same calendar month as) the month 
in which the Scheduled Interest Payment Date falls. Each Determination Month (m) shall be a "Reference 
Month" for the purposes of the Conditions; 
"Determination Month (n)" means, any of the following as specified in the applicable Issue Terms: (i) in 
respect of each Interest Payment Date and the Interest Period ending on (but excluding) such Interest 
Payment Date, the calendar month of the year specified in the column headed  "Determination Month (n)" 
of the Determination Month Table in the row corresponding to the date (specified in the column headed  
"Interest Payment Date(s)") on which such Interest Payment Date is scheduled to fall, or (ii) in respect of 
each Interest Period and the Interest Payment Date on which such Interest Period ends (but is not included

--- Page 369 ---
Terms and Conditions of Securities 
Part 2: Additional Terms and Conditions 
Section 2 
Interest and Redemption Terms 
 
 
369 
 
in such Interest Period), a specified number of calendar months before or after (or the same calendar month 
as) the month in which such Interest Payment Date falls, or (iii) in respect of each Interest Period and the 
Scheduled Interest Payment Date on which such Interest Period ends (but is not included in such Interest 
Period), a specified number of calendar months before or after (or the same calendar month as) the month 
in which the Scheduled Interest Payment Date falls. Each Determination Month (n) shall be a "Reference 
Month" for the purposes of the Conditions; 
"Determination Month Table" means a table specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, which will 
be in or substantially in the form set out below; 
Determination Month Table 
Interest Payment Date(s) 
Determination Month (n) 
Determination Month (m) 
[insert date] (repeat as 
required) 
[insert calendar month and 
year] (repeat as required) 
[insert calendar month and 
year] (repeat as required) 
"Digital Barrier Value" means the value (expressed as a percentage) specified as such in the applicable 
Issue Terms; 
"Downside Gearing Rate" means the value (expressed as a percentage) specified as such in the applicable 
Issue Terms; 
"Final Redemption Barrier Value" and, if applicable, each of "Final Redemption Barrier Value 1" and 
"Final Redemption Barrier Value 2" means (a) the value specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms 
(which may be expressed as a single value or as a specified percentage of the Initial Reference Value), 
provided that if no such value is specified, the relevant value shall be equal to 100 per cent. of the Initial 
Reference Value or (b) the value specified in respect of each Basket Component in the applicable Issue 
Terms (which may be expressed as a single value or as a specified percentage of the Initial Reference Value 
of such Basket Component), provided that if no such percentage is specified, the relevant value shall be 
equal to 100 per cent. of the Initial Reference Value of such Basket Component; 
"Final Redemption Cap Value" means the value specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, (which 
may be expressed as a percentage) provided that if no such value is specified, the relevant value shall be 
equal to 100 per cent.; 
"Final Redemption Determination Date(s)" means the date(s) specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms (which may include, without limitation, the Determination Date, each Averaging Date or each Final 
Redemption Observation Date), provided that, in the case of Equity-Linked Securities, Fund-Linked 
Securities and Futures Contract-Linked Securities (i) if any such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day or a 
Fund Business Day (as applicable), the relevant Final Redemption Determination Date shall (A) in the case 
of Equity-Linked Securities or Futures Contract-Linked Securities, be the next succeeding Scheduled 
Trading Day or, if either "Common Scheduled Trading Days and Common Disrupted Days" or "Common 
Scheduled Trading Days and Individual Disrupted Days" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, the next succeeding Common Scheduled Trading Day; or (B) in the case of Fund-Linked Securities, 
be the next succeeding Fund Business Day or, if either "Common Fund Business Days and Common 
Disrupted Days" or "Common Fund Business Days and Individual Disrupted Days" is specified to be 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the next succeeding Common Fund Business Day, and (ii) if any 
Final Redemption Determination Date is a Disrupted Day, the provisions of, as applicable, Condition 9.1 
(Market Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging Dates), Condition 13.1 (Market Disruption, Reference 
Dates and Averaging Dates) or Condition 15.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging Dates) 
shall apply mutatis mutandis as if such Final Redemption Determination Date were a Reference Date, and 
otherwise subject to adjustment in accordance with the Conditions; 
"Final Redemption Floor Value" means the value specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, (which 
may be expressed as a percentage) provided that if no such value is specified, the relevant value shall be 
equal to 100 per cent.; 
"Final Redemption Observation Dates" means, in relation to the Determination Date, the dates specified 
as such in the applicable Issue Terms (and may also be expressed as being each Scheduled Trading Day 
within specified dates), provided that, (i) if any such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the relevant 
Final Redemption Observation Date shall (A) in relation to any Commodity-Linked Securities, fall on the

--- Page 370 ---
Terms and Conditions of Securities 
Part 2: Additional Terms and Conditions 
Section 2 
Interest and Redemption Terms 
 
 
370 
 
next succeeding Scheduled Trading Day; (B) in the case of Equity-Linked Securities or Futures Contract-
Linked Securities, be the next succeeding Scheduled Trading Day or, if either "Common Scheduled Trading 
Days and Common Disrupted Days" or "Common Scheduled Trading Days and Individual Disrupted Days" 
is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the next succeeding Common Scheduled Trading 
Day; or (C) in the case of Fund-Linked Securities, be the next succeeding Fund Business Day or, if either 
"Common Fund Business Days and Common Disrupted Days" or "Common Fund Business Days and 
Individual Disrupted Days" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the next succeeding 
Common Fund Business Day, and (ii) if any Final Redemption Observation Date is (x) in the case of Equity-
Linked Securities, Fund-Linked Securities or Futures Contract-Linked Securities, a Disrupted Day, the 
provisions of Condition 9.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging Dates), Condition 13.1 
(Market Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging Dates) or Condition 15.1 (Market Disruption, 
Reference Dates and Averaging Dates) (as the case may be) shall apply mutatis mutandis as if such Final 
Redemption Observation Date were a Reference Date; (y) in the case of Commodity-Linked Securities, a 
day on which there has been a correction to a previously published or announced price in accordance with 
Condition 10.1 (Corrections to Published Prices) or a day on which a Commodity Disruption Event or a 
Commodity Index Disruption Event (as the case may be) has occurred or is continuing, such Final 
Redemption Observation Date shall be subject to adjustment in accordance with Condition 10 (Provisions 
Relating to Commodity-Linked Securities) as if such date were a Pricing Date or a Common Pricing Date 
(as applicable); or (z) in the case of Inflation-Linked Securities, a day on which a relevant Inflation Index 
is not published or otherwise, a day on which the level of a relevant Inflation Index cannot be determined 
in accordance with Condition 12 (Provisions Relating to Inflation-Linked Securities), such Final 
Redemption Observation Date shall be subject to adjustment in accordance with the provisions of such 
Condition 12 (Provisions Relating to Inflation-Linked Securities);  
"Final Redemption Rate" and, if applicable, each of "Final Redemption Rate 1" and "Final Redemption 
Rate 2" means the percentage rate specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"Final Reference Value" means the Relevant Underlying Value as of the Determination Date as 
determined by the Determination Agent in accordance with such provisions of Section 4 (Value 
Determination Terms) as are specified as being applicable in the applicable Issue Terms;  
"Final Reference Value (Autocall)" means the Relevant Underlying Value as of the Automatic Early 
Redemption Determination Date as determined by the Determination Agent in accordance with such 
provisions of Section 4 (Value Determination Terms) as are specified as being applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms;  
"Final Reference Value (Coupon)" means the Relevant Underlying Value as of the relevant Interest 
Determination Date as determined by the Determination Agent in accordance with such provisions of 
Section 4 (Value Determination Terms) as are specified as being applicable in the applicable Issue Terms;  
"Final Reference Value (Final Redemption)" means the Relevant Underlying Value as of the Final 
Redemption Determination Date as determined by the Determination Agent in accordance with such 
provisions of Section 4 (Value Determination Terms) as are specified as being applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms and, if applicable, "Final Reference Value (Final Redemption)i" means, in respect of any 
Basket Component "i", the Final Reference Value (Final Redemption) of such Basket Component; 
"Final UDI Observation Date" means the earlier of: (i) the date specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms; and (ii) the date on which the Securities are redeemed early. 
"Floor" means an amount (expressed as a percentage) specified in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"FXCoupon" means, in respect of each Interest Determination Date, the FX Rate determined by the 
Determination Agent on the Currency Business Day immediately succeeding such Interest Determination 
Date, provided that if FXCoupon is specified as being "Not Applicable" in respect of any determination, 
FXCoupon shall be equal to 1 for such determination; 
"FXFinal" means the FX Rate determined by the Determination Agent on the FXFinal Determination Date, 
provided that if FXFinal is specified as being "Not Applicable" in respect of any determination, FXFinal shall 
be equal to 1 for such determination; 
"FXFinal Determination Date" means the date specified in the applicable Issue Terms.

--- Page 371 ---
Terms and Conditions of Securities 
Part 2: Additional Terms and Conditions 
Section 2 
Interest and Redemption Terms 
 
 
371 
 
"FXFinalOption" means the FX Rate determined by the Determination Agent on the FXFinalOption Determination 
Date, provided that if FXFinalOption is specified as being "Not Applicable" in respect of any determination, 
FXFinalOption shall be equal to 1 for such determination; 
"FXFinalOption Determination Date" means the date specified in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"FXFinalPrincipal" means the FX Rate determined by the Determination Agent on the FXFinalPrincipal 
Determination Date, provided that if FXFinalPrincipal is specified as being "Not Applicable" in respect of any 
determination, FXFinalPrincipal shall be equal to 1 for such determination; 
"FXFinalPrincipal Determination Date" means the date specified in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"FXInitial" means the FX Rate determined by the Determination Agent on the FXInitial Determination Date, 
provided that if FXInitial is specified as being "Not Applicable" in respect of any determination, FXInitial 
shall be equal to 1 for such determination; 
"FXInitial Determination Date" means the date specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"FXInitialOption" means the FX Rate determined by the Determination Agent on the FXInitialOption 
Determination Date, provided that if FXInitialOption is specified as being "Not Applicable" in respect of any 
determination, FXInitialOption shall be equal to 1 for such determination; 
"FXInitialOption Determination Date" means the date specified in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"FXInitialPrincipal" means the FX Rate determined by the Determination Agent on the FXInitialPrincipal 
Determination Date, provided that if FXInitialPrincipal is specified as being "Not Applicable" in respect of any 
determination, FXInitialPrincipal shall be equal to 1 for such determination; 
"FXInitialPrincipal Determination Date" means the date specified in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"FX Rate" means the rate of exchange, determined by the Determination Agent and rounded to 4 decimal 
points, by dividing (i) the daily fixing published on the Relevant Screen Page (as at the Specified Time) in 
respect of exchanging an amount in the Specified Currency for an amount in the Base Currency by (ii) the 
daily fixing published on the Relevant Screen Page (as at the Specified Time) in respect of exchanging an 
amount in the Base Currency for an amount in the Second Currency, provided that, when a direct fixing 
is available between the Specified Currency and the Second Currency, the Determination Agent will 
determine the rate of exchange on the basis of the daily fixing published on the Relevant Screen Page (as 
at the Specified Time) specified in the applicable Issue Terms in respect of the Specified Currency in respect 
of exchanging an amount in the Specified Currency for an amount in the Second Currency; 
"Highest Performance" means the value determined by the Determination Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Highest Performance =
Highest Reference Value
Applicable Initial Reference Value  – 1 
"Highest Reference Value" means the Relevant Underlying Value determined by the Determination Agent 
as being the highest of the Relevant Underlying Values determined on each Final Redemption Observation 
Date; 
"Initial Inflation Index Level" means the official determination of the Inflation Index published for the 
Determination Month (Initial) subject to adjustment in accordance with the provisions of Condition 12 
(Provisions Relating to Inflation-Linked Securities); 
"Initial Reference Value" means, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, either the value specified as 
such in the applicable Issue Terms or the Relevant Underlying Value as of the Initial Reference Value 
Determination Date(s) as determined by the Determination Agent in accordance with such provisions of 
Section 4 (Value Determination Terms) as are specified as being applicable in the applicable Issue Terms 
and, if applicable, "Initial Reference Valuei" means, in respect of any Basket Component "i", the Initial 
Reference Value of such Basket Component, provided that, if "Reset Initial Reference Value" is specified 
as being applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, then:  
(a) 
if on any Reset Observation Date the Final Reference Value is equal to or greater than the Reset 
Barrier Value, the Initial Reference Value as at such Reset Observation Date shall be equal to the 
Reset Initial Reference Value; or

--- Page 372 ---
Terms and Conditions of Securities 
Part 2: Additional Terms and Conditions 
Section 2 
Interest and Redemption Terms 
 
 
372 
 
(b) 
if on any Reset Observation Date the Final Reference Value is less than the Reset Barrier Value, 
the Initial Reference Value as at such Reset Observation Date shall be equal to the Relevant 
Underlying Value as of the Strike Date as determined by the Determination Agent in accordance 
with such provisions of Section 4 (Value Determination Terms) as are specified as being applicable 
in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"Initial Reference Value Determination Date(s)" means the date(s) specified as such in the applicable 
Issue Terms (which may include, without limitation, the Determination Date, each Averaging Date or each 
Observation Date), provided that, (I) in the case of Equity-Linked Securities, Fund-Linked Securities and 
Futures Contract-Linked Securities (i) if any such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day or a Fund Business 
Day (as applicable), the relevant Initial Reference Value Determination Date shall (A) in the case of Equity-
Linked Securities or Futures Contract-Linked Securities, be the next succeeding Scheduled Trading Day 
or, if either "Common Scheduled Trading Days and Common Disrupted Days" or "Common Scheduled 
Trading Days and Individual Disrupted Days" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the 
next succeeding Common Scheduled Trading Day; or (B) in the case of Fund-Linked Securities, be the next 
succeeding Fund Business Day or, if either "Common Fund Business Days and Common Disrupted Days" 
or "Common Fund Business Days and Individual Disrupted Days" is specified to be applicable in the 
relevant Issue Terms, the next succeeding Common Fund Business Day, and (ii) if any Initial Reference 
Value Determination Date is a Disrupted Day, the provisions of, as applicable, Condition 9.1 (Market 
Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging Dates), Condition 13.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates 
and Averaging Dates) or Condition 15.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging Dates) shall 
apply mutatis mutandis as if such Initial Reference Value Determination Date were a Reference Date, and 
otherwise subject to adjustment in accordance with the Conditions, and (II) if no such date is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms, the Initial Reference Value Determination Date shall be the Strike Date; 
 
"Interest Cap" means an amount or percentage specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, provided 
that if "Interest Cap" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms to be "Not Applicable", then it shall mean 
infinity; 
"Interest Determination Dates" means the dates specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, provided 
that, in the case of Equity-Linked Securities, Fund-Linked Securities and Futures Contract-Linked 
Securities (i) if any such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day or a Fund Business Day (as applicable), the 
relevant Interest Determination Date shall (A) in the case of Equity-Linked Securities or Futures Contract-
Linked Securities, be the next succeeding Scheduled Trading Day or, if either "Common Scheduled Trading 
Days and Common Disrupted Days" or "Common Scheduled Trading Days and Individual Disrupted Days" 
is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the next succeeding Common Scheduled Trading 
Day; or (B) in the case of Fund-Linked Securities, be the next succeeding Fund Business Day or, if either 
"Common Fund Business Days and Common Disrupted Days" or "Common Fund Business Days and 
Individual Disrupted Days" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the next succeeding 
Common Fund Business Day, and (ii) if any Interest Determination Date is a Disrupted Day, the provisions 
of, as applicable, Condition 9.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging Dates), Condition 
13.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging Dates) or Condition 15.1 (Market Disruption, 
Reference Dates and Averaging Dates) shall apply mutatis mutandis as if such Interest Determination Date 
were a Reference Date, and otherwise subject to adjustment in accordance with the Conditions; 
"Interest Floor" means an amount specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"Interest Period" means each period specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, and may be expressed 
as beginning on (and including) a specified date and ending on (and not including) another date; 
"Knock-in Barrier Level" means the value specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms (which may be 
expressed as a single value or as a specified percentage of the Initial Reference Value); 
"Knock-in Barrier Level (1)" means the value specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms (which may 
be expressed as a single value or as a specified percentage of the Initial Reference Value); 
"Knock-in Barrier Level (2)" means the value specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms (which may 
be expressed as a single value or as a specified percentage of the Initial Reference Value); 
"Knock-in Value" means, (a) if "Worst Performance" is specified as being applicable in respect of the 
relevant Series of Securities in the applicable Issue Terms, the Relevant Underlying Value of the Worst 
Performing Basket Component, (b) if "Best Performance" is specified as being applicable in respect of the

--- Page 373 ---
Terms and Conditions of Securities 
Part 2: Additional Terms and Conditions 
Section 2 
Interest and Redemption Terms 
 
 
373 
 
relevant Series of Securities in the applicable Issue Terms, the Relevant Underlying Value of the Best 
Performing Basket Component, (c) if "Selected Worst of Performance" is specified as being applicable 
in respect of the relevant Series of Securities in the applicable Issue Terms, the value determined by adding 
the Relevant Underlying Value of each Selected Worst Performing Basket Component and dividing the 
sum by the number of such Selected Worst Performing Basket Components, (d) if "Selected Best of 
Performance" is specified as being applicable in respect of the relevant Series of Securities in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the value determined by adding the Relevant Underlying Value of each Selected 
Best Performing Basket Component and dividing the sum by the number of Selected Best Performing 
Basket Components, (e) if "Relevant Underlying Performance" is specified as being applicable in respect 
of the relevant Series of Securities for the purposes of determining the Knock-in Value in the applicable 
Issue Terms, the Relevant Underlying Performance for such purposes, or (f) in all other cases, the Relevant 
Underlying Value; 
"Leverage" means the percentage rate specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Lock In Observation Dates" means; in relation to the Determination Date, the dates specified as such in 
the applicable Issue Terms (and may also be expressed as being each Scheduled Trading Day within 
specified dates), provided that, (i) if any such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the relevant Lock In 
Observation Date shall (A) in relation to any Commodity-Linked Securities, fall on the next succeeding 
Scheduled Trading Day; (B) in the case of Equity-Linked Securities or Futures Contract-Linked Securities, 
be the next succeeding Scheduled Trading Day or, if either "Common Scheduled Trading Days and 
Common Disrupted Days" or "Common Scheduled Trading Days and Individual Disrupted Days" is 
specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the next succeeding Common Scheduled Trading 
Day; or (C) in the case of Fund-Linked Securities, be the next succeeding Fund Business Day or, if either 
"Common Fund Business Days and Common Disrupted Days" or "Common Fund Business Days and 
Individual Disrupted Days" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the next succeeding 
Common Fund Business Day, and (ii) if any Lock In Observation Date is (x) in the case of Equity-Linked 
Securities, Fund-Linked Securities or Futures Contract-Linked Securities, a Disrupted Day, the provisions 
of Condition 9.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging Dates), Condition 13.1 (Market 
Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging Dates) or Condition 15.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates 
and Averaging Dates) (as the case may be) shall apply mutatis mutandis as if such Lock In Observation 
Date were a Reference Date; (y) in the case of Commodity-Linked Securities, a day on which there has 
been a correction to a previously published or announced price in accordance with Condition 10.1 
(Corrections to Published Prices) or a day on which a Commodity Disruption Event or a Commodity Index 
Disruption Event (as the case may be) has occurred or is continuing, such Lock In Observation Date shall 
be subject to adjustment in accordance with Condition 10 (Provisions Relating to Commodity-Linked 
Securities) as if such date were a Pricing Date or a Common Pricing Date (as applicable); or (z) in the case 
of Inflation-Linked Securities, a day on which a relevant Inflation Index is not published or otherwise, a 
day on which the level of a relevant Inflation Index cannot be determined in accordance with Condition 12 
(Provisions Relating to Inflation-Linked Securities), such Lock In Observation Date shall be subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the provisions of such Condition 12 (Provisions Relating to Inflation-Linked 
Securities);  
"Lock In Steps" means a set of incremental values (for example, 5%, 10%, 15%… or 10%, 20%, 30%….) 
specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, or incremental values determined by the Determination 
Agent and notified to the Securityholders as soon as practicable following the date of the applicable 
determination, which fall within the Lock In Steps Ranges, with each such value being a "Lock In Step"; 
"Lock In Steps Range" means a range of incremental values (for example, between 5%-9%, 10%-14…) 
specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, with each such range of values being a "Lock In Step 
Range"; 
"Lower Coupon Rate" means the value (expressed as a percentage) specified as such in the applicable 
Issue Terms; 
"Lower Strike" means the value specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"Lowest Basket Component Performance" means the Final Performance of the Worst Performing Basket 
Component, where the "Final Performance" in respect of such Worst Performing Basket Component is 
an amount determined by the Determination Agent by dividing (i) the Final Reference Value (Final 
Redemption) of such Basket Component, by (ii) the Applicable Initial Reference Value of such Basket 
Component;

--- Page 374 ---
Terms and Conditions of Securities 
Part 2: Additional Terms and Conditions 
Section 2 
Interest and Redemption Terms 
 
 
374 
 
"Max" followed by a series of amounts inside brackets, means whichever is the greater of the amounts 
separated by a semi-colon inside those brackets; 
"Max Loss Rate" means the value (expressed as a percentage) specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms; 
"Maximum Lock In Step" means, as determined by the Determination Agent, the highest Lock In Step 
achieved as of any Lock In Observation Date (and so that the Lock In Step achieved as of any Lock In Step 
Observation Date is the Lock In Step equal to the Relevant Underlying Performance as of such date or, if 
there is no such equal Lock In Step, the highest Lock In Step exceeded by the Relevant Underlying 
Performance as of that Lock In Observation Date, and "Maximum Lock In Step" means, in respect of a 
Lock In Observation Date, the highest Lock In Step which may be included in the Relevant Underlying 
Performance on such Lock In Observation Date; 
"Min" followed by a series of amounts inside brackets, means whichever is the lesser of the amounts 
separated by a semi-colon inside those brackets; 
"Minimum Coupon Rate" means the percentage rate specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"Multiplier" means, in respect of each Automatic Early Redemption Date, a value (which may be zero) 
specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms corresponding to such Automatic Early Redemption Date; 
“MXN” means Mexican Pesos, being the lawful currency of the United Mexican States; 
"Number of Exchange Business Days (Barrier Condition Satisfied)" means, in respect of each Interest 
Period and as determined by the Determination Agent, the number of Exchange Business Days in such 
Interest Period on which the Knock-in Value is: (A) if "Single Barrier Range Accrual" is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, (i) greater than, (ii) greater than or equal to, (iii) less than or (iv) less than or equal 
to, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the Coupon Barrier Value, or (B) if "Dual Barrier Range 
Accrual" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, (i) greater than or (ii) greater than or equal to, as 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the Lower Coupon Barrier Value and (i) less than or (ii) less than 
or equal to, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the Upper Coupon Barrier Value; 
"Number of Exchange Business Days (Total)" means, in respect of each Interest Period and as determined 
by the Determination Agent, the total number of Exchange Business Days in such Interest Period; 
"Number of Observation Dates (Barrier Condition Satisfied)"  means, in respect of each Interest Period, 
the number of Observation Dates in such Interest Period, as determined by the Determination Agent, that 
the Knock-in Value is (A) if "Single Barrier Range Accrual" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
(i) greater than, (ii) greater than or equal to, (iii) less than or (iv) less than or equal to, as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the Coupon Barrier Value, or (B) if "Dual Barrier Range Accrual" is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms, (i) greater than or (ii) greater than or equal to, as specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, the Lower Coupon Barrier Value and (i) less than or (ii) less than or equal to, as specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms, the Upper Coupon Barrier Value; 
"Observation Date" means each date specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms (and may also be 
expressed as each Scheduled Trading Day within specified dates), provided that, (i) if any such date is not 
a Scheduled Trading Day, the relevant Observation Date shall (A) in the case of Commodity-Linked 
Securities, be the next succeeding Scheduled Trading Day; (B) in the case of Equity-Linked Securities or 
Futures Contract-Linked Securities, be the next succeeding Scheduled Trading Day or, if either "Common 
Scheduled Trading Days and Common Disrupted Days" or "Common Scheduled Trading Days and 
Individual Disrupted Days" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the next succeeding 
Common Scheduled Trading Day; or (C) in the case of Fund-Linked Securities, be the next succeeding 
Fund Business Day or, if either "Common Fund Business Days and Common Disrupted Days" or "Common 
Fund Business Days and Individual Disrupted Days" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, the next succeeding Common Fund Business Day, and (ii) if any Observation Date is (A) in the 
case of Equity-Linked Securities, Fund-Linked Securities or Futures Contract-Linked Securities, a 
Disrupted Day, the provisions of Condition 9.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging Dates), 
Condition 13.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging Dates) or Condition 15.1 (Market 
Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging Dates) (as the case may be) shall apply mutatis mutandis as if 
such Observation Date were a Reference Date; (B) in the case of Commodity-Linked Securities, a day on 
which there has been a correction to a previously published or announced price in accordance with 
Condition 10.1 (Corrections to Published Prices) or a day on which a Commodity Disruption Event or a

--- Page 375 ---
Terms and Conditions of Securities 
Part 2: Additional Terms and Conditions 
Section 2 
Interest and Redemption Terms 
 
 
375 
 
Commodity Index Disruption Event (as the case may be) has occurred or is continuing, such Observation 
Date shall be subject to adjustment in accordance with Condition 10 (Provisions Relating to Commodity-
Linked Securities) as if such date were a Pricing Date or a Common Pricing Date (as applicable); or (C) in 
the case of Inflation-Linked Securities, a day on which a relevant Inflation Index is not published or  a day 
on which the level of a relevant Inflation Index cannot be determined in accordance with Condition 12 
(Provisions Relating to Inflation-Linked Securities), such Observation Date shall be subject to adjustment 
in accordance with the provisions of such Condition 12 (Provisions Relating to Inflation-Linked Securities); 
"Observation Period" means the period from and including the Strike Date to and including the 
Determination Date, provided that, in the case of Equity-Linked Securities, Fund-Linked Securities and 
Futures Contract-Linked Securities (i) if any such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day or a Fund Business 
Day (as applicable), the relevant Strike Date or Determination Date (as applicable) shall (A) in the case of 
Equity-Linked Securities or Futures Contract-Linked Securities, be the next succeeding Scheduled Trading 
Day or, if either "Common Scheduled Trading Days and Common Disrupted Days" or "Common Scheduled 
Trading Days and Individual Disrupted Days" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the 
next succeeding Common Scheduled Trading Day; or (B) in the case of Fund-Linked Securities, be the next 
succeeding Fund Business Day or, if either "Common Fund Business Days and Common Disrupted Days" 
or "Common Fund Business Days and Individual Disrupted Days" is specified to be applicable in the 
relevant Issue Terms, the next succeeding Common Fund Business Day, and (ii) if any Strike Date or 
Determination Date (as applicable) is a Disrupted Day, the provisions of, as applicable, Condition 9.1 
(Market Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging Dates), Condition 13.1 (Market Disruption, Reference 
Dates and Averaging Dates) or Condition 15.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging Dates) 
shall apply mutatis mutandis as if such Strike Date or Determination Date (as applicable) were a Reference 
Date, and otherwise subject to adjustment in accordance with the Conditions;  
"OTM Performance" means the Relevant Underlying Performance, determined by the Determination 
Agent as if "OTM Performance (Single Underlying)" or "Selected Average OTM Performance" (as 
applicable) were specified as being applicable in respect of the relevant Securities; 
"OTM Rate" means a percentage rate specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"Participation Rate" and, if applicable, each of "Participation Rate 1", "Participation Rate 2" and 
"Participation Rate 3" means the percentage rate specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms;  
"Performance" means:  
(a) 
if the Securities are linked to the performance of a Basket and "Average Basket Performance" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the Average Basket Performance;  
(b) 
if the Securities are linked to the performance of a Basket and "Worst Basket Component 
Performance" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the Worst Basket 
Component Performance; or  
(c) 
if the Securities are not linked to the performance of a Basket, an amount determined by the 
Determination Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Final Reference Value (Final Redemption)
Applicable Initial Reference Value
 
"Performance Cap" means the value (expressed as a percentage) specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms; 
"Performance Rate" means the percentage rate specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, or, if no 
such rate is specified, 100 per cent.; 
"Physical Delivery FX Determination Date" means the date specified in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"Physical Delivery FX Rate" means the FX Rate determined by the Determination Agent on the Physical 
Delivery FX Determination Date, provided that, if Physical Delivery FX Rate is specified as being "Not 
Applicable", Physical Delivery FX Rate shall be equal to 1;  
"Prior Coupon Amount" means, for each Interest Determination Date or the Determination Date (as 
applicable), the sum of all Interest Amounts determined for preceding Interest Determination Dates (if any); 
"Put Strike" means the value (expressed as a percentage) specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms.

--- Page 376 ---
Terms and Conditions of Securities 
Part 2: Additional Terms and Conditions 
Section 2 
Interest and Redemption Terms 
 
 
376 
 
"Redemption Cap" means an amount specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"Redemption Floor" means an amount specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"Reduced Calculation Amount" means the Calculation Amount less the Automatic Partial Redemption 
Amount; 
"Reference Value" means: (i) if "Initial Reference Value" is specified as "Applicable" in the relevant Issue 
Terms, the Initial Reference Value; or (ii) if "Relevant Underlying ValueOD " is specified as "Applicable" 
in the relevant Issue Terms, the Relevant Underlying Value as of the Observation Date immediately 
preceding the Interest Determination Date in respect of such Interest Payment Date; 
"Relevant Factor" means, in respect of any Interest Period, the number specified as such in the applicable 
Issue Terms; 
"Relevant Inflation Index" means, in respect of any Series of Securities, the inflation index specified as 
such in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"Relevant Inflation Index (Initial)" means the value specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, which 
may, without limitation, be expressed as the official determination of the Relevant Inflation Index for a 
calendar month specified in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"Relevant Inflation Index (N)" means, in respect of each Interest Payment Date, the official determination 
of the Relevant Inflation Index published for the Determination Month in respect of such Interest Payment 
Date, provided that the provisions of Condition 12 (Provisions Relating to Inflation-Linked Securities) 
will apply as if the Relevant Inflation Index were an Inflation Index as defined in such Condition; 
"Relevant Screen Page" means, in respect of the Specified Currency or the Second Currency, the page, 
section or other part of a particular information service (including, without limitation, Reuters) specified as 
such in the applicable Issue Terms, or such other page, section or other part as may replace it on that 
information service or such other information service, in each case, as may be nominated by the Person 
providing or sponsoring the information appearing there for the purpose of displaying rates or prices 
comparable to the FX Rate; 
"Relevant Underlying Value" means the value of the Relevant Underlying as determined by the 
Determination Agent in accordance with such provisions of Section 4 (Value Determination Terms) as are 
specified as being applicable in the applicable Issue Terms;  
"Relevant Underlying Performance" means, for the purposes of any relevant determination (including, 
without limitation, any determination of the Knock-in Value or Relevant Underlying Performance 
(Autocall) or for any determination of the Final Redemption Amount calculated in accordance with any 
formula) the value determined by the Determination Agent as of the Determination Date in accordance with 
such provisions of Section 5 (Performance Determination Terms) as are specified as being applicable in 
the applicable Issue Terms;  
"Relevant Underlying Performance (Autocall)" means the Relevant Underlying Performance determined 
by the Determination Agent as of each Automatic Early Redemption Determination Date 
"Relevant Underlying Performance (Put) " means the value determined by the Determination Agent as 
of the Determination Date in accordance with such provisions of Section 5 (Performance Determination 
Terms) as are specified as being applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, as if "Put Performance" were 
specified as being applicable; 
"Relevant Underlying Performancet" means the Relevant Underlying Performance determined by the 
Determination Agent as of the Lock In Observation Date; 
"Reset Barrier Value" means, in respect of any Reset Observation Date, the value specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms (expressed as a single value or as a percentage of the Relevant Underlying Value 
as of the Strike Date as determined by the Determination Agent in accordance with such provisions of 
Section 4 (Value Determination Terms) as are specified as being applicable in the applicable Issue Terms); 
"Reset Initial Reference Value" means, in respect of any Reset Observation Date, an amount equal to the 
product of (a) the Relevant Underlying Value as of the Strike Date as determined by the Determination 
Agent in accordance with such provisions of Section 4 (Value Determination Terms) as are specified as 
being applicable in the applicable Issue Terms and (b) the Reset Rate;

--- Page 377 ---
Terms and Conditions of Securities 
Part 2: Additional Terms and Conditions 
Section 2 
Interest and Redemption Terms 
 
 
377 
 
"Reset Observation Date" means the dates specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, provided that, 
(i) if any such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the relevant Reset Observation Date shall (A) in relation 
to any Commodity-Linked Securities, fall on the next succeeding Scheduled Trading Day; (B) in the case 
of Equity-Linked Securities or Futures Contract-Linked Securities, be the next succeeding Scheduled 
Trading Day or, if either "Common Scheduled Trading Days and Common Disrupted Days" or "Common 
Scheduled Trading Days and Individual Disrupted Days" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, the next succeeding Common Scheduled Trading Day; or (C) in the case of Fund-Linked Securities, 
be the next succeeding Fund Business Day or, if either "Common Fund Business Days and Common 
Disrupted Days" or "Common Fund Business Days and Individual Disrupted Days" is specified to be 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the next succeeding Common Fund Business Day, and (ii) if any 
Reset Observation Date is (x) in the case of Equity-Linked Securities, Fund-Linked Securities or Future 
Contract-Linked Securities, a Disrupted Day, the provisions of Condition 9.1 (Market Disruption, 
Reference Dates and Averaging Dates), Condition 13.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates and 
Averaging Dates) or Condition 15.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging Dates) (as the 
case may be) shall apply mutatis mutandis as if such Reset Observation Date were a Reference Date; (y) in 
the case of Commodity-Linked Securities, a day on which there has been a correction to a previously 
published or announced price in accordance with Condition 10.1 (Corrections to Published Prices) or a day 
on which a Commodity Disruption Event or a Commodity Index Disruption Event (as the case may be) has 
occurred or is continuing, such Reset Observation Date shall be subject to adjustment in accordance with 
Condition 10 (Provisions Relating to Commodity-Linked Securities) as if such date were a Pricing Date or 
a Common Pricing Date (as applicable); or (z) in the case of Inflation-Linked Securities, a day on which a 
relevant Inflation Index is not published or otherwise, a day on which the level of a relevant Inflation Index 
cannot be determined in accordance with Condition 12 (Provisions Relating to Inflation-Linked Securities), 
such Reset Observation Date shall be subject to adjustment in accordance with the provisions of such 
Condition 12 (Provisions Relating to Inflation-Linked Securities); 
"Reset Rate" means the value (expressed as a percentage) specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"Scheduled Interest Payment Date" means each date specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means (I) in respect of a Series of Equity-Linked Securities, (a) except with 
respect to a Multi-Exchange Index, any day on which each Exchange and each Related Exchange are 
scheduled to be open for trading for their respective regular trading session, (b) with respect to any 
Multi-Exchange Index, any day on which (i) the Index Sponsor is scheduled to publish the level of the 
Index and (ii) the Related Exchange is scheduled to be open for trading for its regular trading session, and 
(c) with respect to a Proprietary Index, any day on which the Index Sponsor is scheduled to publish the 
level of such Index, (II) in respect of a Series of Fund-Linked Securities, any day which is a Fund Business 
Day, (III) in respect of a Series of Currency-Linked Securities, any day which is a Currency Business Day, 
(IV) in respect of a Series of Commodity-Linked Securities, any day which is a Commodity Business Day, 
and (V) in respect of a Series of Futures Contract-Linked Securities, any day on which each Exchange is 
scheduled to be open for trading for their respective regular trading sessions notwithstanding that any such 
Exchange may close prior to its Scheduled Closing Time; 
"Second Currency" means the currency specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"Securityholder Par Value" means, in respect of any Securityholder, the par value of such Securityholder's 
interests in the Securities; 
"Selected Best Performing Basket Components" means the Basket Components determined by the 
Determination Agent by numbering the Basket Components in order according to the respective values for 
each Basket Component determined by dividing (i) for the purposes of Sub-Section I (Interest) of this 
Section 2 (Interest and Redemption Terms), the Final Reference Value (Coupon) by the Applicable Initial 
Reference Value, (ii) for the purposes of Paragraph 1.24 (Mixto Coupon) of this Section 2 (Interest and 
Redemption Terms), the Final Reference Value (Autocall) for such Basket Component by its Applicable 
Initial Reference Value, and (iii) in all other cases, the Final Reference Value for such Basket Component 
by its Applicable Initial Reference Value, starting with the Basket Component with the highest such value 
(Basket Component 1) and ending with the Basket Component with the lowest such value (and so that, if 
more than one Basket Component has the same value, the order of the relevant Basket Components shall 
be as determined by the Determination Agent) and by selecting "N" Basket Components with the highest 
such values (Basket Component 1 to N), where "N" is the number of Basket Components to be selected, as 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms.

--- Page 378 ---
Terms and Conditions of Securities 
Part 2: Additional Terms and Conditions 
Section 2 
Interest and Redemption Terms 
 
 
378 
 
"Selected Worst Performing Basket Components" means the Basket Components determined by the 
Determination Agent by numbering the Basket Components in order according to the respective values for 
each Basket Component determined by dividing (i) for the purposes of Sub-Section I (Interest) of this 
Section 2 (Interest and Redemption Terms), the Final Reference Value (Coupon) by the Applicable Initial 
Reference Value, (ii) for the purposes of Paragraph 1.24 (Mixto Coupon) of this Section 2 (Interest and 
Redemption Terms), the Final Reference Value (Autocall) for such Basket Component by its Applicable 
Initial Reference Value, and (iii) in all other cases, the Final Reference Value for such Basket Component 
by its Applicable Initial Reference Value, starting with the Basket Component with the lowest such value 
(Basket Component 1) and ending with the Basket Component with the highest such value (and so that, if 
more than one Basket Component has the same value, the order of the relevant Basket Components shall 
be as determined by the Determination Agent) and by selecting "N" Basket Components with the lowest 
such values (Basket Component 1 to N), where "N" is the number of Basket Components to be selected, as 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Specified Currency" means the currency specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"Specified Final Redemption Barrier Values" means a set of values (for example, 60 per cent. of the 
Initial Reference Value, 63 per cent. of the Initial Reference Value, 70 per cent. of the Initial Reference 
Value, and so on) specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms (which may be expressed as a single value 
or as a specified percentage of the Initial Reference Value), which each such value being a "Specified Final 
Redemption Barrier Value"; 
"Specified Final Redemption Rate" means the percentage rate specified in respect of each Specified Final 
Redemption Barrier Value; 
"Specified Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, provided 
that, if no such percentage is specified, the Specified Percentage shall be equal to 100 per cent.; 
"Specified Percentage 1" means the percentage specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms; 
"Specified Percentage 2" means the percentage specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms; 
"Specified Rate" and, if applicable, "Specified Rate 1", "Specified Rate 2" and "Specified Rate 3"  means 
the percentage rate (which will be between 0% and 100%) specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms 
provided that if no such rate is specified, the Specified Rate, Specified Rate 1, Specified Rate 2 or 
Specified Rate 3, as applicable, shall be equal to 100 per cent.;  
"Specified Strike Value" means the value specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms (which may be 
expressed as a single value or as a specified percentage of the Initial Reference Value); 
"Specified Time" means, in respect of a Series of Securities and the Specified Currency or the Second 
Currency, the time specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms or if no such time is specified the time 
chosen by the Determination Agent; 
"Spread" means an amount (expressed as a percentage) specified in the applicable Issue Terms, which shall 
be preceded by either a "+" (plus) or a "−" (minus) sign (provided that if the applicable Issue Terms specify 
Spread to be not applicable, it shall be deemed to be zero); 
"Strike" means the value specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"Threshhold Number" means the number specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"Top Rank Underlying Performance" means the Relevant Underlying Performance, determined by the 
Determination Agent as if "Selected Average Top Rank Performance" were specified as being applicable 
in respect of the relevant Securities; 
"UDI Fixing" means, in respect of any day, the MXN/UDI rate (expressed as the amount of MXN per one 
UDI) reported in respect of such day by the Central Bank of the United Mexican States (Banco de México) 
on www.banxico.org.mx (or such successor website as may apply), subject to adjustment in accordance 
with the provisions of Condition 12 (Provisions Relating to Inflation-Linked Securities). 
"UDI" means Unidad de Inversión. 
"UDIFinal" means an amount in MXN equal to the product of: (i) MXN 1 and (ii)  the official determination 
of the Inflation Index published for the Final UDI Observation Date subject to adjustment in accordance 
with the provisions of Condition 12 (Provisions Relating to Inflation-Linked Securities).

--- Page 379 ---
Terms and Conditions of Securities 
Part 2: Additional Terms and Conditions 
Section 2 
Interest and Redemption Terms 
 
 
379 
 
"UDIInitial" means an amount in MXN equal to the product of: (i) MXN 1 and (ii) either (a) the value 
specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms or (b) if no such value is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the official determination of the Inflation Index published for the Issue Date subject to adjustment 
in accordance with the provisions of Condition 12 (Provisions Relating to Inflation-Linked Notes). 
"UDIn" means, in respect of each Interest Payment Date and each Interest Period ending on (but including) 
such Interest Payment Date, an amount in MXN equal to the product of: (i) MXN 1 and (ii) the official 
determination of the Inflation Index published for the Observation Date in respect of such Interest Payment 
Date, subject to adjustment in accordance with the provisions of Condition 12 (Provisions Relating to 
Inflation-Linked Securities). 
"Underlying Securities" means the securities specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms or, if no such 
securities are specified, (i) where the Relevant Underlying comprises a Single Underlying, such Single 
Underlying or (ii) where the Relevant Underlying comprises a Basket, the Worst Performing Basket 
Component; and 
"Upper Coupon Rate" means the value (expressed as a percentage) specified as such in the applicable 
Issue Terms; 
"Upper Strike" means the value specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"Worst Basket Component Performance" means an amount determined by the Determination Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
 
Final Reference Value (Final Redemption) of Worst Performing Basket Component
Applicable Initial Reference Value of Worst Performing Basket Component
 
"Worst Performing Basket Component" means the Basket Component determined by the Determination 
Agent by numbering the Basket Components in order according to the respective values for each Basket 
Component determined by dividing (i) for the purposes of Sub-Section I (Interest) of this Section 2 (Interest 
and Redemption Terms), the Final Reference Value (Coupon) by the Applicable Initial Reference Value, 
(ii) for the purposes of Paragraph 2.1 (Autocall 1) of this Section 2 (Interest and Redemption Terms), the 
Final Reference Value (Autocall) for such Basket Component by its Applicable Initial Reference Value, 
(iii) for the purposes of Paragraph 3.8 (Barrier Redemption 2) and Paragraph 3.30 (Booster Redemption 
(3)) of this Section 2 (Interest and Redemption Terms), the Final Reference Value (Final Redemption) for 
such Basket Component by its Applicable Initial Reference Value, and (iv) in all other cases, the Final 
Reference Value for such Basket Component by its Applicable Initial Reference Value, starting with the 
Basket Component with the lowest such value (Basket Component 1) and ending with the Basket 
Component with the highest such value (and so that, if more than one Basket Component has the same 
value, the order of the relevant Basket Components shall be as determined by the Determination Agent) 
and by selecting the Basket Component with the lowest such value (Basket Component 1).

--- Page 380 ---
Terms and Conditions of Securities 
Part 2: Additional Terms and Conditions 
Section 3 
Preference Share-Linked Securities 
 
 
380 
 
Section 3 
Additional Terms and Conditions for  
Preference Share-Linked Securities 
The terms set out in this Section 3 (Additional Terms and Conditions for Preference Share-Linked 
Securities) apply to a Series of Preference Share-Linked Securities if, and to the extent, so specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms. The Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, in respect of a Series of 
Preference Share-Linked Securities to which this Section 3 (Additional Terms and Conditions for 
Preference Share-Linked Securities) applies will be in the form set out under "Pro Forma Final Terms for 
Preference Share-Linked Securities" or the "Pro Forma Pricing Supplement for Preference Share-Linked 
Securities", respectively, in the Base Prospectus. 
1. 
Preference Share-Linked Securities 
1.1 
If "Preference Share-Linked Securities" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms: 
(a) 
if "No Interest" is applicable as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, no interest shall bepayable 
on the Securities; 
(b)  
if "Barrier Conditional Coupon" is applicable as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, and if 
the Determination Agent determines that the Knock-in Value as of, as specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, (a) any Interest Determination Date, (b) each Barrier Observation Date, if any, 
specified in respect of such Interest Determination Date, or (c) at any time during the Barrier 
Observation Period, if any, specified in respect of such Interest Determination Date, is (i) greater 
than, (ii) greater than or equal to, (iii) equal to, (iv) less than or (v) less than or equal to, as specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, the Coupon Barrier Value in respect of such Interest Determination 
Date, the Issuer shall on the immediately following Interest Payment Date pay interest on the 
Securities of the relevant Series in an amount per Calculation Amount determined by the 
Determination Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Coupon Rate × Calculation Amount 
No interest will otherwise be payable on the Securities on an Interest Payment Date. 
The Interest Payment Dates will be indicated in the applicable Issue Terms; 
(c) 
if "Regular Coupon" is applicable as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the Issuer shall on 
each Interest Payment Date pay interest on the Securities of the relevant Series in an amount per 
Calculation Amount determined by the Determination Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Coupon Rate × Calculation Amount 
The Interest Payment Dates will be indicated in the applicable Issue Terms; 
(d) 
if "Memory Barrier Conditional Coupon" is applicable as specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, and if the Determination Agent determines that the Knock-in Value as of, as specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms, (a) any Interest Determination Date, (b) each Barrier Observation Date, 
if any, specified in respect of such Interest Determination Date, or (c) at any time during the Barrier 
Observation Period, if any, specified in respect of such Interest Determination Date, is (i) greater 
than, (ii) greater than or equal to, (iii) equal to, (iv) less than or (v) less than or equal to, as specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, the Coupon Barrier Value in respect of such Interest Determination 
Date, the Issuer shall on the immediately following Interest Payment Date pay interest on the 
Securities of the relevant Series in an amount per Calculation Amount determined by the 
Determination Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
[(∑𝐶𝑜𝑢𝑝𝑜𝑛 𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒𝑗
𝑛
𝑗=1
) × Calculation Amount - Prior Coupon Amount] 
No interest will otherwise be payable on the Securities on an Interest Payment Date.

--- Page 381 ---
Terms and Conditions of Securities 
Part 2: Additional Terms and Conditions 
Section 3 
Preference Share-Linked Securities 
 
 
381 
 
The Interest Payment Dates will be indicated in the applicable Issue Terms. 
(e) 
if "Range Accrual Coupon" is applicable as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the Issuer 
shall, on each Interest Payment Date, pay interest on the Securities of the relevant Series in an 
amount (which may be zero) per Calculation Amount determined by the Determination Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Coupon Rate × Calculation Amount × 
Number of Observation Dates (Barrier Condition Satisfied)
Relevant Factor
 ×  Day Count Fraction 
 
(f) 
the Securities may be redeemed prior to the Maturity Date at the election of the Issuer and at the 
Early Preference Share Redemption Security Amount as defined in Condition 14.8 (Definitions 
applicable to Preference Share-Linked Securities) in any of the circumstances contemplated in 
Condition 14.2 (Early Redemption for Taxation Reasons), 14.4 (Early Redemption in respect of 
Preference Share-Linked Securities), 14.5 (Extraordinary Events), or 14.6 (Additional Disruption 
Events), and at the "Early Redemption Amount" as defined in Condition 2.1 (Definitions) in any 
of the circumstances contemplated in Condition 21 (Events of Default) or 33 (Inconvertibility 
Events); and 
(g) 
unless previously redeemed or cancelled, such Securities shall be redeemed on the Maturity Date 
at their Final Redemption Amount being an amount per Calculation Amount determined by the 
Determination Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
 
Calculation Amount × Participation Rate × Preference Share Valuefinal
Preference Share Valueinitial
 
1.2 
As used in this paragraph 1: 
"Barrier Observation Dates" means, in respect of any Interest Determination Date, the dates 
specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms (and may also be expressed as being each 
Scheduled Trading Day within specified dates), provided that, (i) if any such date is not a 
Scheduled Trading Day, the relevant Barrier Observation Date shall be the next succeeding 
Scheduled Trading Day; and (ii) if any Barrier Observation Date is a Disrupted Day, the relevant 
Barrier Observation Date shall be the earlier of (A) the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day 
that is not in the determination of the Determination Agent a Disrupted Day and (B) the eighth 
Scheduled Trading Day following such Barrier Observation Date (notwithstanding that such 
Scheduled Trading Day is a Disrupted Day);  
"Barrier Observation Period" means, in respect of any Interest Determination Date, a period 
specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, expressed as either (i) beginning from (and 
including) the Barrier Observation Period Start Date and ending on and excluding the Barrier 
Observation Period End Date, or (ii) being the Barrier Observation Period Date, provided that, 
(i) if any such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the relevant date shall be the next succeeding 
Scheduled Trading Day; and (ii) if any such date is a Disrupted Day, the relevant date shall be the 
earlier of (A) the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not in the determination of the 
Determination Agent a Disrupted Day and (B) the eighth Scheduled Trading Day following such 
date (notwithstanding that such Scheduled Trading Day is a Disrupted Day); 
"Barrier Observation Period Date" means the Barrier Observation Period Start Date or the 
Barrier Observation Period End Date, as applicable. 
"Barrier Observation Period End Date" means the specified date on which the Barrier 
Observation Period ends. 
"Barrier Observation Period Start Date" means the specified date on which the Barrier 
Observation Period begins.

--- Page 382 ---
Terms and Conditions of Securities 
Part 2: Additional Terms and Conditions 
Section 3 
Preference Share-Linked Securities 
 
 
382 
 
"Coupon Barrier Value" and, if applicable, each of "Upper Coupon Barrier Value" and "Lower 
Coupon Barrier Value" means, in respect of an Interest Determination Date, the value specified 
as such in the applicable Issue Terms (which may be expressed as a single value or as a specified 
percentage of the Initial Reference Value); 
"Coupon Rate" means, in respect of an Interest Determination Date, the rate (which may be zero) 
specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms corresponding to such Interest Determination Date; 
"Coupon Ratej" means, and, if applicable, each of "Upper Coupon Rate" and "Lower Coupon 
Rate" means, in respect of each relevant Interest Determination Date, the rate specified as such in 
the applicable Issue Terms; 
"Final Valuation Date" means the day falling the number of Business Days specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms following the Preference Share Determination Date; 
"Initial Reference Value" means the value specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"Interest Determination Dates" means the dates specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, 
provided that: (i) if any such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the relevant Interest 
Determination Date shall be the next succeeding Scheduled Trading Day; and (ii) if any Interest 
Determination Date is a Disrupted Day, the relevant Interest Determination Date shall be the earlier 
of (A) the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not in the determination of the 
Determination Agent a Disrupted Day and (B) the eighth Scheduled Trading Day following such 
Interest Determination Date (notwithstanding that such Scheduled Trading Day is a Disrupted 
Day), and otherwise subject to adjustment in accordance with the Conditions; 
"Knock-in Value" means the Relevant Underlying Value; 
"Maturity Date" means: 
(a) 
if Underlying Determination Event is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms: 
(i) 
if the Preference Shares become subject to redemption pursuant to the underlying 
determination provisions contained in the terms and conditions of the Preference 
Shares and redemption occurs (or which redemption but for the delay of the date for 
valuation or determination of the underlying asset or reference basis (or any part 
thereof) for the Preference Shares on or about such date, would have occurred), the 
day falling the number of Business Days specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
following the Final Valuation Date; or 
(ii) 
otherwise, the No Underlying Determination Event Maturity Date or, if later, the 
day falling the number of Business Days specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
following the Final Valuation Date; or 
(b) 
if Underlying Determination Event is specified as not applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the date specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms or, if later, the day falling the 
number of Business Days specified in the applicable Issue Terms following the Final Valuation 
Date; 
"n" means the number of calendar days from, and including, the Issue Date to, but excluding, the 
Maturity Date;  
"No Underlying Determination Event Maturity Date" means the date specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms; 
"No Underlying Determination Event Valuation Date" means the date specified as such in the 
applicable; 
"Number of Observation Dates (Barrier Condition Satisfied)" means, in respect of each 
Interest Period, the number of Observation Dates in such Interest Period, as determined by the 
Determination Agent, that the Knock-in Value is (A) if "Single Barrier Range Accrual" is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, (i) greater than, (ii) greater than or equal to, (iii) less than 
or (iv) less than or equal to, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the Coupon Barrier Value, 
or (B) if "Dual Barrier Range Accrual" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, (i) greater 
than or (ii) greater than or equal to, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the Lower Coupon

--- Page 383 ---
Terms and Conditions of Securities 
Part 2: Additional Terms and Conditions 
Section 3 
Preference Share-Linked Securities 
 
 
383 
 
Barrier Value and (i) less than or (ii) less than or equal to, as specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the Upper Coupon Barrier Value;  
"Observation Dates" means, in respect of any Interest Determination Date, the dates specified as 
such in the applicable Issue Terms (and may also be expressed as being each Scheduled Trading 
Day within specified dates), provided that, (i) if any such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, 
the relevant Observation Date shall be the next succeeding Scheduled Trading Day; and (ii) if any 
Observation Date is a Disrupted Day, the relevant Observation Date shall be the earlier of (A) the 
first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not in the determination of the Determination Agent 
a Disrupted Day and (B) the eighth Scheduled Trading Day following such Observation Date 
(notwithstanding that such Scheduled Trading Day is a Disrupted Day);  
"Participation Rate" means the percentage rate specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, 
or, if no such rate is specified, 100 per cent; 
"Preference Share Determination Date" means: 
(a) 
if Underlying Determination Event is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms: 
(i) 
if the Preference Shares become subject to redemption pursuant to the underlying 
determination provisions contained in the terms and conditions of the Preference 
Shares, the Underlying Determination Event Valuation Date falling in the year in 
which such redemption occurs (or which but for the delay of the date for valuation 
or determination of the underlying asset or reference basis (or any part thereof) for 
the Preference Shares on or about such date, would have occurred); or 
(ii) 
otherwise, the No Underlying Determination Event Valuation Date; or 
(b) 
if Underlying Determination Event is specified as not applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the date specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, 
or, in each case, if any date(s) for valuation of or any determination of the underlying asset or 
reference basis (or any part thereof) for the Preference Shares falling on or about such day is to be 
delayed in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Preference Shares by reason of a 
disruption or adjustment event, the Preference Share Determination Date shall be such delayed 
valuation or determination date(s), all as determined by the Determination Agent; 
"Preference Share Value" means, in respect of any day, the fair market value of the Preference 
Share at the Valuation Time on such Day, as determined by the Determination Agent; 
"Preference Share Valueearly" means the Preference Share Value on the Early Redemption 
Valuation Date; 
"Preference Share Valuefinal" means the Preference Share Value on the Final Valuation Date; 
"Preference Share Valueinitial" means the Preference Share Value on the Initial Valuation Date;  
"Prior Coupon Amount" means, for each Interest Determination Date, the sum of all Interest 
Amounts determined for preceding Interest Determination Dates (if any); 
"Relevant Factor" means, in respect of any Interest Period, the number specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms; 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means any day on which each Exchange and each Related Exchange 
are scheduled to be open for trading for their respective regular trading session; and 
"Underlying Determination Event Valuation Date" means each date specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms.

--- Page 384 ---
Terms and Conditions of Securities 
Part 2: Additional Terms and Conditions 
Section 4 
Value Determination Terms 
 
 
384 
 
Section 4  
Additional Terms and Conditions for  
Value Determination Terms 
 
With respect to each Series of Linked Securities, the "Relevant Underlying Value" for a Relevant 
Underlying as of any date (including but not limited to a Valuation Date, Interest Determination Date, 
Determination Date, Observation Date, Pricing Date, Averaging Date, Automatic Early Redemption 
Determination Date or CMS Reference Rate Determination Date) for the purposes of determinations linked 
to the value or performance of the Relevant Underlying shall be, as determined by the Determination Agent 
and subject as provided in the Conditions: 
(a) 
for a Share or ETF Interest and a Series of Equity-Linked Securities, the price (or, if applicable, 
two or more such prices) of such Share or ETF Interest on the relevant Exchange, provided that, 
for a Share, if the applicable Issue Terms specify "Strategy Price" to be applicable, the Relevant 
Underlying Value will be the Strategy Level; 
(b) 
for an Index and a Series of Equity-Linked Securities, the official level of the Index (or, if 
applicable, two or more such levels); 
(c) 
for a Commodity and a Series of Commodity-Linked Securities, the Commodities Reference Price 
(or, if applicable, two or more such prices); 
(d) 
for a Commodity Index and a Series of Commodity-Linked Securities, the Commodities Reference 
Price (or, if applicable, two or more such prices); 
(e) 
for an Inflation Index and a Series of Inflation-Linked Securities, the level of the Inflation Index 
for a specified calendar month (or, if applicable, two or more such levels); 
(f) 
for a Currency Pair and a Series of Currency-Linked Securities, means the Specified Rate; 
(g) 
for a Fund and a Series of Fund Linked Securities, (A) the official Fund NAV which is published 
by the Fund, Fund Manager or any service provider appointed by the Fund or Fund Manager who 
reports such value on behalf of the Fund, on Bloomberg, Reuters or other similar publishing 
service, or on the website of the Fund, or in any other manner, divided by (B) the total number of 
Fund Interests, provided that if the information is published on more than one source and the 
information published on one source differs from the information published on another, the 
Determination Agent shall choose one of these in its reasonable discretion, acting in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner; 
(h) 
for a Futures Contract and a Series of Futures Contract-Linked Securities, means the Settlement 
Price; and 
(i) 
for a Relevant Underlying which is a basket comprising any combination of the foregoing, the 
value for the Relevant Underlying equal to the sum of the weighted values of the components of 
the Relevant Underlying applying (a) to (f) above, as applicable, 
determined, in each case, in accordance with such of the provisions contained in the following provisions 
of this Section 4 ("Value Determination Terms") as are applicable to the relevant determination as 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Sub-Section I 
Basic Value Determination Terms 
 
1. 
Spot Value 
If "Spot Value" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms or referred to in any other Value 
Determination Terms that are relevant to the applicable Issue Terms, the Relevant Underlying 
Value will be determined as of such time as the Determination Agent determines is appropriate in 
respect of the Relevant Underlying on the relevant date.

--- Page 385 ---
Terms and Conditions of Securities 
Part 2: Additional Terms and Conditions 
Section 4 
Value Determination Terms 
 
 
385 
 
2. 
Intraday Value 
If "Intraday Value" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms or referred to in any other Value 
Determination Terms in the context of comparing the Relevant Underlying Value against any other 
value, the Relevant Underlying Value may be determined at any time on the relevant date for the 
purposes of such comparison. 
3. 
Opening Value 
If "Opening Value" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms or referred to in any other Value 
Determination Terms that are relevant to the applicable Issue Terms, the Relevant Underlying 
Value will be determined: 
(a) 
for an Share, Index or ETF Interest and a Series of Equity-Linked Securities, as of the scheduled 
weekday opening time of the Exchange, without regard to after hours or any other trading outside 
of the regular trading session hours of the Exchange, in respect of such Relevant Underlying on 
the relevant date; 
(b) 
for a Basket of Shares, Indices or ETFs and a Series of Equity-Linked Securities, as of the 
scheduled weekday opening time of the Exchange, without regard to after hours or any other 
trading outside of the regular trading session hours of the Exchange in respect of such Relevant 
Underlying on the relevant date;  
(c) 
for a Basket of Inflation Indices and a Series of Inflation-Linked Securities, for the month specified 
as the Reference Month with respect to the relevant date in the applicable Issue Terms;  
(d) 
for a Futures Contract, a Basket of Futures Contracts and a Series of Futures Contract-Linked 
Securities, as of the scheduled weekday opening time of the Exchange, without regard to after 
hours or any other trading outside of the regular trading session hours of the Exchange, in respect 
of such Relevant Underlying on the relevant date; 
4. 
Closing Value 
If "Closing Value" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms or referred to in any other Value 
Determination Terms that are relevant to the applicable Issue Terms, the Relevant Underlying 
Value will be determined: 
(a) 
for a Share, Index or ETF Interest and a Series of Equity-Linked Securities, as of the Determination 
Time in respect of such Relevant Underlying on the relevant date; 
(b) 
for an Inflation Index and a Series of Inflation-Linked Securities, for the month specified as the 
Reference Month with respect to the relevant date in the applicable Issue Terms; 
(c) 
for a Currency Pair and a Series of Currency-Linked Securities, as of the close of business hours 
in the Principal Financial Centre in respect of the Reference Currency on the relevant date; 
(d) 
for a Fund Interest and a Series of Fund-Linked Securities, as of close of business in respect of 
such Relevant Underlying on the Fund Business Day immediately succeeding the relevant date; 
(e) 
for a Futures Contract and a Series of Futures Contract-Linked Securities, as of the Determination 
Time in respect of such Relevant Underlying on the relevant date; 
(f) 
for a Basket of Shares, Indices or ETFs and a Series of Equity-Linked Securities, as of the 
Scheduled Closing Time of the Exchange in respect of such Relevant Underlying on the relevant 
date; 
(g) 
for a Basket of Indices and a Series of Inflation-Linked Securities, for the month specified as the 
Reference Month with respect to the relevant date in the applicable Issue Terms; 
(h) 
for a Basket of Currencies and a Series of Currency-Linked Securities, as of the close of business 
hours in the Principal Financial Centre in respect of such Relevant Underlying on the relevant date;

--- Page 386 ---
Terms and Conditions of Securities 
Part 2: Additional Terms and Conditions 
Section 4 
Value Determination Terms 
 
 
386 
 
(i) 
for a Basket of Fund Interests and a Series of Fund-Linked Securities, as of close of business in 
respect of such Relevant Underlying on the Fund Business Day immediately succeeding the 
relevant date; and 
(j) 
for a Basket of Futures Contracts and a Series of Futures Contract-Linked Securities, as of the 
Scheduled Closing Time of the Exchange in respect of such Relevant Underlying on the relevant 
date. 
5. 
Commodity Specified Price 
The Relevant Underlying Value with respect to any Commodity Linked Security shall be 
determined in accordance with the "Commodity Specified Price" specified in the Issue Terms or 
referred to in any other Value Determination Terms that are relevant as provided in the applicable 
Issue Terms, being one of the prices or levels set out below (which terms shall have their natural 
meanings within the commodities market): 
(a) 
The "High Price"; 
(b) 
the "Low Price"; 
(c) 
the "Average of High Price and Low Price"; 
(d) 
the "Commodities Closing Price"; 
(e) 
the "Commodities Opening Price"; 
(f) 
the "Bid Price"; 
(g) 
the "Asked Price"; 
(h) 
the "Average of Bid Price and Asked Price"; 
(i) 
the "Settlement Price"; 
(j) 
the "Official Settlement Price"; 
(k) 
the "Official Price"; 
(l) 
the "Morning Fixing"; 
(m) 
the "Afternoon Fixing"; 
(n) 
the "Spot Price"; 
(o) 
the "Official Cash Offer Price"; or 
(p) 
any other price specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
provided that, (i) with respect to any Commodity specified in the Issue Terms as  "Non Metal", the relevant 
price shall be the Official Settlement Price, and (ii) with respect to any Commodity Specified in the Issue 
Terms as "Precious Metal" the relevant price shall be the Afternoon Fixing. 
Each of the Value Determination Terms set out at 1 to 5 above shall be referred to as a "Basic Value 
Determination Term".

--- Page 387 ---
Terms and Conditions of Securities 
Part 2: Additional Terms and Conditions 
Section 4 
Value Determination Terms 
 
 
387 
 
Sub-Section II 
Lookback Value Determination Terms  
1. 
Max Lookback Value 
If "Max Lookback Value" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms or referred to in any other 
Value Determination Terms that are relevant to the applicable Issue Terms, the Relevant 
Underlying Value will be the value determined by the Determination Agent to be the highest of, 
as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, (i) the Spot Values, (ii) the Intraday Values, (iii) the 
Opening Values, (iv) the Closing Values or (v) the relevant Commodity Specified Prices, observed 
on each Value Observation Date. 
where: 
"Spot Value", "Intraday Value", "Opening Value", "Closing Value" and "Commodity 
Specified Price" each has the meaning given to it in Sub-Section I above of this Section 4 (Value 
Determination Terms); and 
"Value Observation Dates" means the dates specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms (and 
may also be expressed as being each Scheduled Trading Day within specified dates), provided 
that, in the case of Equity-Linked Securities, Fund-Linked Securities and Futures Contract-Linked 
Securities (i) if any such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day or a Fund Business Day (as 
applicable), the relevant Value Observation Date shall (A) in the case of Equity-Linked Securities 
or Futures Contract-Linked Securities, be the next succeeding Scheduled Trading Day or, if either 
"Common Scheduled Trading Days and Common Disrupted Days" or "Common Scheduled 
Trading Days and Individual Disrupted Days" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, the next succeeding Common Scheduled Trading Day; or (B) in the case of Fund-Linked 
Securities, be the next succeeding Fund Business Day or, if either "Common Fund Business Days 
and Common Disrupted Days" or "Common Fund Business Days and Individual Disrupted Days" 
is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the next succeeding Common Fund 
Business Day, and (ii) if any Value Observation Date is a Disrupted Day, the provisions of, as 
applicable, Condition 9.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging Dates), Condition 
13.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging Dates) or Condition 15.1 (Market 
Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging Dates) shall apply mutatis mutandis as if such Value 
Observation Date were a Reference Date, and otherwise subject to adjustment in accordance with 
the Conditions; 
2. 
Min Lookback Value 
If "Min Lookback Value" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms or referred to in any other 
Value Determination Terms that are relevant to the applicable Issue Terms, the Relevant 
Underlying Value will be the value determined by the Determination Agent to be the lowest of, as 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, (i) the Spot Values, (ii) the Intraday Values, (iii) the 
Opening Values, (iv) the Closing Values or (v) the relevant Commodity Specified Prices observed 
on each Value Observation Date. 
where: 
"Spot Value", "Intraday Value", "Opening Value", "Closing Value" and "Commodity 
Specified Price" each has the meaning given to it in Sub-Section I above of this Section 4 (Value 
Determination Terms); and 
"Value Observation Dates" means the dates specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms (and 
may also be expressed as being each Scheduled Trading Day within specified dates), provided 
that, in the case of Equity-Linked Securities, Fund-Linked Securities and Futures Contract-Linked 
Securities (i) if any such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day or a Fund Business Day (as 
applicable), the relevant Value Observation Date shall (A) in the case of Equity-Linked Securities 
or Futures Contract-Linked Securities, be the next succeeding Scheduled Trading Day or, if either 
"Common Scheduled Trading Days and Common Disrupted Days" or "Common Scheduled 
Trading Days and Individual Disrupted Days" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, the next succeeding Common Scheduled Trading Day; or (B) in the case of Fund-Linked 
Securities, be the next succeeding Fund Business Day or, if either "Common Fund Business Days

--- Page 388 ---
Terms and Conditions of Securities 
Part 2: Additional Terms and Conditions 
Section 4 
Value Determination Terms 
 
 
388 
 
and Common Disrupted Days" or "Common Fund Business Days and Individual Disrupted Days" 
is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the next succeeding Common Fund 
Business Day, and (ii) if any Value Observation Date is a Disrupted Day, the provisions of, as 
applicable, Condition 9.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging Dates), Condition 
13.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging Dates) or Condition 15.1 (Market 
Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging Dates) shall apply mutatis mutandis as if such Value 
Observation Date were a Reference Date, and otherwise subject to adjustment in accordance with 
the Conditions. 
3. 
Floored Max Lookback Value 
If "Floored Max Lookback Value" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms or referred to in any 
other Value Determination Terms that are relevant to the applicable Issue Terms, the Relevant 
Underlying Value will be the value determined by the Determination Agent to be the greater of 
(A) the highest of, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, (i) the Spot Values, (ii) the Intraday 
Values, (iii) the Opening Values, (iv) the Closing Values or (v) the Commodity Specified Prices, 
observed on each Value Observation Date and (B) the Floor Value. 
where: 
"Floor Value" means the value specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"Spot Value", "Intraday Value", "Opening Value", "Closing Value" and "Commodity 
Specified Price" each has the meaning given to it in Sub-Section I above of this Section 4 (Value 
Determination Terms); and 
"Value Observation Dates" means the dates specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms (and 
may also be expressed as being each Scheduled Trading Day within specified dates), provided 
that, in the case of Equity-Linked Securities, Fund-Linked Securities and Futures Contract-Linked 
Securities (i) if any such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day or a Fund Business Day (as 
applicable), the relevant Value Observation Date shall (A) in the case of Equity-Linked Securities 
or Futures Contract-Linked Securities, be the next succeeding Scheduled Trading Day or, if either 
"Common Scheduled Trading Days and Common Disrupted Days" or "Common Scheduled 
Trading Days and Individual Disrupted Days" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, the next succeeding Common Scheduled Trading Day; or (B) in the case of Fund-Linked 
Securities, be the next succeeding Fund Business Day or, if either "Common Fund Business Days 
and Common Disrupted Days" or "Common Fund Business Days and Individual Disrupted Days" 
is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the next succeeding Common Fund 
Business Day, and (ii) if any Value Observation Date is a Disrupted Day, the provisions of, as 
applicable, Condition 9.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging Dates), Condition 
13.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging Dates) or Condition 15.1 (Market 
Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging Dates) shall apply mutatis mutandis as if such Value 
Observation Date were a Reference Date, and otherwise subject to adjustment in accordance with 
the Conditions. 
4. 
Floored Min Lookback Value 
If "Floored Max Lookback Value" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms or referred to in any 
other Value Determination Terms that are relevant to the applicable Issue Terms, the Relevant 
Underlying Value will be the value determined by the Determination Agent to be the greater of 
(A) the lowest of, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, (i) the Spot Values, (ii) the Intraday 
Values, (iii) the Opening Values, (iv) the Closing Values or (v) the Commodity Specified Prices, 
observed on each Value Observation Date and (B) the Floor Value. 
where: 
"Floor Value" means the value specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"Spot Value", "Intraday Value", "Opening Value", "Closing Value" and "Commodity 
Specified Price" each has the meaning given to it in Sub-Section I above of this Section 4 (Value 
Determination Terms); and 
"Value Observation Dates" means the dates specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms (and 
may also be expressed as being each Scheduled Trading Day within specified dates), provided

--- Page 389 ---
Terms and Conditions of Securities 
Part 2: Additional Terms and Conditions 
Section 4 
Value Determination Terms 
 
 
389 
 
that, in the case of Equity-Linked Securities, Fund-Linked Securities and Futures Contract-Linked 
Securities (i) if any such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day or a Fund Business Day (as 
applicable), the relevant Value Observation Date shall (A) in the case of Equity-Linked Securities 
or Futures Contract-Linked Securities, be the next succeeding Scheduled Trading Day or, if either 
"Common Scheduled Trading Days and Common Disrupted Days" or "Common Scheduled 
Trading Days and Individual Disrupted Days" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, the next succeeding Common Scheduled Trading Day; or (B) in the case of Fund-Linked 
Securities, be the next succeeding Fund Business Day or, if either "Common Fund Business Days 
and Common Disrupted Days" or "Common Fund Business Days and Individual Disrupted Days" 
is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the next succeeding Common Fund 
Business Day, and (ii) if any Value Observation Date is a Disrupted Day, the provisions of, as 
applicable, Condition 9.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging Dates), Condition 
13.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging Dates) or Condition 15.1 (Market 
Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging Dates) shall apply mutatis mutandis as if such Value 
Observation Date were a Reference Date, and otherwise subject to adjustment in accordance with 
the Conditions. 
5. 
Capped Max Lookback Value 
If "Capped Max Lookback Value" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms or referred to in any 
other Value Determination Terms that are relevant to the applicable Issue Terms, the Relevant 
Underlying Value will be the value determined by the Determination Agent to be the lesser of (A) 
the highest of, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, (i) the Spot Values, (ii) the Intraday 
Values, (iii) the Opening Values, (iv) the Closing Values or (v) the Commodity Specified Prices, 
observed on each Value Observation Date and (B) the Cap Value. 
where: 
"Cap Value" means the value specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"Spot Value", "Intraday Value", "Opening Value", "Closing Value" and "Commodity 
Specified Price" each has the meaning given to it in Sub-Section I above of this Section 4 (Value 
Determination Terms); and 
"Value Observation Dates" means the dates specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms (and 
may also be expressed as being each Scheduled Trading Day within specified dates), provided 
that, in the case of Equity-Linked Securities, Fund-Linked Securities and Futures Contract-Linked 
Securities (i) if any such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day or a Fund Business Day (as 
applicable), the relevant Value Observation Date shall (A) in the case of Equity-Linked Securities 
or Futures Contract-Linked Securities, be the next succeeding Scheduled Trading Day or, if either 
"Common Scheduled Trading Days and Common Disrupted Days" or "Common Scheduled 
Trading Days and Individual Disrupted Days" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, the next succeeding Common Scheduled Trading Day; or (B) in the case of Fund-Linked 
Securities, be the next succeeding Fund Business Day or, if either "Common Fund Business Days 
and Common Disrupted Days" or "Common Fund Business Days and Individual Disrupted Days" 
is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the next succeeding Common Fund 
Business Day, and (ii) if any Value Observation Date is a Disrupted Day, the provisions of, as 
applicable, Condition 9.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging Dates), Condition 
13.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging Dates) or Condition 15.1 (Market 
Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging Dates) shall apply mutatis mutandis as if such Value 
Observation Date were a Reference Date, and otherwise subject to adjustment in accordance with 
the Conditions. 
6. 
Capped Min Lookback Value 
If "Capped Min Lookback Value" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms or referred to in any 
other Value Determination Terms that are relevant to the applicable Issue Terms, the Relevant 
Underlying Value will be the value determined by the Determination Agent to be the lesser of (A) 
lowest of, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, (i) the Spot Values, (ii) the Intraday Values, 
(iii) the Opening Values, (iv) the Closing Values or (v) the Commodity Specified Prices, observed 
on each Value Observation Date and (B) the Cap Value.

--- Page 390 ---
Terms and Conditions of Securities 
Part 2: Additional Terms and Conditions 
Section 4 
Value Determination Terms 
 
 
390 
 
where:  
"Cap Value" means the value specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"Spot Value", "Intraday Value", "Opening Value", "Closing Value" and "Commodity 
Specified Price" each has the meaning given to it in Sub-Section I above of this Section 4 (Value 
Determination Terms); and 
"Value Observation Dates" means the dates specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms (and 
may also be expressed as being each Scheduled Trading Day within specified dates), provided 
that, in the case of Equity-Linked Securities, Fund-Linked Securities and Futures Contract-Linked 
Securities (i) if any such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day or a Fund Business Day (as 
applicable), the relevant Value Observation Date shall (A) in the case of Equity-Linked Securities 
or Futures Contract-Linked Securities, be the next succeeding Scheduled Trading Day or, if either 
"Common Scheduled Trading Days and Common Disrupted Days" or "Common Scheduled 
Trading Days and Individual Disrupted Days" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, the next succeeding Common Scheduled Trading Day; or (B) in the case of Fund-Linked 
Securities, be the next succeeding Fund Business Day or, if either "Common Fund Business Days 
and Common Disrupted Days" or "Common Fund Business Days and Individual Disrupted Days" 
is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the next succeeding Common Fund 
Business Day, and (ii) if any Value Observation Date is a Disrupted Day, the provisions of, as 
applicable, Condition 9.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging Dates), Condition 
13.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging Dates) or Condition 15.1 (Market 
Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging Dates) shall apply mutatis mutandis as if such Value 
Observation Date were a Reference Date, and otherwise subject to adjustment in accordance with 
the Conditions.

--- Page 391 ---
Terms and Conditions of Securities 
Part 2: Additional Terms and Conditions 
Section 4 
Value Determination Terms 
 
 
391 
 
 
Sub-Section III 
Average Value Determination Terms 
 
1. 
Average Value 
If "Average Value" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the Relevant Underlying Value will 
be equal to the arithmetic mean of, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, (i) the Spot Values, 
(ii) the Intraday Values, (iii) the Opening Values, (iv) the Closing Values or (v) the Commodity 
Specified Prices, of the Relevant Underlying on each of the Averaging Dates 
where: 
"Averaging Dates" means the dates specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the Conditions; and 
"Spot Value", "Intraday Value", "Opening Value", "Closing Value" and "Commodity 
Specified Price" each has the meaning given to it in Sub-Section I above of this Section 4 (Value 
Determination Terms). 
2. 
Individually Floored Average Value 
If "Individually Floored Average Value" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the Relevant 
Underlying Value will be the value determined by the Determination Agent to be equal to the 
arithmetic mean of the values for each Averaging Date equal to the greater of:  (a) the Basic Value 
Determination Term applicable to the Relevant Underlying as of such Averaging Date; and (b) the 
Floor Value in respect of the Relevant Underlying as of such Averaging Date, and determined in 
accordance with the following formula: 
(A) 
if "Spot Value" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms: 
Relevant Underlying Value= ∑1
n × Max [Floor Value; Spot Valuei
n
i=1
] 
(B) 
if "Intraday Value" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms: 
Relevant Underlying Value = ∑1
n × Max [Floor Value; Intraday Valuei
n
i=1
] 
(C) 
if "Opening Value" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms: 
Relevant Underlying Value = ∑1
n × Max [Floor Value; Opening Valuei
n
i=1
] 
(D) 
if "Closing Value" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms: 
Relevant Underlying Value = ∑1
n × Max [Floor Value; Closing Valuei
n
i=1
] 
(E) 
if  a "Commodity Specified Price" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms: 
Relevant Underlying Value = Min [Global Cap Value; ∑1
n
n
i=1
× Commodity Specified Pricei]

--- Page 392 ---
Terms and Conditions of Securities 
Part 2: Additional Terms and Conditions 
Section 4 
Value Determination Terms 
 
 
392 
 
where: 
"i" is a series of numbers from one to n, each representing an Averaging Date; 
"n" means the number of Averaging Dates; 
"Averaging Dates" means the dates specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the Conditions; 
"Spot Value", "Intraday Value", "Opening Value", "Closing Value" and "Commodity 
Specified Price" each has the meaning given to it in Sub-Section I above of this Section 4 (Value 
Determination Terms) 
"Spot Valuei" means the Spot Value of the Relevant Underlying on the relevant Averaging Date; 
"Intraday Valuei" means the Intraday Value of the Relevant Underlying on the relevant 
Averaging Date; 
"Opening Valuei" means the Opening Value of the Relevant Underlying on the relevant 
Averaging Date; 
"Closing Valuei" means the Closing Value of the Relevant Underlying on the relevant Averaging 
Date; 
"Commodity Specified Pricei" means the Commodity Specified Price of the Relevant Underlying 
on the relevant Averaging Date; and 
"Floor Value" means the value specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
3. 
Individually Capped Average Value 
If "Individually Capped Average Value" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the Relevant 
Underlying Value will be the value determined by the Determination Agent to be equal to the 
arithmetic mean of the values for each Averaging Date equal to the lower of:  (a) the Basic Value 
Determination Term applicable to the Relevant Underlying as of such Averaging Date; and (b) the 
Cap Value in respect of such Relevant Underlying as of such Averaging Date and determined in 
accordance with the following formula: 
(A) 
if "Spot Value" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms: 
Relevant Underlying Value= ∑1
n  × Min [Cap Value; Spot Valuei
n
i=1
] 
(B) 
if "Intraday Value" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms: 
Relevant Underlying Value = ∑1
n  × Min [Cap Value; Intraday Valuei
n
i=1
] 
(C) 
if "Opening Value" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms: 
Relevant Underlying Value = ∑1
n × Min [Cap Value; Opening Valuei
n
i=1
] 
(D) 
if "Closing Value" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms: 
Relevant Underlying Value = ∑1
n × Min [Cap Value; Closing Valuei
n
i=1
] 
(E) 
if a "Commodity Specified Price" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms: 
Relevant Underlying Value= ∑1
n  × Min [Cap Value; Commodity Specified Pricei
n
i=1
] 
where:

--- Page 393 ---
Terms and Conditions of Securities 
Part 2: Additional Terms and Conditions 
Section 4 
Value Determination Terms 
 
 
393 
 
"i" is a series of numbers from one to n, each representing an Averaging Date; 
"n" means the number of Averaging Dates; 
"Averaging Dates" means the dates specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the Conditions; 
"Spot Value", "Intraday Value", "Opening Value", "Closing Value" and "Commodity 
Specified Price" each has the meaning given to it in Sub-Section I above of this Section 4 (Value 
Determination Terms) 
"Spot Valuei" means the Spot Value of the Relevant Underlying on the relevant Averaging Date; 
"Intraday Valuei" means the Intraday Value of the Relevant Underlying on the relevant 
Averaging Date; 
"Opening Valuei" means the Opening Value of the Relevant Underlying on the relevant 
Averaging Date; 
"Closing Valuei" means the Closing Value of the Relevant Underlying on the relevant Averaging 
Date; 
"Commodity Specified Pricei" means the Commodity Specified Price of the Relevant Underlying 
on the relevant Averaging Date; and 
"Cap Value" means the value specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
4. 
Globally Floored Average Value 
If "Globally Floored Average Value" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the Relevant 
Underlying Value will be the value determined by the Determination Agent to be equal to the 
greater of:  (a) arithmetic mean of the Basic Value Determination Term applicable to the Relevant 
Underlying as of each of the Averaging Dates; and (b) the Global Floor Value, and determined in 
accordance with the following formula: 
(A) 
if "Spot Value" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms: 
Relevant Underlying Value = Max [Global Floor Value; ∑1
n
n
i=1
× Spot Valuei] 
(B) 
if "Intraday Value" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms: 
Relevant Underlying Value = Max [Global Floor Value; ∑1
n
n
i=1
× Intraday Valuei] 
(C) 
if "Opening Value" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms: 
Relevant Underlying Value = Max [Global Floor Value; ∑1
n
n
i=1
× Opening Valuei] 
(D) 
if "Closing Value" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms: 
Relevant Underlying Value = Max [Global Floor Value; ∑1
n
n
i=1
× Closing Valuei] 
(E) 
if a "Commodity Specified Price" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms: 
Relevant Underlying Value = Max [Global Floor Value; ∑1
n
n
i=1
 × Commodity Specified Pricei]

--- Page 394 ---
Terms and Conditions of Securities 
Part 2: Additional Terms and Conditions 
Section 4 
Value Determination Terms 
 
 
394 
 
where: 
"i" is a series of numbers from one to n, each representing an Averaging Date; 
"n" means the number of Averaging Dates; 
"Averaging Dates" means the dates specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the Conditions; 
"Spot Value", "Intraday Value", "Opening Value", "Closing Value" and "Commodity 
Specified Price" each has the meaning given to it in Sub-Section I above of this Section 4 (Value 
Determination Terms); 
"Spot Valuei" means the Spot Value of the Relevant Underlying on the relevant Averaging Date; 
"Intraday Valuei" means the Intraday Value of the Relevant Underlying on the relevant 
Averaging Date; 
"Opening Valuei" means the Opening Value of the Relevant Underlying on the relevant 
Averaging Date; 
"Closing Valuei" means the Closing Value of the Relevant Underlying on the relevant Averaging 
Date; 
"Commodity Specified Pricei" means the Commodity Specified Price of the Relevant Underlying 
on the relevant Averaging Date; and 
"Global Floor Value" means the value specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
5. 
Globally Capped Average Value 
If "Globally Capped Average Value" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the Relevant 
Underlying Value will be the value determined by the Determination Agent to be equal to the 
lower of:  (a) the arithmetic mean of the Basic Value Determination Term applicable to the 
Relevant Underlying as of each of the Averaging Dates; and (b) the Global Cap Value, and 
determined in accordance with the following formula: 
(A) 
if "Spot Value" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms: 
Relevant Underlying Value = Min [Global Cap Value; ∑1
n
n
i=1
× Spot Valuei] 
(B) 
if "Intraday Value" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms: 
Relevant Underlying Value = Min [Global Cap Value; ∑1
n
n
i=1
 × Intraday Valuei] 
(C) 
if "Opening Value" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms: 
Relevant Underlying Value = Min [Global Cap Value; ∑1
n
n
i=1
 × Opening Valuei] 
(D) 
if "Closing Value" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms: 
Relevant Underlying Value = Min [Global Cap Value; ∑1
n
n
i=1
 × Closing Valuei] 
(E) 
if a "Commodity Specified Price" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms:

--- Page 395 ---
Terms and Conditions of Securities 
Part 2: Additional Terms and Conditions 
Section 4 
Value Determination Terms 
 
 
395 
 
Relevant Underlying Value = Min [Global Cap Value; ∑1
n
n
i=1
 × Commodity Specified Pricei] 
where: 
"i" is a series of numbers from one to n, each representing an Averaging Date; 
"n" means the number of Averaging Dates; 
"Averaging Dates" means the dates specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the Conditions; 
"Spot Value", "Intraday Value", "Opening Value", "Closing Value" and "Commodity 
Specified Price" each has the meaning given to it in Sub-Section I above of this Section 4 (Value 
Determination Terms); 
"Spot Valuei" means the Spot Value of the Relevant Underlying on the relevant Averaging Date; 
"Intraday Valuei" means the Intraday Value of the Relevant Underlying on the relevant 
Averaging Date; 
"Opening Valuei" means the Opening Value of the Relevant Underlying on the relevant 
Averaging Date; 
"Closing Valuei" means the Closing Value of the Relevant Underlying on the relevant Averaging 
Date; 
"Commodity Specified Pricei" means the Commodity Specified Price of the Relevant Underlying 
on the relevant Averaging Date; and 
"Global Cap Value" means the value specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms.

--- Page 396 ---
Terms and Conditions of Securities 
Part 2: Additional Terms and Conditions 
Section 4 
Value Determination Terms 
 
 
396 
 
Sub-Section IV 
Strategy Price Value Determination Terms 
 
1. 
Strategy Level 
 
              If the applicable Issue Terms specify "Strategy Price" to be applicable, the Strategy Level will be 
the value determined by the Determination Agent to be equal to:  
(A) 
if "Closing Value with Dividend Adjusted Performance" is applicable as specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms, in accordance with following formula:  
Strategy Value(t) = Relevant Underlying Value(t
−1) × [
(𝐅𝐢𝐱𝐢𝐧𝐠(𝐭) + 𝐀𝐜𝐭𝐮𝐚𝐥 𝐃𝐢𝐯𝐢𝐝𝐞𝐧𝐝(𝐭))
𝐅𝐢𝐱𝐢𝐧𝐠(t −1)
−
(𝐗 × Pre −Defined Dividend)
𝟑𝟔𝟓
] 
(B) 
if (A) does not apply:  
(i) 
if "Strategy Calculation (Closing Value)" is applicable as specified in the   
applicable Issue Terms, in accordance with the following formula: 
Strategy Level(t) = Strategy Level(t-1) × [
𝐂𝐥𝐨𝐬𝐢𝐧𝐠 𝐕𝐚𝐥𝐮𝐞(𝐭)
𝐂𝐥𝐨𝐬𝐢𝐧𝐠 𝐕𝐚𝐥𝐮𝐞(t-1) −
[𝐀−(𝐁×𝐃𝐚𝐲 𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐧𝐭 )]
𝟑𝟔𝟓
]; or  
(ii)  if "Strategy Calculation (Opening Value)" is applicable as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, in accordance with the following formula:  
Strategy Level(t) = Strategy Level(t-1) × [
𝐎𝐩𝐞𝐧𝐢𝐧𝐠 𝐕𝐚𝐥𝐮𝐞(𝐭)
𝐎𝐩𝐞𝐧𝐢𝐧𝐠 𝐕𝐚𝐥𝐮𝐞(t-1) −
[𝐀−(𝐁×𝐃𝐚𝐲 𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐧𝐭 )]
𝟑𝟔𝟓
]; or  
(iii)  if "Strategy Calculation (Intraday Value)" is applicable as specified in th 
applicable Issue Terms, in accordance with the following formula:  
Strategy Level(t) = Strategy Level(t-1) × [ 𝐈𝐧𝐭𝐫𝐚𝐝𝐚𝐲 𝐕𝐚𝐥𝐮𝐞(𝐭)
𝐈𝐧𝐭𝐫𝐚𝐝𝐚𝐲 𝐕𝐚𝐥𝐮𝐞(t-1) −[𝐀−(𝐁× 𝐃𝐚𝐲 𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐧𝐭 )]
𝟑𝟔𝟓
] 
Where:  
"A" means a number specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"B" means a percentage specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Actual Dividend" means, in respect of a Share and for an Ex-Dividend Date for such Share, an 
amount as determined by the Determination Agent equal to a Gross Dividend in respect of that 
Share (other than any extraordinary or special dividend and before deduction of any applicable 
taxes, fees or expenses) which would be received by a registered holder of such Share, provided 
that, if the Actual Dividend is paid in a currency (the "Actual Dividend Currency") other than 
the currency in which the Share is traded on the relevant Exchange (the "Relevant Underlying 
Currency"), then the amount of the Actual Dividend will be converted into the Relevant 
Underlying Currency using the current spot exchange rate of the Actual Dividend Currency for the 
Relevant Underlying Currency (the "FX Rate"), as determined by the Determination Agent on the 
official mid exchange rate of the relevant FX Rate as published on the relevant Reuters pages at 
or around 4.00 p.m. London time on the relevant date and provided that if such amount is not

--- Page 397 ---
Terms and Conditions of Securities 
Part 2: Additional Terms and Conditions 
Section 4 
Value Determination Terms 
 
 
397 
 
published, then the Determination Agent shall determine the FX Rate acting in good faith and in 
a commercially reasonable manner. 
"Closing Value" has the meaning given to it in Section 4 (Value Determination Terms) and 
"Closing Value(t)" means the Closing Value of the Relevant Underlying on any relevant 
Observation Date(t).  
"Day Count" means the number of calendar days from, but excluding, Observation Date(t-1) to, and 
including, Observation Date(t).  
"Dividend Screen Page" means, in respect of a Share, the display page, other published source, 
information vendor or provider specified for such Share in the applicable Issue Terms (or any 
successor display page, other published source, information vendor or provider determined by the 
Determination Agent). 
"Ex-Dividend Date" means, with respect to a Share and an Actual Dividend, the first date on 
which such Share trades on the relevant Exchange without the right to receive such Actual 
Dividend, as specified for that Share on the relevant Dividend Screen Page. 
"Exchange" has the meaning given to it in Condition 9.9 (Definitions applicable to Equity-Linked 
Securities). 
"Fixing(t)" means the Closing Value of the Relevant Underlying on any Business Day(t) from, but 
excluding, the Strike Date to, and including, the Determination Date. 
"Gross Dividend" means, in respect of a Relevant Underlying, an amount per share of the 
Relevant Underlying as declared by the issuer of the Relevant Underlying and as specified on the 
relevant Dividend Screen Page, before the withholding or deduction of taxes at source by or on 
behalf of any applicable authority having power to tax in respect of such a dividend (an 
"Applicable Authority"), and shall exclude: 
(a) 
any imputation or other credits, refunds or deductions granted by an Applicable 
 
Authority (together, the "Credits"); and 
(b) 
any taxes, credits, refunds or benefits imposed, withheld, assessed or levied on the 
 
Credits referred to in (a) above, 
provided that, (i) if the issuer of the Relevant Underlying does not declare a cash value of such 
dividend, the Gross Dividend shall be an amount determined by the Determination Agent on the 
basis of the closing price of the share comprising such stock dividend as published by the relevant 
primary exchange on the Ex-Dividend Date (the "Stock Dividend Closing Price") and, (ii) if the

--- Page 398 ---
Terms and Conditions of Securities 
Part 2: Additional Terms and Conditions 
Section 4 
Value Determination Terms 
 
 
398 
 
Stock Dividend Closing Price is not available for any reason, the Gross Dividend shall be 
determined by the Determination Agent. 
"Intraday Value" has the meaning given to it in Section 4 (Value Determination Terms) and 
"Intraday Value(t)" means the Intraday Value of the Relevant Underlying on any relevant 
Observation Date(t). 
"Observation Date" has the meaning given to it in Condition 9.9 (Definitions applicable to Equity-
Linked Securities). 
"Opening Value" has the meaning given it to it in Section 4 (Value Determination Terms) and 
"Opening Value(t)" means the Opening Value of the Relevant Underlying on any relevant 
Observation Date(t). 
"Pre-Defined Dividend" means, in respect of a Share, the amount specified for such Share in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
"Strike Date" has the meaning given to it in Condition 2.1 (Definitions). 
"t" means any Business Day from, but excluding, the Strike Date to, and including, the 
Determination Date. 
"t-1" means, in respect of any Business Day(t), the Business Day immediately preceding such 
Business Day(t). 
"X" means the number of calendar days from, but excluding, Business Day(t-1) to, and including, 
Business Days(t).

--- Page 399 ---
Terms and Conditions of Securities 
Part 2: Additional Terms and Conditions 
Section 5 
Performance Determination Terms 
 
 
399 
 
Section 5 
Performance Determination Terms 
 
Where the performance of the Relevant Underlying is to be determined for the purposes of determining any 
Interest Amount, any Early Redemption Amount or the Final Redemption Amount for the Linked Securities 
of any Series, the value of such performance will be determined applying the provisions of one or more of 
the paragraphs set out below in this Section 5 (Performance Determination Terms) (each, "Performance 
Determination Terms") as specified in the applicable Issue Terms.  For the purposes of such provisions, 
"Performance Determination Date" means, as applicable, the Interest Determination Date, Valuation 
Date, Automatic Early Redemption Determination, Determination Date, CMS Reference Rate 
Determination Date or any other date in these Additional Terms and Conditions as of which performance 
is to be determined, provided that, in the case of Equity-Linked Securities, Fund-Linked Securities and 
Futures Contract-Linked Securities (i) if any such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day or a Fund Business 
Day (as applicable), the relevant Performance Determination Date shall (A) in the case of Equity-Linked 
Securities or Futures Contract-Linked Securities, be the next succeeding Scheduled Trading Day or, if either 
"Common Scheduled Trading Days and Common Disrupted Days" or "Common Scheduled Trading Days 
and Individual Disrupted Days" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the next 
succeeding Common Scheduled Trading Day; or (B) in the case of Fund-Linked Securities, be the next 
succeeding Fund Business Day or, if either "Common Fund Business Days and Common Disrupted Days" 
or "Common Fund Business Days and Individual Disrupted Days" is specified to be applicable in the 
relevant Issue Terms, the next succeeding Common Fund Business Day, and (ii) if any Performance 
Determination Date is a Disrupted Day, the provisions of, as applicable, Condition 9.1 (Market Disruption, 
Reference Dates and Averaging Dates), Condition 13.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates and 
Averaging Dates) or Condition 15.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging Dates) shall apply 
mutatis mutandis as if such Performance Determination Date were a Reference Date, and otherwise subject 
to adjustment in accordance with the Conditions. The "Relevant Underlying Performance" of a Relevant 
Underlying shall be the "Performance" determined in accordance with this Section 5.  
Sub-Section I 
Performance Determination Terms for Securities linked to a single Share, Index, ETF Interest, 
Commodity, Currency, Fund Interest, Inflation Index, Futures Contract or CMS Reference Rate 
1. 
Basic Performance 
If "Basic Performance" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the Performance will be 
determined by the Determination Agent as of the relevant Performance Determination Date: 
(a) 
Unless "Put Performance" is specified as being applicable, in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Performance = Performance Rate × (
Final Reference Value
Applicable Initial Reference Value - Strike) 
(b) 
If "Put Performance" is specified as being applicable, in accordance with the following formula: 
Performance = Performance Rate × (Strike - 
Final Reference Value
Applicable Initial Reference Value) 
where: 
"Performance Rate" means the percentage rate specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"Strike" means the value specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"Final Reference Value" means the Relevant Underlying Value as of the relevant Performance 
Determination Date as determined by the Determination Agent in accordance with such provisions 
of Section 4 (Value Determination Terms) as are specified as being applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms;

--- Page 400 ---
Terms and Conditions of Securities 
Part 2: Additional Terms and Conditions 
Section 5 
Performance Determination Terms 
 
 
400 
 
"Applicable Initial Reference Value" means a value equal to the product of the Initial Reference 
Value and the Specified Percentage; 
"Initial Reference Value" means, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, either the value 
specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms or the Relevant Underlying Value as of the Initial 
Reference Value Determination Date(s) as determined by the Determination Agent in accordance 
with such provisions of Section 4 (Value Determination Terms) as are specified as being applicable 
in the applicable Issue Terms;  
"Initial Reference Value Determination Date(s)" means the date(s) specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms (which may include, without limitation, the Determination Date, each 
Averaging Date or each Observation Date), provided that, (I) in the case of Equity-Linked 
Securities, Fund-Linked Securities and Futures Contract-Linked Securities (i) if any such date is 
not a Scheduled Trading Day or a Fund Business Day (as applicable), the relevant Initial Reference 
Value Determination Date shall (A) in the case of Equity-Linked Securities or Futures Contract-
Linked Securities, be the next succeeding Scheduled Trading Day or, if either "Common 
Scheduled Trading Days and Common Disrupted Days" or "Common Scheduled Trading Days 
and Individual Disrupted Days" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the next 
succeeding Common Scheduled Trading Day; or (B) in the case of Fund-Linked Securities, be the 
next succeeding Fund Business Day or, if either "Common Fund Business Days and Common 
Disrupted Days" or "Common Fund Business Days and Individual Disrupted Days" is specified to 
be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the next succeeding Common Fund Business Day, and 
(ii) if any Initial Reference Value Determination Date is a Disrupted Day, the provisions of, as 
applicable, Condition 9.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging Dates), Condition 
13.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging Dates) or Condition 15.1 (Market 
Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging Dates) shall apply mutatis mutandis as if such Initial 
Reference Value Determination Date were a Reference Date, and otherwise subject to adjustment 
in accordance with the Conditions, and (II) if no such date is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the Initial Reference Value Determination Date shall be the Strike Date; 
"Specified Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms 
provided that if no such percentage is specified, the Specified Percentage shall be equal to 100 per 
cent. 
2. 
Cliquet Performance 
If "Cliquet Performance" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the Performance will be 
determined by the Determination Agent as of the relevant Performance Determination Date: 
(a) 
Unless "Put Performance" is specified as being applicable, in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Performance = Performance Rate × (Final Reference Value
PIDD Reference Value - Strike) 
(b) 
If "Put Performance" is specified as being applicable, in accordance with the following formula: 
Performance = Performance Rate × (Strike - Final Reference Value
PIDD Reference Value) 
where: 
"Performance Rate" means the percentage rate specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"Strike" means the value specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"Final Reference Value" means the Relevant Underlying Value as of the relevant Performance 
Determination Date as determined by the Determination Agent in accordance with such provisions 
of Section 4 (Value Determination Terms) as are specified as being applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms; and 
"PIDD Reference Value" means the Relevant Underlying Value as of the Interest Determination 
Date immediately preceding the relevant Performance Determination Date, or, if there is no such

--- Page 401 ---
Terms and Conditions of Securities 
Part 2: Additional Terms and Conditions 
Section 5 
Performance Determination Terms 
 
 
401 
 
Interest Determination Date, the Relevant Underlying Value as of the Strike Date, in each case as 
determined by the Determination Agent in accordance with such provisions of Section 4 (Value 
Determination Terms) as are specified as being applicable in the applicable Issue Terms. 
3. 
Capped Performance 
If "Capped Performance" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the Performance will be 
determined by the Determination Agent as of the relevant Performance Determination Date: 
(a) 
Unless "Put Performance" is specified as being applicable, in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Performance = Performance Rate x Min (Cap; 
Final Reference Value
Applicable Initial Reference Value  -Strike) 
(b) 
If "Put Performance" is specified as being applicable, in accordance with the following formula: 
Performance = Performance Rate x Min (Cap; Strike -
Final Reference Value
Applicable Initial Reference Value) 
where: 
"Performance Rate" means the percentage rate specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"Strike" means the value specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"Cap" means the value specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"Final Reference Value" means the Relevant Underlying Value as of the relevant Performance 
Determination Date as determined by the Determination Agent in accordance with such provisions 
of Section 4 (Value Determination Terms) as are specified as being applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms;  
"Applicable Initial Reference Value" means a value equal to the product of the Initial Reference 
Value and the Specified Percentage; 
"Initial Reference Value" means, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, either the value 
specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms or the Relevant Underlying Value as of the Initial 
Reference Value Determination Date(s) as determined by the Determination Agent in accordance 
with such provisions of Section 4 (Value Determination Terms) as are specified as being applicable 
in the applicable Issue Terms;  
"Initial Reference Value Determination Date(s)" means the date(s) specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms (which may include, without limitation, the Determination Date, each 
Averaging Date or each Observation Date), provided that, (I) in the case of Equity-Linked 
Securities, Fund-Linked Securities and Futures Contract-Linked Securities (i) if any such date is 
not a Scheduled Trading Day or a Fund Business Day (as applicable), the relevant Initial Reference 
Value Determination Date shall (A) in the case of Equity-Linked Securities or Futures Contract-
Linked Securities, be the next succeeding Scheduled Trading Day or, if either "Common 
Scheduled Trading Days and Common Disrupted Days" or "Common Scheduled Trading Days 
and Individual Disrupted Days" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the next 
succeeding Common Scheduled Trading Day; or (B) in the case of Fund-Linked Securities, be the 
next succeeding Fund Business Day or, if either "Common Fund Business Days and Common 
Disrupted Days" or "Common Fund Business Days and Individual Disrupted Days" is specified to 
be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the next succeeding Common Fund Business Day, and 
(ii) if any Initial Reference Value Determination Date is a Disrupted Day, the provisions of, as 
applicable, Condition 9.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging Dates), Condition 
13.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging Dates) or Condition 15.1 (Market 
Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging Dates) shall apply mutatis mutandis as if such Initial 
Reference Value Determination Date were a Reference Date, and otherwise subject to adjustment 
in accordance with the Conditions, and (II) if no such date is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the Initial Reference Value Determination Date shall be the Strike Date; and

--- Page 402 ---
Terms and Conditions of Securities 
Part 2: Additional Terms and Conditions 
Section 5 
Performance Determination Terms 
 
 
402 
 
 
"Specified Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms 
provided that if no such percentage is specified, the Specified Percentage shall be equal to 100 per 
cent. 
4. 
Floored Performance 
If "Floored Performance" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the Performance will be 
determined by the Determination Agent as of the relevant Performance Determination Date: 
(a) 
Unless "Put Performance" is specified as being applicable, in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Performance = Performance Rate × Max (Floor; 
Final Reference Value
Applicable Initial Reference Value
- Strike) 
(b) 
If "Put Performance" is specified as being applicable, in accordance with the following formula: 
Performance = Performance Rate × Max (Floor; Strike - 
Final Reference Value
Applicable Initial Reference Value) 
where: 
"Performance Rate" means the percentage rate specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"Strike" means the value specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"Floor" means the value specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"Final Reference Value" means the Relevant Underlying Value as of the relevant Performance 
Determination Date as determined by the Determination Agent in accordance with such provisions 
of Section 4 (Value Determination Terms) as are specified as being applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms; 
"Applicable Initial Reference Value" means a value equal to the product of the Initial Reference 
Value and the Specified Percentage; 
"Initial Reference Value" means, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, either the value 
specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms or the Relevant Underlying Value as of the Initial 
Reference Value Determination Date(s) as determined by the Determination Agent in accordance 
with such provisions of Section 4 (Value Determination Terms) as are specified as being applicable 
in the applicable Issue Terms;  
"Initial Reference Value Determination Date(s)" means the date(s) specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms (which may include, without limitation, the Determination Date, each 
Averaging Date or each Observation Date), provided that, (I) in the case of Equity-Linked 
Securities, Fund-Linked Securities and Futures Contract-Linked Securities (i) if any such date is 
not a Scheduled Trading Day or a Fund Business Day (as applicable), the relevant Initial Reference 
Value Determination Date shall (A) in the case of Equity-Linked Securities or Futures Contract-
Linked Securities, be the next succeeding Scheduled Trading Day or, if either "Common 
Scheduled Trading Days and Common Disrupted Days" or "Common Scheduled Trading Days 
and Individual Disrupted Days" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the next 
succeeding Common Scheduled Trading Day; or (B) in the case of Fund-Linked Securities, be the 
next succeeding Fund Business Day or, if either "Common Fund Business Days and Common 
Disrupted Days" or "Common Fund Business Days and Individual Disrupted Days" is specified to 
be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the next succeeding Common Fund Business Day, and 
(ii) if any Initial Reference Value Determination Date is a Disrupted Day, the provisions of, as 
applicable, Condition 9.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging Dates), Condition 
13.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging Dates) or Condition 15.1 (Market 
Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging Dates) shall apply mutatis mutandis as if such Initial

--- Page 403 ---
Terms and Conditions of Securities 
Part 2: Additional Terms and Conditions 
Section 5 
Performance Determination Terms 
 
 
403 
 
Reference Value Determination Date were a Reference Date, and otherwise subject to adjustment 
in accordance with the Conditions, and (II) if no such date is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the Initial Reference Value Determination Date shall be the Strike Date; and 
"Specified Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms 
provided that if no such percentage is specified, the Specified Percentage shall be equal to 100 per 
cent. 
5. 
Capped & Floored Performance 
If "Capped & Floored Performance" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the Performance 
will be determined by the Determination Agent as of the relevant Performance Determination 
Date: 
(a) 
Unless "Put Performance" is specified as being applicable, in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Performance = Performance Rate × Min (Cap; Max [Floor; 
Final Reference Value
Applicable Initial Reference Value
- Strike]) 
(b) 
If "Put Performance" is specified as being applicable, in accordance with the following formula: 
Performance = Performance Rate × Min (Cap; Max [Floor; Strike - 
Final Reference Value
Applicable Initial Reference Value ]) 
where: 
"Performance Rate" means the percentage rate specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"Strike" means the value specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"Cap" means the value specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"Floor" means the value specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"Final Reference Value" means the Relevant Underlying Value as of the relevant Performance 
Determination Date as determined by the Determination Agent in accordance with such provisions 
of Section 4 (Value Determination Terms) as are specified as being applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms; 
"Applicable Initial Reference Value" means a value equal to the product of the Initial Reference 
Value and the Specified Percentage; 
"Initial Reference Value" means, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, either the value 
specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms or the Relevant Underlying Value as of the Initial 
Reference Value Determination Date(s) as determined by the Determination Agent in accordance 
with such provisions of Section 4 (Value Determination Terms) as are specified as being applicable 
in the applicable Issue Terms;  
"Initial Reference Value Determination Date(s)" means the date(s) specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms (which may include, without limitation, the Determination Date, each 
Averaging Date or each Observation Date), provided that, (I) in the case of Equity-Linked 
Securities, Fund-Linked Securities and Futures Contract-Linked Securities (i) if any such date is 
not a Scheduled Trading Day or a Fund Business Day (as applicable), the relevant Initial Reference 
Value Determination Date shall (A) in the case of Equity-Linked Securities or Futures Contract-
Linked Securities, be the next succeeding Scheduled Trading Day or, if either "Common 
Scheduled Trading Days and Common Disrupted Days" or "Common Scheduled Trading Days 
and Individual Disrupted Days" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the next 
succeeding Common Scheduled Trading Day; or (B) in the case of Fund-Linked Securities, be the 
next succeeding Fund Business Day or, if either "Common Fund Business Days and Common 
Disrupted Days" or "Common Fund Business Days and Individual Disrupted Days" is specified to

--- Page 404 ---
Terms and Conditions of Securities 
Part 2: Additional Terms and Conditions 
Section 5 
Performance Determination Terms 
 
 
404 
 
be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the next succeeding Common Fund Business Day, and 
(ii) if any Initial Reference Value Determination Date is a Disrupted Day, the provisions of, as 
applicable, Condition 9.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging Dates), Condition 
13.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging Dates) or Condition 15.1 (Market 
Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging Dates) shall apply mutatis mutandis as if such Initial 
Reference Value Determination Date were a Reference Date, and otherwise subject to adjustment 
in accordance with the Conditions, and (II) if no such date is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the Initial Reference Value Determination Date shall be the Strike Date; and 
"Specified Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms 
provided that if no such percentage is specified, the Specified Percentage shall be equal to 100 per 
cent. 
6. 
Absolute Basic Performance 
If "Absolute Basic Performance" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the Performance will 
be determined by the Determination Agent as of the relevant Performance Determination Date: 
(a) 
Unless "Put Performance" is specified as being applicable, in accordance with the following 
formula (treating as an absolute value any negative value resulting from the division of the Final 
Reference Value by the Initial Reference Value and the subsequent subtraction of 1): 
Performance = Performance Rate × │ 
Final Reference Value
Applicable Initial Reference Value  - Strike│ 
(b) 
If "Put Performance" is specified as being applicable, in accordance with the following formula 
(treating as an absolute value any negative value resulting from the division of the Final Reference 
Value by the Initial Reference Value and the subsequent subtraction of the result from 1): 
Performance = Performance Rate × │Strike -  
Final Reference Value
Applicable Initial Reference Value │ 
where: 
"Performance Rate" means the percentage rate specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"Strike" means the value specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"Final Reference Value" means the Relevant Underlying Value as of the relevant Performance 
Determination Date as determined by the Determination Agent in accordance with such provisions 
of Section 4 (Value Determination Terms) as are specified as being applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms; 
"Applicable Initial Reference Value" means a value equal to the product of the Initial Reference 
Value and the Specified Percentage; 
"Initial Reference Value" means, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, either the value 
specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms or the Relevant Underlying Value as of the Initial 
Reference Value Determination Date(s) as determined by the Determination Agent in accordance 
with such provisions of Section 4 (Value Determination Terms) as are specified as being applicable 
in the applicable Issue Terms;  
"Initial Reference Value Determination Date(s)" means the date(s) specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms (which may include, without limitation, the Determination Date, each 
Averaging Date or each Observation Date), provided that, (I) in the case of Equity-Linked 
Securities, Fund-Linked Securities and Futures Contract-Linked Securities (i) if any such date is 
not a Scheduled Trading Day or a Fund Business Day (as applicable), the relevant Initial Reference 
Value Determination Date shall (A) in the case of Equity-Linked Securities or Futures Contract-
Linked Securities, be the next succeeding Scheduled Trading Day or, if either "Common 
Scheduled Trading Days and Common Disrupted Days" or "Common Scheduled Trading Days 
and Individual Disrupted Days" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the next 
succeeding Common Scheduled Trading Day; or (B) in the case of Fund-Linked Securities, be the

--- Page 405 ---
Terms and Conditions of Securities 
Part 2: Additional Terms and Conditions 
Section 5 
Performance Determination Terms 
 
 
405 
 
next succeeding Fund Business Day or, if either "Common Fund Business Days and Common 
Disrupted Days" or "Common Fund Business Days and Individual Disrupted Days" is specified to 
be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the next succeeding Common Fund Business Day, and 
(ii) if any Initial Reference Value Determination Date is a Disrupted Day, the provisions of, as 
applicable, Condition 9.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging Dates), Condition 
13.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging Dates) or Condition 15.1 (Market 
Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging Dates) shall apply mutatis mutandis as if such Initial 
Reference Value Determination Date were a Reference Date, and otherwise subject to adjustment 
in accordance with the Conditions, and (II) if no such date is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the Initial Reference Value Determination Date shall be the Strike Date; and 
"Specified Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms 
provided that if no such percentage is specified, the Specified Percentage shall be equal to 100 per 
cent. 
7. 
Absolute Capped Performance 
If "Absolute Capped Performance" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the Performance 
will be determined by the Determination Agent as of the relevant Performance Determination 
Date: 
(a) 
Unless "Put Performance" is specified as being applicable, in accordance with the following 
formula (treating as an absolute value any negative value resulting from the division of the Final 
Reference Value by the Initial Reference Value and the subsequent subtraction of 1): 
Performance = Performance Rate × Min [Cap; │(
Final Reference Value
Applicable Initial Reference Value  - Strike)  │] 
(b) 
If "Put Performance" is specified as being applicable, in accordance with the following formula 
(treating as an absolute value any negative value resulting from the division of the Final Reference 
Value by the Initial Reference Value and the subsequent subtraction of the resultant value from 
1): 
Performance = Performance Rate × Min [Cap; │(Strike- 
Final Reference Value
Applicable Initial Reference Value)  │] 
where: 
"Performance Rate" means the percentage rate specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"Strike" means the value specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"Cap" means the value specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"Final Reference Value" means the Relevant Underlying Value as of the relevant Performance 
Determination Date as determined by the Determination Agent in accordance with such provisions 
of Section 4 (Value Determination Terms) as are specified as being applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms; 
"Applicable Initial Reference Value" means a value equal to the product of the Initial Reference 
Value and the Specified Percentage;  
"Initial Reference Value" means, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, either the value 
specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms or the Relevant Underlying Value as of the Initial 
Reference Value Determination Date(s) as determined by the Determination Agent in accordance 
with such provisions of Section 4 (Value Determination Terms) as are specified as being applicable 
in the applicable Issue Terms;  
"Initial Reference Value Determination Date(s)" means the date(s) specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms (which may include, without limitation, the Determination Date, each 
Averaging Date or each Observation Date), provided that, (I) in the case of Equity-Linked 
Securities, Fund-Linked Securities and Futures Contract-Linked Securities (i) if any such date is 
not a Scheduled Trading Day or a Fund Business Day (as applicable), the relevant Initial Reference

--- Page 406 ---
Terms and Conditions of Securities 
Part 2: Additional Terms and Conditions 
Section 5 
Performance Determination Terms 
 
 
406 
 
Value Determination Date shall (A) in the case of Equity-Linked Securities or Futures Contract-
Linked Securities, be the next succeeding Scheduled Trading Day or, if either "Common 
Scheduled Trading Days and Common Disrupted Days" or "Common Scheduled Trading Days 
and Individual Disrupted Days" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the next 
succeeding Common Scheduled Trading Day; or (B) in the case of Fund-Linked Securities, be the 
next succeeding Fund Business Day or, if either "Common Fund Business Days and Common 
Disrupted Days" or "Common Fund Business Days and Individual Disrupted Days" is specified to 
be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the next succeeding Common Fund Business Day, and 
(ii) if any Initial Reference Value Determination Date is a Disrupted Day, the provisions of, as 
applicable, Condition 9.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging Dates), Condition 
13.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging Dates) or Condition 15.1 (Market 
Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging Dates) shall apply mutatis mutandis as if such Initial 
Reference Value Determination Date were a Reference Date, and otherwise subject to adjustment 
in accordance with the Conditions, and (II) if no such date is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the Initial Reference Value Determination Date shall be the Strike Date; and 
"Specified Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms 
provided that if no such percentage is specified, the Specified Percentage shall be equal to 100 per 
cent. 
8. 
Absolute Floored Performance 
If "Absolute Floored Performance" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the Performance 
will be determined by the Determination Agent as of the relevant Performance Determination 
Date: 
(a) 
Unless "Put Performance" is specified as being applicable, in accordance with the following 
formula (treating as an absolute value any negative value resulting from the division of the Final 
Reference Value by the Initial Reference Value and the subsequent subtraction of 1): 
Performance = Performance Rate × Max (Floor;│( 
Final Reference Value
Applicable Initial Reference Value  - Strike) │) 
(b) 
If "Put Performance" is specified as being applicable, in accordance with the following formula 
(treating as an absolute value any negative value resulting from the division of the Final Reference 
Value by the Initial Reference Value and the subsequent subtraction of the resultant value from 
1): 
Performance = Performance Rate × Max (Floor;│(Strike -  
Final Reference Value
Applicable Initial Reference Value) │) 
where: 
"Performance Rate" means the percentage rate specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"Strike" means the value specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"Floor" means the value specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"Final Reference Value" means the Relevant Underlying Value as of the relevant Performance 
Determination Date as determined by the Determination Agent in accordance with such provisions 
of Section 4 (Value Determination Terms) as are specified as being applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms; 
"Applicable Initial Reference Value" means a value equal to the product of the Initial Reference 
Value and the Specified Percentage; 
"Initial Reference Value" means, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, either the value 
specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms or the Relevant Underlying Value as of the Initial 
Reference Value Determination Date(s) as determined by the Determination Agent in accordance 
with such provisions of Section 4 (Value Determination Terms) as are specified as being applicable 
in the applicable Issue Terms;

--- Page 407 ---
Terms and Conditions of Securities 
Part 2: Additional Terms and Conditions 
Section 5 
Performance Determination Terms 
 
 
407 
 
"Initial Reference Value Determination Date(s)" means the date(s) specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms (which may include, without limitation, the Determination Date, each 
Averaging Date or each Observation Date), provided that, (I) in the case of Equity-Linked 
Securities, Fund-Linked Securities and Futures Contract-Linked Securities (i) if any such date is 
not a Scheduled Trading Day or a Fund Business Day (as applicable), the relevant Initial Reference 
Value Determination Date shall (A) in the case of Equity-Linked Securities or Futures Contract-
Linked Securities, be the next succeeding Scheduled Trading Day or, if either "Common 
Scheduled Trading Days and Common Disrupted Days" or "Common Scheduled Trading Days 
and Individual Disrupted Days" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the next 
succeeding Common Scheduled Trading Day; or (B) in the case of Fund-Linked Securities, be the 
next succeeding Fund Business Day or, if either "Common Fund Business Days and Common 
Disrupted Days" or "Common Fund Business Days and Individual Disrupted Days" is specified to 
be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the next succeeding Common Fund Business Day, and 
(ii) if any Initial Reference Value Determination Date is a Disrupted Day, the provisions of, as 
applicable, Condition 9.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging Dates), Condition 
13.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging Dates) or Condition 15.1 (Market 
Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging Dates) shall apply mutatis mutandis as if such Initial 
Reference Value Determination Date were a Reference Date, and otherwise subject to adjustment 
in accordance with the Conditions, and (II) if no such date is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the Initial Reference Value Determination Date shall be the Strike Date; and 
"Specified Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms 
provided that if no such percentage is specified, the Specified Percentage shall be equal to 100 per 
cent. 
9. 
Absolute Capped & Floored Performance 
If "Absolute Capped & Floored Performance" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
Performance will be determined by the Determination Agent as of the relevant Performance 
Determination Date: 
(a) 
Unless "Put Performance" is specified as being applicable, in accordance with the following 
formula (treating as an absolute value any negative value resulting from the division of the Final 
Reference Value by the Initial Reference Value and the subsequent subtraction of 1): 
Performance = Performance Rate × Min (Cap;Max [Floor;│( 
Final Reference Value
Applicable Initial Reference Value  - Strike)│]) 
(b) 
If "Put Performance" is specified as being applicable, in accordance with the following formula 
(treating as an absolute value any negative value resulting from the division of the Final Reference 
Value by the Initial Reference Value and the subsequent subtraction of the resultant value from 
1): 
Performance = Performance Rate × Min (Cap;Max [Floor;│( Strike-
Final Reference Value
Applicable Initial Reference Value)│]) 
where: 
"Performance Rate" means the percentage rate specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"Strike" means the value specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"Cap" means the value specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"Floor" means the value specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"Final Reference Value" means the Relevant Underlying Value as of the relevant Performance 
Determination Date as determined by the Determination Agent in accordance with such provisions 
of Section 4 (Value Determination Terms) as are specified as being applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms; 
"Applicable Initial Reference Value" means a value equal to the product of the Initial Reference 
Value and the Specified Percentage;

--- Page 408 ---
Terms and Conditions of Securities 
Part 2: Additional Terms and Conditions 
Section 5 
Performance Determination Terms 
 
 
408 
 
"Initial Reference Value" means, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, either the value 
specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms or the Relevant Underlying Value as of the Initial 
Reference Value Determination Date(s) as determined by the Determination Agent in accordance 
with such provisions of Section 4 (Value Determination Terms) as are specified as being applicable 
in the applicable Issue Terms;  
"Initial Reference Value Determination Date(s)" means the date(s) specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms (which may include, without limitation, the Determination Date, each 
Averaging Date or each Observation Date), provided that, (I) in the case of Equity-Linked 
Securities, Fund-Linked Securities and Futures Contract-Linked Securities (i) if any such date is 
not a Scheduled Trading Day or a Fund Business Day (as applicable), the relevant Initial Reference 
Value Determination Date shall (A) in the case of Equity-Linked Securities or Futures Contract-
Linked Securities, be the next succeeding Scheduled Trading Day or, if either "Common 
Scheduled Trading Days and Common Disrupted Days" or "Common Scheduled Trading Days 
and Individual Disrupted Days" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the next 
succeeding Common Scheduled Trading Day; or (B) in the case of Fund-Linked Securities, be the 
next succeeding Fund Business Day or, if either "Common Fund Business Days and Common 
Disrupted Days" or "Common Fund Business Days and Individual Disrupted Days" is specified to 
be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the next succeeding Common Fund Business Day, and 
(ii) if any Initial Reference Value Determination Date is a Disrupted Day, the provisions of, as 
applicable, Condition 9.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging Dates), Condition 
13.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging Dates) or Condition 15.1 (Market 
Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging Dates) shall apply mutatis mutandis as if such Initial 
Reference Value Determination Date were a Reference Date, and otherwise subject to adjustment 
in accordance with the Conditions, and (II) if no such date is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the Initial Reference Value Determination Date shall be the Strike Date; and 
"Specified Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms 
provided that if no such percentage is specified, the Specified Percentage shall be equal to 100 per 
cent. 
10. 
OTM Performance (Single Underlying) 
If "OTM Performance (Single Underlying)" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms or in these 
Additional Terms and Conditions as applying in respect of any Series of Securities, and where the 
Relevant Underlying is a Single Underlying, the Performance of the Relevant Underlying will be 
determined by the Determination Agent as of the relevant Performance Determination Date in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Performance = Performance Rate × (
Final Reference Value
Applicable Initial Reference Value  - OTM Rate) 
where: 
"Performance Rate" means the percentage rate specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"Final Reference Value" means the Relevant Underlying Value as of the relevant Performance 
Determination Date as determined by the Determination Agent in accordance with such provisions 
of Section 4 (Value Determination Terms) as are specified as being applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms; 
"Applicable Initial Reference Value" means a value equal to the product of the Initial Reference 
Value and the Specified Percentage; 
"Initial Reference Value" means, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, either the value 
specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms or the Relevant Underlying Value as of the Initial 
Reference Value Determination Date(s) as determined by the Determination Agent in accordance 
with such provisions of Section 4 (Value Determination Terms) as are specified as being applicable 
in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"Initial Reference Value Determination Date(s)" means the date(s) specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms (which may include, without limitation, the Determination Date, each

--- Page 409 ---
Terms and Conditions of Securities 
Part 2: Additional Terms and Conditions 
Section 5 
Performance Determination Terms 
 
 
409 
 
Averaging Date or each Observation Date), provided that, (I) in the case of Equity-Linked 
Securities, Fund-Linked Securities and Futures Contract-Linked Securities (i) if any such date is 
not a Scheduled Trading Day or a Fund Business Day (as applicable), the relevant Initial Reference 
Value Determination Date shall (A) in the case of Equity-Linked Securities or Futures Contract-
Linked Securities, be the next succeeding Scheduled Trading Day or, if either "Common 
Scheduled Trading Days and Common Disrupted Days" or "Common Scheduled Trading Days 
and Individual Disrupted Days" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the next 
succeeding Common Scheduled Trading Day; or (B) in the case of Fund-Linked Securities, be the 
next succeeding Fund Business Day or, if either "Common Fund Business Days and Common 
Disrupted Days" or "Common Fund Business Days and Individual Disrupted Days" is specified to 
be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the next succeeding Common Fund Business Day, and 
(ii) if any Initial Reference Value Determination Date is a Disrupted Day, the provisions of, as 
applicable, Condition 9.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging Dates), Condition 
13.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging Dates) or Condition 15.1 (Market 
Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging Dates) shall apply mutatis mutandis as if such Initial 
Reference Value Determination Date were a Reference Date, and otherwise subject to adjustment 
in accordance with the Conditions, and (II) if no such date is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the Initial Reference Value Determination Date shall be the Strike Date;  
"Specified Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms 
provided that if no such percentage is specified, the Specified Percentage shall be equal to 100 per 
cent; and 
"OTM Rate" means a percentage rate specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
11. 
Optimised Performance (Type 1) 
If "Optimised Performance (Type 1)" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms or in these 
Additional Terms and Conditions as applying in respect of any Series of Securities, and where the 
Relevant Underlying is a Single Underlying, the Performance of the Relevant Underlying will be 
determined by the Determination Agent as of the relevant Performance Determination Date in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Performance = Performance Rate × Final Reference Value-Optimised Initial Reference Value
Initial Reference Value
 
where: 
"Performance Rate" means the percentage rate specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"Final Reference Value" means the Relevant Underlying Value as of the relevant Performance 
Determination Date as determined by the Determination Agent in accordance with such provisions 
of Section 4 (Value Determination Terms) as are specified as being applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms; 
"Initial Reference Value" means, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, either the value 
specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms or the Relevant Underlying Value as of the Initial 
Reference Value Determination Date(s) as determined by the Determination Agent in accordance 
with such provisions of Section 4 (Value Determination Terms) as are specified as being applicable 
in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"Initial Reference Value Determination Date(s)" means the date(s) specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms (which may include, without limitation, the Determination Date, each 
Averaging Date or each Observation Date), provided that, (I) in the case of Equity-Linked 
Securities, Fund-Linked Securities and Futures Contract-Linked Securities (i) if any such date is 
not a Scheduled Trading Day or a Fund Business Day (as applicable), the relevant Initial Reference 
Value Determination Date shall (A) in the case of Equity-Linked Securities or Futures Contract-
Linked Securities, be the next succeeding Scheduled Trading Day or, if either "Common 
Scheduled Trading Days and Common Disrupted Days" or "Common Scheduled Trading Days 
and Individual Disrupted Days" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the next 
succeeding Common Scheduled Trading Day; or (B) in the case of Fund-Linked Securities, be the 
next succeeding Fund Business Day or, if either "Common Fund Business Days and Common

--- Page 410 ---
Terms and Conditions of Securities 
Part 2: Additional Terms and Conditions 
Section 5 
Performance Determination Terms 
 
 
410 
 
Disrupted Days" or "Common Fund Business Days and Individual Disrupted Days" is specified to 
be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the next succeeding Common Fund Business Day, and 
(ii) if any Initial Reference Value Determination Date is a Disrupted Day, the provisions of, as 
applicable, Condition 9.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging Dates), Condition 
13.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging Dates) or Condition 15.1 (Market 
Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging Dates) shall apply mutatis mutandis as if such Initial 
Reference Value Determination Date were a Reference Date, and otherwise subject to adjustment 
in accordance with the Conditions, and (II) if no such date is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the Initial Reference Value Determination Date shall be the Strike Date;  
"Optimised Initial Reference Value" means the value determined by the Determination Agent to 
be equal to, as specified in the applicable final terms, either (A) the lowest or (B) the highest of 
the Closing Values of the Relevant Underlying as of each of the Optimised Observation Dates; 
and 
"Optimised Observation Date" means the dates specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms 
(and may also be expressed as being each Scheduled Trading Day within specified dates), 
provided that, in the case of Equity-Linked Securities, Fund-Linked Securities and Futures 
Contract-Linked Securities (i) if any such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day or a Fund Business 
Day (as applicable), the relevant Optimised Observation Date shall (A) in the case of Equity-
Linked Securities or Futures Contract-Linked Securities, be the next succeeding Scheduled 
Trading Day or, if either "Common Scheduled Trading Days and Common Disrupted Days" or 
"Common Scheduled Trading Days and Individual Disrupted Days" is specified to be applicable 
in the relevant Issue Terms, the next succeeding Common Scheduled Trading Day; or (B) in the 
case of Fund-Linked Securities, be the next succeeding Fund Business Day or, if either "Common 
Fund Business Days and Common Disrupted Days" or "Common Fund Business Days and 
Individual Disrupted Days" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the next 
succeeding Common Fund Business Day, and (ii) if any Optimised Observation Date is a 
Disrupted Day, the provisions of, as applicable, Condition 9.1 (Market Disruption, Reference 
Dates and Averaging Dates), Condition 13.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging 
Dates) or Condition 15.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging Dates) shall apply 
mutatis mutandis as if such Optimised Observation Date were a Reference Date, and otherwise 
subject to adjustment in accordance with the Conditions. 
12. 
Optimised Performance (Type 2) 
If "Optimised Performance (Type 2)" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms or in these 
Additional Terms and Conditions as applying in respect of any Series of Securities, and where the 
Relevant Underlying is a Single Underlying, the Performance of the Relevant Underlying will be 
determined by the Determination Agent as of the relevant Performance Determination Date in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Performance = Performance Rate × Final Reference Value-Optimised Initial Reference Value
Optimised Initial Reference Value
 
where: 
"Performance Rate" means the percentage rate specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"Final Reference Value" means the Relevant Underlying Value as of the relevant Performance 
Determination Date as determined by the Determination Agent in accordance with such provisions 
of Section 4 (Value Determination Terms) as are specified as being applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms; 
"Initial Reference Value" means, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, either the value 
specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms or the Relevant Underlying Value as of the Initial 
Reference Value Determination Date(s) as determined by the Determination Agent in accordance 
with such provisions of Section 4 (Value Determination Terms) as are specified as being applicable 
in the applicable Issue Terms;

--- Page 411 ---
Terms and Conditions of Securities 
Part 2: Additional Terms and Conditions 
Section 5 
Performance Determination Terms 
 
 
411 
 
"Initial Reference Value Determination Date(s)" means the date(s) specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms (which may include, without limitation, the Determination Date, each 
Averaging Date or each Observation Date), provided that, (I) in the case of Equity-Linked 
Securities, Fund-Linked Securities and Futures Contract-Linked Securities (i) if any such date is 
not a Scheduled Trading Day or a Fund Business Day (as applicable), the relevant Initial Reference 
Value Determination Date shall (A) in the case of Equity-Linked Securities or Futures Contract-
Linked Securities, be the next succeeding Scheduled Trading Day or, if either "Common 
Scheduled Trading Days and Common Disrupted Days" or "Common Scheduled Trading Days 
and Individual Disrupted Days" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the next 
succeeding Common Scheduled Trading Day; or (B) in the case of Fund-Linked Securities, be the 
next succeeding Fund Business Day or, if either "Common Fund Business Days and Common 
Disrupted Days" or "Common Fund Business Days and Individual Disrupted Days" is specified to 
be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the next succeeding Common Fund Business Day, and 
(ii) if any Initial Reference Value Determination Date is a Disrupted Day, the provisions of, as 
applicable, Condition 9.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging Dates), Condition 
13.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging Dates) or Condition 15.1 (Market 
Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging Dates) shall apply mutatis mutandis as if such Initial 
Reference Value Determination Date were a Reference Date, and otherwise subject to adjustment 
in accordance with the Conditions, and (II) if no such date is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the Initial Reference Value Determination Date shall be the Strike Date;  
"Optimised Initial Reference Value" means the value determined by the Determination Agent to 
be equal to, as specified in the applicable final terms, either (A) the lowest or (B) the highest of 
the Closing Values of the Relevant Underlying as of each of the Optimised Observation Dates; 
and 
"Optimised Observation Date" means the dates specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms 
(and may also be expressed as being each Scheduled Trading Day within specified dates), 
provided that, in the case of Equity-Linked Securities, Fund-Linked Securities and Futures 
Contract-Linked Securities (i) if any such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day or a Fund Business 
Day (as applicable), the relevant Optimised Observation Date shall (A) in the case of Equity-
Linked Securities or Futures Contract-Linked Securities, be the next succeeding Scheduled 
Trading Day or, if either "Common Scheduled Trading Days and Common Disrupted Days" or 
"Common Scheduled Trading Days and Individual Disrupted Days" is specified to be applicable 
in the relevant Issue Terms, the next succeeding Common Scheduled Trading Day; or (B) in the 
case of Fund-Linked Securities, be the next succeeding Fund Business Day or, if either "Common 
Fund Business Days and Common Disrupted Days" or "Common Fund Business Days and 
Individual Disrupted Days" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the next 
succeeding Common Fund Business Day, and (ii) if any Optimised Observation Date is a 
Disrupted Day, the provisions of, as applicable, Condition 9.1 (Market Disruption, Reference 
Dates and Averaging Dates), Condition 13.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging 
Dates) or Condition 15.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging Dates) shall apply 
mutatis mutandis as if such Optimised Observation Date were a Reference Date, and otherwise 
subject to adjustment in accordance with the Conditions.

--- Page 412 ---
Terms and Conditions of Securities 
Part 2: Additional Terms and Conditions 
Section 5 
Performance Determination Terms 
 
 
412 
 
Sub-Section II 
Performance Determination Terms for Securities linked to a Relevant Underlying which is a Basket 
1. 
Selected Average Basic Performance 
If "Selected Average Basic Performance" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
Performance in respect of the Basket will be determined by the Determination Agent as of the 
relevant Performance Determination Date in accordance with the following formula: 
Performance = ∑1
n
n
i=1
{Performance Rate × (
Final Reference Valuei
Applicable Initial Reference Valuei
 - Strike)} 
where: 
"i" is a series of numbers from one to n, each representing a Selected Basket Component; 
"n" means the number of Selected Basket Components in the Basket; 
"Performance Rate" means the percentage rate specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"Strike" means the value specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"Final Reference Value", for any Basket Component, means the Relevant Underlying Value in 
respect of such Basket Component as of the relevant Performance Determination Date as 
determined by the Determination Agent in accordance with such provisions of Section 4 (Value 
Determination Terms) as are specified as being applicable in the applicable Issue Terms and "Final 
Reference Valuei" means such value in respect of the relevant Selected Basket Component; 
"Applicable Initial Reference Value", for any Basket Component, means a value equal to the 
product of the Initial Reference Value and the Specified Percentage and "Applicable Initial 
Reference Valuei" means such value in respect of the relevant Selected Basket Component; 
"Initial Reference Value", for any Basket Component, means, as specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, either the value specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms or the Relevant Underlying 
Value in respect of such Basket Component as of the Initial Reference Value Determination 
Date(s) as determined by the Determination Agent in accordance with such provisions of Section 
4 (Value Determination Terms) as are specified as being applicable in the applicable Issue Terms 
and "Initial Reference Valuei" means such value in respect of the relevant Selected Basket 
Component; 
"Initial Reference Value Determination Date(s)" means the date(s) specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms (which may include, without limitation, the Determination Date, each 
Averaging Date or each Observation Date), provided that, (I) in the case of Equity-Linked 
Securities, Fund-Linked Securities and Futures Contract-Linked Securities (i) if any such date is 
not a Scheduled Trading Day or a Fund Business Day (as applicable), the relevant Initial Reference 
Value Determination Date shall (A) in the case of Equity-Linked Securities or Futures Contract-
Linked Securities, be the next succeeding Scheduled Trading Day or, if either "Common 
Scheduled Trading Days and Common Disrupted Days" or "Common Scheduled Trading Days 
and Individual Disrupted Days" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the next 
succeeding Common Scheduled Trading Day; or (B) in the case of Fund-Linked Securities, be the 
next succeeding Fund Business Day or, if either "Common Fund Business Days and Common 
Disrupted Days" or "Common Fund Business Days and Individual Disrupted Days" is specified to 
be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the next succeeding Common Fund Business Day, and 
(ii) if any Initial Reference Value Determination Date is a Disrupted Day, the provisions of, as 
applicable, Condition 9.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging Dates), Condition 
13.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging Dates) or Condition 15.1 (Market 
Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging Dates) shall apply mutatis mutandis as if such Initial 
Reference Value Determination Date were a Reference Date, and otherwise subject to adjustment 
in accordance with the Conditions, and (II) if no such date is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the Initial Reference Value Determination Date shall be the Strike Date;

--- Page 413 ---
Terms and Conditions of Securities 
Part 2: Additional Terms and Conditions 
Section 5 
Performance Determination Terms 
 
 
413 
 
"Specified Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms 
provided that if no such percentage is specified, the Specified Percentage shall be equal to 100 per 
cent.; and 
"Selected Basket Component" means the Basket Components determined by the Determination 
Agent as follows: 
(a) 
by numbering the Basket Components in order according to the respective values for each 
Basket Component determined by dividing the Final Reference Value for such Basket 
Component by its Applicable Initial Reference Value, starting with the Basket Component 
with the highest such value (Basket Component 1) and ending with the Basket Component 
with the lowest such value (and so that, if more than one Basket Component has the same 
value, the order of the relevant Basket Components shall be as determined by the 
Determination Agent); and 
(b) 
by selecting the numbered Basket Components corresponding to the numbers specified for 
the Selected Basket Components in the applicable Issue Terms in the format "J = …" (so 
that, for example, where there are 10 Basket Components and the Selected Basket 
Components are identified as "J=1,5…7" in the applicable Issue Terms, the Selected Basket 
Components will comprise the four Basket Components numbered 1, 5, 6 and 7), 
where "J" is a number from 1 to N denoting one of the Basket Components numbered as described 
in (a) and selected as described in (b) above and "N" is the total number of Basket Components, 
and provided that, if "Selected Basket Component" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
as being not applicable, then all Basket Components are deemed to be Selected Basket 
Components. 
2. 
Selected Cliquet Average Performance 
If "Selected Cliquet Average Performance" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
Performance in respect of the Basket will be determined by the Determination Agent as of the 
relevant Performance Determination Date in accordance with the following formula: 
Performance = ∑1
n
n
i=1
{Performance Rate × (Final Reference Valuei
PIDD Reference Valuei
 - Strike)} 
where: 
"i" is a series of numbers from one to n, each representing a Selected Basket Component; 
"n" means the number of Selected Basket Components in the Basket; 
"Strike" means the value specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"Performance Rate" means the percentage rate specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"Final Reference Value", for any Basket Component, means the Relevant Underlying Value in 
respect of such Basket Component as of the relevant Performance Determination Date as 
determined by the Determination Agent in accordance with such provisions of Section 4 (Value 
Determination Terms) as are specified as being applicable in the applicable Issue Terms and "Final 
Reference Valuei" means such value in respect of the relevant Selected Basket Component; 
"PIDD Reference Value", for any Basket Component, means the Relevant Underlying Value for 
such Basket Component as of the Interest Determination Date immediately preceding the relevant 
Performance Determination Date, or, if there is no such Interest Determination Date, the Relevant 
Underlying Value as of the Strike Date, in each case as determined by the Determination Agent in 
accordance with such provisions of Section 4 (Value Determination Terms) as are specified as 
being applicable in the applicable Issue Terms "PIDD Reference Valuei" means such value in 
respect of the relevant Selected Basket Component; and 
"Selected Basket Component" means the Basket Components determined by the Determination 
Agent as follows:

--- Page 414 ---
Terms and Conditions of Securities 
Part 2: Additional Terms and Conditions 
Section 5 
Performance Determination Terms 
 
 
414 
 
(a) 
by numbering the Basket Components in order according to the respective values for each 
Basket Component determined by dividing the Final Reference Value for such Basket 
Component by its Applicable Initial Reference Value, starting with the Basket Component 
with the highest such value (Basket Component 1) and ending with the Basket Component 
with the lowest such value (and so that, if more than one Basket Component has the same 
value, the order of the relevant Basket Components shall be as determined by the 
Determination Agent); and 
(b) 
by selecting the numbered Basket Components corresponding to the numbers specified for 
the Selected Basket Components in the applicable Issue Terms in the format "J = …" (so 
that, for example, where there are 10 Basket Components and the Selected Basket 
Components are identified as "J=1,5…7" in the applicable Issue Terms, the Selected Basket 
Components will comprise the four Basket Components numbered 1, 5, 6 and 7), 
where "J" is a number from 1 to N denoting one of the Basket Components numbered as described 
in (a) and selected as described in (b) above and "N" is the total number of Basket Components, 
and provided that, if "Selected Basket Component" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms as 
being not applicable, then all Basket Components are deemed to be Selected Basket Components. 
3. 
Selected Average Individually Capped Performance 
If "Selected Average Individually Capped Performance" is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the Performance in respect of the Basket will be determined by the Determination Agent 
as of the relevant Performance Determination Date in accordance with the following formula: 
Performance =∑1
n
n
i=1
(Performance Rate × Min [Capi; 
Final Reference Valuei
Applicable Initial Reference Valuei
 - Strike]) 
where: 
"i" is a series of numbers from one to n, each representing a Selected Basket Component; 
"n" means the number of Basket Components in the Basket; 
"Capi" means, in respect of any Selected Basket Component, the value specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms; 
"Performance Rate" means the percentage rate specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"Strike" means the value specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, provided that if no such 
value is specified, the Strike will be 1; 
"Final Reference Value", for any Basket Component, means the Relevant Underlying Value in 
respect of such Basket Component as of the relevant Performance Determination Date as 
determined by the Determination Agent in accordance with such provisions of Section 4 (Value 
Determination Terms) as are specified as being applicable in the applicable Issue Terms and "Final 
Reference Valuei" means such value in respect of the relevant Selected Basket Component; 
"Applicable Initial Reference Value", for any Basket Component, means a value equal to the 
product of the Initial Reference Value and the Specified Percentage and "Applicable Initial 
Reference Valuei" means such value in respect of the relevant Selected Basket Component; 
"Initial Reference Value", for any Basket Component, means, as specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, either the value specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms or the Relevant Underlying 
Value in respect of such Basket Component as of the Initial Reference Value Determination 
Date(s) as determined by the Determination Agent in accordance with such provisions of Section 
4 (Value Determination Terms) as are specified as being applicable in the applicable Issue Terms 
and "Initial Reference Valuei" means such value in respect of the relevant Selected Basket 
Component; 
"Initial Reference Value Determination Date(s)" means the date(s) specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms (which may include, without limitation, the Determination Date, each 
Averaging Date or each Observation Date), provided that, (I) in the case of Equity-Linked

--- Page 415 ---
Terms and Conditions of Securities 
Part 2: Additional Terms and Conditions 
Section 5 
Performance Determination Terms 
 
 
415 
 
Securities, Fund-Linked Securities and Futures Contract-Linked Securities (i) if any such date is 
not a Scheduled Trading Day or a Fund Business Day (as applicable), the relevant Initial Reference 
Value Determination Date shall (A) in the case of Equity-Linked Securities or Futures Contract-
Linked Securities, be the next succeeding Scheduled Trading Day or, if either "Common 
Scheduled Trading Days and Common Disrupted Days" or "Common Scheduled Trading Days 
and Individual Disrupted Days" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the next 
succeeding Common Scheduled Trading Day; or (B) in the case of Fund-Linked Securities, be the 
next succeeding Fund Business Day or, if either "Common Fund Business Days and Common 
Disrupted Days" or "Common Fund Business Days and Individual Disrupted Days" is specified to 
be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the next succeeding Common Fund Business Day, and 
(ii) if any Initial Reference Value Determination Date is a Disrupted Day, the provisions of, as 
applicable, Condition 9.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging Dates), Condition 
13.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging Dates) or Condition 15.1 (Market 
Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging Dates) shall apply mutatis mutandis as if such Initial 
Reference Value Determination Date were a Reference Date, and otherwise subject to adjustment 
in accordance with the Conditions, and (II) if no such date is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the Initial Reference Value Determination Date shall be the Strike Date;  
"Specified Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms 
provided that if no such percentage is specified, the Specified Percentage shall be equal to 100 per 
cent.; and 
"Selected Basket Component" means the Basket Components determined by the Determination 
Agent as follows: 
(a) 
by numbering the Basket Components in order according to the respective values for each 
Basket Component determined by dividing the Final Reference Value for such Basket 
Component by its Applicable Initial Reference Value, starting with the Basket Component 
with the highest such value (Basket Component 1) and ending with the Basket Component 
with the lowest such value (and so that, if more than one Basket Component has the same 
value, the order of the relevant Basket Components shall be as determined by the 
Determination Agent); and 
(b) 
by selecting the numbered Basket Components corresponding to the numbers specified for 
the Selected Basket Components in the applicable Issue Terms in the format "J = …" (so 
that, for example, where there are 10 Basket Components and the Selected Basket 
Components are identified as "J=1,5…7" in the applicable Issue Terms, the Selected Basket 
Components will comprise the four Basket Components numbered 1, 5, 6 and 7), 
where "J" is a number from 1 to N denoting one of the Basket Components numbered as described 
in (a) and selected as described in (b) above and "N" is the total number of Basket Components, 
and provided that, if "Selected Basket Component" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
as being not applicable, then all Basket Components are deemed to be Selected Basket 
Components. 
4. 
Selected Average Individually Floored Performance 
If "Selected Average Individually Floored Performance" is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the Performance in respect of the Basket will be determined by the Determination Agent 
as of the relevant Performance Determination Date in accordance with the following formula: 
Performance = ∑1
n
n
i=1
(Performance Rate × Max [Floori; 
Final Reference Valuei
Applicable Initial Reference Valuei
 - Strike]) 
where: 
"i" is a series of numbers from one to n, each representing a Selected Basket Component; 
"n" means the number of Selected Basket Components in the Basket;

--- Page 416 ---
Terms and Conditions of Securities 
Part 2: Additional Terms and Conditions 
Section 5 
Performance Determination Terms 
 
 
416 
 
"Floori" means, in respect of any Selected Basket Component, the value specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms; 
"Performance Rate" means the percentage rate specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"Strike" means the value specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, provided that if no such 
value is specified, the Strike will be 1; 
"Final Reference Value", for any Basket Component, means the Relevant Underlying Value in 
respect of such Basket Component as of the relevant Performance Determination Date as 
determined by the Determination Agent in accordance with such provisions of Section 4 (Value 
Determination Terms) as are specified as being applicable in the applicable Issue Terms and "Final 
Reference Valuei" means such value in respect of the relevant Selected Basket Component; 
"Applicable Initial Reference Value", for any Basket Component, means a value equal to the 
product of the Initial Reference Value and the Specified Percentage and "Applicable Initial 
Reference Valuei" means such value in respect of the relevant Selected Basket Component; 
"Initial Reference Value", for any Basket Component, means, as specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, either the value specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms or the Relevant Underlying 
Value in respect of such Basket Component as of the Initial Reference Value Determination 
Date(s) as determined by the Determination Agent in accordance with such provisions of Section 
4 (Value Determination Terms) as are specified as being applicable in the applicable Issue Terms 
and "Initial Reference Valuei" means such value in respect of the relevant Selected Basket 
Component; 
"Initial Reference Value Determination Date(s)" means the date(s) specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms (which may include, without limitation, the Determination Date, each 
Averaging Date or each Observation Date), provided that, (I) in the case of Equity-Linked 
Securities, Fund-Linked Securities and Futures Contract-Linked Securities (i) if any such date is 
not a Scheduled Trading Day or a Fund Business Day (as applicable), the relevant Initial Reference 
Value Determination Date shall (A) in the case of Equity-Linked Securities or Futures Contract-
Linked Securities, be the next succeeding Scheduled Trading Day or, if either "Common 
Scheduled Trading Days and Common Disrupted Days" or "Common Scheduled Trading Days 
and Individual Disrupted Days" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the next 
succeeding Common Scheduled Trading Day; or (B) in the case of Fund-Linked Securities, be the 
next succeeding Fund Business Day or, if either "Common Fund Business Days and Common 
Disrupted Days" or "Common Fund Business Days and Individual Disrupted Days" is specified to 
be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the next succeeding Common Fund Business Day, and 
(ii) if any Initial Reference Value Determination Date is a Disrupted Day, the provisions of, as 
applicable, Condition 9.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging Dates), Condition 
13.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging Dates) or Condition 15.1 (Market 
Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging Dates) shall apply mutatis mutandis as if such Initial 
Reference Value Determination Date were a Reference Date, and otherwise subject to adjustment 
in accordance with the Conditions, and (II) if no such date is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the Initial Reference Value Determination Date shall be the Strike Date;  
"Specified Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms 
provided that if no such percentage is specified, the Specified Percentage shall be equal to 100 per 
cent.; and 
"Selected Basket Component" means the Basket Components determined by the Determination 
Agent as follows: 
(a) 
by numbering the Basket Components in order according to the respective values for each 
Basket Component determined by dividing the Final Reference Value for such Basket 
Component by its Applicable Initial Reference Value, starting with the Basket Component 
with the highest such value (Basket Component 1) and ending with the Basket Component 
with the lowest such value (and so that, if more than one Basket Component has the same 
value, the order of the relevant Basket Components shall be as determined by the 
Determination Agent); and

--- Page 417 ---
Terms and Conditions of Securities 
Part 2: Additional Terms and Conditions 
Section 5 
Performance Determination Terms 
 
 
417 
 
(b) 
by selecting the numbered Basket Components corresponding to the numbers specified for 
the Selected Basket Components in the applicable Issue Terms in the format "J = …" (so 
that, for example, where there are 10 Basket Components and the Selected Basket 
Components are identified as "J=1,5…7" in the applicable Issue Terms, the Selected Basket 
Components will comprise the four Basket Components numbered 1, 5, 6 and 7), 
where "J" is a number from 1 to N denoting one of the Basket Components numbered as described 
in (a) and selected as described in (b) above and "N" is the total number of Basket Components, 
and provided that, if "Selected Basket Component" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
as being not applicable, then all Basket Components are deemed to be Selected Basket 
Components. 
5. 
Selected Average Individually Capped & Floored Performance 
If "Selected Average Individually Capped & Floored Performance" is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the Performance in respect of the Basket will be determined by the 
Determination Agent as of the relevant Performance Determination Date in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Performance = ∑1
n
n
i=1
 Performance Rate × Min (Capi; Max [Floori;
Final Reference Valuei
Applicable Initial Reference Valuei
 - Strike]) 
where: 
"i" is a series of numbers from one to n, each representing a Selected Basket Component; 
"n" means the number of Selected Basket Components in the Basket; 
"Capi" means, in respect of any Selected Basket Component, the value specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms; 
"Floori" means, in respect of any Selected Basket Component, the value specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms; 
"Performance Rate" means the percentage rate specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"Strike" means the value specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, provided that if no such 
value is specified, the Strike will be 1; 
"Final Reference Value", for any Basket Component, means the Relevant Underlying Value in 
respect of such Basket Component as of the relevant Performance Determination Date as 
determined by the Determination Agent in accordance with such provisions of Section 4 (Value 
Determination Terms) as are specified as being applicable in the applicable Issue Terms and "Final 
Reference Valuei" means such value in respect of the relevant Selected Basket Component; 
"Applicable Initial Reference Value", for any Basket Component, means a value equal to the 
product of the Initial Reference Value and the Specified Percentage and "Applicable Initial 
Reference Valuei" means such value in respect of the relevant Selected Basket Component; 
"Initial Reference Value", for any Basket Component, means, as specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, either the value specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms or the Relevant Underlying 
Value in respect of such Basket Component as of the Initial Reference Value Determination 
Date(s) as determined by the Determination Agent in accordance with such provisions of Section 
4 (Value Determination Terms) as are specified as being applicable in the applicable Issue Terms 
and "Initial Reference Valuei" means such value in respect of the relevant Selected Basket 
Component; 
"Initial Reference Value Determination Date(s)" means the date(s) specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms (which may include, without limitation, the Determination Date, each 
Averaging Date or each Observation Date), provided that, (I) in the case of Equity-Linked 
Securities, Fund-Linked Securities and Futures Contract-Linked Securities (i) if any such date is 
not a Scheduled Trading Day or a Fund Business Day (as applicable), the relevant Initial Reference 
Value Determination Date shall (A) in the case of Equity-Linked Securities or Futures Contract-

--- Page 418 ---
Terms and Conditions of Securities 
Part 2: Additional Terms and Conditions 
Section 5 
Performance Determination Terms 
 
 
418 
 
Linked Securities, be the next succeeding Scheduled Trading Day or, if either "Common 
Scheduled Trading Days and Common Disrupted Days" or "Common Scheduled Trading Days 
and Individual Disrupted Days" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the next 
succeeding Common Scheduled Trading Day; or (B) in the case of Fund-Linked Securities, be the 
next succeeding Fund Business Day or, if either "Common Fund Business Days and Common 
Disrupted Days" or "Common Fund Business Days and Individual Disrupted Days" is specified to 
be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the next succeeding Common Fund Business Day, and 
(ii) if any Initial Reference Value Determination Date is a Disrupted Day, the provisions of, as 
applicable, Condition 9.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging Dates), Condition 
13.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging Dates) or Condition 15.1 (Market 
Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging Dates) shall apply mutatis mutandis as if such Initial 
Reference Value Determination Date were a Reference Date, and otherwise subject to adjustment 
in accordance with the Conditions, and (II) if no such date is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the Initial Reference Value Determination Date shall be the Strike Date;  
"Specified Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms 
provided that if no such percentage is specified, the Specified Percentage shall be equal to 100 per 
cent.; and 
"Selected Basket Component" means the Basket Components determined by the Determination 
Agent as follows: 
(a) 
by numbering the Basket Components in order according to the respective values for each 
Basket Component determined by dividing the Final Reference Value for such Basket 
Component by its Applicable Initial Reference Value, starting with the Basket Component 
with the highest such value (Basket Component 1) and ending with the Basket Component 
with the lowest such value (and so that, if more than one Basket Component has the same 
value, the order of the relevant Basket Components shall be as determined by the 
Determination Agent); and 
(b) 
by selecting the numbered Basket Components corresponding to the numbers specified for 
the Selected Basket Components in the applicable Issue Terms in the format "J = …" (so 
that, for example, where there are 10 Basket Components and the Selected Basket 
Components are identified as "J=1,5…7" in the applicable Issue Terms, the Selected Basket 
Components will comprise the four Basket Components numbered 1, 5, 6 and 7), 
where "J" is a number from 1 to N denoting one of the Basket Components numbered as described 
in (a) and selected as described in (b) above and "N" is the total number of Basket Components, 
and provided that, if "Selected Basket Component" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
as being not applicable, then all Basket Components are deemed to be Selected Basket 
Components. 
6. 
Selected Average Global Capped Performance 
If "Selected Average Global Capped Performance" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
the Performance in respect of the Basket will be determined by the Determination Agent as of the 
relevant Performance Determination Date in accordance with the following formula: 
Performance = Min [Cap; ∑1
n
n
i=1
(Performance Rate × (
Final Reference Valuei
Applicable Initial Reference Valuei
 - Strike))] 
where: 
"i" is a series of numbers from one to n, each representing a Selected Basket Component; 
"n" means the number of Selected Basket Components in the Basket; 
"Cap" means the value specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"Performance Rate" means the percentage rate specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms;

--- Page 419 ---
Terms and Conditions of Securities 
Part 2: Additional Terms and Conditions 
Section 5 
Performance Determination Terms 
 
 
419 
 
"Strike" means the value specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, provided that if no such 
value is specified, the Strike will be 1; 
"Final Reference Value", for any Basket Component, means the Relevant Underlying Value in 
respect of such Basket Component as of the relevant Performance Determination Date as 
determined by the Determination Agent in accordance with such provisions of Section 4 (Value 
Determination Terms) as are specified as being applicable in the applicable Issue Terms and "Final 
Reference Valuei" means such value in respect of the relevant Selected Basket Component; 
"Applicable Initial Reference Value", for any Basket Component, means a value equal to the 
product of the Initial Reference Value and the Specified Percentage and "Applicable Initial 
Reference Valuei" means such value in respect of the relevant Selected Basket Component; 
"Initial Reference Value", for any Basket Component, means, as specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, either the value specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms or the Relevant Underlying 
Value in respect of such Basket Component as of the Initial Reference Value Determination 
Date(s) as determined by the Determination Agent in accordance with such provisions of Section 
4 (Value Determination Terms) as are specified as being applicable in the applicable Issue Terms 
and "Initial Reference Valuei" means such value in respect of the relevant Selected Basket 
Component; 
"Initial Reference Value Determination Date(s)" means the date(s) specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms (which may include, without limitation, the Determination Date, each 
Averaging Date or each Observation Date), provided that, (I) in the case of Equity-Linked 
Securities, Fund-Linked Securities and Futures Contract-Linked Securities (i) if any such date is 
not a Scheduled Trading Day or a Fund Business Day (as applicable), the relevant Initial Reference 
Value Determination Date shall (A) in the case of Equity-Linked Securities or Futures Contract-
Linked Securities, be the next succeeding Scheduled Trading Day or, if either "Common 
Scheduled Trading Days and Common Disrupted Days" or "Common Scheduled Trading Days 
and Individual Disrupted Days" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the next 
succeeding Common Scheduled Trading Day; or (B) in the case of Fund-Linked Securities, be the 
next succeeding Fund Business Day or, if either "Common Fund Business Days and Common 
Disrupted Days" or "Common Fund Business Days and Individual Disrupted Days" is specified to 
be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the next succeeding Common Fund Business Day, and 
(ii) if any Initial Reference Value Determination Date is a Disrupted Day, the provisions of, as 
applicable, Condition 9.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging Dates), Condition 
13.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging Dates) or Condition 15.1 (Market 
Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging Dates) shall apply mutatis mutandis as if such Initial 
Reference Value Determination Date were a Reference Date, and otherwise subject to adjustment 
in accordance with the Conditions, and (II) if no such date is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the Initial Reference Value Determination Date shall be the Strike Date;  
"Specified Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms 
provided that if no such percentage is specified, the Specified Percentage shall be equal to 100 per 
cent.; and 
"Selected Basket Component" means the Basket Components determined by the Determination 
Agent as follows: 
(a) 
by numbering the Basket Components in order according to the respective values for each 
Basket Component determined by dividing the Final Reference Value for such Basket 
Component by its Applicable Initial Reference Value, starting with the Basket Component 
with the highest such value (Basket Component 1) and ending with the Basket Component 
with the lowest such value (and so that, if more than one Basket Component has the same 
value, the order of the relevant Basket Components shall be as determined by the 
Determination Agent); and 
(b) 
by selecting the numbered Basket Components corresponding to the numbers specified for 
the Selected Basket Components in the applicable Issue Terms in the format "J = …" (so 
that, for example, where there are 10 Basket Components and the Selected Basket

--- Page 420 ---
Terms and Conditions of Securities 
Part 2: Additional Terms and Conditions 
Section 5 
Performance Determination Terms 
 
 
420 
 
Components are identified as "J=1,5…7" in the applicable Issue Terms, the Selected Basket 
Components will comprise the four Basket Components numbered 1, 5, 6 and 7), 
where "J" is a number from 1 to N denoting one of the Basket Components numbered as described 
in (a) and selected as described in (b) above and "N" is the total number of Basket Components, 
and provided that, if "Selected Basket Component" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
as being not applicable, then all Basket Components are deemed to be Selected Basket 
Components. 
7. 
Selected Average Global Floored Performance 
If "Selected Average Global Floored Performance" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
the Performance in respect of the Basket will be determined by the Determination Agent as of the 
relevant Performance Determination Date in accordance with the following formula: 
Performance = Max [Floor; ∑1
n
n
i=1
(Performance Rate × (
Final Reference Valuei
Applicable Initial Reference Valuei
 - Strike))] 
where: 
"i" is a series of numbers from one to n, each representing a Selected Basket Component; 
"n" means the number of Selected Basket Components in the Basket; 
"Floor" means the value specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"Performance Rate" means the percentage rate specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"Strike" means the value specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, provided that if no such 
value is specified, the Strike will be 1; 
"Final Reference Value", for any Basket Component, means the Relevant Underlying Value in 
respect of such Basket Component as of the relevant Performance Determination Date as 
determined by the Determination Agent in accordance with such provisions of Section 4 (Value 
Determination Terms) as are specified as being applicable in the applicable Issue Terms and "Final 
Reference Valuei" means such value in respect of the relevant Selected Basket Component; 
"Applicable Initial Reference Value", for any Basket Component, means a value equal to the 
product of the Initial Reference Value and the Specified Percentage and "Applicable Initial 
Reference Valuei" means such value in respect of the relevant Selected Basket Component; 
"Initial Reference Value", for any Basket Component, means, as specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, either the value specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms or the Relevant Underlying 
Value in respect of such Basket Component as of the Initial Reference Value Determination 
Date(s) as determined by the Determination Agent in accordance with such provisions of Section 
4 (Value Determination Terms) as are specified as being applicable in the applicable Issue Terms 
and "Initial Reference Valuei" means such value in respect of the relevant Selected Basket 
Component; 
"Initial Reference Value Determination Date(s)" means the date(s) specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms (which may include, without limitation, the Determination Date, each 
Averaging Date or each Observation Date), provided that, (I) in the case of Equity-Linked 
Securities, Fund-Linked Securities and Futures Contract-Linked Securities (i) if any such date is 
not a Scheduled Trading Day or a Fund Business Day (as applicable), the relevant Initial Reference 
Value Determination Date shall (A) in the case of Equity-Linked Securities or Futures Contract-
Linked Securities, be the next succeeding Scheduled Trading Day or, if either "Common 
Scheduled Trading Days and Common Disrupted Days" or "Common Scheduled Trading Days 
and Individual Disrupted Days" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the next 
succeeding Common Scheduled Trading Day; or (B) in the case of Fund-Linked Securities, be the 
next succeeding Fund Business Day or, if either "Common Fund Business Days and Common 
Disrupted Days" or "Common Fund Business Days and Individual Disrupted Days" is specified to 
be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the next succeeding Common Fund Business Day, and 
(ii) if any Initial Reference Value Determination Date is a Disrupted Day, the provisions of, as

--- Page 421 ---
Terms and Conditions of Securities 
Part 2: Additional Terms and Conditions 
Section 5 
Performance Determination Terms 
 
 
421 
 
applicable, Condition 9.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging Dates), Condition 
13.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging Dates) or Condition 15.1 (Market 
Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging Dates) shall apply mutatis mutandis as if such Initial 
Reference Value Determination Date were a Reference Date, and otherwise subject to adjustment 
in accordance with the Conditions, and (II) if no such date is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the Initial Reference Value Determination Date shall be the Strike Date;  
"Specified Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms 
provided that if no such percentage is specified, the Specified Percentage shall be equal to 100 per 
cent.; and 
"Selected Basket Component" means the Basket Components determined by the Determination 
Agent as follows: 
(a) 
by numbering the Basket Components in order according to the respective values for each 
Basket Component determined by dividing the Final Reference Value for such Basket 
Component by its Applicable Initial Reference Value, starting with the Basket Component 
with the highest such value (Basket Component 1) and ending with the Basket Component 
with the lowest such value (and so that, if more than one Basket Component has the same 
value, the order of the relevant Basket Components shall be as determined by the 
Determination Agent); and 
(b) 
by selecting the numbered Basket Components corresponding to the numbers specified for 
the Selected Basket Components in the applicable Issue Terms in the format "J = …" (so 
that, for example, where there are 10 Basket Components and the Selected Basket 
Components are identified as "J=1,5…7" in the applicable Issue Terms, the Selected Basket 
Components will comprise the four Basket Components numbered 1, 5, 6 and 7), 
where "J" is a number from 1 to N denoting one of the Basket Components numbered as described 
in (a) and selected as described in (b) above and "N" is the total number of Basket Components, 
and provided that, if "Selected Basket Component" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
as being not applicable, then all Basket Components are deemed to be Selected Basket 
Components. 
8. 
Selected Average Global Capped & Floored Performance 
If "Selected Average Global Capped & Floored Performance" is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, the Performance in respect of the Basket will be determined by the Determination 
Agent as of the relevant Performance Determination Date in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Performance = Min [Cap; Max[Floor; ∑1
n
n
i=1
(Performance Rate ×(
Final Reference Valuei
Applicable Initial Reference Valuei
 - Strike))]] 
where: 
"i" is a series of numbers from one to n, each representing a Selected Basket Component; 
"n" means the number of Selected Basket Components in the Basket; 
"Cap" means the value specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"Floor" means the value specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"Performance Rate" means the percentage rate specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"Strike" means the value specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, provided that if no such 
value is specified, the Strike will be 1; 
"Final Reference Value", for any Basket Component, means the Relevant Underlying Value in 
respect of such Basket Component as of the relevant Performance Determination Date as 
determined by the Determination Agent in accordance with such provisions of Section 4 (Value

--- Page 422 ---
Terms and Conditions of Securities 
Part 2: Additional Terms and Conditions 
Section 5 
Performance Determination Terms 
 
 
422 
 
Determination Terms) as are specified as being applicable in the applicable Issue Terms and "Final 
Reference Valuei" means such value in respect of the relevant Selected Basket Component; 
"Applicable Initial Reference Value", for any Basket Component, means a value equal to the 
product of the Initial Reference Value and the Specified Percentage and "Applicable Initial 
Reference Valuei" means such value in respect of the relevant Selected Basket Component; 
 "Initial Reference Value", for any Basket Component, means, as specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, either the value specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms or the Relevant Underlying 
Value in respect of such Basket Component as of the Initial Reference Value Determination 
Date(s) as determined by the Determination Agent in accordance with such provisions of Section 
4 (Value Determination Terms) as are specified as being applicable in the applicable Issue Terms 
and "Initial Reference Valuei" means such value in respect of the relevant Selected Basket 
Component; 
"Initial Reference Value Determination Date(s)" means the date(s) specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms (which may include, without limitation, the Determination Date, each 
Averaging Date or each Observation Date), provided that, (I) in the case of Equity-Linked 
Securities, Fund-Linked Securities and Futures Contract-Linked Securities (i) if any such date is 
not a Scheduled Trading Day or a Fund Business Day (as applicable), the relevant Initial Reference 
Value Determination Date shall (A) in the case of Equity-Linked Securities or Futures Contract-
Linked Securities, be the next succeeding Scheduled Trading Day or, if either "Common 
Scheduled Trading Days and Common Disrupted Days" or "Common Scheduled Trading Days 
and Individual Disrupted Days" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the next 
succeeding Common Scheduled Trading Day; or (B) in the case of Fund-Linked Securities, be the 
next succeeding Fund Business Day or, if either "Common Fund Business Days and Common 
Disrupted Days" or "Common Fund Business Days and Individual Disrupted Days" is specified to 
be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the next succeeding Common Fund Business Day, and 
(ii) if any Initial Reference Value Determination Date is a Disrupted Day, the provisions of, as 
applicable, Condition 9.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging Dates), Condition 
13.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging Dates) or Condition 15.1 (Market 
Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging Dates) shall apply mutatis mutandis as if such Initial 
Reference Value Determination Date were a Reference Date, and otherwise subject to adjustment 
in accordance with the Conditions, and (II) if no such date is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the Initial Reference Value Determination Date shall be the Strike Date;  
"Specified Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms 
provided that if no such percentage is specified, the Specified Percentage shall be equal to 100 per 
cent.; and 
"Selected Basket Component" means the Basket Components determined by the Determination 
Agent as follows: 
(a) 
by numbering the Basket Components in order according to the respective values for each 
Basket Component determined by dividing the Final Reference Value for such Basket 
Component by its Applicable Initial Reference Value, starting with the Basket Component 
with the highest such value (Basket Component 1) and ending with the Basket Component 
with the lowest such value (and so that, if more than one Basket Component has the same 
value, the order of the relevant Basket Components shall be as determined by the 
Determination Agent); and 
(b) 
by selecting the numbered Basket Components corresponding to the numbers specified for 
the Selected Basket Components in the applicable Issue Terms in the format "J = …" (so 
that, for example, where there are 10 Basket Components and the Selected Basket 
Components are identified as "J=1,5…7" in the applicable Issue Terms, the Selected Basket 
Components will comprise the four Basket Components numbered 1, 5, 6 and 7), 
where "J" is a number from 1 to N denoting one of the Basket Components numbered as described 
in (a) and selected as described in (b) above and "N" is the total number of Basket Components, 
and provided that, if "Selected Basket Component" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms

--- Page 423 ---
Terms and Conditions of Securities 
Part 2: Additional Terms and Conditions 
Section 5 
Performance Determination Terms 
 
 
423 
 
as being not applicable, then all Basket Components are deemed to be Selected Basket 
Components. 
9. 
Selected Absolute Average Basic Performance 
If "Selected Absolute Average Basic Performance" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
the Performance in respect of the Basket will be determined by the Determination Agent as of the 
relevant Performance Determination Date in accordance with the following formula (treating as 
an absolute value any negative value resulting from the division of the Final Reference Valuei by 
the Applicable Initial Reference Valuei and the subsequent subtraction of 1): 
Performance = ∑1
n
n
i=1
(Performance Rate× │ (
Final Reference Valuei
Applicable Initial Reference Valuei
 - Strike) │) 
where: 
"i" is a series of numbers from one to n, each representing a Selected Basket Component; 
"n" means the number of Selected Basket Components in the Basket; 
"Performance Rate" means the percentage rate specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"Strike" means the value specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, provided that if no such 
value is specified, the Strike will be 1; 
"Final Reference Value", for any Basket Component, means the Relevant Underlying Value in 
respect of such Basket Component as of the relevant Performance Determination Date as 
determined by the Determination Agent in accordance with such provisions of Section 4 (Value 
Determination Terms) as are specified as being applicable in the applicable Issue Terms and "Final 
Reference Valuei" means such value in respect of the relevant Selected Basket Component; 
"Applicable Initial Reference Value", for any Basket Component, means a value equal to the 
product of the Initial Reference Value and the Specified Percentage and "Applicable Initial 
Reference Valuei" means such value in respect of the relevant Selected Basket Component; 
"Initial Reference Value", for any Basket Component, means, as specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, either the value specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms or the Relevant Underlying 
Value in respect of such Basket Component as of the Initial Reference Value Determination 
Date(s) as determined by the Determination Agent in accordance with such provisions of Section 
4 (Value Determination Terms) as are specified as being applicable in the applicable Issue Terms 
and "Initial Reference Valuei" means such value in respect of the relevant Selected Basket 
Component; 
"Initial Reference Value Determination Date(s)" means the date(s) specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms (which may include, without limitation, the Determination Date, each 
Averaging Date or each Observation Date), provided that, (I) in the case of Equity-Linked 
Securities, Fund-Linked Securities and Futures Contract-Linked Securities (i) if any such date is 
not a Scheduled Trading Day or a Fund Business Day (as applicable), the relevant Initial Reference 
Value Determination Date shall (A) in the case of Equity-Linked Securities or Futures Contract-
Linked Securities, be the next succeeding Scheduled Trading Day or, if either "Common 
Scheduled Trading Days and Common Disrupted Days" or "Common Scheduled Trading Days 
and Individual Disrupted Days" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the next 
succeeding Common Scheduled Trading Day; or (B) in the case of Fund-Linked Securities, be the 
next succeeding Fund Business Day or, if either "Common Fund Business Days and Common 
Disrupted Days" or "Common Fund Business Days and Individual Disrupted Days" is specified to 
be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the next succeeding Common Fund Business Day, and 
(ii) if any Initial Reference Value Determination Date is a Disrupted Day, the provisions of, as 
applicable, Condition 9.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging Dates), Condition 
13.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging Dates) or Condition 15.1 (Market 
Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging Dates) shall apply mutatis mutandis as if such Initial 
Reference Value Determination Date were a Reference Date, and otherwise subject to adjustment

--- Page 424 ---
Terms and Conditions of Securities 
Part 2: Additional Terms and Conditions 
Section 5 
Performance Determination Terms 
 
 
424 
 
in accordance with the Conditions, and (II) if no such date is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the Initial Reference Value Determination Date shall be the Strike Date;  
"Specified Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms 
provided that if no such percentage is specified, the Specified Percentage shall be equal to 100 per 
cent.; and 
"Selected Basket Component" means the Basket Components determined by the Determination 
Agent as follows: 
(a) 
by numbering the Basket Components in order according to the respective values for each 
Basket Component determined by dividing the Final Reference Value for such Basket 
Component by its Applicable Initial Reference Value, starting with the Basket Component 
with the highest such value (Basket Component 1) and ending with the Basket Component 
with the lowest such value (and so that, if more than one Basket Component has the same 
value, the order of the relevant Basket Components shall be as determined by the 
Determination Agent); and 
(b) 
by selecting the numbered Basket Components corresponding to the numbers specified for 
the Selected Basket Components in the applicable Issue Terms in the format "J = …" (so 
that, for example, where there are 10 Basket Components and the Selected Basket 
Components are identified as "J=1,5…7" in the applicable Issue Terms, the Selected Basket 
Components will comprise the four Basket Components numbered 1, 5, 6 and 7), 
where "J" is a number from 1 to N denoting one of the Basket Components numbered as described 
in (a) and selected as described in (b) above and "N" is the total number of Basket Components, 
and provided that, if "Selected Basket Component" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
as being not applicable, then all Basket Components are deemed to be Selected Basket 
Components. 
10. 
Selected Absolute Average Individually Capped Performance 
If "Selected Absolute Average Individually Capped Performance" is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, the Performance in respect of the Basket will be determined by the Determination 
Agent as of the relevant Performance Determination Date in accordance with the following 
formula (treating as an absolute value any negative value resulting from the division of the Final 
Reference Valuei by the Applicable Initial Reference Valuei and the subsequent subtraction of 1): 
Performance = ∑1
n
n
i=1
(Performance Rate × Min  [Capi; │(
Final Reference Valuei
Applicable Initial Reference Valuei
- Strike) │]) 
where: 
"i" is a series of numbers from one to n, each representing a Selected Basket Component; 
"n" means the number of Selected Basket Components in the Basket; 
"Capi" means, in respect of any Selected Basket Component, the value specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms; 
"Performance Rate" means the percentage rate specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"Strike" means the value specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, provided that if no such 
value is specified, the Strike will be 1; 
"Final Reference Value", for any Basket Component, means the Relevant Underlying Value in 
respect of such Basket Component as of the relevant Performance Determination Date as 
determined by the Determination Agent in accordance with such provisions of Section 4 (Value 
Determination Terms) as are specified as being applicable in the applicable Issue Terms and "Final 
Reference Valuei" means such value in respect of the relevant Selected Basket Component;

--- Page 425 ---
Terms and Conditions of Securities 
Part 2: Additional Terms and Conditions 
Section 5 
Performance Determination Terms 
 
 
425 
 
"Applicable Initial Reference Value", for any Basket Component, means a value equal to the 
product of the Initial Reference Value and the Specified Percentage and "Applicable Initial 
Reference Valuei" means such value in respect of the relevant Selected Basket Component; 
"Initial Reference Value", for any Basket Component, means, as specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, either the value specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms or the Relevant Underlying 
Value in respect of such Basket Component as of the Initial Reference Value Determination 
Date(s) as determined by the Determination Agent in accordance with such provisions of Section 
4 (Value Determination Terms) as are specified as being applicable in the applicable Issue Terms 
and "Initial Reference Valuei" means such value in respect of the relevant Selected Basket 
Component; 
"Initial Reference Value Determination Date(s)" means the date(s) specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms (which may include, without limitation, the Determination Date, each 
Averaging Date or each Observation Date), provided that, (I) in the case of Equity-Linked 
Securities, Fund-Linked Securities and Futures Contract-Linked Securities (i) if any such date is 
not a Scheduled Trading Day or a Fund Business Day (as applicable), the relevant Initial Reference 
Value Determination Date shall (A) in the case of Equity-Linked Securities or Futures Contract-
Linked Securities, be the next succeeding Scheduled Trading Day or, if either "Common 
Scheduled Trading Days and Common Disrupted Days" or "Common Scheduled Trading Days 
and Individual Disrupted Days" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the next 
succeeding Common Scheduled Trading Day; or (B) in the case of Fund-Linked Securities, be the 
next succeeding Fund Business Day or, if either "Common Fund Business Days and Common 
Disrupted Days" or "Common Fund Business Days and Individual Disrupted Days" is specified to 
be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the next succeeding Common Fund Business Day, and 
(ii) if any Initial Reference Value Determination Date is a Disrupted Day, the provisions of, as 
applicable, Condition 9.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging Dates), Condition 
13.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging Dates) or Condition 15.1 (Market 
Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging Dates) shall apply mutatis mutandis as if such Initial 
Reference Value Determination Date were a Reference Date, and otherwise subject to adjustment 
in accordance with the Conditions, and (II) if no such date is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the Initial Reference Value Determination Date shall be the Strike Date;  
"Specified Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms 
provided that if no such percentage is specified, the Specified Percentage shall be equal to 100 per 
cent.; and 
"Selected Basket Component" means the Basket Components determined by the Determination 
Agent as follows: 
(a) 
by numbering the Basket Components in order according to the respective values for each 
Basket Component determined by dividing the Final Reference Value for such Basket 
Component by its Applicable Initial Reference Value, starting with the Basket Component 
with the highest such value (Basket Component 1) and ending with the Basket Component 
with the lowest such value (and so that, if more than one Basket Component has the same 
value, the order of the relevant Basket Components shall be as determined by the 
Determination Agent); and 
(b) 
by selecting the numbered Basket Components corresponding to the numbers specified for 
the Selected Basket Components in the applicable Issue Terms in the format "J = …" (so 
that, for example, where there are 10 Basket Components and the Selected Basket 
Components are identified as "J=1,2…5" in the applicable Issue Terms, the Selected Basket 
Components will comprise the five Basket Components from and including Basket 
Component 1 to and including Basket Component 5), 
where "J" is a number from 1 to N denoting one of the Basket Components numbered as described 
in (a) and selected as described in (b) above and "N" is the total number of Basket Components, 
and provided that, if "Selected Basket Component" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
as being not applicable, then all Basket Components are deemed to be Selected Basket 
Components.

--- Page 426 ---
Terms and Conditions of Securities 
Part 2: Additional Terms and Conditions 
Section 5 
Performance Determination Terms 
 
 
426 
 
11. 
Selected Absolute Average Individually Floored Performance 
If "Selected Absolute Average Individually Floored Performance" is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, the Performance in respect of the Basket will be determined by the Determination 
Agent as of the relevant Performance Determination Date in accordance with the following 
formula (treating as an absolute value any negative value resulting from the division of the Final 
Reference Valuei by the Applicable Initial Reference Valuei and the subsequent subtraction of 1): 
Performance= ∑1
n
n
i=1
(Performance Rate × Max [Floori; │(
Final Reference Valuei
Applicable Initial Reference Valuei - Strike) │]) 
where: 
"i" is a series of numbers from one to n, each representing a Selected Basket Component; 
"n" means the number of Selected Basket Components in the Basket; 
"Floori" means, in respect of any Selected Basket Component, the value specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms; 
"Performance Rate" means the percentage rate specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"Strike" means the value specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, provided that if no such 
value is specified, the Strike will be 1; 
"Final Reference Value", for any Basket Component, means the Relevant Underlying Value in 
respect of such Basket Component as of the relevant Performance Determination Date as 
determined by the Determination Agent in accordance with such provisions of Section 4 (Value 
Determination Terms) as are specified as being applicable in the applicable Issue Terms and "Final 
Reference Valuei" means such value in respect of the relevant Selected Basket Component; 
"Applicable Initial Reference Value", for any Basket Component, means a value equal to the 
product of the Initial Reference Value and the Specified Percentage and "Applicable Initial 
Reference Valuei" means such value in respect of the relevant Selected Basket Component; 
"Initial Reference Value", for any Basket Component, means, as specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, either the value specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms or the Relevant Underlying 
Value in respect of such Basket Component as of the Initial Reference Value Determination 
Date(s) as determined by the Determination Agent in accordance with such provisions of Section 
4 (Value Determination Terms) as are specified as being applicable in the applicable Issue Terms 
and "Initial Reference Valuei" means such value in respect of the relevant Selected Basket 
Component; 
"Initial Reference Value Determination Date(s)" means the date(s) specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms (which may include, without limitation, the Determination Date, each 
Averaging Date or each Observation Date), provided that, (I) in the case of Equity-Linked 
Securities, Fund-Linked Securities and Futures Contract-Linked Securities (i) if any such date is 
not a Scheduled Trading Day or a Fund Business Day (as applicable), the relevant Initial Reference 
Value Determination Date shall (A) in the case of Equity-Linked Securities or Futures Contract-
Linked Securities, be the next succeeding Scheduled Trading Day or, if either "Common 
Scheduled Trading Days and Common Disrupted Days" or "Common Scheduled Trading Days 
and Individual Disrupted Days" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the next 
succeeding Common Scheduled Trading Day; or (B) in the case of Fund-Linked Securities, be the 
next succeeding Fund Business Day or, if either "Common Fund Business Days and Common 
Disrupted Days" or "Common Fund Business Days and Individual Disrupted Days" is specified to 
be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the next succeeding Common Fund Business Day, and 
(ii) if any Initial Reference Value Determination Date is a Disrupted Day, the provisions of, as 
applicable, Condition 9.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging Dates), Condition 
13.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging Dates) or Condition 15.1 (Market 
Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging Dates) shall apply mutatis mutandis as if such Initial 
Reference Value Determination Date were a Reference Date, and otherwise subject to adjustment

--- Page 427 ---
Terms and Conditions of Securities 
Part 2: Additional Terms and Conditions 
Section 5 
Performance Determination Terms 
 
 
427 
 
in accordance with the Conditions, and (II) if no such date is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the Initial Reference Value Determination Date shall be the Strike Date;  
"Specified Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms 
provided that if no such percentage is specified, the Specified Percentage shall be equal to 100 per 
cent.; and 
"Selected Basket Component" means the Basket Components determined by the Determination 
Agent as follows: 
(a) 
by numbering the Basket Components in order according to the respective values for each 
Basket Component determined by dividing the Final Reference Value for such Basket 
Component by its Applicable Initial Reference Value, starting with the Basket Component 
with the highest such value (Basket Component 1) and ending with the Basket Component 
with the lowest such value (and so that, if more than one Basket Component has the same 
value, the order of the relevant Basket Components shall be as determined by the 
Determination Agent); and 
(b) 
by selecting the numbered Basket Components corresponding to the numbers specified for 
the Selected Basket Components in the applicable Issue Terms in the format "J = …" (so 
that, for example, where there are 10 Basket Components and the Selected Basket 
Components are identified as "J=1,5…7" in the applicable Issue Terms, the Selected Basket 
Components will comprise the four Basket Components numbered 1, 5, 6 and 7), 
where "J" is a number from 1 to N denoting one of the Basket Components numbered as described 
in (a) and selected as described in (b) above and "N" is the total number of Basket Components, 
and provided that, if "Selected Basket Component" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
as being not applicable, then all Basket Components are deemed to be Selected Basket 
Components. 
12. 
Selected Absolute Average Individually Capped & Floored Performance 
If "Selected Absolute Average Individually Capped & Floored Performance" is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms, the Performance in respect of the Basket will be determined by the 
Determination Agent as of the relevant Performance Determination Date in accordance with the 
following formula (treating as an absolute value any negative value resulting from the division of 
the Final Reference Valuei by the Applicable Initial Reference Valuei and the subsequent 
subtraction of 1): 
∑1
n
n
i=1
(Performance Rate × Min [Capi; Max [Floori; │(
Final Reference Valuei
Applicable Initial Reference Valuei
 - Strike)  │]]) 
where: 
"i" is a series of numbers from one to n, each representing a Selected Basket Component; 
"n" means the number of Selected Basket Components in the Basket; 
"Capi" means, in respect of any Selected Basket Component, the value specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms; 
"Floori" means, in respect of any Selected Basket Component, the value specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms; 
"Performance Rate" means the percentage rate specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"Strike" means the value specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, provided that if no such 
value is specified, the Strike will be 1; 
"Final Reference Value", for any Basket Component, means the Relevant Underlying Value in 
respect of such Basket Component as of the relevant Performance Determination Date as 
determined by the Determination Agent in accordance with such provisions of Section 4 (Value

--- Page 428 ---
Terms and Conditions of Securities 
Part 2: Additional Terms and Conditions 
Section 5 
Performance Determination Terms 
 
 
428 
 
Determination Terms) as are specified as being applicable in the applicable Issue Terms and "Final 
Reference Valuei" means such value in respect of the relevant Selected Basket Component; 
"Applicable Initial Reference Value", for any Basket Component, means a value equal to the 
product of the Initial Reference Value and the Specified Percentage and "Applicable Initial 
Reference Valuei" means such value in respect of the relevant Selected Basket Component; 
"Initial Reference Value", for any Basket Component, means, as specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, either the value specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms or the Relevant Underlying 
Value in respect of such Basket Component as of the Initial Reference Value Determination 
Date(s) as determined by the Determination Agent in accordance with such provisions of Section 
4 (Value Determination Terms) as are specified as being applicable in the applicable Issue Terms 
and "Initial Reference Valuei" means such value in respect of the relevant Selected Basket 
Component; 
"Specified Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms 
provided that if no such percentage is specified, the Specified Percentage shall be equal to 100 per 
cent.; and 
"Selected Basket Component" means the Basket Components determined by the Determination 
Agent as follows: 
(a) 
by numbering the Basket Components in order according to the respective values for each 
Basket Component determined by dividing the Final Reference Value for such Basket 
Component by its Applicable Initial Reference Value, starting with the Basket Component 
with the highest such value (Basket Component 1) and ending with the Basket Component 
with the lowest such value (and so that, if more than one Basket Component has the same 
value, the order of the relevant Basket Components shall be as determined by the 
Determination Agent); and 
(b) 
by selecting the numbered Basket Components corresponding to the numbers specified for 
the Selected Basket Components in the applicable Issue Terms in the format "J = …" (so 
that, for example, where there are 10 Basket Components and the Selected Basket 
Components are identified as "J=1,5…7" in the applicable Issue Terms, the Selected Basket 
Components will comprise the four Basket Components numbered 1, 5, 6 and 7), 
where "J" is a number from 1 to N denoting one of the Basket Components numbered as described 
in (a) and selected as described in (b) above and "N" is the total number of Basket Components 
and provided that, if "Selected Basket Component" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
as being not applicable, then all Basket Components are deemed to be Selected Basket 
Components. 
13. 
Selected Absolute Average Global Capped Performance 
If "Selected Absolute Average Global Capped Performance" is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the Performance in respect of the Basket will be determined by the Determination Agent 
as of the relevant Performance Determination Date in accordance with the following formula 
(treating as an absolute value any negative value resulting from the division of the Final Reference 
Valuei by the Applicable Initial Reference Valuei and the subsequent subtraction of 1): 
Performance = Min [Cap; ∑1
n
n
i=1
(Performance Rate ×│(
Final Reference Valuei
Applicable Initial Reference Valuei
 - Strike)│)] 
where: 
"i" is a series of numbers from one to n, each representing a Selected Basket Component; 
"n" means the number of Selected Basket Components in the Basket; 
"Cap" means the value specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"Performance Rate" means the percentage rate specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms;

--- Page 429 ---
Terms and Conditions of Securities 
Part 2: Additional Terms and Conditions 
Section 5 
Performance Determination Terms 
 
 
429 
 
"Strike" means the value specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, provided that if no such 
value is specified, the Strike will be 1; 
"Final Reference Value", for any Basket Component, means the Relevant Underlying Value in 
respect of such Basket Component as of the relevant Performance Determination Date as 
determined by the Determination Agent in accordance with such provisions of Section 4 (Value 
Determination Terms) as are specified as being applicable in the applicable Issue Terms and "Final 
Reference Valuei" means such value in respect of the relevant Selected Basket Component; 
"Applicable Initial Reference Value", for any Basket Component, means a value equal to the 
product of the Initial Reference Value and the Specified Percentage and "Applicable Initial 
Reference Valuei" means such value in respect of the relevant Selected Basket Component; 
"Initial Reference Value", for any Basket Component, means, as specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, either the value specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms or the Relevant Underlying 
Value in respect of such Basket Component as of the Initial Reference Value Determination 
Date(s) as determined by the Determination Agent in accordance with such provisions of Section 
4 (Value Determination Terms) as are specified as being applicable in the applicable Issue Terms 
and "Initial Reference Valuei" means such value in respect of the relevant Selected Basket 
Component; 
"Initial Reference Value Determination Date(s)" means the date(s) specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms (which may include, without limitation, the Determination Date, each 
Averaging Date or each Observation Date), provided that, (I) in the case of Equity-Linked 
Securities, Fund-Linked Securities and Futures Contract-Linked Securities (i) if any such date is 
not a Scheduled Trading Day or a Fund Business Day (as applicable), the relevant Initial Reference 
Value Determination Date shall (A) in the case of Equity-Linked Securities or Futures Contract-
Linked Securities, be the next succeeding Scheduled Trading Day or, if either "Common 
Scheduled Trading Days and Common Disrupted Days" or "Common Scheduled Trading Days 
and Individual Disrupted Days" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the next 
succeeding Common Scheduled Trading Day; or (B) in the case of Fund-Linked Securities, be the 
next succeeding Fund Business Day or, if either "Common Fund Business Days and Common 
Disrupted Days" or "Common Fund Business Days and Individual Disrupted Days" is specified to 
be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the next succeeding Common Fund Business Day, and 
(ii) if any Initial Reference Value Determination Date is a Disrupted Day, the provisions of, as 
applicable, Condition 9.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging Dates), Condition 
13.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging Dates) or Condition 15.1 (Market 
Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging Dates) shall apply mutatis mutandis as if such Initial 
Reference Value Determination Date were a Reference Date, and otherwise subject to adjustment 
in accordance with the Conditions, and (II) if no such date is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the Initial Reference Value Determination Date shall be the Strike Date;  
"Specified Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms 
provided that if no such percentage is specified, the Specified Percentage shall be equal to 100 per 
cent.; and 
"Selected Basket Component" means the Basket Components determined by the Determination 
Agent as follows: 
(a) 
by numbering the Basket Components in order according to the respective values for each 
Basket Component determined by dividing the Final Reference Value for such Basket 
Component by its Applicable Initial Reference Value, starting with the Basket Component 
with the highest such value (Basket Component 1) and ending with the Basket Component 
with the lowest such value (and so that, if more than one Basket Component has the same 
value, the order of the relevant Basket Components shall be as determined by the 
Determination Agent); and 
(b) 
by selecting the numbered Basket Components corresponding to the numbers specified for 
the Selected Basket Components in the applicable Issue Terms in the format "J = …" (so 
that, for example, where there are 10 Basket Components and the Selected Basket 
Components are identified as "J=1,5…7" in the applicable Issue Terms, the Selected Basket 
Components will comprise the four Basket Components numbered 1, 5, 6 and 7),

--- Page 430 ---
Terms and Conditions of Securities 
Part 2: Additional Terms and Conditions 
Section 5 
Performance Determination Terms 
 
 
430 
 
where "J" is a number from 1 to N denoting one of the Basket Components numbered as described 
in (a) and selected as described in (b) above and "N" is the total number of Basket Components 
and provided that, if "Selected Basket Component" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
as being not applicable, then all Basket Components are deemed to be Selected Basket 
Components. 
14. 
Selected Absolute Average Global Floored Performance 
If "Selected Absolute Average Global Floored Performance" is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the Performance in respect of the Basket will be determined by the Determination Agent 
as of the relevant Performance Determination Date in accordance with the following formula 
(treating as an absolute value any negative value resulting from the division of the Final Reference 
Valuei by the Applicable Initial Reference Valuei and the subsequent subtraction of 1): 
Performance = Max [Floor; ∑
1
n
n
i=1
(Performance Rate × │(
Final Reference Valuei
Applicable Initial Reference Valuei
 - Strike) │)] 
where: 
"i" is a series of numbers from one to n, each representing a Selected Basket Component; 
"n" means the number of Selected Basket Components in the Basket; 
"Floor" means the value specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"Performance Rate" means the percentage rate specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"Strike" means the value specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, provided that if no such 
value is specified, the Strike will be 1; 
"Final Reference Value", for any Basket Component, means the Relevant Underlying Value in 
respect of such Basket Component as of the relevant Performance Determination Date as 
determined by the Determination Agent in accordance with such provisions of Section 4 (Value 
Determination Terms) as are specified as being applicable in the applicable Issue Terms and "Final 
Reference Valuei" means such value in respect of the relevant Selected Basket Component; 
"Applicable Initial Reference Value", for any Basket Component, means a value equal to the 
product of the Initial Reference Value and the Specified Percentage and "Applicable Initial 
Reference Valuei" means such value in respect of the relevant Selected Basket Component; 
"Initial Reference Value", for any Basket Component, means, as specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, either the value specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms or the Relevant Underlying 
Value in respect of such Basket Component as of the Initial Reference Value Determination 
Date(s)  as determined by the Determination Agent in accordance with such provisions of Section 
4 (Value Determination Terms) as are specified as being applicable in the applicable Issue Terms 
and "Initial Reference Valuei" means such value in respect of the relevant Selected Basket 
Component;  
"Initial Reference Value Determination Date(s)" means the date(s) specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms (which may include, without limitation, the Determination Date, each 
Averaging Date or each Observation Date), provided that, (I) in the case of Equity-Linked 
Securities, Fund-Linked Securities and Futures Contract-Linked Securities (i) if any such date is 
not a Scheduled Trading Day or a Fund Business Day (as applicable), the relevant Initial Reference 
Value Determination Date shall (A) in the case of Equity-Linked Securities or Futures Contract-
Linked Securities, be the next succeeding Scheduled Trading Day or, if either "Common 
Scheduled Trading Days and Common Disrupted Days" or "Common Scheduled Trading Days 
and Individual Disrupted Days" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the next 
succeeding Common Scheduled Trading Day; or (B) in the case of Fund-Linked Securities, be the 
next succeeding Fund Business Day or, if either "Common Fund Business Days and Common 
Disrupted Days" or "Common Fund Business Days and Individual Disrupted Days" is specified to 
be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the next succeeding Common Fund Business Day, and 
(ii) if any Initial Reference Value Determination Date is a Disrupted Day, the provisions of, as

--- Page 431 ---
Terms and Conditions of Securities 
Part 2: Additional Terms and Conditions 
Section 5 
Performance Determination Terms 
 
 
431 
 
applicable, Condition 9.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging Dates), Condition 
13.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging Dates) or Condition 15.1 (Market 
Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging Dates) shall apply mutatis mutandis as if such Initial 
Reference Value Determination Date were a Reference Date, and otherwise subject to adjustment 
in accordance with the Conditions, and (II) if no such date is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the Initial Reference Value Determination Date shall be the Strike Date;  
"Specified Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms 
provided that if no such percentage is specified, the Specified Percentage shall be equal to 100 per 
cent.; and 
"Selected Basket Component" means the Basket Components determined by the Determination 
Agent as follows: 
(a) 
by numbering the Basket Components in order according to the respective values for each 
Basket Component determined by dividing the Final Reference Value for such Basket 
Component by its Applicable Initial Reference Value, starting with the Basket Component 
with the highest such value (Basket Component 1) and ending with the Basket Component 
with the lowest such value (and so that, if more than one Basket Component has the same 
value, the order of the relevant Basket Components shall be as determined by the 
Determination Agent); and 
(b) 
by selecting the numbered Basket Components corresponding to the numbers specified for 
the Selected Basket Components in the applicable Issue Terms in the format "J = …" (so 
that, for example, where there are 10 Basket Components and the Selected Basket 
Components are identified as "J=1,5…7" in the applicable Issue Terms, the Selected Basket 
Components will comprise the four Basket Components numbered 1, 5, 6 and 7), 
where "J" is a number from 1 to N denoting one of the Basket Components numbered as described 
in (a) and selected as described in (b) above and "N" is the total number of Basket Components 
and provided that, if "Selected Basket Component" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
as being not applicable, then all Basket Components are deemed to be Selected Basket 
Components. 
15. 
Selected Absolute Average Global Capped & Floored Performance 
If "Selected Absolute Average Global Capped & Floored Performance" is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the Performance in respect of the Basket will be determined by the 
Determination Agent as of the relevant Performance Determination Date in accordance with the 
following formula (treating as an absolute value any negative value resulting from the division of 
the Final Reference Valuei by the Applicable Initial Reference Valuei and the subsequent 
subtraction of 1): 
Performance = Min [Cap; Max [Floor; ∑1
n
n
i=1
(Performance Rate ×│(
Final Reference Valuei
Applicable Initial Reference Valuei
 - Strike)│)]] 
where: 
"i" is a series of numbers from one to n, each representing a Selected Basket Component; 
"n" means the number of Selected Basket Components in the Basket; 
"Cap" means the value specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"Floor" means the value specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"Performance Rate" means the percentage rate specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"Strike" means the value specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, provided that if no such 
value is specified, the Strike will be 1; 
"Final Reference Value", for any Basket Component, means the Relevant Underlying Value in 
respect of such Basket Component as of the relevant Performance Determination Date as

--- Page 432 ---
Terms and Conditions of Securities 
Part 2: Additional Terms and Conditions 
Section 5 
Performance Determination Terms 
 
 
432 
 
determined by the Determination Agent in accordance with such provisions of Section 4 (Value 
Determination Terms) as are specified as being applicable in the applicable Issue Terms and "Final 
Reference Valuei" means such value in respect of the relevant Selected Basket Component; 
"Applicable Initial Reference Value", for any Basket Component, means a value equal to the 
product of the Initial Reference Value and the Specified Percentage and "Applicable Initial 
Reference Valuei" means such value in respect of the relevant Selected Basket Component; 
"Initial Reference Value", for any Basket Component, means, as specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, either the value specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms or the Relevant Underlying 
Value in respect of such Basket Component as of the Initial Reference Value Determination 
Date(s) as determined by the Determination Agent in accordance with such provisions of Section 
4 (Value Determination Terms) as are specified as being applicable in the applicable Issue Terms 
and "Initial Reference Valuei" means such value in respect of the relevant Selected Basket 
Component; 
"Initial Reference Value Determination Date(s)" means the date(s) specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms (which may include, without limitation, the Determination Date, each 
Averaging Date or each Observation Date), provided that, (I) in the case of Equity-Linked 
Securities, Fund-Linked Securities and Futures Contract-Linked Securities (i) if any such date is 
not a Scheduled Trading Day or a Fund Business Day (as applicable), the relevant Initial Reference 
Value Determination Date shall (A) in the case of Equity-Linked Securities or Futures Contract-
Linked Securities, be the next succeeding Scheduled Trading Day or, if either "Common 
Scheduled Trading Days and Common Disrupted Days" or "Common Scheduled Trading Days 
and Individual Disrupted Days" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the next 
succeeding Common Scheduled Trading Day; or (B) in the case of Fund-Linked Securities, be the 
next succeeding Fund Business Day or, if either "Common Fund Business Days and Common 
Disrupted Days" or "Common Fund Business Days and Individual Disrupted Days" is specified to 
be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the next succeeding Common Fund Business Day, and 
(ii) if any Initial Reference Value Determination Date is a Disrupted Day, the provisions of, as 
applicable, Condition 9.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging Dates), Condition 
13.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging Dates) or Condition 15.1 (Market 
Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging Dates) shall apply mutatis mutandis as if such Initial 
Reference Value Determination Date were a Reference Date, and otherwise subject to adjustment 
in accordance with the Conditions, and (II) if no such date is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the Initial Reference Value Determination Date shall be the Strike Date;  
"Specified Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms 
provided that if no such percentage is specified, the Specified Percentage shall be equal to 100 per 
cent.; and 
"Selected Basket Component" means the Basket Components determined by the Determination 
Agent as follows: 
(a) 
by numbering the Basket Components in order according to the respective values for each 
Basket Component determined by dividing the Final Reference Value for such Basket 
Component by its Applicable Initial Reference Value, starting with the Basket Component 
with the highest such value (Basket Component 1) and ending with the Basket Component 
with the lowest such value (and so that, if more than one Basket Component has the same 
value, the order of the relevant Basket Components shall be as determined by the 
Determination Agent); and 
(b) 
by selecting the numbered Basket Components corresponding to the numbers specified for 
the Selected Basket Components in the applicable Issue Terms in the format "J = …" (so 
that, for example, where there are 10 Basket Components and the Selected Basket 
Components are identified as "J=1,5…7" in the applicable Issue Terms, the Selected Basket 
Components will comprise the four Basket Components numbered 1, 5, 6 and 7), 
where "J" is a number from 1 to N denoting one of the Basket Components numbered as described 
in (a) and selected as described in (b) above and "N" is the total number of Basket Components 
and provided that, if "Selected Basket Component" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms

--- Page 433 ---
Terms and Conditions of Securities 
Part 2: Additional Terms and Conditions 
Section 5 
Performance Determination Terms 
 
 
433 
 
as being not applicable, then all Basket Components are deemed to be Selected Basket 
Components. 
16. 
Best of – Weighted Average Performance 
If "Best of –Weighted Average Performance" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
Performance in respect of the Basket will be determined by the Determination Agent as of the 
relevant Performance Determination Date in accordance with the following formula: 
Performance = ∑Wi
n
i=1
× Performance Rate x ( 
Final Reference Valuei
Applicable Initial Reference Valuei
 - Strike) 
where: 
"i" is a series of numbers from one to n, each representing a Selected Basket Component; 
"n" means the number of Selected Basket Components in the Basket; 
"Wi" or "Relevant Weighting" means, for any Selected Basket Component, the value specified 
as the Weighting for such Selected Basket Component in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"Performance Rate" means the percentage rate specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"Strike" means the value specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, provided that if no such 
value is specified, the Strike will be 1; 
"Final Reference Value", for any Basket Component, means the Relevant Underlying Value in 
respect of such Basket Component as of the relevant Performance Determination Date as 
determined by the Determination Agent in accordance with such provisions of Section 4 (Value 
Determination Terms) as are specified as being applicable in the applicable Issue Terms and "Final 
Reference Valuei" means such value in respect of the relevant Selected Basket Component; 
"Applicable Initial Reference Value", for any Basket Component, means a value equal to the 
product of the Initial Reference Value and the Specified Percentage and "Applicable Initial 
Reference Valuei" means such value in respect of the relevant Selected Basket Component; 
"Initial Reference Value", for any Basket Component, means, as specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, either the value specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms or the Relevant Underlying 
Value in respect of such Basket Component as of the Initial Reference Value Determination 
Date(s) as determined by the Determination Agent in accordance with such provisions of Section 
4 (Value Determination Terms) as are specified as being applicable in the applicable Issue Terms 
and "Initial Reference Valuei" means such value in respect of the relevant Selected Basket 
Component; 
"Initial Reference Value Determination Date(s)" means the date(s) specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms (which may include, without limitation, the Determination Date, each 
Averaging Date or each Observation Date), provided that, (I) in the case of Equity-Linked 
Securities, Fund-Linked Securities and Futures Contract-Linked Securities (i) if any such date is 
not a Scheduled Trading Day or a Fund Business Day (as applicable), the relevant Initial Reference 
Value Determination Date shall (A) in the case of Equity-Linked Securities or Futures Contract-
Linked Securities, be the next succeeding Scheduled Trading Day or, if either "Common 
Scheduled Trading Days and Common Disrupted Days" or "Common Scheduled Trading Days 
and Individual Disrupted Days" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the next 
succeeding Common Scheduled Trading Day; or (B) in the case of Fund-Linked Securities, be the 
next succeeding Fund Business Day or, if either "Common Fund Business Days and Common 
Disrupted Days" or "Common Fund Business Days and Individual Disrupted Days" is specified to 
be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the next succeeding Common Fund Business Day, and 
(ii) if any Initial Reference Value Determination Date is a Disrupted Day, the provisions of, as 
applicable, Condition 9.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging Dates), Condition 
13.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging Dates) or Condition 15.1 (Market 
Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging Dates) shall apply mutatis mutandis as if such Initial

--- Page 434 ---
Terms and Conditions of Securities 
Part 2: Additional Terms and Conditions 
Section 5 
Performance Determination Terms 
 
 
434 
 
Reference Value Determination Date were a Reference Date, and otherwise subject to adjustment 
in accordance with the Conditions, and (II) if no such date is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the Initial Reference Value Determination Date shall be the Strike Date;  
"Specified Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms 
provided that if no such percentage is specified, the Specified Percentage shall be equal to 100 per 
cent.; and 
"Selected Basket Component" means the Basket Components determined by the Determination 
Agent as follows: 
(a) 
by numbering the Basket Components in order according to the respective values for each 
Basket Component determined by dividing the Final Reference Value for such Basket 
Component by its Applicable Initial Reference Value, starting with the Basket Component 
with the highest such value (Basket Component 1) and ending with the Basket Component 
with the lowest such value (and so that, if more than one Basket Component has the same 
value, the order of the relevant Basket Components shall be as determined by the 
Determination Agent); and 
(b) 
by selecting the numbered Basket Components corresponding to the numbers specified for 
the Selected Basket Components in the applicable Issue Terms in the format "J = …" (so 
that, for example, where there are 10 Basket Components and the Selected Basket 
Components are identified as "J=1,2…5" in the applicable Issue Terms, the Selected Basket 
Components will comprise the five Basket Components from and including Basket 
Component 1 to and including Basket Component 5), 
where "J" is a number from 1 to N denoting one of the Basket Components numbered as described 
in (a) and selected as described in (b) above and "N" is the total number of Basket Components 
and provided that, if "Selected Basket Component" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
as being not applicable, then all Basket Components are deemed to be Selected Basket 
Components. 
17. 
Worst of – Weighted Average Performance 
If "Worst of – Weighted Average Performance" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
Performance in respect of the Basket will be determined by the Determination Agent as of the 
relevant Performance Determination Date in accordance with the following formula: 
∑Wi
n
i=1
x Performance Rate × ( 
Final Reference Valuei
Applicable Initial Reference Valuei
 - Strike) 
where: 
"i" is a series of numbers from one to n, each representing a Selected Basket Component; 
"n" means the number of Selected Basket Components in the Basket; 
"Wi" or "Relevant Weighting" means, for any Selected Basket Component, the value specified 
as the Weighting for such Selected Basket Component in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"Performance Rate" means the percentage rate specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"Strike" means the value specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, provided that if no such 
value is specified, the Strike will be 1; 
"Final Reference Value", for any Basket Component, means the Relevant Underlying Value in 
respect of such Basket Component as of the relevant Performance Determination Date as 
determined by the Determination Agent in accordance with such provisions of Section 4 (Value 
Determination Terms) as are specified as being applicable in the applicable Issue Terms and "Final 
Reference Valuei" means such value in respect of the relevant Selected Basket Component; 
"Applicable Initial Reference Value", for any Basket Component, means a value equal to the 
product of the Initial Reference Value and the Specified Percentage and "Applicable Initial 
Reference Valuei" means such value in respect of the relevant Selected Basket Component;

--- Page 435 ---
Terms and Conditions of Securities 
Part 2: Additional Terms and Conditions 
Section 5 
Performance Determination Terms 
 
 
435 
 
"Initial Reference Value", for any Basket Component, means, as specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, either the value specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms or the Relevant Underlying 
Value in respect of such Basket Component as of the Initial Reference Value Determination 
Date(s) as determined by the Determination Agent in accordance with such provisions of Section 
4 (Value Determination Terms) as are specified as being applicable in the applicable Issue Terms 
and "Initial Reference Valuei" means such value in respect of the relevant Selected Basket 
Component; 
"Initial Reference Value Determination Date(s)" means the date(s) specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms (which may include, without limitation, the Determination Date, each 
Averaging Date or each Observation Date), provided that, (I) in the case of Equity-Linked 
Securities, Fund-Linked Securities and Futures Contract-Linked Securities (i) if any such date is 
not a Scheduled Trading Day or a Fund Business Day (as applicable), the relevant Initial Reference 
Value Determination Date shall (A) in the case of Equity-Linked Securities or Futures Contract-
Linked Securities, be the next succeeding Scheduled Trading Day or, if either "Common 
Scheduled Trading Days and Common Disrupted Days" or "Common Scheduled Trading Days 
and Individual Disrupted Days" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the next 
succeeding Common Scheduled Trading Day; or (B) in the case of Fund-Linked Securities, be the 
next succeeding Fund Business Day or, if either "Common Fund Business Days and Common 
Disrupted Days" or "Common Fund Business Days and Individual Disrupted Days" is specified to 
be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the next succeeding Common Fund Business Day, and 
(ii) if any Initial Reference Value Determination Date is a Disrupted Day, the provisions of, as 
applicable, Condition 9.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging Dates), Condition 
13.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging Dates) or Condition 15.1 (Market 
Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging Dates) shall apply mutatis mutandis as if such Initial 
Reference Value Determination Date were a Reference Date, and otherwise subject to adjustment 
in accordance with the Conditions, and (II) if no such date is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the Initial Reference Value Determination Date shall be the Strike Date;  
"Specified Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms 
provided that if no such percentage is specified, the Specified Percentage shall be equal to 100 per 
cent.; and 
"Selected Basket Component" means the Basket Components determined by the Determination 
Agent as follows: 
(a) 
by numbering the Basket Components in order according to the respective values for each 
Basket Component determined by dividing the Final Reference Value for such Basket 
Component by its Applicable Initial Reference Value, starting with the Basket Component 
with the lowest such value (Basket Component 1) and ending with the Basket Component 
with the highest such value (and so that, if more than one Basket Component has the same 
value, the order of the relevant Basket Components shall be as determined by the 
Determination Agent); and 
(b) 
by selecting the numbered Basket Components corresponding to the numbers specified for 
the Selected Basket Components in the applicable Issue Terms in the format "J = …" (so 
that, for example, where there are 10 Basket Components and the Selected Basket 
Components are identified as "J=1,2…5" in the applicable Issue Terms, the Selected Basket 
Components will comprise the five Basket Components from and including Basket 
Component 1 to and including Basket Component 5), 
where "J" is a number from 1 to N denoting one of the Basket Components numbered as described 
in (a) and selected as described in (b) above and "N" is the total number of Basket Components 
and provided that, if "Selected Basket Component" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
as being not applicable, then all Basket Components are deemed to be Selected Basket 
Components. 
18. 
Selection of – Weighted Average Performance 
If "Selection of – Non Equally Weighted Average Performance" is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, the Performance in respect of the Basket will be determined by the Determination

--- Page 436 ---
Terms and Conditions of Securities 
Part 2: Additional Terms and Conditions 
Section 5 
Performance Determination Terms 
 
 
436 
 
Agent as of the relevant Performance Determination Date in accordance with the following 
formula: 
∑Wi
n
i=1
× Performance Rate × ( 
Final Reference Valuei
Applicable Initial Reference Valuei
 - Strike) 
where: 
"i" is a series of numbers from one to n, each representing a Selected Basket Component; 
"n" means the number of Selected Basket Components in the Basket; 
"Wi" or "Relevant Weighting" means, for any Selected Basket Component, the value specified 
as the Weighting for such Selected Basket Component in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"Performance Rate" means the percentage rate specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"Strike" means the value specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, provided that if no such 
value is specified, the Strike will be 1; 
"Final Reference Value", for any Basket Component, means the Relevant Underlying Value in 
respect of such Basket Component as of the relevant Performance Determination Date as 
determined by the Determination Agent in accordance with such provisions of Section 4 (Value 
Determination Terms) as are specified as being applicable in the applicable Issue Terms and "Final 
Reference Valuei" means such value in respect of the relevant Selected Basket Component; 
"Applicable Initial Reference Value", for any Basket Component, means a value equal to the 
product of the Initial Reference Value and the Specified Percentage and "Applicable Initial 
Reference Valuei" means such value in respect of the relevant Selected Basket Component; 
"Initial Reference Value", for any Basket Component, means, as specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, either the value specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms or the Relevant Underlying 
Value in respect of such Basket Component as of the Initial Reference Value Determination 
Date(s) as determined by the Determination Agent in accordance with such provisions of Section 
4 (Value Determination Terms) as are specified as being applicable in the applicable Issue Terms 
and "Initial Reference Valuei" means such value in respect of the relevant Selected Basket 
Component; 
"Initial Reference Value Determination Date(s)" means the date(s) specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms (which may include, without limitation, the Determination Date, each 
Averaging Date or each Observation Date), provided that, (I) in the case of Equity-Linked 
Securities, Fund-Linked Securities and Futures Contract-Linked Securities (i) if any such date is 
not a Scheduled Trading Day or a Fund Business Day (as applicable), the relevant Initial Reference 
Value Determination Date shall (A) in the case of Equity-Linked Securities or Futures Contract-
Linked Securities, be the next succeeding Scheduled Trading Day or, if either "Common 
Scheduled Trading Days and Common Disrupted Days" or "Common Scheduled Trading Days 
and Individual Disrupted Days" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the next 
succeeding Common Scheduled Trading Day; or (B) in the case of Fund-Linked Securities, be the 
next succeeding Fund Business Day or, if either "Common Fund Business Days and Common 
Disrupted Days" or "Common Fund Business Days and Individual Disrupted Days" is specified to 
be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the next succeeding Common Fund Business Day, and 
(ii) if any Initial Reference Value Determination Date is a Disrupted Day, the provisions of, as 
applicable, Condition 9.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging Dates), Condition 
13.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging Dates) or Condition 15.1 (Market 
Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging Dates) shall apply mutatis mutandis as if such Initial 
Reference Value Determination Date were a Reference Date, and otherwise subject to adjustment 
in accordance with the Conditions, and (II) if no such date is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the Initial Reference Value Determination Date shall be the Strike Date;  
"Specified Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms 
provided that if no such percentage is specified, the Specified Percentage shall be equal to 100 per 
cent.; and

--- Page 437 ---
Terms and Conditions of Securities 
Part 2: Additional Terms and Conditions 
Section 5 
Performance Determination Terms 
 
 
437 
 
"Selected Basket Component" means the Basket Components determined by the Determination 
Agent as follows: 
(a) 
by numbering the Basket Components in order according to the respective values for each 
Basket Component determined by dividing the Final Reference Value for such Basket 
Component by its Applicable Initial Reference Value, starting with the Basket Component 
with the highest such value (Basket Component 1) and ending with the Basket Component 
with the lowest such value (and so that, if more than one Basket Component has the same 
value, the order of the relevant Basket Components shall be as determined by the 
Determination Agent); and 
(b) 
by selecting the numbered Basket Components corresponding to the numbers specified for 
the Selected Basket Components in the applicable Issue Terms in the format "J = …" (so 
that, for example, where there are 10 Basket Components and the Selected Basket 
Components are identified as "J=1,5…7" in the applicable Issue Terms, the Selected Basket 
Components will comprise the four Basket Components numbered 1, 5, 6 and 7), 
where "J" is a number from 1 to N denoting one of the Basket Components numbered as described 
in (a) and selected as described in (b) above and "N" is the total number of Basket Components 
and provided that, if "Selected Basket Component" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
as being not applicable, then all Basket Components are deemed to be Selected Basket 
Components. 
19. 
Selected Equally Weighted Average OTM Performance 
If "Selected Average OTM Performance" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms or in these 
Additional Terms and Conditions as applying in respect of any Series of Securities, and where the 
Relevant Underlying is a Basket, the Performance of the Relevant Underlying will be determined 
by the Determination Agent as of the relevant Performance Determination Date in accordance with 
the following formula: 
Performance= ∑1
n
n
i=1
 × {Performance Rate × 
Final Reference Valuei
Applicable Initial Reference Valuei
 }  - OTM Ratei 
where: 
"i" is a series of numbers from one to n, each representing a Selected Basket Component; 
"n" means the number of Selected Basket Components in the Basket; 
"Performance Rate" means the percentage rate specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"Final Reference Value", for any Basket Component, means the Relevant Underlying Value in 
respect of such Basket Component as of the relevant Performance Determination Date as 
determined by the Determination Agent in accordance with such provisions of Section 4 (Value 
Determination Terms) as are specified as being applicable in the applicable Issue Terms and "Final 
Reference Valuei" means such value in respect of the relevant Selected Basket Component; 
"Applicable Initial Reference Value", for any Basket Component, means a value equal to the 
product of the Initial Reference Value and the Specified Percentage and "Applicable Initial 
Reference Valuei" means such value in respect of the relevant Selected Basket Component; 
"Initial Reference Value", for any Basket Component, means, as specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, either the value specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms or the Relevant Underlying 
Value in respect of such Basket Component as of the Initial Reference Value Determination 
Date(s) as determined by the Determination Agent in accordance with such provisions of Section 
4 (Value Determination Terms) as are specified as being applicable in the applicable Issue Terms 
and "Initial Reference Valuei" means such value in respect of the relevant Selected Basket 
Component;  
"Initial Reference Value Determination Date(s)" means the date(s) specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms (which may include, without limitation, the Determination Date, each 
Averaging Date or each Observation Date), provided that, (I) in the case of Equity-Linked 
Securities, Fund-Linked Securities and Futures Contract-Linked Securities (i) if any such date is

--- Page 438 ---
Terms and Conditions of Securities 
Part 2: Additional Terms and Conditions 
Section 5 
Performance Determination Terms 
 
 
438 
 
not a Scheduled Trading Day or a Fund Business Day (as applicable), the relevant Initial Reference 
Value Determination Date shall (A) in the case of Equity-Linked Securities or Futures Contract-
Linked Securities, be the next succeeding Scheduled Trading Day or, if either "Common 
Scheduled Trading Days and Common Disrupted Days" or "Common Scheduled Trading Days 
and Individual Disrupted Days" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the next 
succeeding Common Scheduled Trading Day; or (B) in the case of Fund-Linked Securities, be the 
next succeeding Fund Business Day or, if either "Common Fund Business Days and Common 
Disrupted Days" or "Common Fund Business Days and Individual Disrupted Days" is specified to 
be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the next succeeding Common Fund Business Day, and 
(ii) if any Initial Reference Value Determination Date is a Disrupted Day, the provisions of, as 
applicable, Condition 9.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging Dates), Condition 
13.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging Dates) or Condition 15.1 (Market 
Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging Dates) shall apply mutatis mutandis as if such Initial 
Reference Value Determination Date were a Reference Date, and otherwise subject to adjustment 
in accordance with the Conditions, and (II) if no such date is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the Initial Reference Value Determination Date shall be the Strike Date;  
"Specified Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms 
provided that if no such percentage is specified, the Specified Percentage shall be equal to 100 per 
cent.;  
"OTM Rate" means the percentage rate specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms and "OTM 
Ratei" means such percentage rate in respect of the relevant Selected Basket Component; and 
"Selected Basket Component" means the Basket Components determined by the Determination 
Agent as follows: 
(a) 
by numbering the Basket Components in order according to the respective values for each 
Basket Component determined by dividing the Final Reference Value for such Basket 
Component by its Applicable Initial Reference Value, starting with the Basket Component 
with the highest such value (Basket Component 1) and ending with the Basket Component 
with the lowest such value (and so that, if more than one Basket Component has the same 
value, the order of the relevant Basket Components shall be as determined by the 
Determination Agent); and 
(b) 
by selecting the numbered Basket Components corresponding to the numbers specified for 
the Selected Basket Components in the applicable Issue Terms in the format "J = …" (so 
that, for example, where there are 10 Basket Components and the Selected Basket 
Components are identified as "J=1,5…7" in the applicable Issue Terms, the Selected Basket 
Components will comprise the four Basket Components numbered 1, 5, 6 and 7), 
where "J" is a number from 1 to N denoting one of the Basket Components numbered as described 
in (a) and selected as described in (b) above and "N" is the total number of Basket Components 
and provided that, if "Selected Basket Component" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
as being not applicable, then all Basket Components are deemed to be Selected Basket 
Components. 
20. 
Selected Non-Equally Weighted Average OTM Performance 
If "Selected Average Lock In Performance" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms or in these 
Additional Terms and Conditions as applying in respect of any Series of Securities, the 
Performance of the Relevant Underlying will be determined by the Determination Agent as of the 
relevant Performance Determination Date in accordance with the following formula: 
Performance = ∑Wi × Performance Rate × (
Final Reference Valuei
Applicable Initial Reference Valuei
)  - OTM Ratei
n
i=n
 
where: 
"i" is a series of numbers from one to n, each representing a Selected Basket Component; 
"n" means the number of Selected Basket Components in the Basket;

--- Page 439 ---
Terms and Conditions of Securities 
Part 2: Additional Terms and Conditions 
Section 5 
Performance Determination Terms 
 
 
439 
 
"Wi" or "Relevant Weighting" means, for any Selected Basket Component, the value specified 
as the Weighting for such Selected Basket Component in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"Performance Rate" means the percentage rate specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"Final Reference Value", for any Basket Component, means the Relevant Underlying Value in 
respect of such Basket Component as of the relevant Performance Determination Date as 
determined by the Determination Agent in accordance with such provisions of Section 4 (Value 
Determination Terms) as are specified as being applicable in the applicable Issue Terms and "Final 
Reference Valuei" means such value in respect of the relevant Selected Basket Component; 
"Applicable Initial Reference Value", for any Basket Component, means a value equal to the 
product of the Initial Reference Value and the Specified Percentage and "Applicable Initial 
Reference Valuei" means such value in respect of the relevant Selected Basket Component; 
"Initial Reference Value", for any Basket Component, means, as specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, either the value specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms or the Relevant Underlying 
Value in respect of such Basket Component as of the Initial Reference Value Determination 
Date(s) as determined by the Determination Agent in accordance with such provisions of Section 
4 (Value Determination Terms) as are specified as being applicable in the applicable Issue Terms 
and "Initial Reference Valuei" means such value in respect of the relevant Selected Basket 
Component; 
"Initial Reference Value Determination Date(s)" means the date(s) specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms (which may include, without limitation, the Determination Date, each 
Averaging Date or each Observation Date), provided that, (I) in the case of Equity-Linked 
Securities, Fund-Linked Securities and Futures Contract-Linked Securities (i) if any such date is 
not a Scheduled Trading Day or a Fund Business Day (as applicable), the relevant Initial Reference 
Value Determination Date shall (A) in the case of Equity-Linked Securities or Futures Contract-
Linked Securities, be the next succeeding Scheduled Trading Day or, if either "Common 
Scheduled Trading Days and Common Disrupted Days" or "Common Scheduled Trading Days 
and Individual Disrupted Days" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the next 
succeeding Common Scheduled Trading Day; or (B) in the case of Fund-Linked Securities, be the 
next succeeding Fund Business Day or, if either "Common Fund Business Days and Common 
Disrupted Days" or "Common Fund Business Days and Individual Disrupted Days" is specified to 
be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the next succeeding Common Fund Business Day, and 
(ii) if any Initial Reference Value Determination Date is a Disrupted Day, the provisions of, as 
applicable, Condition 9.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging Dates), Condition 
13.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging Dates) or Condition 15.1 (Market 
Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging Dates) shall apply mutatis mutandis as if such Initial 
Reference Value Determination Date were a Reference Date, and otherwise subject to adjustment 
in accordance with the Conditions, and (II) if no such date is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the Initial Reference Value Determination Date shall be the Strike Date;  
"Specified Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms 
provided that if no such percentage is specified, the Specified Percentage shall be equal to 100 per 
cent.;  
"OTM Rate" means the percentage rate specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms and "OTM 
Ratei" means such percentage rate in respect of the relevant Selected Basket Component; and 
"Selected Basket Component" means the Basket Components determined by the Determination 
Agent as follows: 
(a) 
by numbering the Basket Components in order according to the respective values for each 
Basket Component determined by dividing the Final Reference Value for such Basket 
Component by its Applicable Initial Reference Value, starting with the Basket Component 
with the highest such value (Basket Component 1) and ending with the Basket Component 
with the lowest such value (and so that, if more than one Basket Component has the same 
value, the order of the relevant Basket Components shall be as determined by the 
Determination Agent); and

--- Page 440 ---
Terms and Conditions of Securities 
Part 2: Additional Terms and Conditions 
Section 5 
Performance Determination Terms 
 
 
440 
 
(b) 
by selecting the numbered Basket Components corresponding to the numbers specified for 
the Selected Basket Components in the applicable Issue Terms in the format "J = …" (so 
that, for example, where there are 10 Basket Components and the Selected Basket 
Components are identified as "J=1,5…7" in the applicable Issue Terms, the Selected Basket 
Components will comprise the four Basket Components numbered 1, 5, 6 and 7), 
where "J" is a number from 1 to N denoting one of the Basket Components numbered as described 
in (a) and selected as described in (b) above and "N" is the total number of Basket Components 
and provided that, if "Selected Basket Component" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
as being not applicable, then all Basket Components are deemed to be Selected Basket 
Components. 
21. 
Selected Average Top Rank Performance  
If "Selected Average Top Rank Performance" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms or in 
these Additional Terms and Conditions as applying in respect of any Series of Securities, the 
Performance of the Relevant Underlying will be determined by the Determination Agent as of the 
relevant Performance Determination Date in accordance with the following formula: 
Performance = (n
N  ×Default Performance)+ 1
N × ∑(
Final Reference Valuei
Applicable Initial Reference Valuei
N-n
i=1
 - Strike) 
where: 
"n" means, number of Default Performance underlyings as specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms; 
"i" is a series of numbers from one to (N-n), each representing a Selected Basket Component; 
"(N-n)" means the number of Selected Basket Components in the Basket; 
"N" means the total number of Basket Components in the Basket; 
"Default Performance" means the value specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"Performance Rate" means the percentage rate specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"Final Reference Value", for any Basket Component, means the Relevant Underlying Value in 
respect of such Basket Component as of the relevant Performance Determination Date as 
determined by the Determination Agent in accordance with such provisions of Section 4 (Value 
Determination Terms) as are specified as being applicable in the applicable Issue Terms and "Final 
Reference Valuei" means such value in respect of the relevant Selected Basket Component; 
"Applicable Initial Reference Value", for any Basket Component, means a value equal to the 
product of the Initial Reference Value and the Specified Percentage and "Applicable Initial 
Reference Valuei" means such value in respect of the relevant Selected Basket Component; 
"Initial Reference Value", for any Basket Component, means, as specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, either the value specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms or the Relevant Underlying 
Value in respect of such Basket Component as of the Initial Reference Value Determination 
Date(s) as determined by the Determination Agent in accordance with such provisions of Section 
4 (Value Determination Terms) as are specified as being applicable in the applicable Issue Terms 
and "Initial Reference Valuei" means such value in respect of the relevant Selected Basket 
Component; 
"Initial Reference Value Determination Date(s)" means the date(s) specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms (which may include, without limitation, the Determination Date, each 
Averaging Date or each Observation Date), provided that, (I) in the case of Equity-Linked 
Securities, Fund-Linked Securities and Futures Contract-Linked Securities (i) if any such date is 
not a Scheduled Trading Day or a Fund Business Day (as applicable), the relevant Initial Reference 
Value Determination Date shall (A) in the case of Equity-Linked Securities or Futures Contract-
Linked Securities, be the next succeeding Scheduled Trading Day or, if either "Common 
Scheduled Trading Days and Common Disrupted Days" or "Common Scheduled Trading Days 
and Individual Disrupted Days" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the next

--- Page 441 ---
Terms and Conditions of Securities 
Part 2: Additional Terms and Conditions 
Section 5 
Performance Determination Terms 
 
 
441 
 
succeeding Common Scheduled Trading Day; or (B) in the case of Fund-Linked Securities, be the 
next succeeding Fund Business Day or, if either "Common Fund Business Days and Common 
Disrupted Days" or "Common Fund Business Days and Individual Disrupted Days" is specified to 
be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the next succeeding Common Fund Business Day, and 
(ii) if any Initial Reference Value Determination Date is a Disrupted Day, the provisions of, as 
applicable, Condition 9.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging Dates), Condition 
13.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging Dates) or Condition 15.1 (Market 
Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging Dates) shall apply mutatis mutandis as if such Initial 
Reference Value Determination Date were a Reference Date, and otherwise subject to adjustment 
in accordance with the Conditions, and (II) if no such date is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the Initial Reference Value Determination Date shall be the Strike Date;  
"Specified Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms 
provided that if no such percentage is specified, the Specified Percentage shall be equal to 100 per 
cent.;  
"Selected Basket Component" means the Basket Components determined by the Determination 
Agent as follows: 
(a) 
by numbering the Basket Components in order according to the respective values for each 
Basket Component determined by dividing the Final Reference Value for such Basket 
Component by its Applicable Initial Reference Value, starting with the Basket Component 
with the lowest such value (Basket Component 1) and ending with the Basket Component 
with the highest such value (and so that, if more than one Basket Component has the same 
value, the order of the relevant Basket Components shall be as determined by the 
Determination Agent); and 
(b) 
by selecting the numbered Basket Components corresponding to the numbers specified for 
the Selected Basket Components in the applicable Issue Terms in the format "J = …" (so 
that, for example, where there are 10 Basket Components and the Selected Basket 
Components are identified as "J=1,2…5" in the applicable Issue Terms, the Selected Basket 
Components will comprise the five Basket Components from and including Basket 
Component 1 to and including Basket Component 5), 
where "J" is a number from 1 to N denoting one of the Basket Components numbered as described 
in (a) and selected as described in (b) above and provided that, if "Selected Basket Component" 
is specified in the applicable Issue Terms as being not applicable, then all Basket Components are 
deemed to be Selected Basket Components; and 
"Strike" mean the value specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, provided that if no such 
value is specified, the Strike will be 1.

--- Page 442 ---
Terms and Conditions of Securities 
Part 2: Additional Terms and Conditions 
Section 6 
Commodity Reference Price 
 
 
442 
 
Section 6 
Commodity Reference Price 
 
Subject to the Terms and Conditions of the Securities, for the purposes of determining the Relevant 
Underlying Value for a Commodity or a Commodity Index: 
1. 
Gold 
(a) 
"GOLD-P.M. FIX" means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's afternoon Gold fixing 
price per troy ounce of Gold for delivery in London through a member of the LBMS authorized to 
effect such delivery, stated in U.S. Dollars, as calculated by the London Gold Market, as 
determined by the Determination Agent by reference to such publication (or such other origin of 
reference) containing or reporting such Commodity Specified Price (or prices from which such 
Commodity Specified Price is calculated) as the Determination Agent selects. 
Delivery Date: Pricing Date 
Commodity Specified Price: Afternoon Fixing 
2. 
Copper 
(a) 
"COPPER-LME CASH" means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Commodity 
Specified Price per tonne of Copper Grade A on the LME for the applicable Delivery Date, stated 
in U.S. Dollars, as determined by the LME, as determined by the Determination Agent by 
reference to such publication (or such other origin of reference) containing or reporting such 
Commodity Specified Price (or prices from which such Commodity Specified Price is calculated) 
as the Determination Agent selects. 
Delivery Date: Pricing Date 
Commodity Specified Price: Official Cash Offer Price 
3. 
Wheat 
(a) 
"WHEAT-CBOT" means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Commodity Specified 
Price per bushel of deliverable grade wheat on the CBOT of the Futures Contract for the Delivery 
Date, stated in U.S. cents, as made public by the CBOT on that Pricing Date, as determined by the 
Determination Agent by reference to such publication (or such other origin of reference) 
containing or reporting such Commodity Specified Price (or prices from which such Commodity 
Specified Price is calculated) as the Determination Agent selects. 
Delivery Date: First Nearby Month Futures Contract; provided that any Pricing Date after the date 
of the Last Trade of the Options Contract  (if there is more than one Options Contract, then the 
Options Contract with the latest date) pertaining to the First Nearby Month (the "Last Trading 
Day"), shall look to the Second Nearby Month Futures Contract, as determined by the 
Determination Agent. 
Commodity Specified Price: Official Settlement Price 
"First Nearby Month" means the month of expiration of the first Futures Contract to expire 
following that Pricing Date. 
4. 
Oil-Brent 
(a) 
"OIL-BRENT-ICE-A" means the Commodity Specified Price per barrel of Brent blend crude oil 
on the ICE Futures for the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, as made public by the ICE Futures,  
as adjusted by the Determination Agent to ensure that such price fairly represents the value of the 
Underlying Commodity at such relevant time. This can include, but is not limited to, reference to 
the First Alternative Commodity Reference Price. 
Delivery Date:  First Nearby Month. 
Commodity Specified Price:  Official Settlement Price. 
"First Nearby Month" means the month of expiration of the first Futures Contract to expire 
following that Pricing Date.

--- Page 443 ---
Terms and Conditions of Securities 
Part 2: Additional Terms and Conditions 
Section 6 
Commodity Reference Price 
 
 
443 
 
"First Alternative Commodity Reference Price" means ICE Brent NX (New Expiry) Crude 
Futures and Options Contracts. 
(b) 
"OIL-BRENT-ICE-B" means the Commodity Specified Price per barrel of Brent blend crude oil 
on ICE Futures for the Delivery Date, stated in U.S. Dollars, as made public by the ICE Futures. 
On November 7, 2011, Intercontinental Exchange, Inc. announced that ICE Futures Europe will 
introduce new ICE Brent NX (New Expiry) Crude Futures and Options contracts ("Ice Brent 
NX"), to be available for trading with a first trade date of December 5, 2011.  During any period 
in which existing ICE Brent Futures and Options are still being used, the Determination Agent 
may, in its reasonable discretion, determine that the Securities will instead be linked to ICE Brent 
NX.  The Determination Agent may make such adjustments as it determines to be necessary to 
ensure that the price of the Underlying Commodity is comparable to the Commodity Price prior 
to payments on the Securities being based upon ICE Brent NX and fairly represents the value of 
the Underlying Commodity. 
Delivery Date:  First Nearby Month 
Commodity Specified Price:  Official Settlement Price 
"First Nearby Month" means the month of expiration of the first Futures Contract to expire 
following that Pricing Date. 
(c) 
"OIL-BRENT-ICE-C" The Commodity Specified Price per barrel of Brent blend crude oil on the 
ICE Futures of the most commonly used Futures Contract for the Delivery Date (currently 
Bloomberg Code "CO1 Comdty"), stated in U.S. Dollars, as made public by the ICE Futures or 
any successor. 
Delivery Date:  First Nearby Month. 
Commodity Specified Price:  Official Settlement Price. 
"First Nearby Month" means the month of expiration of the first Futures Contract to expire 
following that Pricing Date. 
5. 
Oil - WTI 
(a) 
"WTI (OIL-WTI-NYMEX)" means the Commodity Specified Price per barrel of West Texas 
Intermediate light sweet crude oil on the NYMEX for the Futures Contract on the Delivery Date, 
stated in U.S. Dollars, as made public by the NYMEX. 
Delivery Date:  First Nearby Month 
Commodity Specified Price:  Official Settlement Price 
"First Nearby Month" means the month of expiration of the first Futures Contract to expire 
following that Pricing Date. 
6. 
DJ-UBS Commodity Indices 
(a) 
"DJ-UBS CI" means that the price for a Pricing Date will be that day's Specified Price for the 
Dow Jones – UBS Commodity Index, stated in U.S. Dollars, published by Dow Jones & Company, 
Inc, or its successor, UBS AG or its successor, and UBS Securities LLC or its successor, as 
determined by the Determination Agent by reference to such publication (or such other origin of 
reference) containing or reporting such Specified Price (or prices from which such Specified Price 
is calculated) as the Determination Agent selects. 
Delivery Date: Not Applicable 
Commodity Specified Price: Official Settlement Price

--- Page 444 ---
Terms and Conditions of Securities 
Part 3: Supplementary Provisions for Belgian Securities 
 
 
444 
 
 
PART 3: SUPPLEMENTARY PROVISIONS FOR BELGIAN SECURITIES 
If "Supplementary Provisions for Belgian Securities" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the terms and conditions set out in this section "Supplementary Provisions for Belgian Securities" 
(the "Belgian Supplemental Conditions") shall apply. In the event of any inconsistency between these 
Belgian Supplemental Conditions and the General Conditions and/or the Additional Conditions, these 
Belgian Supplemental Conditions shall prevail for the purposes of the Securities. Capitalised terms not 
defined herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Terms and Conditions of the Securities, unless 
specified otherwise. 
 
1. 
Amendments in respect of early redemption amounts  
1.1 
Following the occurrence of an Early Redemption Event which is a Force Majeure Event, any 
provisions within the relevant Conditions relating to the amount to be paid by the Issuer on such 
early redemption shall be deemed to be deleted and replaced with the following: 
"Upon redemption, the Issuer shall, if and to the extent permitted by applicable law and regulation, 
pay in respect of each Security an amount equal to the fair market value of such Security on such 
date as is selected by the Determination Agent in its reasonable discretion (provided that such day 
is not more than 15 days before the date fixed for redemption of the Security),  as calculated by 
the Determination Agent in its reasonable discretion." 
1.2 
Following the occurrence of an Early Redemption Event which is not a Force Majeure Event:  
A. 
if Minimum Redemption Amount is specified as not applicable in the Issue 
Terms, any provisions within the relevant Conditions relating to the amount to be 
paid by the Issuer on such early redemption shall be deemed to be deleted and 
replaced with the following: 
"Upon redemption, the Issuer shall pay in respect of each Security an amount equal to the 
sum of (i) the fair market value of such Security on such date as is selected by the 
Determination Agent in its reasonable discretion (provided that such day is not more than 
15 days before the date fixed for redemption of the Security) as calculated by the 
Determination Agent in its reasonable discretion, and (ii) the Issuer Costs Reimbursement 
Amount of such Security."; or 
(B) 
if Minimum Redemption Amount is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, any 
provisions within the relevant Conditions relating to the notice that must be provided by 
the Issuer to the Securityholders in respect of such event, the timing of any early 
redemption, and the amount to be paid by the Issuer on such early redemption shall be 
deemed to be deleted and replaced with the following: 
"The Issuer shall give notice (the "Put Monetisation Notice") as soon as reasonably 
practicable to the Securityholders stating that the Securities shall be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date and that the Issuer will pay in respect of each Security an amount equal to 
the Early Redemption Amount (Monetisation) on the Maturity Date, unless the 
Securityholder exercises its option to redeem some or all of the Securities on the Early 
Redemption Date (Put) at the relevant Early Redemption Amount (Put) by delivering an 
Early Redemption (Put) Option Notice, provided that such Early Redemption (Put) Option 
Notice is delivered by the Early Redemption (Put) Option Cut-Off Date. The Put 
Monetisation Notice shall state (i) brief details of the Early Redemption Event, (ii) the value 
of the Early Redemption Amount (Monetisation) and the Early Redemption Amount (Put) 
and (iii) a description of the procedure for a Securityholder to exercise its option (including 
the form of Early Redemption (Put) Option Notice), the Early Redemption (Put) Option 
Cut-Off Date and the manner in which payment will be made. 
If the Issuer has given a Put Monetisation Notice, the holder of a Security may exercise its 
option to receive payment of the Early Redemption Amount (Put) on the Early Redemption 
Date (Put) in respect of some or all of the Securities.

--- Page 445 ---
Terms and Conditions of Securities 
Part 3: Supplementary Provisions for Belgian Securities 
 
 
445 
 
In order to exercise its option, the holder of a Security (other than an Uncertificated 
Security) must before the relevant Early Redemption (Put) Option Cut-Off Date deposit the 
Security Certificate with a Paying Agent, and a duly completed Early Redemption (Put) 
Option Notice. The Paying Agent with which a Security Certificate is so deposited shall 
deliver a duly completed Early Redemption (Put) Option Receipt to the depositing 
Securityholder. No Security Certificate, once deposited with a duly completed Early 
Redemption (Put) Option Notice, may be withdrawn; provided, however, that if, prior to 
the relevant Early Redemption Date (Put), any such Security becomes immediately due and 
payable or, upon due presentation of any such Security on the relevant Early Redemption 
Date (Put), payment of the redemption moneys is improperly withheld or refused, the 
relevant Paying Agent shall mail notification thereof to the depositing Securityholder at 
such address as may have been given by such Securityholder in the relevant Early 
Redemption (Put) Option Notice and shall hold such Security Certificate at its Specified 
Office for collection by the depositing Securityholder against surrender of the relevant 
Early Redemption (Put) Option Receipt. 
In order to exercise its option, the holder of an Uncertificated Security must  before the 
relevant Early Redemption (Put) Option Cut-Off Date deposit with the Euroclear Registrar 
a duly completed Early Redemption (Put) Option Notice. The Euroclear Registrar with 
which an Early Redemption (Put) Option Notice is so deposited shall deliver a duly 
completed Early Redemption (Put) Option Receipt to the depositing Securityholder. Once 
deposited a duly completed Early Redemption (Put) Option Notice may not be withdrawn; 
provided, however, that if, prior to the relevant Early Redemption Date (Put), the related 
Security becomes immediately due and payable or, upon the relevant Early Redemption 
Date (Put), payment of the redemption moneys is improperly withheld or refused, the 
Euroclear Registrar shall mail notification thereof to the depositing Securityholder at such 
address as may have been given by such Securityholder in the relevant Early Redemption 
(Put) Option Notice and the relevant depositing Securityholder and not the Euroclear 
Registrar shall be deemed to be the holder of such Security for all purposes in such case. 
In relation to any Security in respect of which the Securityholder does not deliver an Early 
Redemption (Put) Option Notice to the Paying Agent or Euroclear Registrar, as applicable, 
by the Early Redemption (Put) Option Cut-Off Date, the Issuer shall on the Maturity Date 
pay the Early Redemption Amount (Monetisation) to the Securityholder. In relation to any 
Security in respect of which the Securityholder does deliver an Early Redemption (Put) 
Option Notice to the Paying Agent or Euroclear Registrar, as applicable, by the Early 
Redemption (Put) Option Cut-Off Date, the Issuer shall on the Early Redemption Date (Put) 
pay the Early Redemption Amount (Put) to the Securityholder. 
The Issuer's obligations under the Securities shall be satisfied in full upon payment of such 
amounts. 
The Securityholders will not be charged any costs by or on behalf of the Issuer solely in 
respect of the early redemption of the Securities." 
1.3 
The following definitions shall apply to this paragraph 1: 
"Early Redemption Amount (Monetisation)" means, in respect of each Security, the amount 
determined by the Determination Agent in its reasonable discretion in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Minimum Redemption Amount + (Derivative Value + ICRA) × (1 + 𝑟)𝑛 
where: 
"Derivative Component" means, in respect of a Security, the option component or 
embedded derivative(s) in respect of the Security which provides exposure to the Relevant 
Underlying, the terms of which are fixed on the Trade Date of the Securities (as determined 
by the Determination Agent) in order to enable the Issuer to issue such Security at the 
relevant price and on the relevant terms; 
"Derivative Value" means, in respect of a Security, the greater of zero and the value (if 
any) of the Derivative Component in respect of such Security (for the avoidance of doubt,

--- Page 446 ---
Terms and Conditions of Securities 
Part 3: Supplementary Provisions for Belgian Securities 
 
 
446 
 
taking into account any accrued unpaid interest), as calculated by the Determination Agent 
on the date the Issuer gives the Put Monetisation Notice by reference to such factor(s) as it 
determines appropriate at the relevant time and which may include the following, without 
limitation: 
(i) 
any relevant quotations or other relevant market data in the relevant market(s) 
which may include relevant rates, prices, yields, yield curves, volatilities, 
spreads, correlations and any options or other derivative pricing model; and 
(ii) 
information of the type described in (i) above from internal sources of the 
Issuer or any of its affiliates if that information is of a type used by the Issuer 
in its regular course of business for the valuation of similar derivatives; 
"ICRA" means the Issuer Costs Reimbursement Amount; 
"Minimum Redemption Amount" means, in respect of each Security, the amount equal 
to the minimum level of the Final Redemption Amount of such Security payable on the 
Maturity Date; 
"n" means the remaining term of the Securities expressed in years (or fractions thereof), 
calculated from (but excluding) the date the Issuer gives the Put Monetisation Notice to 
(and including) the Maturity Date, as determined by the Determination Agent in it 
reasonable discretion; and 
"r" means the annualised interest rate that the Issuer (or, in the case of any Securities 
guaranteed by the Guarantor, the Guarantor) offers on the date that the Issuer gives the Put 
Monetisation Notice for a debt security with a maturity date that is the Maturity Date of the 
Securities, taking into account the credit risk of the Issuer (and, if applicable, the 
Guarantor), as determined by the Determination Agent in its reasonable discretion; 
"Early Redemption Amount (Put)" means, in respect of each Security, an amount equal to the 
sum of (i) the fair market value of such Security, on such day as is selected by the Determination 
Agent in its reasonable discretion (provided that such day is not more than 15 days before the date 
fixed for redemption of the Security),  as calculated by the Determination Agent in its reasonable 
discretion and (ii) the Issuer Costs Reimbursement Amount of such Security; 
"Early Redemption Date (Put)" means the date specified as such in Put Monetisation Notice; 
"Early Redemption Event" means, in respect of a Series of Securities, the occurrence of an event 
permitting the Issuer to redeem the Securities in accordance with Condition 6.20 (Relevant Rates 
Benchmark Discontinuance or Prohibition on Use), Condition 6.21 (CMS Reference Rate - Effect 
of Index Cessation Event),  Condition 9.2(d) (Redemption for Index Adjustment Event), Condition 
9.4(a)(iv) (Merger Event or Tender Offer), Condition 9.4(b) (Nationalisation, Insolvency and 
Delisting), Condition 9.5(d) (Extraordinary ETF Events), Condition 9.6(c) (Additional Disruption 
Events), Condition 9.7(c) (Partial Lookthrough Depositary Receipt Provisions), Condition 9.8(c) 
(Full Lookthrough Depositary Receipt Provisions), Condition 10.4(c) (Administrator/Benchmark 
Events), Condition 10.6(c) (Commodity Index Disruption Events), Condition 10.7(d) (Redemption 
for Commodity Index Adjustment Event), Condition 10.8(c) (Additional Disruption Events), 
Condition 11.5(a)(iii) (Administrator/Benchmark Events), Condition 11.6(c) (Additional 
Disruption Events), Condition 12.2(e) (Cessation of Publication), Condition 12.8(c) (Additional 
Disruption Events), Condition 13.4(b)(i) (Fund Events), Condition 14.2 (Early Redemption for 
Taxation Reasons), Condition 14.4 (Early Redemption in respect of Preference Share-Linked 
Securities), Condition 14.5 (Extraordinary Events), Condition 14.6 (Additional Disruption 
Events), Condition 15.4(b) (Redemption), Condition 15.6(c) (Additional Disruption Events), 
Condition 16.2 (Tax Redemption – Morgan Stanley and MSFL Securities), Condition 16.3 (Tax 
Redemption – MSI plc and MSBV Securities), Condition 22.2 (Illegality and Regulatory Event) or 
Condition 33.2(b) (Inconvertibility Events);  
"Early Redemption (Put) Option Cut-Off Date" means the date specified as such in the Put 
Monetisation Notice; 
"Early Redemption (Put) Option Notice" means a notice which must be delivered to a Paying 
Agent by any Securityholder wanting to exercise a right to redeem a Security at the option of the 
Securityholder;

--- Page 447 ---
Terms and Conditions of Securities 
Part 3: Supplementary Provisions for Belgian Securities 
 
 
447 
 
"Early Redemption (Put) Option Receipt" means: (i) a receipt issued by a Paying Agent to a 
depositing Securityholder upon deposit of a Security Certificate with such Paying Agent; or (ii) 
by the Euroclear Registrar to a depositing Securityholder upon deposit of an Early Redemption 
(Put) Option Notice, by any Securityholder wanting to exercise a right to redeem a Security at the 
option of the Securityholder; 
"Force Majeure Event" means any event or circumstance which definitively prevents the 
performance of the Issuer's (or the Determination Agent's) obligations under the Securities and for 
which the Issuer (or the Determination Agent) is not accountable including, without limitation, 
any unavailability of communications system, failure of or interruptions in power supply or 
network computer systems, sabotage, fire, flood, explosion, acts of God, civil commotion, riots, 
insurrection, war or illegality; 
"Issuer Costs Reimbursement Amount" means, in respect of each Security, an amount equal to 
the product of: 
(i) 
the total costs of the Issuer (including, without limitation, structuring costs) paid 
by the original Securityholder as part of the Issue Price of the Security, as 
determined by the Determination Agent in its reasonable discretion; and 
(ii) 
the quotient of: 
(a) 
the number of calendar days falling in the period commencing on, but excluding, 
the date on which the Issuer gives the relevant notice to be given by the Issuer 
pursuant to paragraphs 1.2(A) or 1.2(B) (Following the occurrence of an Early 
Redemption Event which is not a Force Majeure Event) and ending on, and 
including the Maturity Date of the Securities; and 
(b) 
the number of calendar days falling in the period commencing on, but excluding, 
the Issue Date of the Securities and ending on, and including, the Maturity Date of 
the Securities. 
2. 
Amendments in respect of "Additional Disruption Events" 
2.1 
The definitions of "Additional Disruption Event" set out in Condition 9.6 (Additional Disruption 
Events), Condition 10.8 (Additional Disruption Events), Condition 11.6 (Additional Disruption 
Events), Condition 12.9 (Definitions applicable to Inflation-Linked Securities) and Condition 15.6 
(Additional Disruption Events) shall each be deemed to be deleted and replaced by the following: 
"Additional Disruption Event" means, with respect to a Series of Securities, if specified as an 
Additional Disruption Event in the relevant Issue Terms, a Change in Law."  
2.2 
The definition of "Disruption Event" for the purposes of Condition 13.6 (Definitions applicable to 
Fund-Linked Securities) shall be deemed to be deleted and replaced by the following: 
"Disruption Event" means any of the following events as determined by the Determination Agent:  
(i) 
in respect of any Fund Interest, the failure of (i) a Scheduled Fund Valuation 
Date to be a Fund Valuation Date or any continued postponement or suspension 
of such Fund Valuation Date; and/or (ii) there to be a Fund Reporting Date 
and/or Reported Net Asset Value relating to the relevant Fund Valuation Date;  
(ii) 
in respect of any Fund Interest (i) there is a failure by the Fund to pay the full 
amount (whether expressed as a percentage or otherwise) of the Redemption 
Proceeds in the Fund Interest Currency with respect to the relevant amount of 
such Fund Interest scheduled to have been paid on or by such day according to 
the Fund Documents (without giving effect to any gating, deferral, suspension 
or other provisions permitting the Fund to delay or refuse redemption of such 
Fund Interests) or (ii) a Hypothetical Investor which had submitted a valid 
redemption notice in respect of such Fund Interest (in the case of a Single Fund 
Security) or each Fund Interest comprised in the Basket of Funds (in the case of 
a Fund Basket Security) on the last date permitted pursuant to the relevant Fund 
Documents would, in the reasonable opinion of the Determination Agent, not 
have received in full the Redemption Proceeds in respect of such redemption(s)

--- Page 448 ---
Terms and Conditions of Securities 
Part 3: Supplementary Provisions for Belgian Securities 
 
 
448 
 
on or before the date which is three Business Days prior to a related scheduled 
date for payment under the Securities; and/or 
(iii) 
any closure other than for ordinary public holidays and/or any restriction or 
suspension in trading of foreign exchange markets or money markets in a 
relevant Fund Interest Currency or Specified Currency that, in the opinion of the 
Determination Agent, would have a material effect on the ability market 
participants to effect transactions in such markets,  
provided that if any event would otherwise be both a Disruption Event and Fund Event, such event 
shall be treated solely as a Fund Event."  
2.3 
The definition of "Additional Disruption Events" set out in Condition 14.8 (Definitions applicable 
to Preference Share-Linked Securities) shall be deemed to be deleted and replaced by the 
following: 
"Additional Disruption Event" means, with respect to any Series of Preference Share-Linked 
Securities, if specified as Additional Disruption Events in the relevant Issue Terms, a Change in 
Law and/or an Insolvency Filing."  
3. 
Amendments in respect of "Change in Law" 
3.1 
The definitions of "Change in Law" set out in Condition 9.9 (Definitions applicable to Equity-
Linked Securities), Condition 10.11 (Definitions applicable to Commodity-Linked Securities), 
Condition 11.8 (Definitions applicable to Currency-Linked Securities), Condition 12.9 
(Definitions applicable to Inflation-Linked Securities) and Condition 15.7 (Definitions applicable 
to Futures Contract-Linked Securities) shall each be deemed to be amended by: (i) adding the 
words "excluding with respect to the Issuer's or any of its Affiliates' hedging arrangements with 
respect to the Securities" at the end of sub-paragraph (x) thereof; and (ii) deleting the words "(y) 
it will incur a materially increased cost in performing its obligations with respect to the Securities 
(including, without limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other 
adverse effect on its tax position)" and replacing them with the words "(y) it will significantly alter 
the economics of the relevant Securities that existed on the relevant Trade Date". 
3.2 
The definition of "Change in Law" set out in Condition 14.8 (Definitions applicable to Preference 
Share-Linked Securities) shall be deemed to be amended by (i) adding the words "excluding with 
respect to the Issuer's or any of its Affiliate's hedging arrangements with respect to the Securities" 
at the end of sub-paragraph (x) thereof; and (ii) deleting the words "(y) it will incur a materially 
increased cost in performing its obligations with respect to the Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(including, without limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other 
adverse effect on its tax position)" and replacing them with the words "(y) it will significantly alter 
the economics of the relevant Securities that existed on the relevant Trade Date". 
4. 
Amendments to the definition of Implementation of Financial Transaction Tax Event in 
Condition 2.1 (Definitions)  
The definition of "Implementation of Financial Transaction Tax Event" in Condition 2.1 
(Definitions) shall be deemed to be deleted and replaced by the following: 
""Implementation of Financial Transaction Tax Event" means that, on or after the Trade Date 
of any Securities, due to the adoption of or any change in any applicable law or regulation 
(including without limitation any law or regulation implementing a system of financial transaction 
taxes in any jurisdiction, including the European Union relating to any tax, payable in respect of 
the transfer of, or issue or modification or redemption of, any financial instruments), the Issuer 
determines (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) that either it or any of 
its Affiliates would incur or has incurred a materially increased amount of tax, transfer tax, duty, 
stamp duty, stamp duty reserve tax, expense or fee (other than brokerage commissions) to enter 
into, modify or unwind the Securities or any part thereof, or perform its obligations under such 
Securities, including for the avoidance of doubt any obligation or exercise of any right to deliver 
Shares or any other asset, provided that the Issuer has determined that the nature of the adoption 
of or any change in law or regulation is such that it is applicable to investors generally when 
carrying out similar trading or hedging activities in the relevant jurisdiction."

--- Page 449 ---
Terms and Conditions of Securities 
Part 3: Supplementary Provisions for Belgian Securities 
 
 
449 
 
5. 
Amendments to the definition of Regulatory Event in Condition 2.1 (Definitions) 
The definition of "Regulatory Event" in Condition 2.1 (Definitions) shall be deemed to be deleted 
and replaced by the following: 
""Regulatory Event" means that, at any time on or after the Trade Date, as a result of: 
(i) 
an implementation or adoption of, or change in, any applicable law, regulation, 
interpretation, action or response of a regulatory authority; 
(ii) 
the promulgation of, or any interpretation by any court, tribunal, government or regulatory 
authority with competent jurisdiction (a "Relevant Authority") of, any relevant law or 
regulation (including any action taken by a taxing authority); or 
(iii) 
the public or private statement or action by, or response of, any Relevant Authority or any 
official or representative of any Relevant Authority acting in an official capacity, 
there is a reasonable likelihood of it becoming: 
(A) 
unlawful, impossible or impracticable, for the Issuer and/or the Guarantor to 
maintain the Securities and/or to maintain other instruments issued under the 
Program and/or to perform its obligations under the Securities; and/or 
(B) 
necessary for the Issuer and/or the Guarantor to obtain a licence, authorisation or 
other approval for the continuation or maintenance of the business relating to or 
supporting the Securities." 
6. 
Amendments to the definition of "Successor Share/ETF Interest" in Condition 9.4(a) 
(Merger Event or Tender Offer) 
The definition of "Successor Share/ETF Interest" in Condition 9.4(a) (Merger Event or Tender 
Offer) shall be deemed to be deleted and replaced by the following: 
""Successor Share/ETF Interest" means, in respect of an Affected Share/ETF Interest, (1) if 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, any Eligible Share or Eligible ETF Interest, as applicable; 
(2) if no Eligible Share or Eligible ETF Interest, as applicable, is specified, the successor Share or 
ETF Interest, as applicable, as determined by the Determination Agent, using commercially 
reasonable efforts, taking into account any factors which the Determination Agent determines to 
be relevant, including (but not limited to) the existence of any other Share or ETF Interest, as 
applicable, that is linked to or is a constituent of the same underlying index or asset as the Affected 
Share/ETF Interest, liquidity of the proposed successor Share or ETF Interest, as applicable, the 
prevailing market conditions at the time the Determination Agent makes its determination and the 
circumstances of the relevant Extraordinary Event; or (3) if the Determination Agent determines 
that it is unable to determine a suitable successor Share or ETF Interest, as applicable, the 
Determination Agent may determine that, where the Affected Share/ETF Interest is linked to the 
relevant underlying index (the "Related Underlying Index"), such Related Underlying Index (to 
the extent relevant) shall be the Successor Share/ETF Interest and the provisions applicable to 
Index-Linked Securities will apply to the relevant Securities with such adjustments as the 
Determination Agent determines to be appropriate." 
7. 
Amendments to the definition of Extraordinary ETF Event in Condition 9.5 (Extraordinary 
ETF Events) 
Sub-paragraph (viii) in the definition of "Extraordinary ETF Event" in Condition 9.5(f) 
(Extraordinary ETF Events) shall be deemed to be deleted and replaced by the following: 
"(viii) (A) any relevant activities of or in relation to the ETF or any ETF Service Provider 
are or become unlawful, illegal or otherwise prohibited in whole or in part as a result of 
compliance with any present or future law, regulation, judgment, order or directive of any 
governmental, administrative, legislative or judicial authority or power, or in the 
interpretation thereof, in any applicable jurisdiction (including, but not limited to, any 
cancellation, suspension or revocation of the registration or approval of the ETF by any 
governmental, legal or regulatory entity with authority over the ETF), (B) a relevant 
authorisation or licence is revoked, lapses or is under review by a competent authority in

--- Page 450 ---
Terms and Conditions of Securities 
Part 3: Supplementary Provisions for Belgian Securities 
 
 
450 
 
respect of the ETF or the ETF Service Provider or new conditions are imposed, or existing 
conditions varied, with respect to any such authorisation or licence, (C) the ETF is required 
by a competent authority to redeem any ETF Interests and/or (D) any change in the legal, 
tax, accounting or regulatory treatment of the ETF or any ETF Service Provider that is 
reasonably likely to have an adverse impact on the value of the ETF Interests or other 
activities or undertakings of the ETF or on the rights or remedies of any investor therein; 
or" 
8. 
Amendments to Condition 9.5 (Extraordinary ETF Events) 
The final paragraph of Condition 9.5 (Extraordinary ETF Events) shall be deemed to be deleted 
and replaced by the following: 
"For these purposes, "Successor ETF Interest" means, in respect of an Affected ETF Interest, (1) 
if specified in the applicable Issue Terms, any Eligible ETF Interest; (2) if no Eligible ETF Interest 
is specified, the successor ETF Interest as determined by the Determination Agent, using 
commercially reasonable efforts, taking into account any factors which the Determination Agent 
determines to be relevant, including (but not limited to) the existence of other ETFs that are linked 
to the same underlying index or asset as the Affected ETF Interest, liquidity of the proposed 
successor ETF Interest, the prevailing market conditions at the time the Determination Agent 
makes its determination; or (3) if the Determination Agent determines that it is unable to determine 
a suitable successor ETF Interest, the Determination Agent may determine that the relevant 
Securities, where the Affected ETF Interest will be linked to the relevant underlying index (the 
"Related Underlying Index") and such Related Underlying Index shall be the Successor ETF 
Interest and the provisions applicable to Index-Linked Securities will apply to the relevant 
Securities with such adjustments as the Determination Agent determines to be appropriate." 
9. 
Adjustments to the Securities to account for the occurrence of a Fund Event pursuant to 
Condition 13.4 (Fund Events) 
For the purposes of any adjustments that the Issuer may make pursuant to Condition 13.4 (Fund 
Events) to account for the occurrence of a Fund Event, notwithstanding any term to the contrary, 
including the penultimate paragraph of Condition 13.4(b)(iii), the Issuer shall not be permitted to 
take into account the value it may obtain for the transfer of any hedging arrangements in relation 
to the Securities. The Issuer, may, however, take in to account for the purposes of such adjustments 
the value a third party on arms' length terms would be willing to pay for the relevant Affected 
Fund Interest (or the portion of a hypothetical derivative contract in so far as it relates to the 
relevant Affected Fund Interest and does not take into account the creditworthiness of any party 
thereto). 
10. 
Amendments to Condition 13.6 (Definitions applicable to Fund-Linked Securities) 
10.1 
The definition of "Fund Events" shall be deemed to be amended by:  
10.2 
deleting sub-paragraph (c) of paragraph (c) (Fund Adviser Event), paragraphs (n) (Hedging 
Disruption) and (q) (Value Limitation); 
10.3 
deleting sub-paragraph (i) (Regulatory Event) and replacing it with the following: 
"(i) Regulatory Event: (A) in respect of any Fund Interest, (1) any change in the legal, tax, 
accounting, or regulatory treatments of the relevant Fund or its Fund Adviser that is reasonably 
likely to have an adverse impact on the value of such Fund Interest or on any investor therein (as 
determined by the Determination Agent) or (2) the related Fund or any of its Fund Service 
Providers becoming subject to any investigation, proceeding arbitration, litigation or official action 
by any relevant governmental, legal or regulatory authority involving the alleged violation of, or 
non-compliance with, applicable law or regulation in relation to any activities relating to or 
resulting from the operation of such Fund or another fund where, in the opinion of the 
Determination Agent, such circumstances may have an adverse effect on the relevant Fund, (B) 
any event which would have the effect of changing the amount or cost of regulatory capital that 
would have to be maintained by the Issuer and/or any Affiliate in relation to the Securities as a 
result of a change in law or regulation or as a result of any requirement under applicable law,

--- Page 451 ---
Terms and Conditions of Securities 
Part 3: Supplementary Provisions for Belgian Securities 
 
 
451 
 
regulation or other rule or requirement from time to time applicable to the Issuer and/or any 
Affiliate that requires any information-provision or other transparency requirements in respect of 
a Fund Interest, whether to keep constant the cost of regulatory capital that would have to be 
maintained by any such person in relation to the Securities or otherwise comply therewith, and the 
relevant Fund Service Provider fails to provide sufficient information in respect of a Fund Interest 
for any such person to satisfy such relevant obligations or (C) in respect of any Fund Interest and 
the related Fund (i) the withdrawal, cancellation, suspension or revocation of any registration, 
licence or approval of such Fund Interest or the related Fund by any governmental, legal or 
regulatory entity with authority over such Fund Interest or Fund; (ii) the withdrawal, suspension, 
cancellation or modification of any licence, consent, permit, authorisation or clearance required 
for the Fund or any one or more of its significant Fund Service Providers to carry out their activities 
as they are or should be carried out in compliance with applicable law or regulation; and/or (iii) 
the failure of such Fund Interest and/or the related Fund to comply with any applicable 
requirements from time to time applied by any relevant listing authority, stock exchange, quotation 
system and/or regulator that allow it to be used to determine amounts due under the Securities (or, 
in the case of (C)(i), (ii) or (iii), any official announcement indicating that any such circumstances 
may occur); 
10.4 
deleting sub-paragraph (j) (Reporting Disruption) and replacing it with the following: 
"(j) 
Reporting Disruption: in respect of any Fund Interest, (A) the occurrence of any event 
affecting such Fund Interest that, in the determination of the Determination Agent, would make it 
impossible or impracticable for the Determination Agent to determine the value of such Fund 
Interest and the Determination Agent does not expect such event to cease in the foreseeable future; 
(B) any failure of the related Fund to deliver, or cause to be delivered, or recipients in general to 
receive (1) information that such Fund has agreed to deliver, or cause to be delivered to the 
Determination Agent and/or the Issuer and/or any of the Issuer's Affiliates, as applicable, or 
(2) information that has been previously delivered to the Determination Agent and/or the Issuer 
and/or any of the Issuer's Affiliates, as applicable, in accordance with such Fund's, or its authorised 
representative's, normal practice and that the Determination Agent deems necessary for it or the 
Issuer, as applicable, to monitor such Fund's compliance with any investment guidelines, asset 
allocation methodologies or any other similar policies relating to such Fund Interest; (C) the 
related Fund ceases, for any reason whatsoever (either directly or through any Fund Service 
Provider acting on its behalf for this purpose) to provide, publish or make available its net asset 
value on any Fund Reporting Date; or (D) a Fund Service Provider informs the Determination 
Agent and/or the Issuer and/or any of the Issuer's Affiliates that any Reported Net Asset Value of 
such Fund Interest should not be relied on (whether by reason of it being only a provisional or 
estimated net asset value or for any other reason) and/or, in the opinion of the Determination 
Agent, any Reported Net Asset Value is inaccurate (which, for the avoidance of doubt, includes 
without limitation circumstances where any net asset value reported by a Fund Service Provider 
to the Issuer and/or any of the Issuer's Affiliates and/or investors in Fund Interest generally differs 
from any net asset value published on any one or more publishing service), in each case which the 
Determination Agent considers to be material to the Securities;"; 
10.5 
deleting sub-paragraph (s) (Fund Accounting Event) and replacing it with the following: 
"(s) 
Fund Accounting Event: in respect of a Fund Interest and the related Fund, any (i) change 
in the currency in which the Fund Interest's accounts are denominated; or (ii) material adverse 
change in the accounting treatment of the Fund which does or could affect a Hypothetical Investor 
and/or any of the Issuer's Affiliates (provided that such event significantly alters the economics of 
the Securities existing on the Trade Date as determined by the Determination Agent) and/or any 
actual or potential requirement to consolidate its accounts with any such entity;"; and 
10.6 
deleting sub-paragraph (t) (Fees or Charges Event) and replacing it with the following: 
"(t) 
Fees or Charges Event: in respect of a Fund (i) any material charge of a transaction fee for 
subscription or redemption of Fund Interests and/or (ii) any imposition of any taxes or similar 
charges for subscription or redemption of Fund Interests (whether by the Fund or a Fund Adviser 
in respect of holders of Fund Interests generally other than any charge or fee in existence on the 
Trade Date), including the increase to the existing level of, or introduction of any new, fees,

--- Page 452 ---
Terms and Conditions of Securities 
Part 3: Supplementary Provisions for Belgian Securities 
 
 
452 
 
commissions or other expenses payable to any person, which in each case significantly alters the 
economics of the Securities existing on the Trade Date as determined by the Determination Agent." 
11. 
Amendments to Condition 14.9 (Calculations and Determinations) 
11.1 
Condition 14.9 (Calculations and Determinations) shall be deemed to be deleted and replaced by 
the following: 
"14.9 Calculations and Determinations: The Determination Agent will make the calculations 
and determinations as described in this Condition 14.9 (Calculations and Determinations) in such 
a manner as the Determination Agent determines is appropriate acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner (having regard in each case to the criteria stipulated in the 
Conditions). 
Notwithstanding that certain calculations, determinations and adjustments in this Condition 14.9 
(Calculations and Determinations) may be expressed to be on a certain date, the Determination 
Agent may make such calculations, determinations and adjustments in respect of that date on a 
date after that date determined by it in its reasonable discretion. 
Pursuant to this Condition 14.9 (Calculations and Determinations) the Determination Agent has a 
number of discretions. These are necessary since in certain circumstances it is not reasonably 
practicable or otherwise not appropriate for certain valuations to be carried out in relation to 
relevant reference assets and in these circumstances the Determination Agent also may exercise 
certain discretions. 
The provisions of the second paragraph of this Condition 14.9 (Calculations and Determinations) 
will not apply to the calculation of the Final Redemption Amount or Early Redemption Amount."  
12. 
Amendments to the definition of Illiquidity Event in sub-paragraph (h) of Condition 15.3 
(Futures Contract Adjustment Events) 
The definition of Illiquidity Event in sub-paragraph (h) of Condition 15.3 (Futures Contract 
Adjustment Events) shall be deemed to be deleted in its entirety. 
13. 
Amendments to the definition of Inconvertibility Event in Condition 33.3 (Definitions) 
The definition of Inconvertibility Event in Condition 33.3 (Definitions) shall be deemed to be 
deleted and replaced with the following: 
"An "Inconvertibility Event" shall be deemed to have occurred if from (and including) the Trade 
Date to (and including) the Maturity Date, any event or circumstance occurs that generally makes 
it, in the reasonable discretion of the Determination Agent, impossible, unlawful or impracticable 
for the Issuer, the Determination Agent or any of its Affiliates for any reason beyond their 
reasonable control: 
(i) 
to convert the Relevant Currency into the Inconvertibility Specified Currency or the 
Inconvertibility Specified Currency into the Relevant Currency (whether directly or 
through a cross exchange rate) through customary legal channels; or 
(ii) 
to determine the rate of conversion of the Inconvertibility Specified Currency into the 
Relevant Currency or the Relevant Currency into the Inconvertibility Specified Currency 
or 
(iii) 
to transfer, or make a payment in, or delivery of, the Relevant Currency from or to, outside, 
or inside, of the Relevant Jurisdiction, in each case under (i), (ii) or (iii), in an amount up 
to the total amount of payment due to be made by the Issuer under the Securities; or 
(iv) 
to determine a rate at which any Relevant Currency can be lawfully exchanged for U.S. 
Dollars; or 
(v) 
to convert any Relevant Currency into U.S. Dollars; or 
(vi) 
to exchange or repatriate any funds outside of any jurisdiction in which any of the Relevant 
Underlying, or each Basket Component, is issued; or

--- Page 453 ---
Terms and Conditions of Securities 
Part 3: Supplementary Provisions for Belgian Securities 
 
 
453 
 
(vii) 
for the Issuer or any of its Affiliates to hold, purchase, sell or otherwise deal in any 
Securities, or any other property for the purposes of the Issuer or the Issuer's obligations in 
respect of any Securities;". 
14. 
Amendments to Condition 35 (Substitution) 
14.1 
Condition 35.1(b) (Substitution of Issuer with Morgan Stanley Group entities) shall be deemed to 
be deleted and replaced by the following: 
"(b) 
MSI plc, substitute Morgan Stanley or a subsidiary of Morgan Stanley in place of MSI plc 
as principal debtor under the Securities, provided that, unless MSI plc is subject to a legal 
restructuring (including, without limitation, a voluntary or involuntary liquidation, 
bankruptcy, insolvency, dissolution or winding-up of or any analogous proceedings 
affecting MSI plc), any Securities in respect of which such a substitution is effected will be 
fully, unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed pursuant to a guarantee of MSI plc as to 
the payment of principal of, premium, interest and supplemental amounts, if any, and any 
Additional Amounts on those Securities when and as the same will become due and 
payable, whether at maturity or otherwise, and provided further that under the terms of the 
guarantee, Securityholders will not be required to exercise their remedies against the 
substitute prior to proceeding directly against MSI plc (as guarantor);"  
14.2 
Condition 35.1(c) (Substitution of Issuer with Morgan Stanley Group entities) shall be deemed to 
be deleted and replaced by the following: 
"(c) 
MSBV, substitute Morgan Stanley or a subsidiary of Morgan Stanley in place of MSBV as 
principal debtor under the Securities, provided that, unless MSBV is subject to a legal 
restructuring (including, without limitation, a voluntary or involuntary liquidation, 
bankruptcy, insolvency, dissolution or winding-up of or any analogous proceedings 
affecting MSBV), any Securities in respect of which such a substitution is effected will be 
fully, unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed pursuant to a guarantee of MSBV as to 
the payment of principal of, premium, interest and supplemental amounts, if any, and any 
Additional Amounts on those Securities when and as the same will become due and 
payable, whether at maturity or otherwise, and provided further that under the terms of the 
guarantee, Securityholders will not be required to exercise their remedies against the 
substitute prior to proceeding directly against MSBV (as guarantor); or" 
14.3 
Condition 35.1(d) (Substitution of Issuer with Morgan Stanley Group entities) shall be deemed to 
be deleted and replaced by the following: 
"(d) 
MSFL, substitute Morgan Stanley or a subsidiary of Morgan Stanley in place of MSFL as 
principal debtor under the Securities, provided that, unless MSFL is subject to a legal 
restructuring (including, without limitation, a voluntary or involuntary liquidation, 
bankruptcy, insolvency, dissolution or winding-up of or any analogous proceedings 
affecting MSFL), any Securities in respect of which such a substitution is effected will be 
fully, unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed pursuant to a guarantee of MSFL as to 
the payment of principal of, premium, interest and supplemental amounts, if any, and any 
Additional Amounts on those Securities when and as the same will become due and 
payable, whether at maturity or otherwise, and provided further that under the terms of the 
guarantee, Securityholders will not be required to exercise their remedies against the 
substitute prior to proceeding directly against MSFL (as guarantor)."  
14.4 
Condition 35.2 (Substitution of Issuer or Guarantor with non Morgan Stanley Group entities) and 
Condition 35.6 (Right to Redemption in respect of substitutions with non Morgan Stanley Group 
entities) shall be deemed to be deleted. 
14.5 
Condition 35.3 (Conditions to substitution) shall be deemed to be deleted and replaced by the 
following: 
"35.3 Conditions to substitution  
Substitution of an Issuer or Guarantor for another entity (the "Substitute") as provided in 
Condition 35.1 (Substitution of Issuer with Morgan Stanley Group entities) or 35.2 (Substitution

--- Page 454 ---
Terms and Conditions of Securities 
Part 3: Supplementary Provisions for Belgian Securities 
 
 
454 
 
of Issuer or Guarantor with non Morgan Stanley Group entities) above (as applicable) are subject 
to the following conditions: 
(a) 
the Substitute becoming party to the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement with any 
appropriate consequential amendments, as if it had been an original party to it in place of 
the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case may be);  
(b) 
the Substitute is validly existing under the laws under which it is established or 
incorporated, has capacity to assume all rights, obligations and liabilities under the 
Securities, receipts, coupons and Guarantee, as applicable, and has obtained all necessary 
corporate authorisations to assume all such rights, obligations and liabilities under the 
Securities or Guarantee (as applicable);  
(c) 
the Substitute has obtained all necessary governmental or regulatory approvals and 
consents for the performance by it of its obligations in connection with the Securities or 
Guarantee (as applicable) and that all such approvals and consents are in full force and 
effect and that the Substitute and the Securities comply with all applicable requirements of 
the Securities Act;  
(d) 
the Fiscal Agent has confirmed to the relevant Issuer or Guarantor (as the case may be) that 
it has completed its relevant "know your customer" requirements on the proposed 
Substitute; 
(e) 
such substitution being permitted by the rules of any stock exchange on which the Securities 
are listed and each such stock exchange confirming that, following the proposed 
substitution of the Substitute, the Securities will continue to be listed on such stock 
exchange; 
(f) 
no payment in respect of the Securities, receipts and coupons is overdue at the relevant 
time;  
(g) 
at the time of any such substitution, the Substitute is in a position to fulfil all payment 
obligations arising from or in connection with the Securities in freely convertible and 
transferable lawful money without the necessity of any taxes or duties to be withheld at 
source, and to transfer all amounts which are required therefor to the Fiscal Agent without 
any restrictions;  
(h) 
if appropriate, the Substitute appointing a process agent as its agent in England to receive 
service of process on its behalf in relation to any legal action or proceedings arising out of 
or in connection with the Securities; 
(i) 
in respect of Securities which benefit from the Guarantee, such Securities shall continue to 
benefit from the Guarantee following substitution of the Issuer and/or the Guarantor (as the 
case may be), pursuant to this Condition 35;  
(j) 
in respect of Nordic Securities, the relevant NCSD has given its consent to the substitution; 
(k) 
if the Issuer does not grant a guarantee in respect of the Securities pursuant to Condition 
35.1 (Substitution of Issuer with Morgan Stanley Group entities), the Substitute having a 
long term credit rating from at least one rating agency of standard application on the 
international capital markets (including but not limited to S&P, Moody's and Fitch) which 
is at least as high as the long term credit rating of the relevant Issuer or Guarantor (as the 
case may be) being substituted immediately prior to the occurrence of the relevant 
substitution; 
(l) 
the Substitute providing an indemnity in favour of the Securityholders in relation to any 
additional tax or duties or losses suffered by Securityholders due to a different regulatory 
regime of the Substitute from that of the Issuer and in any case which arise and become 
payable solely as a result of the substitution of the Issuer for the Substitute; and 
(m) 
on the date of each substitution there being no Event of Default in existence and no event 
having occurred which remains in existence on such date which, in the absence of the

--- Page 455 ---
Terms and Conditions of Securities 
Part 3: Supplementary Provisions for Belgian Securities 
 
 
455 
 
relevant grace period, would otherwise constitute an Event of Default in relation to the 
Securities."

--- Page 456 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
456 
 
 
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS FOR SECURITIES OTHER THAN PREFERENCE SHARE-
LINKED SECURITIES 
 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS: 
THE SECURITIES ARE NOT INTENDED TO BE OFFERED, SOLD OR OTHERWISE MADE 
AVAILABLE TO AND SHOULD NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD OR OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE 
TO ANY RETAIL INVESTOR IN THE EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA (THE "EEA"). FOR THESE 
PURPOSES, A RETAIL INVESTOR MEANS A PERSON WHO IS ONE (OR MORE) OF: 
(A) 
A RETAIL CLIENT AS DEFINED IN POINT (11) OF ARTICLE 4(1) OF DIRECTIVE 
2014/65/EU (AS AMENDED, "MIFID II"); 
(B) 
A CUSTOMER WITHIN THE MEANING OF DIRECTIVE (EU) 2016/97, WHERE THAT 
CUSTOMER WOULD NOT QUALIFY AS A PROFESSIONAL CLIENT AS DEFINED IN 
POINT (10) OF ARTICLE 4(1) OF MIFID II; OR 
(C) 
NOT A QUALIFIED INVESTOR AS DEFINED IN REGULATION (EU) 2017/1129 (AS 
AMENDED, THE "PROSPECTUS REGULATION"). 
CONSEQUENTLY NO KEY INFORMATION DOCUMENT REQUIRED BY REGULATION (EU) NO 
1286/2014 (AS AMENDED, THE "PRIIPS REGULATION") FOR OFFERING OR SELLING THE 
SECURITIES OR OTHERWISE MAKING THEM AVAILABLE TO RETAIL INVESTORS IN THE 
EEA HAS BEEN PREPARED AND THEREFORE OFFERING OR SELLING THE SECURITIES OR 
OTHERWISE MAKING THEM AVAILABLE TO ANY RETAIL INVESTOR IN THE EEA MAY BE 
UNLAWFUL UNDER THE PRIIPS REGULATION.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS: 
THE SECURITIES ARE NOT INTENDED TO BE OFFERED, SOLD OR OTHERWISE MADE 
AVAILABLE TO AND SHOULD NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD OR OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE 
TO ANY RETAIL INVESTOR IN THE UNITED KINGDOM (THE "UK"). FOR THESE PURPOSES, 
A RETAIL INVESTOR MEANS A PERSON WHO IS ONE (OR MORE) OF: 
 (A) 
A RETAIL CLIENT AS DEFINED IN POINT (8) OF ARTICLE 2 OF REGULATION (EU) NO 
2017/565 AS IT FORMS PART OF "RETAINED EU LAW", AS DEFINED IN THE 
EUROPEAN UNION (WITHDRAWAL) ACT 2018 ("EUWA"); 
 (B) 
A CUSTOMER WITHIN THE MEANING OF THE PROVISIONS OF THE FINANCIAL 
SERVICES AND MARKETS ACT 2000 ("FSMA") AND ANY RULES OR REGULATIONS 
MADE UNDER THE FSMA TO IMPLEMENT DIRECTIVE (EU) 2016/97, WHERE THAT 
CUSTOMER WOULD NOT QUALIFY AS A PROFESSIONAL CLIENT AS DEFINED IN 
POINT (8) OF ARTICLE 2(1) OF REGULATION (EU) NO 600/2014 AS IT FORMS PART OF 
"RETAINED EU LAW", AS DEFINED IN THE EUWA; OR 
(C) 
NOT A QUALIFIED INVESTOR AS DEFINED IN ARTICLE 2 OF REGULATION (EU) 
2017/1129 AS IT FORMS PART OF "RETAINED EU LAW", AS DEFINED IN THE EUWA. 
CONSEQUENTLY NO KEY INFORMATION DOCUMENT REQUIRED BY REGULATION (EU) NO 
1286/2014 AS IT FORMS PART OF "RETAINED EU LAW", AS DEFINED IN THE EUWA (THE "UK 
PRIIPS REGULATION") FOR OFFERING OR SELLING THE SECURITIES OR OTHERWISE 
MAKING THEM AVAILABLE TO RETAIL INVESTORS IN THE UK HAS BEEN PREPARED AND 
THEREFORE OFFERING OR SELLING THE SECURITIES OR OTHERWISE MAKING THEM 
AVAILABLE TO ANY RETAIL INVESTOR IN THE UK MAY BE UNLAWFUL UNDER THE UK 
PRIIPS REGULATION.] 
[MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE/PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY 
TARGET MARKET:

--- Page 457 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
457 
 
SOLELY FOR THE PURPOSES OF THE MANUFACTURER'S PRODUCT APPROVAL PROCESS, 
THE TARGET MARKET ASSESSMENT IN RESPECT OF THE SECURITIES HAS LED TO THE 
CONCLUSION THAT:  
(A) 
THE TARGET MARKET FOR THE SECURITIES IS ELIGIBLE COUNTERPARTIES AND 
PROFESSIONAL CLIENTS ONLY, EACH AS DEFINED IN [DIRECTIVE 2014/65/EU (AS 
AMENDED, "MIFID II")][MIFID II]; AND  
(B) 
ALL CHANNELS FOR DISTRIBUTION OF THE SECURITIES TO ELIGIBLE 
COUNTERPARTIES AND PROFESSIONAL CLIENTS ARE APPROPRIATE. 
ANY PERSON SUBSEQUENTLY OFFERING, SELLING OR RECOMMENDING THE SECURITIES 
(A "DISTRIBUTOR") SHOULD TAKE INTO CONSIDERATION THE MANUFACTURER'S 
TARGET MARKET ASSESSMENT; HOWEVER, A DISTRIBUTOR SUBJECT TO MIFID II IS 
RESPONSIBLE FOR UNDERTAKING ITS OWN TARGET MARKET ASSESSMENT IN RESPECT 
OF THE SECURITIES (BY EITHER ADOPTING OR REFINING THE MANUFACTURER'S TARGET 
MARKET ASSESSMENT) AND DETERMINING APPROPRIATE DISTRIBUTION CHANNELS.] 
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE/PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY 
TARGET MARKET: 
SOLELY FOR THE PURPOSES OF THE MANUFACTURER'S PRODUCT APPROVAL PROCESS, 
THE TARGET MARKET ASSESSMENT IN RESPECT OF THE SECURITIES HAS LED TO THE 
CONCLUSION THAT:  
(A)  
THE TARGET MARKET FOR THE SECURITIES IS ONLY ELIGIBLE COUNTERPARTIES, 
AS DEFINED IN THE FCA HANDBOOK CONDUCT OF BUSINESS SOURCEBOOK 
("COBS"), AND PROFESSIONAL CLIENTS, AS DEFINED IN REGULATION (EU) NO 
600/2014 AS IT FORMS PART OF "RETAINED EU LAW", AS DEFINED IN THE 
EUROPEAN UNION (WITHDRAWAL) ACT 2018 ("EUWA") ("UK MIFIR"); AND  
(B)  
ALL CHANNELS FOR DISTRIBUTION OF THE SECURITIES TO ELIGIBLE 
COUNTERPARTIES AND PROFESSIONAL CLIENTS ARE APPROPRIATE.  
ANY [PERSON SUBSEQUENTLY OFFERING, SELLING OR RECOMMENDING THE SECURITIES 
(A 
"DISTRIBUTOR")]/[DISTRIBUTOR] 
SHOULD 
TAKE INTO CONSIDERATION THE 
MANUFACTURERS' TARGET MARKET ASSESSMENT; HOWEVER, A DISTRIBUTOR SUBJECT 
TO THE FCA HANDBOOK PRODUCT INTERVENTION AND PRODUCT GOVERNANCE 
SOURCEBOOK (THE "UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE RULES") IS RESPONSIBLE FOR 
UNDERTAKING ITS OWN TARGET MARKET ASSESSMENT IN RESPECT OF THE SECURITIES 
(BY EITHER ADOPTING OR REFINING THE MANUFACTURERS' TARGET MARKET 
ASSESSMENT) AND DETERMINING APPROPRIATE DISTRIBUTION CHANNELS.] 
[MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE/ RETAIL INVESTORS/ PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS 
AND ECPS TARGET MARKET: 
SOLELY FOR THE PURPOSES OF THE MANUFACTURER'S PRODUCT APPROVAL PROCESS, 
THE TARGET MARKET ASSESSMENT IN RESPECT OF THE SECURITIES HAS LED TO THE 
CONCLUSION THAT:  
(A) 
THE TARGET MARKET FOR THE SECURITIES IS ELIGIBLE COUNTERPARTIES, 
PROFESSIONAL CLIENTS AND RETAIL CLIENTS, EACH AS DEFINED IN [DIRECTIVE 
2014/65/EU (AS AMENDED, "MIFID II")][MIFID II]; AND  
[EITHER:] 
[(B) 
ALL CHANNELS FOR DISTRIBUTION OF THE SECURITIES ARE APPROPRIATE[, 
INCLUDING INVESTMENT ADVICE, PORTFOLIO MANAGEMENT, NON-ADVISED 
SALES AND PURE EXECUTION SERVICES].] 
[OR:] 
[(B) 
ALL CHANNELS FOR DISTRIBUTION TO ELIGIBLE COUNTERPARTIES AND 
PROFESSIONAL CLIENTS ARE APPROPRIATE; AND

--- Page 458 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
458 
 
(C) 
THE FOLLOWING CHANNELS FOR DISTRIBUTION OF THE SECURITIES TO RETAIL 
CLIENTS ARE APPROPRIATE – INVESTMENT ADVICE[,/ AND] PORTFOLIO 
MANAGEMENT[,/ AND] [NON-ADVISED SALES] [AND PURE EXECUTION SERVICES][, 
SUBJECT 
TO 
THE 
DISTRIBUTER'S 
SUITABILITY 
AND 
APPROPRIATENESS 
OBLIGATIONS UNDER MIFID II, AS APPLICABLE].] 
ANY PERSON SUBSEQUENTLY OFFERING, SELLING OR RECOMMENDING THE SECURITIES 
(A "DISTRIBUTOR") SHOULD TAKE INTO CONSIDERATION THE MANUFACTURER'S 
TARGET MARKET ASSESSMENT; HOWEVER, A DISTRIBUTOR SUBJECT TO MIFID II IS 
RESPONSIBLE FOR UNDERTAKING ITS OWN TARGET MARKET ASSESSMENT IN RESPECT 
OF THE SECURITIES (BY EITHER ADOPTING OR REFINING THE MANUFACTURER'S TARGET 
MARKET ASSESSMENT) AND DETERMINING APPROPRIATE DISTRIBUTION CHANNELS.] 
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE/ RETAIL INVESTORS/ PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS 
AND ECPS TARGET MARKET: 
SOLELY FOR THE PURPOSES OF THE MANUFACTURER'S PRODUCT APPROVAL PROCESS, 
THE TARGET MARKET ASSESSMENT IN RESPECT OF THE SECURITIES HAS LED TO THE 
CONCLUSION THAT:  
(A)  
THE TARGET MARKET FOR THE SECURITIES IS RETAIL CLIENTS, AS DEFINED IN 
POINT (8) OF ARTICLE 2 OF REGULATION (EU) NO 2017/565 AS IT FORMS PART OF 
"RETAINED EU LAW", AS DEFINED IN THE EUROPEAN UNION (WITHDRAWAL) ACT 
2018 ("EUWA"), AND ELIGIBLE COUNTERPARTIES, AS DEFINED IN THE FCA 
HANDBOOK CONDUCT OF BUSINESS SOURCEBOOK ("COBS"), AND PROFESSIONAL 
CLIENTS, AS DEFINED IN REGULATION (EU) NO 600/2014 AS IT FORMS PART OF 
"RETAINED EU LAW", AS DEFINED IN THE EUWA ("UK MIFIR"); AND  
[EITHER:] 
[(B)  
ALL CHANNELS FOR DISTRIBUTION OF THE SECURITIES ARE APPROPRIATE[, 
INCLUDING INVESTMENT ADVICE, PORTFOLIO MANAGEMENT, NON-ADVISED 
SALES AND PURE EXECUTION SERVICES].] 
[OR:] 
[(B) 
ALL CHANNELS FOR DISTRIBUTION TO ELIGIBLE COUNTERPARTIES AND 
PROFESSIONAL CLIENTS ARE APPROPRIATE; AND 
(C) 
THE FOLLOWING CHANNELS FOR DISTRIBUTION OF THE SECURITIES TO RETAIL 
CLIENTS ARE APPROPRIATE – INVESTMENT ADVICE[,/ AND] PORTFOLIO 
MANAGEMENT[,/ AND] [NON-ADVISED SALES] [AND PURE EXECUTION SERVICES][, 
SUBJECT 
TO 
THE 
DISTRIBUTER'S 
SUITABILITY 
AND 
APPROPRIATENESS 
OBLIGATIONS UNDER COBS, AS APPLICABLE].]  
ANY [PERSON SUBSEQUENTLY OFFERING, SELLING OR RECOMMENDING THE SECURITIES 
(A 
"DISTRIBUTOR")]/[DISTRIBUTOR] 
SHOULD 
TAKE INTO CONSIDERATION THE 
MANUFACTURERS' TARGET MARKET ASSESSMENT; HOWEVER, A DISTRIBUTOR SUBJECT 
TO THE FCA HANDBOOK PRODUCT INTERVENTION AND PRODUCT GOVERNANCE 
SOURCEBOOK (THE "UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE RULES") IS RESPONSIBLE FOR 
UNDERTAKING ITS OWN TARGET MARKET ASSESSMENT IN RESPECT OF THE SECURITIES 
(BY EITHER ADOPTING OR REFINING THE MANUFACTURERS' TARGET MARKET 
ASSESSMENT) AND DETERMINING APPROPRIATE DISTRIBUTION CHANNELS.] 
 [These Securities are Other Income Securities]1 
Final Terms dated [⚫] 
[MORGAN STANLEY]/[MORGAN STANLEY & CO, INTERNATIONAL plc]/[MORGAN STANLEY 
B.V.]/[MORGAN STANLEY FINANCE LLC] 
 
1 
Insert if Morgan Stanley Finance LLC is the Issuer and the Securities are classified as Other Income Securities.

--- Page 459 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
459 
 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): [IGJSJL3JD5P30I6NJZ34]2/[ 4PQUHN3JPFGFNF3BB653]3/[ 
KG1FTTDCK4KNVM3OHB52]4/[ 5493003FCPSE9RKT4B56]5 
Issue of [[Aggregate Nominal Amount][Number of Units] of Tranche] [Title of Securities] 
[Guaranteed by Morgan Stanley] 
under the Regulation S Program for the Issuance of Notes and Certificates, Series A and Series B, and 
Warrants 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
This document constitutes Final Terms relating to the issue of Securities described herein.  Terms used 
herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 15 July 2022 [and the supplement[s] dated [⚫][,[⚫] … [⚫]] to the 
Base Prospectus] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") for the purposes 
of the Prospectus Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2017/1129) (the "Prospectus Regulation").  This document 
constitutes the Final Terms of the Securities described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus 
Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus [as so supplemented].  Full 
information on the Issuer[, the Guarantor] and the offer of the Securities is only available on the basis of 
the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus.  [However, a summary of the Issue is 
annexed to these Final Terms.]6 Copies of the Base Prospectus [and any supplement(s) thereto] are available 
from the offices of Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc at 25 Cabot Square, Canary Wharf, London, 
E14 4QA [and on the Issuers' website at http://sp.morganstanley.com/EU/Documents] and copies of the 
Base Prospectus [and any supplement(s) thereto] and these Final Terms are available on the website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange at www.bourse.lu. 
[OR USE THE FOLLOWING ALTERNATIVE LANGUAGE IF THE FIRST TRANCHE OF AN ISSUE 
WHICH IS BEING INCREASED WAS ISSUED UNDER A BASE PROSPECTUS WITH AN EARLIER 
DATE: 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions of 
the Securities set forth in the Base Prospectus dated [17 July 2013 and the supplement to it dated 30 August 
2013]/[16 December 2013]/[16 December 2014 and the supplement to it dated 12 May 2015]/[15 December 
2015]/[21 October 2016 and the supplement to it dated 20 December 2016]/[10 October 2017 and the 
supplement to it dated 29 March 2018]/[9 October 2018 and the supplements to it dated 25 January 2019 
and 21 March 2019]/[16 July 2019 and the supplements to it dated 17 October 2019, 23 March 2020 and 1 
April 2020]/[16 July 2020 and the supplements to it dated 17 November 2020 and 15 March 2021]/[16 July 
2021] which are incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus dated 15 July 2022. This document 
constitutes the Final Terms of the Securities described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus 
Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 15 July 2022 [and the 
supplement(s) to it dated •], which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the 
Prospectus Regulation (the "Base Prospectus"), save in respect of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Securities which are extracted from the Base Prospectus dated [17 July 2013 and the supplement to it dated 
30 August 2013]/[16 December 2013]/[16 December 2014 and the supplement to it dated 12 May 2015]/[15 
December 2015]/[21 October 2016 and the supplement to it dated 20 December 2016]/[10 October 2017 
and the supplement to it dated 29 March 2018]/[9 October 2018 and the supplements to it dated 25 January 
2019 and 21 March 2019]/[16 July 2019 and the supplements to it dated 17 October 2019, 23 March 2020 
and 1 April 2020]/[16 July 2020 and the supplements to it dated 17 November 2020 and 15 March 2021]/[16 
July 2021]. Full information on the Issuer [, the Guarantor(s)] and the offer of the Securities is only available 
on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms, the Base Prospectus [and the supplement(s) dated 
[•]]. [However, a summary of the issue of the Securities is annexed to these Final Terms.]7 Copies of the 
Base Prospectus [and any supplement(s) thereto] are available from the offices of Morgan Stanley & Co. 
International plc at 25 Cabot Square, Canary Wharf, London, E14 4QA [and on the Issuers' website at 
http://sp.morganstanley.com/EU/Documents] and copies of the Base Prospectus [and any supplement(s) 
 
2 
Insert if Morgan Stanley is the Issuer. 
3 
Insert if Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc is the Issuer. 
4 
Insert if Morgan Stanley B.V. is the Issuer. 
5 
Insert if Morgan Stanley Finance LLC is the Issuer. 
6 
Insert if Securities are (i) Certificates or (ii) Notes with denominations lower than EUR 100,000. 
7 
Insert if Securities are (i) Certificates or (ii) Notes with denominations lower than EUR 100,000.

--- Page 460 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
460 
 
thereto] and these Final Terms are available on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange at 
www.bourse.lu.] 
[In case of Public Offer continuing after the validity of the Base Prospectus: The Base Prospectus expires 
on 
[●] 
2023. 
The 
updated 
base 
prospectus 
will 
be 
available 
at 
http://sp.morganstanley.com/EU/Documents.]  
[Insert in case of an offer in Switzerland: The Securities do not constitute a collective investment scheme 
within the meaning of the Swiss Federal Act on Collective Investment Schemes ("CISA"). The Securities 
are neither subject to the authorisation nor to the supervision by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory 
Authority FINMA and investors do not benefit from the specific investor protection provided under the 
CISA. Investors should be aware that they are exposed to the credit risk of the Issuer and, if applicable, of 
the Guarantor.] 
[Insert in case of a public offering in Switzerland requiring a prospectus: These Final Terms must be read 
together with the Base Prospectus, which was included as a foreign prospectus, which is deemed approved 
also in Switzerland pursuant to Article 54(2) of the Swiss Federal Act on Financial Services ("FinSA") by 
SIX Exchange Regulation AG as reviewing body (Prüfstelle), in the list of approved prospectuses and 
deposited with it and published pursuant to Article 64 FinSA. These Final Terms will also be deposited 
with SIX Exchange Regulation AG as reviewing body and published pursuant to Article 64 FinSA.] 
[(Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable".  Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-paragraphs.  
Italics denote guidance for completing the Final Terms)] 
 
1. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[⚫] 
 
 
(ii) 
Series Designation: 
[Series A]/[Series B] 
 
 
[(iii) [Tranche Number:] 
[⚫] 
[Fungible with the [currency] [⚫] [Title of the Securities] 
issued by [⚫], bearing ISIN [⚫]] 
 
2. 
Specified Currency or 
Currencies: 
[⚫] 
 
3. 
[Aggregate Nominal 
Amount]/[Number of Units] 
/[Number] of the Securities: 
[⚫]8 
 
 
[(i)] 
Series: 
[⚫] 
 
 
[(ii) 
Tranche: 
[⚫]] 
 
4. 
Issue Price 
[⚫] per cent. of par per Security/[⚫] per Security 
 
5. 
(i) 
Type of Securities: 
[Notes][Certificates] 
 
(ii) 
[Specified 
Denomination(s): 
[⚫] [and integral multiples of [⚫] in excess thereof]. 
(N.B. where multiple denominations above €100,000 (or 
its equivalent in other currencies) are being used the 
following sample wording should be followed: 
[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in excess 
thereof up to and including [€199,000].  No Securities in 
 
 
8 
Where the amount is not known at the beginning of the offer period (e.g. an "up to" amount), notices of final offer amount will need to be submitted 
where the Securities are listed or admitted to trading.

--- Page 461 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
461 
 
definitive form will be issued with a denomination above 
[€199,000]"]) 
(NB:  The exchange upon notice at any time shall not be 
applicable if this language is used.  Furthermore, such 
Specified Denomination construction is not permitted in 
relation to any issuance of Securities which are to be 
represented on issue by Permanent Bearer Global 
Securities exchangeable for Definitive Securities.) 
(N.B. Securities (including Securities denominated in 
Sterling) in respect of which the issue proceeds are to be 
accepted by the Issuer in the United Kingdom or whose 
issue otherwise constitutes a contravention of Section 19 
FSMA and which have a maturity of less than one year 
must have a minimum redemption value of £100,000 (or 
its equivalent in other currencies)). 
[In respect of Securities denominated in UDI: 
Notwithstanding that the Securities are denominated in 
UDI, amounts payable under the Securities will be 
amounts in MXN determined by reference to the 
Calculation Amount.]] 
(Delete if Securities are Certificates) 
(iii) 
[Specified Unit Value: 
[⚫] 
[In respect of Securities denominated in UDI: 
Notwithstanding that the Securities are denominated in 
UDI, amounts payable under the Securities will be 
amounts in MXN determined by reference to the 
Calculation Amount.]] 
(N.B. Securities (including Securities denominated in 
Sterling) in respect of which the issue proceeds are to be 
accepted by the Issuer in the United Kingdom or whose 
issue otherwise constitutes a contravention of Section 19 
FSMA and which have a maturity of less than one year 
must have a minimum redemption value of £100,000 (or 
its equivalent in other currencies)). 
[In respect of Securities denominated in UDI: 
Notwithstanding that the Securities are denominated in 
UDI, amounts payable under the Securities will be 
amounts in MXN determined by reference to the 
Calculation Amount.]] 
(Delete if Securities are Notes) 
 
 
(iv) 
Calculation Amount: 
[⚫] 
[In respect of Securities denominated in UDI: 
Notwithstanding that the Securities are denominated in 
UDI, amounts payable under the Securities will be 
amounts in MXN determined by reference to the 
Calculation Amount.] 
 
6. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[⚫] 
 
 
(ii) 
Trade Date: 
[⚫] 
 
 
(iii) 
Interest 
Commencement Date 
[⚫]/[Issue Date]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 462 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
462 
 
 
 
[OR] 
 
 
 
[In relation to interest payable under General Condition 
5 (Fixed Rate Security Provisions), [●]. See Paragraph 
15 below for further details.] 
 
 
 
[In relation to interest payable under General Condition 
6 (Floating Rate Security, Equity-Linked, Commodity-
Linked, 
Currency-Linked, Inflation-Linked, 
Fund-
Linked 
and 
Futures 
Contract-Linked 
Interest 
Provisions), [●]. See Paragraph 16 below for further 
details] 
[As specified in the Interest Basis Table set out in 
Paragraph 10 below] (include if Securities are subject to 
different Interest Basis during their lifetime, and delete 
as appropriate) 
 
 
(iv) 
2006 ISDA Definitions 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]  
 
 
(v) 
2021 ISDA Definitions 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]  
 
 
(vi) 
Strike Date: 
[⚫] 
 
 
(vii) 
Determination Date: 
[⚫] 
 
7. 
Maturity Date: 
[[Scheduled Maturity Date is] [⚫]]/[The Interest 
Payment Date falling in, or nearest to, [month] [year]] 
 
8. 
Specified Day(s): 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(if Not Applicable, delete the below) 
[⚫] [Business Day[s]]/[Clearing System Business 
Day[s]]/[calendar days]] 
 
9. 
(i)  
Supplementary 
Provisions 
for 
Belgian 
Securities: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(ii) 
Minimum  Redemption 
Amount: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (specify as Applicable if 
the Final Redemption Amount is subject to a minimum 
redemption amount or is the principal amount of the 
Note or Specified Unit Value of the Certificate) 
 
10. 
Interest Basis: 
[Zero Coupon Securities] 
 
 
[Fixed Rate Securities] 
 
 
[Floating Rate Securities] 
 
 
[Step-Up Securities] 
 
 
[Step-Down Securities] 
 
 
[Fixed to Floating Securities] 
 
 
[Floating to Fixed Securities]

--- Page 463 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
463 
 
 
[Floored Floating Rate Securities] 
 
 
[Capped Floating Rate Securities] 
 
 
[Collared Floating Rate Securities] 
 
 
[Floored] 
[Capped] 
[Collared] 
[Range 
Accrual 
Securities] 
 
 
[Barrier Securities] 
 
 
[Steepener Securities] 
 
 
[Digital Option Securities] 
 
 
[Inverse Floater Securities] 
 
 
[Switchable Securities] 
 
 
[No Coupon] 
 
 
[Regular Coupon] 
 
 
[Memory] [Memory Double] [Dual] [Range] [Barrier 
Conditional Coupon] 
 
 
[Performance Linked Coupon] 
 
 
[Participation and Performance Linked Coupon] 
 
 
[Inflation Linked Coupon] [– Leveraged Inflation 
Coupon] [– Real Inflation Coupon] [– UDI Inflation 
Coupon] [–MXN Denominated UDI Adjustment 
Inflation Coupon] [– Cumulative Inflation Coupon] 
 
 
[Mixto Coupon] 
 
 
[Annual Performance Linked Coupon] 
 
 
[Equity-Linked Interest]9 
 
 
[Commodity-Linked Interest] 
 
 
 
[Currency-Linked Interest] 
 
 
 
[Inflation-Linked Interest] 
 
 
 
[Fund-Linked Interest] 
 
 
 
[Futures Contract-Linked Interest] 
 
 
 
(further particulars specified below) 
 
 
 
(include all that apply) 
(repeat as required) 
 
 
9 
Specify if interest provisions are linked to one or more Shares, ETF Interests or Indices.

--- Page 464 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
464 
 
 
 
Interest Basis Table 
Interest 
Commenceme
nt Date(s) 
Interest 
Payment 
Date(s) 
Type of 
Securities 
[●] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[●]/[As set 
forth in 
paragraph [●] 
below] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[Fixed 
Rate 
Securities] 
[Floating Rate 
Securities] 
[Step-Up 
Securities] 
[Step-Down 
Securities] 
[Fixed 
to 
Floating 
Securities] 
[Floating 
to 
Fixed 
Securities] 
[Floored 
Floating 
Rate 
Securities] 
[Capped 
Floating 
Rate 
Securities] 
[Collared 
Floating 
Rate 
Securities] 
[Floored] 
[Capped] 
[Collared] 
[Range Accrual 
Securities] 
[Barrier 
Securities] 
[Steepener 
Securities] 
[Digital Option 
Securities] 
[Inverse Floater 
Securities] 
[Switchable 
Securities] 
[No Coupon] 
[Regular 
Coupon] 
[Memory] 
[Memory 
Double] [Dual] 
[Range]

--- Page 465 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
465 
 
[Barrier 
Conditional 
Coupon] 
[Performance 
Linked 
Coupon] 
[Participation 
and 
Performance 
Linked 
Coupon] 
[Inflation 
Linked 
Coupon] 
[– 
Leveraged 
Inflation 
Coupon] 
[– 
Real 
Inflation 
Coupon] 
[– 
UDI 
Inflation 
Coupon] 
[–
MXN 
Denominated 
UDI 
Adjustment 
Inflation 
Coupon] 
[– 
Cumulative 
Inflation 
Coupon] 
[Mixto 
Coupon] 
[Annual 
Performance 
Linked 
Coupon] 
[Equity-Linked 
Interest]  
[Commodity-
Linked Interest] 
[Currency-
Linked Interest] 
[Inflation-
Linked Interest] 
[Fund-Linked 
Interest] 
[Futures 
Contract-
Linked Interest] 
(repeat 
as 
required) 
11. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Redemption at par]

--- Page 466 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
466 
 
 
 
[Fixed Redemption] [– Minimum Coupon applies:] 
[Specified Rate: [●]] 
[Minimum Coupon: [●]] 
[Minimum Coupon Rate: [●]] 
 
 
 
[Capitalised Non-Memory Redemption] 
 
 
 
[Capitalised Memory Redemption] 
 
 
 
[Capped] [Floored] [Collared] [Basic Performance 
Linked Redemption 1] 
 
 
 
[Capped] [Floored] [Collared] [Basic Performance 
Linked Redemption 2] 
 
 
 
[Performance-Linked Redemption] 
 
 
 
[Barrier Redemption 1] 
 
 
 
[Barrier Redemption 2] 
 
 
 
[Barrier and Participation Redemption] 
 
 
 
[Barrier 
and 
Participation 
Redemption 
– 
FX 
Performance Adjustment] 
 
 
 
[Single Barrier Final Redemption] 
 
 
 
[Dual Barrier Final Redemption 1] 
 
 
 
[Dual Barrier Final Redemption 2] 
 
 
 
[Dual Barrier Final Redemption 3] 
 
 
 
[Dual Barrier Final Redemption 4] 
 
 
 
[Dual Barrier Final Redemption 5] 
 
 
 
[Dual Barrier Final Redemption 6] 
 
 
 
[Dual Barrier Redemption – Twin Win] 
 
 
 
[Performance Linked Redemption] 
 
 
 
[Mixto Redemption] 
 
 
 
[Synthetic Zero Redemption] 
 
 
 
[Lock In Ladder Redemption] 
 
 
 
[Lock In Ladder Barrier Redemption] 
 
 
 
[Multiple Barrier Redemption]

--- Page 467 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
467 
 
 
 
[Inflation Linked Redemption] 
 
 
 
 
[Booster Redemption (1)] 
 
 
 
[Booster Redemption (2)] 
 
 
 
[Booster Redemption (3)] 
 
 
 
[Booster Redemption (4)] 
[Booster Redemption (5)] 
 
 
 
[Equity-Linked Redemption]10 
 
 
 
[Commodity-Linked Redemption] 
 
 
 
[Currency-Linked Redemption] 
 
 
 
[Inflation-Linked Redemption] 
 
 
 
[Fund-Linked Redemption] 
 
 
 
[Futures Contract-Linked Redemption] 
[Hybrid Exposure] 
[Plateau Booster Redemption 1] 
[Plateau Booster Redemption 2] 
[MXN Denominated UDI Linked Redemption] 
[UDI Final Linked Redemption] 
 
12. 
Put/Call Options: 
 
 
 
(i) 
Redemption 
at 
the 
option of the Issuer: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(General 
Condition 
16.5) 
 
 
 
(ii) 
Redemption 
at 
the 
option 
of 
the 
Securityholders: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(General 
Condition 
16.7) 
 
 
13. 
Automatic Change of Interest 
Basis: 
[Applicable: [describe changes]/[further particulars as 
set out in the Interest Basis Table in Paragraph 10]]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
14. 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
 
 
10 
Specify if redemption provisions are linked to one or more Shares, ETF Interests or Indices.

--- Page 468 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
468 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
 
15. 
Fixed 
Rate 
Security 
Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(General 
Condition 
5 
and 
Section 2 of the Additional 
Conditions) 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
 
(i) 
Step-Up Securities: 
(Paragraph 1.2(a) of Section 2 of 
the Additional Conditions) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(ii) 
Step-Down Securities: 
(Paragraph 1.2(b) of Section 2 of 
the Additional Conditions) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(iii)  
Fixed to Floating Rate 
Securities: 
(Paragraph 1.3(a) of Section 2 of 
the Additional Conditions) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(iv) 
Fixed Interest Rate: 
[⚫] per cent. per annum [payable [annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly/other (specify)] in arrear]/ 
[OR] 
 
 
 
Interest Period 
Fixed Interest Rate 
 
 
 
From (and including) the 
[Interest Commencement 
Date]/[Interest 
Payment 
Date] 
[falling 
on]/[scheduled to fall on] [
⚫] to (but excluding) the 
Interest 
Payment 
Date 
[falling on]/[scheduled to 
fall on] [⚫] (repeat as 
required) 
[⚫] per cent. per annum 
[payable [annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/month
ly/other 
(specify)] 
in 
arrear] 
(repeat 
as 
required) 
 
 
 
[OR] 
(for Swedish Securities, specify the following) 
 
 
 
Interest Period 
Fixed Interest Rate 
 
 
 
From (but excluding) the 
[Interest Commencement 
Date]/[Interest 
Payment 
Date] 
[falling 
on]/[scheduled to fall on] [
⚫] to (and including) the 
Interest 
Payment 
Date 
[falling on]/[scheduled to 
fall 
on] 
[⚫][(such 
scheduled 
Interest 
Payment Dates not being 
adjusted for any Business 
[⚫] per cent. per annum 
[payable [annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/month
ly/other 
(specify)] 
in 
arrear] 
(repeat 
as 
required)

--- Page 469 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
469 
 
Day Convention)] (repeat 
as required) 
 
(v) 
Interest Period(s) subject 
only to Fixed Rate 
Securities Provisions: 
From (and including) the [Interest Commencement 
Date]/[Interest Payment Date] [falling on]/[scheduled 
to fall on] [⚫] to (but excluding) the Interest Payment 
Date [falling on]/[scheduled to fall on] [⚫] [(such 
scheduled Interest Payment Dates not being adjusted 
for any Business Day Convention)] 
(repeat as required) 
 
 
 
(for Swedish Securities, specify the following) 
 
 
 
From (but excluding) the [Interest Commencement 
Date]/[Interest Payment Date] [falling on]/[scheduled 
to fall on] [⚫] to (and including) the Interest Payment 
Date [falling on]/[scheduled to fall on] [⚫] 
(repeat as required) 
 
 
(vi) Interest Payment Date(s): 
[Each of the [⚫] day of [month], [month] (repeat as 
required) in each calendar year from (and including) [⚫
] to (and including) [⚫]]/[[⚫] (specify dates) [, each] [, 
adjusted in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention specified below]/[, not adjusted]  
(specify Interest Payment Dates to which only Fixed 
Rate Securities Provisions apply) 
 
 
(vii) Business Day Convention 
[Following Business Day Convention]/[Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified 
Business Day Convention]/[Preceding Business Day 
Convention]/[No Adjustment/Unadjusted]  
(delete as appropriate)  
 
 
(viii) Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
[⚫] per Calculation Amount/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
[OR] 
 
 
 
Interest Period 
Fixed Coupon Amount 
 
 
 
From (and including) the 
[Interest Commencement 
Date]/[Interest 
Payment 
Date] 
[falling 
on]/[scheduled to fall on] [
⚫] to (but excluding) the 
Interest 
Payment 
Date 
[falling on]/[scheduled to 
fall 
on] 
[⚫] 
[(such 
scheduled 
Interest 
Payment Dates not being 
adjusted for any Business 
Day Convention)] 
(repeat as required) 
[⚫] 
per 
Calculation 
Amount/[Not Applicable] 
(repeat as required) 
 
 
 
[OR]

--- Page 470 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
470 
 
 
 
(for Swedish Securities, specify the following) 
 
 
 
Interest Period 
Fixed Coupon Amount 
 
 
 
From (but excluding) the 
[Interest Commencement 
Date]/[Interest 
Payment 
Date] 
[falling 
on]/[scheduled to fall on] [
⚫] to (and including) the 
Interest 
Payment 
Date 
[falling on]/[scheduled to 
fall 
on] 
[⚫] 
[(such 
scheduled 
Interest 
Payment Dates not being 
adjusted for any Business 
Day Convention)] 
(repeat as required) 
[⚫] 
per 
Calculation 
Amount/[Not Applicable] 
(repeat as required) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(ix) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[⚫] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [⚫]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
[OR] 
 
 
 
Interest Payment 
Date(s) 
Broken Amount 
 
 
 
[⚫] 
(repeat as required) 
[[⚫] 
per 
Calculation 
Amount]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(repeat as required) 
 
 
(x) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual 
ICMA)]/[Actual/Actual]/[Actual/Actual 
(ISDA)]/[Actual/365 
Fixed)]/[Actual/365L]/[Actual/360]/[30/360]/[30/360 
(ICMA)]/[30/360 
(ISDA)]/[360/360]/[Bond 
Basis]/[30E/360]/[Eurobond 
Basis]/[30E/360 
(ISDA)]/[1/1] 
 
 
(xi) 
Additional 
Business 
 
Centre(s): 
[●] 
 
 
(xii) 
Party 
responsible 
for 
 
calculating the Interest 
 
Amount(s): 
[⚫]/[Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc] 
 
16. 
Floating 
Rate 
Security 
Provisions 
[Applicable. 
The 
Securities 
are 
[Floored]/[Capped]/[Collared] 
Floating 
Rate 
Securities]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(General Condition 6) 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 471 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
471 
 
 
(i) 
Floating to Fixed Rate 
Securities: 
(Paragraph 
1.3(b) 
of 
Section 
2 
of 
the 
Additional Conditions) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[Each of the [⚫] day of [month], [month] (repeat as 
required) in each calendar year from (and including) [⚫
] to (and including) [⚫]]/[[⚫] (specify dates) [, each] [, 
adjusted in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention specified below]/[, not adjusted] 
 
 
(iii) 
Interest Period(s): 
From (and including) the [Interest Commencement 
Date]/[Interest Payment Date] [falling on]/[scheduled 
to fall on] [⚫] to (but excluding) the Interest Payment 
Date [falling on]/[scheduled to fall on] [⚫] [(such 
scheduled Interest Payment Dates not being adjusted 
for any Business Day Convention)] 
(repeat as required) 
 
 
 
(for Swedish Securities, specify the following) 
 
 
 
From (but excluding) the [Interest Commencement 
Date]/[Interest Payment Date] [falling on]/[scheduled 
to fall on] [⚫] to (and including) the Interest Payment 
Date [falling on]/[scheduled to fall on] [⚫] [(such 
scheduled Interest Payment Dates not being adjusted 
for any Business Day Convention)] 
(repeat as required) 
 
 
(iv) 
Linear Interpolation: 
(General Condition 6.4) 
[Applicable in respect of the Interest Period: (repeat 
applicable 
Interest 
Periods 
from 
above)/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
(v) 
Business 
Day 
Convention: 
[Following Business Day Convention]/ 
[Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/[Modified Business Day Convention]/ 
 
 
 
[Preceding Business Day Convention]/ 
 
 
 
[FRN Convention. The Specified Period is from (and 
including) [⚫] to (but excluding) [⚫] (repeat as 
required)]/Floating 
Rate 
Convention]/[Eurodollar 
Convention]/ 
 
 
 
[No Adjustment]/[Unadjusted] 
 
 
 
 (delete as appropriate) 
 
 
(vi) 
Additional 
Business 
Centre(s): 
[⚫] 
 
 
(vii) 
Manner in which the 
Floating 
Interest 
Rate(s) is/are to be 
determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination]/[ISDA Determination] 
[CMS Rate Determination]/[Not Applicable]  
(if any of Screen Rate Determination, ISDA 
Determination or CMS Rate Determination is 
applicable, insert drafting Schedule 2 (Additional

--- Page 472 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
472 
 
Provisions for determination of Floating Interest Rate) 
hereto) 
 
 
[OR] 
 
 
 
(specify the following if the Securities are "Floating to 
Fixed Rate Securities" or "Floating to Fixed Switchable 
Securities" (for the relevant period(s) during which a 
floating rate is payable). 
 
 
 
Interest Period 
Floating Interest Rate 
 
 
 
From (and including) the 
[Interest Commencement 
Date]/[Interest 
Payment 
Date] 
[falling 
on]/[scheduled to fall on] [
⚫] to (but excluding) the 
Interest 
Payment 
Date 
[falling on]/[scheduled to 
fall 
on] 
[⚫] 
[(such 
scheduled 
Interest 
Payment Dates not being 
adjusted for any Business 
Day Convention)] 
(repeat as required) 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination]/[ISDA 
Determination]/[CMS 
Rate Determination]/[[⚫] 
per cent.] 
(repeat as required) 
 
 
 
[OR] 
 
 
 
(for Swedish Securities, specify the following) 
 
 
 
Interest Period 
Floating Interest Rate 
 
 
 
From (but excluding) the 
[Interest Commencement 
Date]/[Interest 
Payment 
Date] 
[falling 
on]/[scheduled to fall on] [
⚫] to (and including) the 
Interest 
Payment 
Date 
[falling on]/[scheduled to 
fall 
on] 
[⚫] 
[(such 
scheduled 
Interest 
Payment Dates not being 
adjusted for any Business 
Day Convention)] 
(repeat as required) 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination] 
[ISDA 
Determination] 
[CMS 
Rate Determination] [[⚫] 
per cent.] 
(repeat as required) 
 
 
(viii) Party responsible for 
calculating the Rate(s) 
of 
Interest 
and/or 
Interest Amount(s): 
[⚫]/[Calculation Agent] 
 
 
(ix) 
Screen 
Rate 
Determination: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Reference 
Rate: 
[⚫]

--- Page 473 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
473 
 
 
• 
Provisions 
specific 
to 
SOFR 
as 
Reference 
Rate - SOFR 
Benchmark 
(General 
Condition 
6.8): 
[Not Applicable] 
[SOFR Compound with Lookback 
Lookback 
Days: 
[⚫] 
U.S. 
Government 
Securities Business Days] 
[SOFR Compound with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Shift Days: [⚫] U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days] 
[SOFR Compound with Payment Delay 
[Interest Payment Delay: [⚫] U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days]] 
[SOFR Index Average 
SOFR 
IndexStart: 
[⚫] 
U.S. 
Government 
Securities Business Days preceding the first 
date of the relevant Interest Period 
SOFR IndexEnd: [⚫] U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days preceding the Interest Period 
End Date relating to the relevant Interest Period 
Observation Shift Days: [⚫] U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days] 
 
 
• 
Provisions 
specific 
to 
SONIA 
as 
Reference 
Rate – SONIA 
Benchmark 
(General 
Condition 
6.9): 
[Not Applicable] 
[SONIA Compound with Lookback 
Lookback Days: [⚫] London Banking Days] 
[SONIA Compound with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Shift Days: [⚫] London Banking 
Days] 
[SONIA Compound with Payment Delay 
[SONIA Rate Cut-Off Date: [⚫] London 
Banking Days] 
[Interest Payment Delay: [⚫] London Banking 
Days]] 
[SONIA Index Average 
Relevant Number: [⚫] 
[Observation Shift Days: [⚫] London Banking 
Days]] 
 
 
• 
Provisions 
specific 
to 
€STR 
as 
Reference 
Rate – €STR 
Benchmark 
(General 
Condition 
6.10): 
[€STR Compound with Lookback 
Lookback Days: [⚫] TARGET Settlement 
Days] 
[€STR Compound with Observation Period Shift 
Observation 
Shift 
Days: 
[⚫] 
TARGET 
Settlement Days] 
[€STR Compound with Payment Delay 
[€STR Rate Cut-Off Date: [⚫] TARGET 
Settlement Days]

--- Page 474 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
474 
 
[Interest 
Payment 
Delay: 
[⚫] 
TARGET 
Settlement Days]]  
[€STR Index Average 
Relevant Number: [⚫] 
[Observation 
Shift 
Days: 
[⚫] 
TARGET 
Settlement Days]] 
 
• 
Provisions 
specific 
to 
SARON 
as 
Reference 
Rate 
– 
SARON 
Benchmark 
(General 
Condition 
6.11): 
[SARON Compound with Lookback 
Lookback Days: [⚫] Zurich Banking Days] 
[SARON Compound with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Shift Days: [⚫] Zurich Banking 
Days] 
[SARON Compound with Payment Delay 
[SARON Rate Cut-Off Date: [⚫] Zurich 
Banking Days] 
[Interest Payment Delay: [⚫] Zurich Banking 
Days]]  
[SAION Index Average 
Relevant Number: [⚫] 
[Observation Shift Days: [⚫] Zurich Banking 
Days]] 
 
 
• 
Provisions 
specific 
to 
TONA 
as 
Reference 
Rate – TONA 
Benchmark 
(General 
Condition 
6.12): 
[TONA Compound with Lookback 
Lookback Days: [⚫] Tokyo Banking Days] 
[TONA Compound with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Shift Days: [⚫] Tokyo Banking 
Days] 
[TONA Compound with Payment Delay 
[TONA Rate Cut-Off Date: [⚫] Tokyo Banking 
Days] 
[Interest Payment Delay: [⚫] Tokyo Banking 
Days]]  
[TONA Index Average 
Relevant Number: [⚫] 
[Observation Shift Days: [⚫] Tokyo Banking 
Days]] 
 
 
• 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[⚫] 
 
 
• 
Designated 
Maturity: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Relevant 
Screen Page: 
[⚫]

--- Page 475 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
475 
 
 
• 
Margin: 
[[+/-][⚫] per cent. per annum]/[As specified in the Rate 
Table below] 
 
 
• 
Interest 
Participation 
Rate: 
[⚫]/[As specified in the Rate Table below] 
 
 
• 
[Rate Table:] 
Rate Table 
 
 
 
Interest 
Payment 
Date(s) 
Margin 
Interest 
Participation 
Rate 
 
 
 
[⚫] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[[+/-][⚫] per 
cent. per 
annum] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[⚫] 
(repeat as 
required) 
 
 
(x) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Floating Rate 
Option: 
[⚫] 
 
 
• 
Designated 
Maturity: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] (Only applicable where the 
Floating Rate Option is not an overnight rate) 
 
 
• 
Reset Date: 
[⚫] 
 
 
• 
Overnight 
Floating Rate 
Option: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Index Floating 
Rate Option: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Overnight 
Rate 
Compounding 
Method: 
[Not Applicable] (Specify as Not Applicable if 
Averaging applies) 
[OIS Compounding 
[Daily Capped Rate and/or Daily Floored Rate: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Daily Capped Rate: [●]] 
[Daily Floored Rate: [●]]] 
[Compounding with Lookback 
[Lookback: [●] Applicable Business Days] 
[Daily Capped Rate and/or Daily Floored Rate: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Daily Capped Rate: [●]] 
[Daily Floored Rate: [●]]] 
[Compounding with Observation Period Shift 
Set-in-Advance: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 476 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
476 
 
[Observation Period Shift: [●] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days] 
[Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days: [●]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Daily Capped Rate and/or Daily Floored Rate: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Daily Capped Rate: [●]] 
[Daily Floored Rate: [●]]] 
[Compounding with Lockout 
[Lockout: [●] Lockout Period Business Days] 
[Lockout Period Business Days: [●]/[Applicable 
Business Days]] 
[Daily Capped Rate and/or Daily Floored Rate: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Daily Capped Rate: [●]] 
[Daily Floored Rate: [●]]] 
[Applicable, as per the Floating Rate Matrix (as defined 
in the ISDA Definitions)] (Only applicable where the 
2021 ISDA Definitions apply) 
 
• 
Overnight 
Rate 
Averaging 
Method: 
[Not Applicable] (Specify as Not Applicable if 
Compounding applies) 
[Overnight Averaging 
[Daily Capped Rate and/or Daily Floored Rate: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Daily Capped Rate: [●]] 
[Daily Floored Rate: [●]]] 
[Averaging with Lookback 
[Lookback: [●] Applicable Business Days] 
[Daily Capped Rate and/or Daily Floored Rate: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Daily Capped Rate: [●]] 
[Daily Floored Rate: [●]]] 
[Averaging with Observation Period Shift 
Set-in-Advance: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
[Observation Period Shift: [●] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days] 
[Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days: [●]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Daily Capped Rate and/or Daily Floored Rate: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Daily Capped Rate: [●]] 
[Daily Floored Rate: [●]]] 
[Averaging with Lockout

--- Page 477 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
477 
 
[Lockout: [●] Lockout Period Business Days] 
[Lockout Period Business Days: [●]/[Applicable 
Business Days]] 
[Daily Capped Rate and/or Daily Floored Rate: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Daily Capped Rate: [●]] 
[Daily Floored Rate: [●]]] 
[Applicable, as per the Floating Rate Matrix (as defined 
in the ISDA Definitions)] (Only applicable where the 
2021 ISDA Definitions apply) 
 
• 
Index Method: 
[Not Applicable] 
[Standard Index Method] (Only applicable where the 
2021 ISDA Definitions apply) 
[Compounded Index Method] 
[Compounded Index Method with Observation Period 
Shift 
Set-in-Advance: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
[Observation Period Shift: [●] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days] 
[Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days: [●]/[Not Applicable]]] 
 
 
• 
Delayed 
Payment: 
[Applicable, with the specified number of days being [●] 
Business Days]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
[2006 
ISDA 
Definitions 
Linear 
Interpolation 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] (Only include where the 
2006 ISDA Definitions apply) 
 
 
• 
[2021 
ISDA 
Definitions 
Linear 
Interpolation 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] (Only include where the 
2021 ISDA Definitions apply) 
 
 
• 
Unscheduled 
Holiday: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] (Only include where the 
2021 ISDA Definitions apply) 
 
 
• 
[Period 
End 
Date/Terminat
ion 
Date 
adjustment for 
Unscheduled 
Holiday: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] (Only include where the 
2021 ISDA Definitions apply) 
 
 
• 
[Non-
Representative: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] (Only include where the 
2021 ISDA Definitions apply) 
 
 
• 
[Successor 
Benchmark: 
[⚫]  
Successor Benchmark Effective Date: [⚫]]  
(Only include where the 2021 ISDA Definitions apply)

--- Page 478 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
478 
 
 
• 
If 
ISDA 
Determination 
applies, ISDA 
Bespoke 
Fallbacks 
to 
apply 
in 
priority 
to 
other fallbacks 
in 
General 
Condition 
6.20: 
[Yes]/[No] 
 
 
• 
Margin: 
[[+/-][⚫] per cent. per annum]/[As specified in the Rate 
Table below] 
 
 
• 
Interest 
Participation 
Rate: 
[⚫]/[As specified in the Rate Table below] 
 
 
• 
[Rate Table:] 
Rate Table 
 
 
 
Interest 
Payment 
Date(s) 
Margin 
Interest 
Participation 
Rate 
 
 
 
[⚫] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[[+/-][⚫] per 
cent. per 
annum] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[⚫] 
(repeat as 
required) 
 
 
(xi) 
CMS 
Rate 
Determination: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]  
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
• 
CMS Interest 
Rate: 
[Single CMS Rate] [Spread CMS Rate] 
 
 
 
[CMS Reference Rate [1]] (If 
CMS Interest Rate is "Spread 
CMS Rate", insert this column 
and heading "CMS Reference 
Rate 1") 
[CMS Reference Rate 2] (If 
CMS 
Interest 
Rate 
is 
"Spread CMS Rate", insert 
this column and heading 
"CMS Reference Rate 2") 
 
• 
Specified 
Swap Rate: 
[the swap rate/mid-level swap 
rate/annual swap rate/semi-
annual 
swap 
rate/quarterly 
swap 
rate/quarterly-annual 
swap rate/quarterly-quarterly 
swap rate] 
[the 
swap 
rate/mid-level 
swap 
rate/annual 
swap 
rate/semi-annual 
swap 
rate/quarterly 
swap 
rate/quarterly-annual swap 
rate/quarterly-quarterly 
swap rate]  
 
• 
Reference Currency: 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
 
• 
Designated Maturity: 
[⚫][month[s]/year[s]] 
[⚫][month[s]/year[s]] 
 
• 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[⚫] 
[⚫]

--- Page 479 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
479 
 
 
• 
Relevant Time: 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
 
• 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[Periodic Rate Determination 
is applicable. The Interest 
Determination Date(s) [is/are]: 
[⚫]/[the first day of each 
Interest Period]/[the second 
TARGET 
Settlement 
Day 
prior to the start of each 
Interest Period]]/[Daily Rate 
Determination is applicable] 
[Periodic 
Rate 
Determination is applicable. 
The Interest Determination 
Date(s) [is/are]: [⚫]/[the first 
day 
of 
each 
Interest 
Period]/[the 
second 
TARGET Settlement Day 
prior to the start of each 
Interest Period]]/[Daily Rate 
Determination is applicable] 
 
• 
Fallback 
Rate 
Determination: 
[Determination 
Agent 
Fallback: Applicable - to be 
applied 
first/second/third]/[Not 
Applicable] 
Fallback 
Screen 
Page: 
Applicable - to be applied 
first/second/third]/[Not 
Applicable] 
Mid-Market 
Quotations: 
Applicable - to be applied 
first/second/third]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[Reference Banks: [⚫]] 
[Determination 
Agent 
Fallback: Applicable - to be 
applied 
first/second/third]/[Not 
Applicable] 
Fallback 
Screen 
Page: 
Applicable - to be applied 
first/second/third]/[Not 
Applicable] 
Mid-Market 
Quotations: 
Applicable - to be applied 
first/second/third]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[Reference Banks: [⚫]] 
 
• 
Specified Fixed Leg 
(for determination of 
Mid-Market 
Quotations if specified 
to be applicable): 
[annual fixed leg/semi-annual 
fixed 
leg/quarterly-annual 
fixed 
leg/quarterly-quarterly 
fixed leg] 
[annual 
fixed 
leg/semi-
annual fixed leg/quarterly-
annual fixed leg/quarterly-
quarterly fixed leg] 
 
• 
Fixed Leg Day Count 
Basis: 
[Actual/Actual 
ICMA)]/[Actual/Actual]/[Act
ual/Actual 
(ISDA)]/[Actual/365 
Fixed)]/[Actual/365L]/[Actual
/360]/[30/360]/[30/360 
(ICMA)]/[30/360 
(ISDA)]/[360/360]/[Bond 
Basis]/[30E/360]/[Eurobond 
Basis]/[30E/360 (ISDA)]/[1/1] 
[Actual/Actual 
ICMA)]/[Actual/Actual]/[A
ctual/Actual 
(ISDA)]/[Actual/365 
Fixed)]/[Actual/365L]/[Act
ual/360]/[30/360]/[30/360 
(ICMA)]/[30/360 
(ISDA)]/[360/360]/[Bond 
Basis]/[30E/360]/[Eurobond 
Basis]/[30E/360 
(ISDA)]/[1/1] 
 
• 
Floating 
Leg 
Day 
Count Basis: 
[Actual/Actual 
ICMA)]/[Actual/Actual]/[Act
ual/Actual 
(ISDA)]/[Actual/365 
Fixed)]/[Actual/365L]/[Actual
/360]/[30/360]/[30/360 
(ICMA)]/[30/360 
(ISDA)]/[360/360]/[Bond 
Basis]/[30E/360]/[Eurobond 
Basis]/[30E/360 (ISDA)]/[1/1] 
[Actual/Actual 
ICMA)]/[Actual/Actual]/[A
ctual/Actual 
(ISDA)]/[Actual/365 
Fixed)]/[Actual/365L]/[Act
ual/360]/[30/360]/[30/360 
(ICMA)]/[30/360 
(ISDA)]/[360/360]/[Bond 
Basis]/[30E/360]/[Eurobond 
Basis]/[30E/360 
(ISDA)]/[1/1]

--- Page 480 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
480 
 
 
• 
Floating 
Leg 
Rate 
Option: 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
 
• 
Margin [1]: (If CMS 
Interest Rate is "Spread 
CMS 
Rate", 
insert 
"Margin 1") 
[⚫]/[As specified in the Rate Table below] 
 
 
 
• 
Margin 2: 
[⚫]/[As specified in the Rate Table below] (Specify 
"Margin 2" if CMS Interest Rate is "Spread CMS Rate", 
otherwise, delete this paragraph) 
 
 
• 
Interest 
Participation 
Rate 
[1]: 
(If 
CMS 
Interest Rate is "Spread 
CMS 
Rate", 
insert 
"Interest Participation 
Rate 1") 
[⚫]/[As specified in the Rate Table below] 
 
 
• 
Interest 
Participation 
Rate 2: 
[⚫]/[As specified in the Rate Table below] (Specify 
"Interest Participation Rate 2" if CMS Interest Rate is 
"Spread CMS Rate", otherwise delete this paragraph) 
 
 
• 
[Rate Table:] 
Rate Table 
 
 
 
Interest 
Payment 
Date 
[Margin 
[1]] 
[Margin 
2] 
[Interest 
Participat
ion Rate 
[1]] 
[Interest 
Participat
ion Rate 
2] 
 
 
 
[⚫] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[⚫] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[⚫] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[⚫] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[⚫] 
(repeat as 
required) 
 
 
(xii) 
Minimum 
Rate 
of 
Interest: 
[[Not Applicable]/[⚫] per cent. per annum]/[A 
percentage rate to be determined by the Determination 
Agent before the Issue Date and notified to the 
Securityholders not more than 15 Business Days 
thereafter by publication on [⚫] (insert website 
address), provided that such percentage rate shall be 
[not less than [⚫] per cent.] [and] [not greater than [⚫] 
per cent.]]  
(Specify if Securities are Floored Floating Rate 
Securities or Collared Floating Rate Securities, 
otherwise specify "Not Applicable") 
 
 
(xiii) Maximum 
Rate 
of 
Interest: 
[[Not Applicable]/[⚫] per cent. per annum]/[A 
percentage rate to be determined by the Determination 
Agent before the Issue Date and notified to the 
Securityholders not more than 15 Business Days 
thereafter by publication on [⚫] (insert website 
address), provided that such percentage rate shall be 
[not less than [⚫] per cent.] [and] [not greater than [⚫] 
per cent.]]  
(specify if Securities are Capped Floating Rate 
Securities or Collared Floating Rate Securities, 
otherwise specify "Not Applicable")

--- Page 481 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
481 
 
 
(xiv) 
Day Count Fraction:  
[Actual/Actual 
ICMA)]/[Actual/Actual]/[Actual/Actual 
(ISDA)]/[Actual/365 
Fixed)]/[Actual/365L]/[Actual/360]/[30/360]/[30/360 
(ICMA)]/[30/360 
(ISDA)]/[360/360]/[Bond 
Basis]/[30E/360]/[Eurobond 
Basis]/[30E/360 
(ISDA)]/[1/1] 
 
 
(xv) 
[Other Relevant Rates 
Benchmark: 
[•] (specify any applicable Relevant Rates Benchmark 
Rate which is not a Reference Rate. Otherwise delete 
line)] 
 
 
(xvi) 
Alternative 
Pre-
nominated 
Reference 
Rate: 
[specify][Not Applicable] (specify in respect of each 
Relevant Rates Benchmark) 
 
17. 
Range Accrual Securities: 
 
[Applicable. 
The 
Securities 
are 
[Floored]/[Capped]/[Collared] 
Range 
Accrual 
Securities]/[Not Applicable]  
 
 
(General Conditions 5 and 6 and 
Paragraph 1.8 of Section 2 of the 
Additional Conditions) 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
 
(i) 
Coupon Rate: 
[Fixed Interest Rate]/[Floating Interest Rate] 
 
 
 
[OR] 
 
 
 
Interest Period 
Coupon 
Rate 
 
 
 
From 
(and 
including) 
the 
[Interest 
Commencement Date]/[Interest Payment 
Date] [falling on]/[scheduled to fall on] [⚫
] to (but excluding) the Interest Payment 
Date [falling on]/[scheduled to fall on] [⚫] 
[(such scheduled Interest Payment Dates 
not being adjusted for any Business Day 
Convention)] 
(repeat as required) 
[Fixed 
Interest 
Rate]/[Flo
ating 
Interest 
Rate]  
(repeat as 
required) 
 
 
 
[OR] 
(for Swedish Securities, specify the following) 
 
 
 
Interest Period 
Coupon 
Rate 
 
 
 
From 
(but 
excluding) 
the 
[Interest 
Commencement Date]/[Interest Payment 
Date] [falling on]/[scheduled to fall on] [⚫
] to (and including) the Interest Payment 
Date [falling on]/[scheduled to fall on] [⚫] 
[(such scheduled Interest Payment Dates 
not being adjusted for any Business Day 
Convention)] 
(repeat as required) 
[Fixed 
Interest 
Rate]/[Flo
ating 
Interest 
Rate]  
(repeat as 
required)

--- Page 482 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
482 
 
 
• 
Fixed Interest Rate: 
In respect of the Interest Period ending on [and 
including]/[but excluding] [⚫], [⚫] per cent. per 
annum]/[Not Applicable] 
(if Fixed Interest Rate is applicable, insert drafting 
Schedule 1 (Additional Provisions for determination of 
Fixed Interest Rate)) 
(repeat as required)  
 
 
• 
Manner in which the 
Floating Interest Rate is 
to be determined: 
In respect of the Interest Period ending on [and 
including]/[but 
excluding] 
[⚫], 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination]/[ISDA Determination] [CMS Rate 
Determination]/[Not Applicable]  
(if 
any 
of 
Screen 
Rate 
Determination, 
ISDA 
Determination 
or 
CMS 
Rate 
Determination 
is 
applicable, insert drafting Schedule 2 (Additional 
Provisions for determination of Floating Interest Rate) 
hereto) 
(repeat as required)  
 
 
(ii) 
Interest 
Payment 
Date(s) subject to the 
Range Accrual Security 
Provisions: 
[Each of the [⚫] day of [month], [month] (repeat as 
required) in each calendar year from (and including) [⚫
] to (and including) [⚫]/[⚫] (specify dates) [, each] [, 
adjusted in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention specified below]/[, not adjusted] 
 
 
(iii) 
Business 
Day 
Convention: 
[Following Business Day Convention]/ 
[Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/[Modified Business Day Convention]/ 
 
 
 
[Preceding Business Day Convention]/ 
 
 
 
[FRN Convention. The Specified Period is from (and 
including) [⚫] to (but excluding) [⚫] (repeat as 
required)]/Floating 
Rate 
Convention]/[Eurodollar 
Convention]/ 
 
 
 
[No Adjustment]/[Unadjusted] 
 
 
 
 (delete as appropriate) 
 
 
(iv) 
Interest 
Period(s) 
subject to the Range 
Accrual 
Security 
Provisions: 
From (and including) the [Interest Commencement 
Date]/[Interest Payment Date] [falling on]/[scheduled to 
fall on] [⚫] to (but excluding) the Interest Payment Date 
[falling on]/[scheduled to fall on] [⚫] [(such scheduled 
Interest Payment Dates not being adjusted for any 
Business Day Convention)] 
(repeat as required) 
 
 
 
(for Swedish Securities, specify the following) 
 
 
 
From (but excluding) the [Interest Commencement 
Date]/[Interest Payment Date] [falling on]/[scheduled to 
fall on] [⚫] to (and including) the Interest Payment Date 
[falling on]/[scheduled to fall on] [⚫] 
(repeat as required)

--- Page 483 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
483 
 
 
(v) 
Additional 
Business 
Centre(s): 
[⚫] 
 
 
(vi) 
Accrual Condition: 
[Single Barrier Range Accrual is applicable: Accrual 
Reference Observation [greater than]/[greater than or 
equal to]/[equal to]/[less than or equal to]/[less than] the 
Coupon Barrier Value] 
 
 
 
[OR] 
 
 
 
[Dual Barrier Range Accrual is applicable: Accrual 
Reference Observation [greater than]/[greater than or 
equal to] the Lower Barrier Value and [less than]/[less 
than or equal to] the Upper Barrier Value] 
[OR] 
[Accrual Reference Observation [greater than]/[greater 
than or equal to] the Lower Barrier Value and [less 
than]/[less than or equal to] the Upper Barrier Value] 
 
 
(vii) 
Coupon Barrier Value: 
[Not Applicable]/[⚫] per cent. 
 
 
 
[OR] 
 
 
 
Interest Determination Date falling on: 
Coupon 
Barrier 
Value 
 
 
 
[⚫] 
(repeat as required) 
[⚫] 
per 
cent. 
(repeat 
as 
required) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(viii) 
Lower Barrier Value: 
[Not Applicable]/[⚫] per cent. 
 
 
 
[OR] 
 
 
 
Interest Determination Date falling on: 
Lower 
Barrier 
Value 
 
 
 
[⚫] 
(repeat as required) 
[Not 
Applicabl
e]/ 
[⚫] 
per 
cent. 
(repeat 
as 
required) 
 
 
(ix) 
Upper Barrier Value: 
[Not Applicable]/[⚫] per cent. 
 
 
 
[OR]

--- Page 484 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
484 
 
 
 
Interest Determination Date falling on: 
Upper 
Barrier 
Value 
 
 
 
[⚫] 
(repeat as required) 
[Not 
Applicabl
e]/ 
[⚫] 
per 
cent. 
(repeat 
as 
required) 
 
 
(x) 
Accrual 
Observation 
Day: 
[calendar day]/[Accrual Business Day] 
 
 
(xi) 
Accrual Period: 
[Each Interest Period]/ 
[In respect of each Scheduled Interest Payment Date, the 
period commencing on (and including) the Accrual 
Period Start Date falling immediately prior to such 
Scheduled Interest Payment Date and ending on (but 
excluding) the Accrual Period End Date on which such 
Scheduled Interest Payment Date falls] 
 
 
• 
Accrual Period Start 
Date: 
[Interest Commencement Date] [and] [each Scheduled 
Interest Payment Date other than any Scheduled Interest 
Payment Date falling on the Scheduled Maturity 
Date/each Interest Payment Date other than any Interest 
Payment Date falling on the Maturity Date]/[⚫]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Accrual 
Period 
End 
Date: 
[in respect of each Accrual Period Start Date, the 
Scheduled 
Interest 
Payment 
Date 
immediately 
following such Accrual Period Start Date]/[in respect of 
each Accrual Period Start Date, the Interest Payment 
Date immediately following such Accrual Period Start 
Date]/[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
[− 
Scheduled 
Interest 
Payment 
Date(s):] 
[⚫]  
(delete if Not Applicable) 
 
 
[− 
Scheduled 
Maturity 
Date:] 
[⚫]  
(delete if Not Applicable) 
 
 
(xii) 
Accrual 
Reference 
Observation: 
[single Underlying Rate] [sum of Underlying Rate 1 
plus Underlying Rate 2] [difference between Underlying 
Rate 1 minus Underlying Rate 2] 
 
 
(xiii) 
Underlying Rate:  
[Fixed Interest Rate]/[Floating Interest Rate]/[specify 
other Reference Rate]/[Not Applicable]  
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
 
• 
Fixed Interest Rate: 
[⚫] per cent. per annum]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 485 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
485 
 
(if Fixed Interest Rate is applicable, insert drafting 
Schedule 1 (Additional Provisions for determination of 
Fixed Interest Rate)) 
 
• 
Manner in which the 
Floating Interest Rate is 
to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination]/[ISDA Determination] 
[CMS Rate Determination]/[Not Applicable]  
(if 
any 
of 
Screen 
Rate 
Determination, 
ISDA 
Determination 
or 
CMS 
Rate 
Determination 
is 
applicable, insert drafting Schedule 2 (Additional 
Provisions for determination of Floating Interest Rate) 
hereto) 
 
 
(xiv) 
Underlying Rate 1:  
[Fixed Interest Rate]/[Floating Interest Rate]/[specify 
other Reference Rate]/[Not Applicable]  
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
 
• 
Fixed Interest Rate:  
[[⚫] per cent. per annum]/Not Applicable] 
(if Fixed Interest Rate is applicable, insert drafting 
Schedule 1 (Additional Provisions for determination of 
Fixed Interest Rate)) 
 
 
• 
Manner in which the 
Floating Interest Rate is 
to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination]/[ISDA Determination] 
[CMS Rate Determination]/[Not Applicable]  
(if 
any 
of 
Screen 
Rate 
Determination, 
ISDA 
Determination 
or 
CMS 
Rate 
Determination 
is 
applicable, insert drafting Schedule 2 (Additional 
Provisions for determination of Floating Interest Rate) 
hereto) 
 
 
(xv) 
Underlying Rate 2: 
[Fixed Interest Rate]/[Floating Interest Rate]/[specify 
other Reference Rate]/[Not Applicable]  
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
 
• 
Fixed Interest Rate:  
[[⚫] per cent. per annum]/Not Applicable] 
(if Fixed Interest Rate is applicable, insert drafting 
Schedule 1 (Additional Provisions for determination of 
Fixed Interest Rate)) 
 
 
• 
Manner in which the 
Floating Interest Rate is 
to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination]/[ISDA Determination] 
[CMS Rate Determination]/[Not Applicable]  
(if 
any 
of 
Screen 
Rate 
Determination, 
ISDA 
Determination 
or 
CMS 
Rate 
Determination 
is 
applicable, insert drafting Schedule 2 (Additional 
Provisions for determination of Floating Interest Rate) 
hereto) 
 
 
(xvi) Rate Cut-Off Date: 
[Default Rate Cut-Off Date]/[Specified Rate Cut-Off 
Date: [insert number] [Accrual Business Days/calendar 
days] falling prior to the Accrual Period End Date for 
each Accrual Period] 
 
 
• 
Accrual Business Day 
Centre(s): 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 486 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
486 
 
 
(xvii) 
Minimum 
Rate 
of 
Interest: 
[[Not Applicable]/[⚫] per cent. per annum]/[A 
percentage rate to be determined by the Determination 
Agent before the Issue Date and notified to the 
Securityholders not more than 15 Business Days 
thereafter by publication on [⚫] (insert website address), 
provided that such percentage rate shall be [not less 
than [⚫] per cent.] [and] [not greater than [⚫] per cent.]] 
(specify if Securities are Floored Range Accrual 
Securities or Collared Range Accrual Securities, 
otherwise specify "Not Applicable") 
 
 
(xviii) 
Maximum 
Rate 
of 
Interest: 
[[Not Applicable]/[⚫] per cent. per annum]/[A 
percentage rate to be determined by the Determination 
Agent before the Issue Date and notified to the 
Securityholders not more than 15 Business Days 
thereafter by publication on [⚫] (insert website address), 
provided that such percentage rate shall be [not less 
than [⚫] per cent.] [and] [not greater than [⚫] per cent.]]  
(specify if Securities are Capped Range Accrual 
Securities or Collared Range Accrual Securities, 
otherwise specify "Not Applicable") 
 
 
(xix) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual ICMA)]/[Actual/Actual]/[Actual/Actual 
(ISDA)]/[Actual/365 
Fixed)]/[Actual/365L]/[Actual/360]/[30/360]/[30/360 
(ICMA)]/[30/360 
(ISDA)]/[360/360]/[Bond 
Basis]/[30E/360]/[Eurobond 
Basis]/[30E/360 
(ISDA)]/[1/1] 
 
 
(xx) 
Party responsible for 
calculating the Rate(s) 
of 
Interest 
and/or 
Interest Amount(s): 
[⚫]/[Calculation Agent] 
 
 
(xxi) 
Cap: 
[[⚫] per cent. per annum]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(xxii) 
Floor: 
[[⚫] per cent. per annum]/[Not Applicable] 
 
18. 
Barrier Securities: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Paragraph 1.9 of Section 2 of 
the Additional Conditions) 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
 
(i) 
Coupon Barrier Value: 
[⚫] per cent. 
 
 
 
[OR] 
 
 
 
Interest Determination Date falling on: 
Coupon 
Barrier 
Value 
 
 
 
[⚫] 
(repeat as required) 
[⚫] 
per 
cent. 
(repeat 
as 
required) 
 
 
(ii) 
Reference Rate: 
[⚫]

--- Page 487 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
487 
 
 
(iii) 
Manner in which the 
Floating 
Interest 
Rate(s) is/are to be 
determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination]/[ISDA Determination] 
[CMS Rate Determination]/[Not Applicable]  
(if 
any 
of 
Screen 
Rate 
Determination, 
ISDA 
Determination 
or 
CMS 
Rate 
Determination 
is 
applicable, insert drafting Schedule 2 (Additional 
Provisions for determination of Floating Interest Rate) 
hereto) 
 
 
(iv) 
Party responsible for 
determining 
the 
Reference Rate: 
[⚫]/[Calculation Agent] 
 
 
(v) 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[⚫] 
 
 
(vi) 
Interest will be payable 
on the Securities if, as 
of the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, the 
Reference Rate is: 
[greater than]/[greater than or equal to]/[equal to]/[less 
than or equal to]/[less than] the Coupon Barrier Value. 
(delete as appropriate) 
 
19. 
Steepener Securities: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Paragraph 1.10 of Section 2 of 
the Additional Conditions) 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
 
(i) 
Interest 
Payment 
Date(s) subject to the 
Steepener 
Security 
Provisions: 
[Each of the [⚫] day of [month], [month] (repeat as 
required) in each calendar year from (and including) [⚫
] to (and including) [⚫]/[⚫] (specify dates) [, each] [, 
adjusted in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention specified below]/[, not adjusted] 
 
 
(ii) 
Business 
Day 
Convention: 
[Following Business Day Convention]/ 
[Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/[Modified Business Day Convention]/ 
 
 
 
[Preceding Business Day Convention]/ 
 
 
 
[FRN Convention. The Specified Period is from (and 
including) [⚫] to (but excluding) [⚫] (repeat as 
required)]/Floating 
Rate 
Convention]/[Eurodollar 
Convention]/ 
 
 
 
[No Adjustment]/[Unadjusted] 
 
 
 
 (delete as appropriate) 
 
 
(iii) 
Interest 
Period(s) 
subject to the Steepener 
Security Provisions: 
From (and including) the [Interest Commencement 
Date]/[Interest Payment Date] [falling on]/[scheduled to 
fall on] [⚫] to (but excluding) the Interest Payment Date 
[falling on]/[scheduled to fall on] [⚫] [(such scheduled 
Interest Payment Dates not being adjusted for any 
Business Day Convention)] 
(repeat as required) 
 
 
 
(for Swedish Securities, specify the following)

--- Page 488 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
488 
 
 
 
From (but excluding) the [Interest Commencement 
Date]/[Interest Payment Date] [falling on]/[scheduled to 
fall on] [⚫] to (and including) the Interest Payment Date 
[falling on]/[scheduled to fall on] [⚫] [(such scheduled 
Interest Payment Dates not being adjusted for any 
Business Day Convention)] 
(repeat as required) 
 
 
(iv) 
Additional 
Business 
Centre(s): 
[⚫] 
 
 
(v) 
Spread: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(vi) 
Leverage 1: 
[⚫] per cent. 
 
 
(vii) 
Leverage 2: 
[⚫] per cent. 
 
 
(viii) 
Party responsible for 
determining 
the 
Reference Rate: 
[⚫]/[Calculation Agent] 
 
 
(ix) 
Rate 1: 
[Fixed Interest Rate]/[Floating Interest Rate] 
 
 
• 
Fixed Interest Rate:  
[[⚫] per cent. per annum]/Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Manner in which the 
Floating Interest Rate is 
to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination]/[ISDA Determination] 
[CMS Rate Determination]/[Not Applicable]  
(if 
any 
of 
Screen 
Rate 
Determination, 
ISDA 
Determination 
or 
CMS 
Rate 
Determination 
is 
applicable, insert drafting Schedule 2 (Additional 
Provisions for determination of Floating Interest Rate) 
hereto) 
 
 
(x) 
Rate 2: 
[Fixed Interest Rate]/[Floating Interest Rate]  
 
 
• 
Fixed Interest Rate:  
[[⚫] per cent. per annum]/Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Manner in which the 
Floating Interest Rate is 
to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination]/[ISDA Determination] 
[CMS Rate Determination]/[Not Applicable]  
(if 
any 
of 
Screen 
Rate 
Determination, 
ISDA 
Determination 
or 
CMS 
Rate 
Determination 
is 
applicable, insert drafting Schedule 2 (Additional 
Provisions for determination of Floating Interest Rate) 
hereto) 
 
 
(xi) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual ICMA)]/[Actual/Actual]/[Actual/Actual 
(ISDA)]/[Actual/365 
Fixed)]/[Actual/365L]/[Actual/360]/[30/360]/[30/360 
(ICMA)]/[30/360 
(ISDA)]/[360/360]/[Bond 
Basis]/[30E/360]/[Eurobond 
Basis]/[30E/360 
(ISDA)]/[1/1] 
 
 
(xii) 
Cap: 
[[⚫] per cent. per annum]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(xiii) Floor: 
[[⚫] per cent. per annum]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 489 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
489 
 
 
(xiv) Curve Cap: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (if Not Applicable, delete 
the sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
• 
Leverage 3: 
[⚫] 
 
 
• 
Rate 3: 
[Fixed Interest Rate]/[Floating Interest Rate] 
 
 
- 
Fixed 
Interest 
Rate: 
[[⚫] per cent. per annum]/Not Applicable] 
 
 
- 
Manner in which 
the 
Floating 
Interest Rate is to 
be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination]/[ISDA Determination] 
[CMS Rate Determination]/[Not Applicable]  
(if 
any 
of 
Screen 
Rate 
Determination, 
ISDA 
Determination 
or 
CMS 
Rate 
Determination 
is 
applicable, insert drafting Schedule 2 (Additional 
Provisions for determination of Floating Interest Rate) 
hereto) 
 
 
• 
Curve Cap Spread: 
[⚫] per cent./[Not Applicable] 
 
20. 
Digital Option Securities: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Paragraph 1.11 of Section 2 of 
the Additional Conditions) 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
 
(i) 
Interest 
Payment 
Date(s) subject to the 
Digital Option Security 
Provisions: 
[Each of the [⚫] day of [month], [month] (repeat as 
required) in each calendar year from (and including) [⚫
] to (and including) [⚫]/[⚫] (specify dates) [, each] [, 
adjusted in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention specified below]/[, not adjusted] 
 
 
(ii) 
Business 
Day 
Convention: 
[Following Business Day Convention]/ 
[Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/[Modified Business Day Convention]/ 
 
 
 
[Preceding Business Day Convention]/ 
 
 
 
[FRN Convention. The Specified Period is from (and 
including) [⚫] to (but excluding) [⚫] (repeat as 
required)]/Floating 
Rate 
Convention]/[Eurodollar 
Convention]/ 
 
 
 
[No Adjustment]/[Unadjusted] 
 
 
 
 (delete as appropriate) 
 
 
(iii) 
Interest 
Period(s) 
subject to the Digital 
Option 
Security 
Provisions: 
From (and including) the [Interest Commencement 
Date]/[Interest Payment Date] [falling on]/[scheduled to 
fall on] [⚫] to (but excluding) the Interest Payment Date 
[falling on]/[scheduled to fall on] [⚫] [(such scheduled 
Interest Payment Dates not being adjusted for any 
Business Day Convention)] 
(repeat as required) 
 
 
 
(for Swedish Securities, specify the following)

--- Page 490 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
490 
 
 
 
From (but excluding) the [Interest Commencement 
Date]/[Interest Payment Date] [falling on]/[scheduled to 
fall on] [⚫] to (and including) the Interest Payment Date 
[falling on]/[scheduled to fall on] [⚫] [(such scheduled 
Interest Payment Dates not being adjusted for any 
Business Day Convention)] 
(repeat as required) 
 
 
(iv) 
Additional 
Business 
Centre(s): 
[⚫] 
 
 
(v) 
Leverage: 
[[+/-][⚫] per cent.]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(vi) 
Margin: 
[⚫] 
 
 
(vii) 
Reference Rate: 
[Fixed Interest Rate]/[Floating Interest Rate]  
 
 
• 
Fixed Interest Rate: 
[[⚫] per cent. per annum]/Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Manner in which the 
Floating Interest Rate is 
to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination]/[ISDA Determination] 
[CMS Rate Determination]/[Not Applicable]  
(if 
any 
of 
Screen 
Rate 
Determination, 
ISDA 
Determination 
or 
CMS 
Rate 
Determination 
is 
applicable, insert drafting Schedule 2 (Additional 
Provisions for determination of Floating Interest Rate) 
hereto) 
 
 
(viii) 
Cap: 
[[⚫] per cent. per annum]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(ix) 
Floor: 
[[⚫] per cent. per annum]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(x) 
Digital Condition: 
Digital Reference Rate [greater than]/[greater than or 
equal to]/[less than or equal to]/[less than] Strike 1 and 
Digital Reference Rate [greater than]/[greater than or 
equal to]/[less than or equal to]/[less than] Strike 2  
 
 
• 
Strike 1: 
[⚫]  
 
 
• 
Strike 2: 
[⚫]  
 
 
(xi) 
Digital 
Condition 
Determination Date(s): 
[⚫] 
 
 
 
[OR] 
 
 
 
Interest Period 
Digital 
Condition 
Determin
ation Date 
 
 
 
From 
(and 
including) 
the 
[Interest 
Commencement Date]/[Interest Payment 
Date] [falling on]/[scheduled to fall on] [⚫
] to (but excluding) the Interest Payment 
Date [falling on]/[scheduled to fall on] [⚫] 
[(such scheduled Interest Payment Dates 
[⚫] 
(repeat as 
required)

--- Page 491 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
491 
 
not being adjusted for any Business Day 
Convention)] 
(repeat as required) 
 
 
[OR] 
(for Swedish Securities, specify) 
 
 
 
Interest Period 
Digital 
Condition 
Determin
ation Date 
 
 
 
From 
(but 
excluding) 
the 
[Interest 
Commencement Date]/[Interest Payment 
Date] [falling on]/[scheduled to fall on] [⚫
] to (and including) the Interest Payment 
Date [falling on]/[scheduled to fall on] [⚫] 
[(such scheduled Interest Payment Dates 
not being adjusted for any Business Day 
Convention)] 
(repeat as required) 
[⚫] 
(repeat as 
required) 
 
 
(xii) 
Digital Reference Rate: 
 
 
 
(a) 
Leverage 1: 
[[+/-][⚫] per cent.]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(b) 
Leverage 2: 
[[+/-][⚫] per cent.]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(c) 
Rate 1: 
[Fixed Interest Rate]/[Floating Interest Rate] 
 
 
• 
Fixed Interest 
Rate: 
[[⚫] per cent. per annum]/Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Manner 
in 
which 
the 
Floating 
Interest Rate is 
to 
be 
determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination]/[ISDA Determination] 
[CMS Rate Determination]/[Not Applicable]  
(if 
any 
of 
Screen 
Rate 
Determination, 
ISDA 
Determination 
or 
CMS 
Rate 
Determination 
is 
applicable, insert drafting Schedule 2 (Additional 
Provisions for determination of Floating Interest Rate) 
hereto) 
 
 
(d) 
Rate 2: 
[Fixed Interest Rate]/[Floating Interest Rate] 
 
 
• 
Fixed Interest 
Rate: 
[[⚫] per cent. per annum]/Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Manner 
in 
which 
the 
Floating 
Interest Rate is 
to 
be 
determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination]/[ISDA Determination] 
[CMS Rate Determination]/[Not Applicable]  
(if 
any 
of 
Screen 
Rate 
Determination, 
ISDA 
Determination 
or 
CMS 
Rate 
Determination 
is 
applicable, insert drafting Schedule 2 (Additional 
Provisions for determination of Floating Interest Rate) 
hereto) 
 
 
(e) 
Spread: 
[⚫]

--- Page 492 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
492 
 
 
(xiii) 
Digital 
Condition 
Fixed Rate: 
[[⚫] per cent. per annum]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
[OR] 
 
 
 
Interest Period 
Digital 
Condition 
Fixed 
Rate 
 
 
 
From 
(and 
including) 
the 
[Interest 
Commencement Date]/[Interest Payment 
Date] [falling on]/[scheduled to fall on] 
[●] to (but excluding) the Interest Payment 
Date [falling on]/[scheduled to fall on] [●] 
[(such scheduled Interest Payment Dates 
not being adjusted for any Business Day 
Convention)]  
(repeat as required)  
[[⚫] 
per 
cent. 
per 
annum]  
(repeat as 
required) 
 
 
 
[OR] 
for Swedish Securities, specify the following: 
 
 
 
Interest Period  
Digital 
Condition 
Fixed Rate  
 
 
 
From 
(but 
excluding) 
the 
[Interest 
Commencement Date]/[Interest Payment 
Date] [falling on]/[scheduled to fall on] 
[●] to (and including) the Interest Payment 
Date [falling on]/[scheduled to fall on] [●] 
[(such scheduled Interest Payment Dates 
not being adjusted for any Business Day 
Convention)] 
(repeat as required)  
[[●] 
per 
cent. 
per 
annum]  
(repeat as 
required)  
 
 
(xiv) Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual ICMA)]/[Actual/Actual]/[Actual/Actual 
(ISDA)]/[Actual/365 
Fixed)]/[Actual/365L]/[Actual/360]/[30/360]/[30/360 
(ICMA)]/[30/360 
(ISDA)]/[360/360]/[Bond 
Basis]/[30E/360]/[Eurobond 
Basis]/[30E/360 
(ISDA)]/[1/1] 
 
21. 
Inverse Floater Securities: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Paragraph 
1.12 
of 
the 
Additional Conditions) 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
 
(i) 
Interest 
Payment 
Date(s) subject to the 
Inverse Floater Security 
Provisions: 
[Each of the [⚫] day of [month], [month] (repeat as 
required) in each calendar year from (and including) [⚫
] to (and including) [⚫]/[⚫] (specify dates) [, each] [, 
adjusted in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention specified below]/[, not adjusted] 
 
 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Following Business Day Convention]/

--- Page 493 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
493 
 
[Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/[Modified Business Day Convention]/ 
 
 
[Preceding Business Day Convention]/ 
 
 
 
[FRN Convention. The Specified Period is from (and 
including) [⚫] to (but excluding) [⚫] (repeat as 
required)]/Floating 
Rate 
Convention]/[Eurodollar 
Convention]/ 
 
 
 
[No Adjustment]/[Unadjusted] 
 
 
 
 (delete as appropriate) 
 
 
(iii) 
Interest 
Period(s) 
subject to the Inverse 
Floater 
Security 
Provisions: 
From (and including) the [Interest Commencement 
Date]/[Interest Payment Date] [falling on]/[scheduled to 
fall on] [⚫] to (but excluding) the Interest Payment Date 
[falling on]/[scheduled to fall on] [⚫] [(such scheduled 
Interest Payment Dates not being adjusted for any 
Business Day Convention)] 
(repeat as required) 
 
 
 
(for Swedish Securities, specify the following) 
 
 
 
From (but excluding) the [Interest Commencement 
Date]/[Interest Payment Date] [falling on]/[scheduled to 
fall on] [⚫] to (and including) the Interest Payment Date 
[falling on]/[scheduled to fall on] [⚫] [(such scheduled 
Interest Payment Dates not being adjusted for any 
Business Day Convention)] 
(repeat as required) 
 
 
(iv) 
Additional 
Business 
Centre(s): 
[⚫] 
 
 
(v) 
Fixed Interest Rate: 
(insert drafting Schedule 1 (Additional Provisions for 
determination of Fixed Interest Rate) hereto) 
 
 
(vi) 
Manner 
in 
which 
Floating Interest Rate is 
to be determined: 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination]/[ISDA 
Determination]/[CMS Rate Determination]  
(insert drafting Schedule 2 (Additional Provisions for 
determination of Floating Interest Rate) hereto) 
 
 
(vii) 
Leverage: 
[[+/-][⚫] per cent.]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(viii) 
Cap: 
[[⚫] per cent. per annum]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(ix) 
Floor: 
[[⚫] per cent. per annum]/[Not Applicable] 
 
22. 
Switchable Securities: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(if Not Applicable, delete the following sub-paragraph)  
[Fixed to Floating Switchable Securities]/[Floating to 
Fixed Switchable Securities] 
 
 
(Paragraph 1.13 of Section 2 of 
the Additional Conditions) 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph)

--- Page 494 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
494 
 
 
(i) 
Interest 
Payment 
Date(s) subject to the 
Switchable 
Security 
Provisions: 
[Each of the [⚫] day of [month], [month] (repeat as 
required) in each calendar year from (and including) [⚫
] to (and including) [⚫]/[⚫] (specify dates) [, each] [, 
adjusted in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention specified below]/[, not adjusted] 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(ii) 
Business 
Day 
Convention: 
[Following Business Day Convention]/ 
[Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/[Modified Business Day Convention]/ 
 
 
 
[Preceding Business Day Convention]/ 
 
 
 
[FRN Convention. The Specified Period is from (and 
including) [⚫] to (but excluding) [⚫] (repeat as 
required)]/Floating 
Rate 
Convention]/[Eurodollar 
Convention]/ 
 
 
 
[No Adjustment]/[Unadjusted] 
 
 
 
 (delete as appropriate) 
 
 
(iii) 
Interest 
Period(s) 
subject 
to 
the 
Switchable 
Security 
Provisions: 
From (and including) the [Interest Commencement 
Date]/[Interest Payment Date] [falling on]/[scheduled to 
fall on] [⚫] to (but excluding) the Interest Payment Date 
[falling on]/[scheduled to fall on] [⚫] [(such scheduled 
Interest Payment Dates not being adjusted for any 
Business Day Convention)] 
(repeat as required) 
 
 
 
(for Swedish Securities, specify the following) 
 
 
 
From (but excluding) the [Interest Commencement 
Date]/[Interest Payment Date] [falling on]/[scheduled to 
fall on] [⚫] to (and including) the Interest Payment Date 
[falling on]/[scheduled to fall on] [⚫] [(such scheduled 
Interest Payment Dates not being adjusted for any 
Business Day Convention)] 
(repeat as required) 
 
 
(iv) 
Additional 
Business 
Centre(s): 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(v) 
Conversion 
Exercise 
Date: 
[Each Interest Payment Date]/[⚫] 
 
 
(vi) 
Conversion Notice Cut-
Off Date: 
[Default Conversion Notice Cut-Off Date]/[⚫] 
 
 
(vii) 
Fixed Interest Rate: 
[⚫] per cent. per annum 
(insert drafting Schedule 1 (Additional Provisions for 
determination of Fixed Interest Rate) hereto)

--- Page 495 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
495 
 
 
(viii) 
Manner 
in 
which 
Floating Interest Rate is 
to be determined: 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination]/[ISDA 
Determination]/[CMS Rate Determination]  
(if 
any 
of 
Screen 
Rate 
Determination, 
ISDA 
Determination 
or 
CMS 
Rate 
Determination 
is 
applicable, insert drafting Schedule 2 (Additional 
Provisions for determination of Floating Interest Rate) 
hereto) 
 
23. 
Zero Coupon Security 
Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(General Condition 7) 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: 
[⚫] per cent. per annum 
 
 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[⚫] 
 
 
(iii) 
Accrued 
Value 
Commencement Date: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
24. 
Linked Interest Provisions: 
Relevant Underlying 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(General Conditions 6.10 and 8) 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Equity-Linked 
Interest 
Securities: 
Single 
Share-
Linked 
Interest 
Securities, 
Share Basket-Linked Interest 
Securities: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(General Condition 9) 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
 
(i) 
Whether the Securities 
relate to a single share or 
a basket of shares (each, a 
"Share"): 
[Single Share-Linked Interest Securities]/[Share Basket-
Linked Interest Securities] 
 
 
 
(if Single Share-Linked Interest Securities, delete (a) 
below) 
 
 
(a) Scheduled Trading 
Days 
and 
Disrupted Days: 
[Common Scheduled Trading Days and Common 
Disrupted Days: Applicable] 
[Individual Scheduled Trading Days and Individual 
Disrupted Days: Applicable] 
[Common Scheduled Trading Days and Individual 
Disrupted Days: Applicable] 
(select one as appropriate and delete other two) 
 
 
(ii) 
The 
identity 
of 
the 
relevant issuer(s) (each an 
"Underlying 
Issuer"), 
class of the Share and 
ISINs or other security 
(a) 
Share/Shares: [⚫]](ISIN: [•]) (Bloomberg code 
[•]) (repeat as required)) 
(b) 
Share Issuer(s): [⚫] (repeat as required))

--- Page 496 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
496 
 
identification code for the 
Share: 
(insert (c) and (d) below for ADRs/GDRs)  
[(c) 
Underlying 
Share/Shares: 
(ISIN: 
[•]) 
(Bloomberg code [•]) (repeat as required)  
(d) 
Underlying Share Issuer(s): [⚫] (repeat as 
required)] 
 
(iii) 
Partial Lookthrough ADR 
Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(iv) 
Full Lookthrough ADR 
Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(v) 
Exchange(s): 
[⚫] (Specify)/As specified in General Condition 9.9 
(Definitions applicable to Equity-Linked Securities) 
 
 
(vi) 
Related Exchange(s): 
[⚫]/[All Exchanges] 
 
 
 
[OR] 
 
 
 
Share 
Related Exchange(s) 
 
[⚫] 
(repeat 
as 
required) 
[⚫]/[All Exchanges] 
(repeat as required) 
 
(vii) Determination 
Agent 
responsible 
for 
calculating 
Interest 
Amount: 
[⚫]/[Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc] 
 
 
 
(viii) Determination Time: 
[⚫]/As 
per 
General 
Condition 
9.9 
(Definitions 
applicable to Equity-Linked Securities) 
 
 
(ix) 
Additional Disruption 
Event(s): 
 
(General Condition 9.6) 
[[Change in Law] [,/and] [Hedging Disruption] [,/and] 
[Loss of Stock Borrow] [,/and] [Increased Cost of 
Hedging] [,/and] [Insolvency Filing] shall apply]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(delete any which are not applicable) 
 
 
(x) 
Correction Cut Off Time: 
 
(General Condition 
9.2(f)) 
[⚫]/within one Settlement Cycle after the original 
publication and prior to the relevant Interest Payment 
Date 
 
 
(xi) 
Weighting for each Share 
comprised in the Basket: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
[OR] 
 
 
 
Share 
Weighting 
 
[⚫] 
(repeat 
as 
required) 
[⚫] [per cent.] 
(repeat as required) 
(B) 
Equity-Linked 
Interest 
Securities: 
Single 
Index-
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 497 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
497 
 
Linked 
Interest 
Securities/Index 
Basket-
Linked Interest Securities: 
 
(General Condition 9) 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
 
(i) 
Types of Securities: 
[Single Index-Linked Interest Securities] 
 
 
 
[Index Basket-Linked Interest Securities] 
 
 
 
(if Single Index-Linked Interest Securities, delete (a) 
below) 
 
 
(a) Scheduled Trading Days and 
Disrupted Days: 
[Common Scheduled Trading Days and Common 
Disrupted Days: Applicable] 
[Individual Scheduled Trading Days and Individual 
Disrupted Days: Applicable] 
[Common Scheduled Trading Days and Individual 
Disrupted Days: Applicable] 
(select one as appropriate and delete other two)  
 
 
(ii) 
Index/Indices: 
[⚫] (Specify Index that is not a Proprietary Index, if 
applicable) [, which is a Multi-Exchange Index]; 
(Bloomberg Code [⚫]) 
[[MS Dynamic Fund Allocation Index]/[MS Dynamic 
Fund Allocation Series 2 Index]/[MS Dynamic Fund 
Allocation Series 3 Index]/[MS Dynamic Fund 
Allocation Series 4 Index], which is a Proprietary Index. 
The Index Fee with respect to the Index is [⚫]. 
A description of the Index for the purposes of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 is set 
out in the section of the Base Prospectus titled "The MS 
Dynamic Fund Allocation Index Family";]  
(repeat as required) 
(Specify Index for Single Index-Linked Interest 
Securities, and specify each of Indices for Index Basket-
Linked Interest Securities) 
 
 
(iii) 
Exchange(s): 
[⚫] (Specify)/As specified in General Condition 9.9 
(Definitions applicable to Equity-Linked Securities)  
 
 
 
[OR] 
 
 
 
Index 
Exchange 
 
[⚫] 
(repeat 
as 
required) 
[⚫] (Specify)/As specified in 
General 
Condition 
9.9 
(Definitions applicable to Equity-
Linked Securities) 
(repeat as required) 
 
(iv) 
Related Exchange(s): 
[⚫]/[All Exchanges] 
 
 
 
[OR]

--- Page 498 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
498 
 
 
 
Index 
Related Exchange(s) 
 
[⚫] 
(repeat 
as 
required) 
[⚫]/[All Exchanges] 
(repeat as required) 
 
(v) 
Determination 
Agent 
responsible 
for 
calculating 
Interest 
Amount: 
[⚫]/[Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc] 
 
 
 
(vi) 
Determination Time: 
[⚫]/As 
per 
General 
Condition 
9.9 
(Definitions 
applicable to Equity-Linked Securities) 
 
 
(vii) 
Benchmark 
Trigger   
Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(viii) 
 
Alternative 
Pre-
nominated Index: 
[None] [Specify] 
 
 
(ix) 
Additional Disruption 
Event(s): 
(General 
Condition 
9.6) 
[[Change in Law] [,/and] [Hedging Disruption] [,/and] 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] [,/and] [Insolvency Filing] 
shall apply]/[Not Applicable] 
(delete any which are not applicable) 
 
 
(x) 
Correction 
Cut 
Off 
Time: 
(General 
Condition 
9.2(f)) 
[⚫]/[within one Settlement Cycle after the original 
publication and prior to the relevant Interest Payment 
Date] 
 
 
(xi) 
Weighting 
for 
each 
Index comprised in the 
Basket: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
[OR] 
 
 
 
Index 
Weighting 
 
[⚫] 
(repeat 
as 
required) 
[⚫] [per cent.] 
(repeat as required) 
(C) 
Equity-Linked 
Interest 
Securities: Single ETF-Linked 
Interest 
Securities, 
ETF 
Basket 
Linked 
Interest 
Securities: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(General Condition 9) 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
 
(i) 
Whether the Securities 
relate to a single ETF or 
a basket of ETFs (each, 
an "ETF": 
[Single ETF-Linked Interest Securities] 
[ETF Basket-Linked Interest Securities]

--- Page 499 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
499 
 
 
 
(if Single ETF-Linked Interest Securities, delete (a) 
below) 
 
 
(a) Scheduled Trading 
Days and 
Disrupted Days: 
[Common Scheduled Trading Days and Common 
Disrupted Days: Applicable] 
[Individual Scheduled Trading Days and Individual 
Disrupted Days: Applicable] 
[Common Scheduled Trading Days and Individual 
Disrupted Days: Applicable] 
(select one as appropriate and delete other two)  
 
 
(ii) 
Names of each ETF 
Interest and the identity 
of the related ETF: 
[⚫] (specify ETF Interest(s) and ETF(s)), (Bloomberg 
Code [⚫]) 
 
 
(iii) 
Exchange(s): 
[⚫] (Specify)/As specified in General Condition 9.9 
(Definitions applicable to Equity-Linked Securities) 
 
 
(iv) 
Related Exchange(s): 
[⚫]/[All Exchanges] 
 
 
 
[OR] 
 
 
 
ETF 
Related Exchange(s) 
 
[⚫] 
(repeat 
as 
required) 
[⚫]/[All Exchanges] 
(repeat as required) 
 
(v) 
Determination Agent 
responsible for 
calculating Interest 
Amount: 
[⚫]/[Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc] 
 
 
 
(vi) 
Determination Time: 
[⚫] As per General Condition 9.9 
 
 
(vii) Additional 
Disruption 
Event(s): 
(General Condition 9.6) 
[[Change in Law] [,/and] [Hedging Disruption] [,/and] 
[Loss of Stock Borrow] [,/and] [Increased Cost of 
Hedging] [,/and] [Insolvency Filing] shall apply]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(delete any which are not applicable) 
 
 
(viii) Correction Cut Off Time: 
(General 
Condition 
9.3(b)) 
[⚫]/within one Settlement Cycle after the original 
publication and prior to the relevant Interest Payment 
Date 
 
 
(ix) 
Eligible ETF Interest: 
[⚫] (specify or delete if Not Applicable or fallback 
provisions in General Condition 9.5 (Extraordinary 
ETF Events) apply.) 
 
 
(x) 
Weighting for each ETF 
Interest comprising the 
basket: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
[OR]

--- Page 500 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
500 
 
 
 
ETF Interest 
Weighting 
 
[⚫] 
(repeat 
as 
required) 
[⚫] [per cent.] 
(repeat as required) 
(D) 
Commodity-Linked 
Interest 
Securities 
(General Condition 10) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
 
(i) 
Commodity/ies 
or 
Commodity 
Index/Indices: 
[⚫] [if applicable, specify whether Non Metal, Base 
Metal or Precious Metal] 
 
 
(ii) 
Commodity 
Reference 
Price: 
[specify Commodity Reference Price]/[Commodity 
Reference Dealers] 
 
 
(iii) 
Delivery Date: 
[⚫] 
(Delivery Date shall always be Pricing date where the 
Commodity Reference Price is GOLD-P.M.-FIX) 
 
 
(iv) 
Pricing  Date: 
[specify any date other than an Interest Determination 
Date, Determination Date, Barrier Observation Date, 
Final 
Redemption 
Barrier 
Observation 
Date, 
Commodity Business Day in any Barrier Observation 
Period and Value Observation Date which is intended to 
be a Pricing Date] 
 
 
(v) 
Price Source: 
[⚫] 
 
 
(vi) 
Commodity 
Specified 
Price: 
[High Price]/[Low Price]/[Average of High Price and 
Low 
Price]/[Closing 
Price]/[Commodity 
Opening 
Price]/[Commodity Closing Price]/[Bid Price]/[Asked 
Price]/[Average 
of 
Bid 
Price 
and 
Asked 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Official 
Settlement 
Price]/[Official 
Price]/[Morning 
Fixing]/[Afternoon 
Fixing]/[Spot Price]/[Official Cash Offer Price]/[⚫] 
(Afternoon Fixing shall always apply where the 
Commodity Reference Price is GOLD-P.M.-FIX) 
 
 
(vii) Weighting 
for 
each 
Commodity/Commodity 
Index 
comprising 
the 
basket: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
[OR] 
 
 
 
Commodity/Com
modity Index 
Weighting 
 
[⚫] 
(repeat 
as 
required) 
[⚫] [per cent.] 
(repeat as required)

--- Page 501 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
501 
 
 
(viii) Determination 
Agent 
responsible 
for 
calculating 
Interest 
Amount: 
[⚫]/[Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc] 
 
 
 
(ix) 
Correction cut off time: 
(General Condition 10.1) 
[⚫]/within thirty calendar days after the original 
publication or announcement 
 
 
(x) 
Commodity 
Disruption 
Events: 
(General 
Condition 10.2) 
[Price 
Source 
Disruption]/[Trading 
Disruption]/[Disappearance of Commodity Reference 
Price]/[Material Change in Formula]/[Material Change 
in Content]/[Tax Disruption] 
 
 
 
 
(xi) 
Commodity 
Disruption 
Fallbacks: 
(General 
Condition 10.3) 
 
[Fallback Reference Price]/[Postponement]/Commodity 
Fallback Value]/[Determination Agent Determination] 
[[Fallback Reference Price] applies in relation to [Price 
Source 
Disruption]/[Trading 
Disruption]/[Disappearance of Commodity Reference 
Price]/[Material Change in Formula]/[Material Change 
in Content]/[Tax Disruption]] 
[[Postponement] applies in relation to [Price Source 
Disruption]/[Trading Disruption]/[Disappearance of 
Commodity Reference Price]/[Material Change in 
Formula]/[Material 
Change 
in 
Content]/[Tax 
Disruption]] 
[[Commodity Fallback Value applies in relation to 
[Price 
Source 
Disruption]/[Trading 
Disruption]/[Disappearance of Commodity Reference 
Price]/[Material Change in Formula]/[Material Change 
in Content]/[Tax Disruption]] 
[[Determination Agent Determination applies in relation 
to 
[Price 
Source 
Disruption]/[Trading 
Disruption]/[Disappearance of Commodity Reference 
Price]/[Material Change in Formula]/[Material Change 
in Content]/[Tax Disruption]] 
Commodity Disruption Fallback(s) shall apply in the 
following order: 
[specify the order in which the above Commodity 
Disruption Fallbacks shall apply in relation to each 
applicable Commodity Disruption Event. For [specify 
type of Securities] Determination Agent Determination 
alone should apply] 
 
 
(xii) Fallback Commodity 
Reference Price: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(xiii) Price Materiality 
Percentage: 
[[⚫] per cent.]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(xiv) Specified Maximum 
Days of Disruption: 
[⚫]/[3 Commodity Business Days]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(xv) Exchange(s): 
[⚫] 
 
 
(xvi) Date to be considered by 
the Determination Agent 
[⚫]/[Pricing Date]

--- Page 502 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
502 
 
in order to determine 
whether a Commodity 
Disruption Event has 
occurred: 
 
(xvii) Date to be considered by 
the Determination Agent 
in order to determine 
whether a Commodity 
Index Disruption Event 
has occurred: 
[⚫]/[Pricing Date] 
 
 
(xviii) Common Pricing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(xix) 
Benchmark 
Trigger   
Provisions:  
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
[[Early 
Redemption 
Amount 
(Administrator/Benchmark Event) – Fair Market Value 
Less 
Costs]/[Early 
Redemption 
Amount 
(Administrator/Benchmark Event) – Fair Market Value] 
shall apply]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
[[Early Redemption Amount (Commodity Index 
Disruption Event) – Fair Market Value Less 
Costs]/[Early Redemption Amount (Commodity Index 
Disruption Event) – Fair Market Value] shall 
apply]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
[[Early Redemption Amount (Commodity Index 
Adjustment Event) – Fair Market Value Less 
Costs]/[Early Redemption Amount (Commodity Index 
Adjustment Event) – Fair Market Value] shall 
apply]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(xx)  Alternative Pre-nominated 
Index: 
[None] [Specify] 
 
 
(xxi) 
Additional Disruption 
Event(s): 
(General Condition 10.8) 
Change in Law – [Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
Hedging Disruption - [Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
Increased Cost of Hedging - [Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
(delete any which are not applicable) 
 
(E) 
Currency 
Linked 
Interest 
Securities 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(General Condition 11) 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
 
(i) 
Settlement 
Currency 
for Single Currency-
Linked Securities: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(ii) 
Reference 
Currency 
for Single Currency-
Linked Securities: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 503 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
503 
 
 
(iii) 
Specified Amount for 
Single 
Currency-
Linked Securities:  
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(iv) 
Reference 
Currency 
Jurisdiction for Single 
Currency-Linked 
Securities: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(v)  Settlement Currencies, 
Reference Currencies, 
Specified Amounts and 
Reference 
Currency 
Jurisdiction 
for 
Currency 
Basket-
Linked Securities 
[Not Applicable]/ 
Settlement 
Currency 
Reference 
Currency 
Specified 
Amount 
Reference 
Currency 
Jurisdictio
n 
[•] 
(repeat 
as 
required) 
[•] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[•] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[•] 
(repeat as 
required) 
 
 
(vi) 
Specified Rate: 
Specify one of: 
 
 
 
Reference Currency bid exchange rate; 
Reference Currency offer exchange rate; 
Average of Reference Currency bid and offer exchange 
rates; 
 
 
 
Settlement Currency bid exchange rate; 
Settlement Currency offer exchange rate; 
Average of Settlement Currency bid and offer exchange 
rates; 
Official fixing rate; 
 
 
(vii) 
Determination Agent 
responsible for 
calculating the Interest 
Amount: 
[⚫]/[Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc] 
 
 
 
(viii) 
Settlement Rate 
Option: 
[Currency Reference Dealers]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(ix) 
Currency 
Disruption 
Events: 
(General 
Condition 
11.3) 
[[Price Source Disruption[is]/[is not] Applicable] [and] 
[Additional Price Source Disruption][,/and] [Price 
Materiality 
Event] 
[is]/[are] 
[applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] [in respect of all dates]/[in respect of [insert 
dates, for example, Observation Date]] 
 
 
(x) 
Currency 
Disruption 
Fallbacks: 
Currency Disruption Fallback(s) shall apply in the 
following order: 
 
 
(General 
Condition 
11.4) 
Currency 
Disruption 
Event 
Currency Disruption Fallback

--- Page 504 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
504 
 
Price 
Source 
Disruption 
[Not Applicable]/OR  
[insert the following if only one 
Currency 
Disruption 
Fallback 
applies: 
[Determination 
Agent 
Determination of Settlement Rate] 
[OR] [Fallback Reference Price]] 
[insert the following if only 
multiple 
Currency 
Disruption 
Fallbacks apply: 
[Currency Disruption Fallback(s) 
shall apply in the following order: 
[(i) 
Determination 
Agent 
Determination 
of 
Settlement Rate; 
(ii) 
Fallback Reference Price.] 
[OR] 
[(i) 
Fallback Reference Price; 
(ii) 
Determination 
Agent 
Determination 
of 
Settlement 
Rate.]] 
Additional Price 
Source 
Disruption 
[Not Applicable]/OR  
[insert the following if only one 
Currency 
Disruption 
Fallback 
applies: 
[Determination 
Agent 
Determination of Settlement Rate] 
[OR] [Fallback Reference Price]] 
[insert the following if only 
multiple 
Currency 
Disruption 
Fallbacks apply: 
[Currency Disruption Fallback(s) 
shall apply in the following order: 
[(i) 
Determination 
Agent 
Determination 
of 
Settlement Rate; 
(ii) 
Fallback Reference Price.] 
[OR] 
[(i) 
Fallback Reference Price; 
(ii) 
Determination 
Agent 
Determination 
of 
Settlement 
Rate.]] 
Price Materiality 
Event 
[Not Applicable]/OR  
[insert the following if only one 
Currency 
Disruption 
Fallback 
applies:

--- Page 505 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
505 
 
[Determination 
Agent 
Determination of Settlement Rate] 
[OR] [Fallback Reference Price]] 
[insert the following if only 
multiple 
Currency 
Disruption 
Fallbacks apply: 
[Currency Disruption Fallback(s) 
shall apply in the following order: 
[(i) 
Determination 
Agent 
Determination 
of 
Settlement Rate; 
(ii) 
Fallback Reference Price.] 
[OR] 
[(i) 
Fallback Reference Price; 
(ii) 
Determination 
Agent 
Determination 
of 
Settlement 
Rate.]] 
 
(xi) 
Price Materiality 
Percentage: 
[⚫] per cent./[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(xii) 
Reference Source: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(xiii) 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount 
(Administrator/Benchm
ark 
Event) 
– 
Fair 
Market 
Value 
Less 
Costs:  
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(xiv) 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount 
(Administrator/Benchm
ark 
Event) 
– 
Fair 
Market Value:  
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(xv) 
Relevant 
FX 
Benchmark:  
[As per Condition 11.8 (Definitions applicable to 
Currency-Linked Securities)]/[other: specify] 
 
 
(xvi) 
Additional Disruption 
Event(s): 
(General 
Condition 
11.6) 
Change in Law – [Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
Hedging Disruption - [Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
Increased Cost of Hedging - [Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(delete any which are not applicable) 
 
(F) 
Inflation-Linked 
Interest 
Securities 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(General Condition 12) 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
 
(i) 
Inflation 
Index/Inflation 
Indices: 
[⚫][UDI Fixing] (Note – for issuances of Securities to 
retail investors, "UDI Fixing" may not be specified)

--- Page 506 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
506 
 
 
(ii) 
Inflation Index 
Sponsor(s): 
[⚫][Central Bank of the United Mexican States (Banco 
de México)] 
 
 
(iii) 
Determination Agent 
responsible for 
calculating Interest 
Amount: 
[⚫]/[Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc] 
 
 
 
(iv) 
Early Redemption 
Amount (Inflation 
Index Cessation) – Fair 
Market Value Less 
Costs:  
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(Not Applicable where the Inflation Index is UDI Fixing) 
 
 
(v) 
Early Redemption 
Amount (Inflation 
Index Cessation) – Fair 
Market Value:  
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(Not Applicable where the Inflation Index is UDI Fixing) 
 
 
 
(vi) 
Additional Disruption 
Event(s): 
(General Condition 
12.8) 
[[Change in Law] [,/and] [Hedging Disruption] [,/and] 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] shall apply]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(delete any which are not applicable) 
 
 
(vii) 
Index Level 
Adjustment 
Correction: 
(General Condition 
12.6) 
[The first publication or announcement of the level of 
the Inflation Index (disregarding estimates) by the 
relevant Inflation Index Sponsor for any Reference 
Month shall be final and conclusive and, subject to 
General Condition 12 (Provisions relating to Inflation-
Linked Securities), later revisions to the level of the 
Inflation Index for such Reference Month will not be 
used in any calculations]/[The first publication or 
announcement of a level of the Inflation Index 
(disregarding estimates) published by the relevant Index 
Sponsor or, if revised, any subsequent revision of such 
level for a Reference Month shall be final and conclusive 
for such Reference Month, provided that such revisions 
are published or announced up to and including the day 
that is two Business Days prior to the relevant Interest 
Payment Date][Not Applicable]. 
(Not Applicable where the Inflation Index is UDI Fixing) 
(delete as appropriate) 
 
 
(viii) Related Bond: 
[specify]/[Fallback 
Bond]/[Fallback 
Bond: 
Not 
Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(Not Applicable where the Inflation Index is UDI Fixing) 
 
 
(ix) 
Weighting for each 
Inflation Index 
comprising the basket: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
[OR] 
 
 
 
Inflation Index 
Weighting

--- Page 507 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
507 
 
[⚫] 
(repeat 
as 
required) 
[⚫] [per cent.] 
(repeat as required) 
(G) 
Fund-Linked 
Interest 
Securities 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(General Condition 13) 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
 
(i) 
Fund: 
[⚫] (specify) 
 
 
(ii) 
Fund Interest: 
[⚫] (ISIN: [⚫])  (specify) 
 
 
(iii) 
Basket of Funds: 
[Not Applicable] (specify or delete if not applicable, 
include any relevant weightings of each Fund) 
 
 
 
(if Basket of Funds is Not Applicable, delete (a) below) 
 
 
(a) 
Fund 
Business 
Days and Disrupted 
Days: 
[Common Fund Business Days and Common Disrupted 
Days: Applicable] 
[Individual Fund Business Days and Individual 
Disrupted Days: Applicable] 
[Common Fund Business Days and Individual Disrupted 
Days: Applicable] 
(select one as appropriate and delete other two)  
 
 
(iv) 
Cut-off Period: 
(General Condition 
13.1) 
[⚫] (specify)/[As defined in General Condition 13.6] 
 
 
(v) 
Final Cut-off Date: 
[⚫] (specify)/[Not Applicable] (if "Supplementary 
Provisions for Belgian Securities" is specified as 
Applicable, specify Not Applicable (because payment of 
the relevant early redemption amount may not extend 
beyond the Maturity Date in these circumstances)) 
 
 
(vi) 
Determination  Date 
[⚫]  
 
 
(vii) 
Interest Period: 
[As set out in Condition 2.1/(Insert "Unadjusted" if the 
application of the relevant Business Day Convention is 
not intended to affect the Interest Period)] 
 
 
(viii) 
Specified Interest 
Payment Dates: 
[⚫] 
 
 
(ix) 
Valuation Date(s): 
(General Condition 
13.4) 
[⚫] (specify or delete if not applicable or if fallback is 
applicable) 
 
 
(x) 
Observation Date(s): 
[⚫]

--- Page 508 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
508 
 
 
(xi) 
Averaging Date(s): 
(General Condition 
13.1) 
[⚫] (specify or delete if not applicable or if fallback is 
applicable) 
 
 
(xii) 
Scheduled Redemption 
Valuation Date(s): 
[⚫] (specify or delete if not applicable or if fallback is 
applicable) 
 
 
(xiii) 
Redemption Notice 
Date(s): 
[⚫] (specify or delete if not applicable or if fallback is 
applicable) 
 
 
(xiv) 
Reference Price: 
[Reported Net Asset Value][Redemption Proceeds] 
(specify in respect of a Fund Interest) 
 
 
(xv) 
Non-Applicable Fund 
Event(s): 
 
(General 
Condition13.4) 
The following are the not applicable Fund Events in 
relation to the Securities 
(specify all of the following which are not applicable) 
[Nationalisation;]/[Fund 
Insolvency 
Event;]/[NAV 
Trigger/Restriction 
Event;]/[Fund 
Adviser 
Event;]/[Changes 
to 
Fund 
or 
Fund 
Services 
Providers;]/[Fund 
Modification;]/[Strategy 
Breach;]/[Breach 
by 
Fund 
Service 
Provider;]/[Regulatory 
Event;]/[Reporting 
Disruption;]/[Compulsory 
Redemption 
or 
Assignment;]/[Closure 
to 
Subscriptions; 
Dealing 
Restrictions;]/[Disposals: 
Material 
Change: 
Merger;]/[Hedging 
Disruption;]/[Fraud;]/[Force 
Majeure Event;]/[Value Limitation;]/[Delisting;]/[Fund 
Accounting Event;]/[Fees or Charges Event;]/[specify 
any Additional Fund Events] 
 
 
(xvi) 
Additional Fund 
Event(s): 
[Not Applicable] [⚫]  
(specify) 
 
 
(xvii) 
Fund Event 
Unscheduled 
Redemption 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
 
(xviii) 
Successor Fund 
Interest Minimum 
Aggregate NAV: 
[Not Applicable] [⚫]  
[specify]  
 
(H) 
Futures 
Contract-Linked 
Interest Securities  
(General Condition 15) 
[Applicable/ Not Applicable] (if applicable, insert 
relevant provisions) 
 
 
 
(if Single Futures Contract-Linked Securities, delete sub 
paragraph below) 
 
 
Scheduled Trading Days and 
Disrupted Days: 
[Common Scheduled Trading Days and Common 
Disrupted Days: Applicable] 
[Individual Scheduled Trading Days and Individual 
Disrupted Days: Applicable] 
[Common Scheduled Trading Days and Individual 
Disrupted Days: Applicable] 
(select one as appropriate and delete other two)

--- Page 509 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
509 
 
 
(i) 
Determination Agent 
responsible for 
calculating the Interest 
Amount: 
[●] 
 
 
(ii) 
Provisions for 
determining Rate(s) of 
Interest and/or Interest 
Amount(s) where 
calculated by reference 
to Futures Contract: 
[⚫] 
 
 
(iii) 
Provisions for 
determining Rate(s) of 
Interest and/or Interest 
Amount(s) where 
calculation by 
reference to Futures 
Contract is impossible 
or impracticable or 
otherwise disrupted: 
[⚫] (Include a description of market disruption or 
settlement disruption events and adjustment provisions) 
 
 
(iv) 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[•] 
 
 
(v) 
Specified Number of 
Scheduled Trading 
Days: 
[●] [As per General Condition 15.7] 
 
 
(vi) 
Specified Number of 
Common Scheduled 
Trading Days: 
[●] [As per General Condition 15.7] 
 
 
(vii) 
Futures Contract 
Adjustment Events: 
[Price 
Source 
Disruption] 
[Trading 
Restriction] 
[Disappearance or Non-commencement of Futures 
Contract or Settlement Price] [Material Change in 
Formula] 
[Material 
Change 
in 
Content] 
[Tax 
Disruption] [Change of Exchange] [Illiquidity Event] 
 
 
(viii) 
Adjustments for 
Futures Contract 
Adjustment Events: 
(Specify criteria for replacement of futures contract 
contemplated by General Condition 15.4(a)(ii), if any) 
 
 
(ix) 
Additional Disruption 
Events: 
[Change in Law] [Hedging Disruption] [Increased Cost 
of Hedging] 
 
 
(x) 
Correction Cut-Off 
Time: 
[●] 
 
 
(xi) 
Weighting for each 
Futures Contract 
comprising the Basket 
of Futures Contracts: 
[Insert details] [N/A] 
 
 
(xii) 
Averaging Date(s): 
[●] 
 
 
(xiii) 
Averaging Date 
Disruption: 
[Omission/Postponement/Modified Postponement]

--- Page 510 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
510 
 
 
(xiv) 
Observation Date(s): 
[●] 
 
 
(xv) 
Valuation Date(s): 
[●] 
 
25. 
Linked Interest Provisions: 
Interest Terms 
(General Condition 6.10 and 
Section 2 of the Additional 
Conditions) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
No Coupon: 
(Paragraph 1.14 of Section 2 of 
the Additional Conditions) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(B) 
Regular Coupon: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Paragraph 1.15 of Section 2 of 
the Additional Conditions) 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
 
(i) 
Interest 
Payment 
Date(s): 
[Each of the [⚫] day of [month], [month] (repeat as 
required) in each calendar year from (and including) [⚫
] to (and including) [⚫]]/[[⚫] (specify dates) [, each] [, 
adjusted in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention specified below]/[, not adjusted] 
 
 
(ii) 
Coupon Rate: 
[[Not Applicable]/[⚫]/[100] per cent.]/[A percentage 
rate to be determined by the Determination Agent before 
the Issue Date and notified to the Securityholders not 
more than 15 Business Days thereafter by publication on 
[⚫] (insert website address), provided that such 
percentage rate shall be [not less than [⚫] per cent.] [and] 
[not greater than [⚫] per cent.]] 
 
 
 
[OR] 
 
 
 
Interest 
Determination 
Date 
Coupon Rate 
 
[⚫]  
(repeat 
as 
required) 
[[Not Applicable]/[⚫]/[100] per 
cent.]/[A percentage rate to be 
determined by the Determination 
Agent before the Issue Date and 
notified to the Securityholders 
not more than 15 Business Days 
thereafter by publication on [⚫] 
(insert 
website 
address), 
provided that such percentage 
rate shall be [not less than [⚫] per 
cent.] [and] [not greater than [⚫] 
per cent.]] 
(repeat as required) 
A14.4.8(c) 
A15.4.8(d)

--- Page 511 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
511 
 
 
(iii) 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[⚫] (specify) 
 
 
(iv) 
Business Day 
Convention: 
[Following Business Day Convention]/ 
[Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/[Modified Business Day Convention]/ 
 
 
 
[Preceding Business Day Convention]/ 
 
 
 
[FRN Convention. The Specified Period is from (and 
including) [⚫] to (but excluding) [⚫] (repeat as 
required)]/Floating 
Rate 
Convention]/[Eurodollar 
Convention]/ 
 
 
 
[No Adjustment]/[Unadjusted] 
 
 
 
 (delete as appropriate) 
 
 
(v) 
Fixed Rate Security 
Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs) 
 
 
• 
Rate(s) 
of 
Interest: 
[Not Applicable]/[[●] per cent. per annum [payable 
[annually/semi-annually/monthly/other 
(specify)] 
in 
arrear]] 
 
 
• 
Interest 
Period(s): 
From (and including) the [Interest Commencement 
Date]/[Interest Payment Date] [falling on]/[scheduled to 
fall on] [●] to (but excluding) the Interest Payment Date 
[falling on]/[scheduled to fall on] [●] [(such scheduled 
Interest Payment Dates not being adjusted for any 
Business Day Convention)] 
(repeat as required) 
 
 
 
(for Swedish Securities, specify the following) 
 
 
 
From (but excluding) the [Interest Commencement 
Date]/[Interest Payment Date] [falling on]/[scheduled to 
fall on] [●] to (and including) the Interest Payment Date 
[falling on]/[scheduled to fall on] [●] [(such scheduled 
Interest Payment Dates not being adjusted for any 
Business Day Convention)] 
(repeat as required) 
 
 
• 
Broken 
Amount(s): 
[Not Applicable]/[[●] per Calculation Amount, payable 
on the Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [●]]

--- Page 512 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
512 
 
 
• 
Day 
Count 
Fraction 
 
(General 
Condition 5.7) 
[Not 
Applicable]/[Actual/Actual 
ICMA)]/[Actual/Actual]/[Actual/Actual 
(ISDA)]/[Actual/365 
Fixed)]/[Actual/365L]/[Actual/360]/[30/360]/[30/360 
(ICMA)]/[30/360 
(ISDA)]/[360/360]/[Bond 
Basis]/[30E/360]/[Eurobond 
Basis]/[30E/360 
(ISDA)]/[1/1] 
 
 
(vi) 
Inflation Adjustment: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs) 
 
 
• 
Relevant 
Inflation Index: 
[insert name of inflation index] published by [insert 
name of index sponsor] ([insert Bloomberg ticker or 
price source]) 
 
 
• 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount 
(Inflation Index 
Cessation) 
– 
Fair 
Market 
Value 
Less 
Costs:  
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
• 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount 
(Inflation Index 
Cessation) 
– 
Fair 
Market 
Value:  
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
 
• 
Additional 
Disruption 
Event(s): 
(General Condition 12) 
[[Change in Law] [,/and] [Hedging Disruption] [,/and] 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] shall apply]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(delete any which are not applicable) 
 
 
• 
Inflation Level 
Adjustment 
Correction: 
(General Condition 
12.6) 
[The first publication or announcement of the level of 
the Relevant Inflation Index (disregarding estimates) by 
the 
relevant 
Inflation 
Index 
Sponsor for 
any 
Determination Month shall be final and conclusive and, 
subject to General Condition 12, later revisions to the 
level of the Relevant Inflation Index for such 
Determination Month will not be used in any 
calculations]/[The first publication or announcement of 
a level of the Relevant Inflation Index (disregarding 
estimates) published by the relevant Index Sponsor or, if 
revised, any subsequent revision of such level for a 
Determination Month shall be final and conclusive for 
such Determination Month, provided that such revisions 
are published or announced up to and including the day 
that is two Business Days prior to the relevant Interest 
Payment Date]. 
(delete as appropriate)

--- Page 513 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
513 
 
 
• 
Related Bond: 
(General Condition 12) 
[specify]/[Fallback 
Bond]/[Fallback 
Bond: 
Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Relevant 
Inflation Index 
(Initial): 
[⚫]/[The official determination of the Relevant Inflation 
Index for the month of [month and year].] 
 
 
• 
Determination 
Month 
for 
Relevant 
Inflation Index 
(N): 
The month that is [number of months] months 
[before]/[after] 
[the]/[each] 
[Interest 
Payment 
Date]/[other determination]. 
 
 
 
[OR] 
 
 
 
Interest Determination 
Date 
Determination Month 
[●] 
(repeat as required) 
[month]/[The month that 
is [number of months] 
months 
[before]/[after] 
such [Interest Payment 
Date]/[other 
determination] 
(repeat as required) 
 
 
(vii) 
Barrier Additional 
Coupon Amount: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph (vii)) 
 
 
• 
Additional 
Rate: 
[●] per cent. 
 
 
 
[OR] 
 
 
 
Interest Determination 
Date 
Additional Rate 
[●] 
(repeat as required) 
[●] 
(repeat as required) 
 
 
• 
Additional 
interest amount 
is payable if the 
Knock-in 
Value: 
the [relevant Interest Determination Date]/[each Barrier 
Observation Date in respect of the relevant Interest 
Determination Date]/[any time during the Barrier 
Observation Period in respect of the relevant Interest 
Determination Date] is [greater than]/[greater than or 
equal to]/[equal to]/[less than]/[less than or equal to] the 
relevant Coupon Barrier Value 
(delete as appropriate)

--- Page 514 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
514 
 
 
• 
Knock-in 
Value: 
[[Worst Performance]/[Best Performance]/[Selected 
Worst 
of 
Performance]/[Selected 
Best 
of 
Performance]/[Relevant Underlying Performance] is 
applicable]/[is the Relevant Underlying Value] [and "N" 
is equal to [●]] 
 
 
• 
Barrier 
Observation 
Date(s): 
[Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
[OR] 
 
 
 
Interest Determination 
Date 
Barrier 
Observation 
Date 
[●] 
(repeat as required) 
[●] 
(repeat as required) 
 
 
• 
Barrier 
Observation 
Period: 
[Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
[OR]

--- Page 515 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
515 
 
 
 
Interest Determination 
Date 
Barrier 
Observation 
Period 
[●] 
(repeat as required) 
[Barrier 
Observation 
Date]/[From 
[and 
including]/[but 
excluding] 
[Barrier 
Observation Period Start 
Date] 
to 
[but 
excluding]/[and 
including] 
[Barrier 
Observation Period End 
Date]]/[Each 
[Common 
]Scheduled Trading Day 
beginning 
on 
(and 
including) [⚫] and ending 
on (but excluding) [⚫
][subject to adjustment in 
accordance 
with 
[Condition 9.1 (Market 
Disruption, 
Reference 
Dates 
and 
Averaging 
Dates)]11/[Condition 13.1 
(Market 
Disruption, 
Reference 
Dates 
and 
Averaging 
Dates)]12/[Condition 15.1 
(Market 
Disruption, 
Reference 
Dates 
and 
Averaging Dates) 13] 
(repeat as required) 
 
 
• 
Coupon Barrier 
Value: 
[[●]/[●] per cent/ of Initial Reference Value] 
 
 
 
[OR] 
 
 
 
Interest Determination 
Date 
Coupon Barrier Value 
[●] 
(repeat as required) 
[[●]/[●] per cent. of 
Initial Reference Value] 
(repeat as required) 
 
 
• 
Initial 
Reference 
Value: 
[●]/[Determined in accordance with the Value 
Determination Terms specified below]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
[OR] 
 
 
11 
Insert language where the Securities are Share Basket Securities, Index Basket Securities or ETF Basket Securities 
12 
Insert language where the Securities are Fund Basket Securities  
13 
Insert language where the Securities are Futures Contract Basket Securities

--- Page 516 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
516 
 
 
 
Basket Component 
Initial 
Reference 
Value 
[●] 
(repeat as required) 
[●]/[Determined 
in 
accordance 
with 
the 
Value 
Determination 
Terms specified below] 
(repeat as required) 
 
 
• 
Initial 
Reference 
Value 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(viii) 
Value Determination 
Terms for Initial 
Reference Value: 
 
(Section 4 of 
the Additional 
Conditions) 
[Not 
Applicable]/[Spot 
Value]/[Intraday 
Value]/[Opening Value]/[Closing Value]/[Commodity 
Specified Price]/[Max Lookback Value]/[Min Lookback 
Value]/[Floored Max Lookback Value]/[Floored Min 
Lookback 
Value]/[Capped 
Max 
Lookback 
Value]/[Capped 
Min 
Lookback 
Value]/[Average 
Value]/[Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value]/[Individually Capped Average Value]/[Globally 
Floored Average Value]/[Globally Capped Average 
Value] 
 
 
 
(if 
Not 
Applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs) 
 
 
• 
Initial 
Reference 
Value 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[⚫] 
 
 
• 
Reference 
Month: 
 
(specify if 
Securities are 
Inflation-
Linked 
Securities 
otherwise 
delete this 
provision) 
[⚫]

--- Page 517 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
517 
 
 
• 
Basic 
Value 
Determination 
Terms: 
 
(specify if Max 
Lookback 
Value/Min 
Lookback 
Value/Floored 
Max Lookback 
Value/Floored 
Min Lookback 
Value/Capped 
Max Lookback 
Value/Capped 
Min Lookback 
Value/Average 
Value/Individu
ally Floored 
Average 
Value/Individu
ally Capped 
Average 
Value/Globally 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Globally 
Capped 
Average Value 
is selected 
otherwise 
delete this 
provision) 
[Spot 
Value]/[Intraday 
Value]/[Opening 
Value]/[Closing Value]/[Commodity Specified Price] 
 
 
• 
Averaging 
Dates 
in 
relation 
to 
Strike Date: 
 
(specify if 
Average 
Value/Individu
ally Capped 
Average 
Value/Individu
ally Floored 
Average 
Value/Globally 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Globally 
Capped 
Average Value 
is selected, 
otherwise 
delete this 
provision) 
[⚫]

--- Page 518 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
518 
 
 
• 
Averaging Date 
Disruption: 
 
(For Equity-
Linked 
Securities or 
Futures-
Contract 
Linked 
Securities only, 
specify if 
Average 
Value/Individu
ally Capped 
Average 
Value/Individu
ally Floored 
Average 
Value/Globally 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Globally 
Capped 
Average Value 
is selected, 
otherwise (and 
if not an 
Equity-Linked 
Security or a 
Futures 
Contract-
Linked 
Security) delete 
this provision) 
[Omission]/[Postponement]/[Modified Postponement]

--- Page 519 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
519 
 
 
• 
Value 
Observation 
Dates in respect 
of Strike Date: 
 
(specify if Max 
Lookback 
Value/Min 
Lookback 
Value/Floored 
Max Lookback 
Value/Floored 
Min Lookback 
Value/Capped 
Max Lookback 
Value/Capped 
Min Lookback 
Value is 
selected, 
otherwise 
delete this 
provision) 
[⚫]/[Each [Common ]Scheduled Trading Day beginning 
on (and including) [date] and ending on (but excluding) 
[date]] [subject to adjustment in accordance with 
[Condition 9.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates and 
Averaging 
Dates)]14/[Condition 
13.1 
(Market 
Disruption, 
Reference 
Dates 
and 
Averaging 
Dates)]15/[Condition 
15.1 
(Market 
Disruption, 
Reference Dates and Averaging Dates)16] 
 
 
• 
Floor Value: 
 
(specify if 
Floored Max 
Lookback 
Value/Floored 
Min Lookback 
Value/Individu
ally Floored 
Average Value 
is selected, 
otherwise 
delete this 
provision)) 
[⚫] 
 
 
• 
Global 
Floor 
Value: 
 
(specify if 
Globally 
Floored 
Average Value 
is selected, 
otherwise 
delete this 
provision) 
[⚫] 
 
 
14 
Insert language where the Securities are Share Basket Securities, Index Basket Securities or ETF Basket Securities 
15 
Insert language where the Securities are Fund Basket Securities  
16 
Insert language where the Securities are Futures Contract Basket Securities

--- Page 520 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
520 
 
 
• 
Cap Value: 
 
(specify if 
Capped Max 
Lookback 
Value/Capped 
Min Lookback 
Value/Individu
ally Capped 
Average Value 
is selected, 
otherwise 
delete this 
provision) 
[⚫] 
 
 
• 
Global 
Cap 
Value: 
 
(specify if 
Globally 
Capped 
Average Value 
is selected, 
otherwise 
delete this 
provision) 
[⚫] 
 
 
(ix) 
Value Determination 
Terms for Final 
Reference Value 
(Coupon): 
 
(Section 
4 
of 
the 
Additional Conditions) 
[Not 
Applicable]/[Spot 
Value]/[Intraday 
Value]/[Opening Value]/[Closing Value]/[Commodity 
Specified Price]/[Max Lookback Value]/[Min Lookback 
Value]/[Floored Max Lookback Value]/[Floored Min 
Lookback 
Value]/[Capped 
Max 
Lookback 
Value]/[Capped 
Min 
Lookback 
Value]/[Average 
Value]/[Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value]/[Individually Capped Average Value]/[Globally 
Floored Average Value]/[Globally Capped Average 
Value] 
 
 
 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
 
• 
Reference 
Month: 
 
(specify 
if 
Securities 
are 
Inflation-
Linked 
Securities 
otherwise delete 
this provision) 
[⚫]

--- Page 521 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
521 
 
 
• 
Basic 
Value 
Determination 
Terms: 
 
(specify if Max 
Lookback 
Value/Min 
Lookback 
Value/Floored 
Max Lookback 
Value/Floored 
Min Lookback 
Value/Capped 
Max Lookback 
Value/Capped 
Min Lookback 
Value/Average 
Value/Individua
lly 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Individua
lly 
Capped 
Average 
Value/Globally 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Globally 
Capped 
Average Value 
is 
selected 
otherwise delete 
this provision) 
[Spot 
Value]/[Intraday 
Value]/[Opening 
Value]/[Closing Value]/[Commodity Specified Price] 
 
 
• 
Averaging 
Dates 
in 
relation to the 
relevant 
Interest 
Determination 
Date: 
 
(specify 
if 
Average 
Value/Individua
lly 
Capped 
Average 
Value/Individua
lly 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Globally 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Globally 
Capped 
Average Value 
is 
selected, 
otherwise delete 
this provision) 
[⚫] [in respect of the Interest Determination Date falling 
on [date]; 
[...] and 
[⚫] [in respect of the Interest Determination Date falling 
on [date]]

--- Page 522 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
522 
 
 
• 
Averaging 
Date 
Disruption: 
 
(For 
Equity-
Linked 
Securities 
or 
Futures-
Contract Linked 
Securities only, 
specify 
if 
Average 
Value/Individua
lly 
Capped 
Average 
Value/Individua
lly 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Globally 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Globally 
Capped 
Average Value 
is 
selected, 
otherwise (and 
if not an Equity-
Linked Security 
or a Futures 
Contract-
Linked 
Security) delete 
this provision) 
[Omission]/[Postponement]/[Modified Postponement]

--- Page 523 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
523 
 
 
• 
Value 
Observation 
Dates 
in 
respect 
of 
each Interest 
Determination 
Date: 
 
(specify if Max 
Lookback 
Value/Min 
Lookback 
Value/Floored 
Max Lookback 
Value/Floored 
Min Lookback 
Value/Capped 
Max Lookback 
Value/Capped 
Min Lookback 
Value 
is 
selected, 
otherwise delete 
this provision) 
[⚫]/[Each [Common ]Scheduled Trading Day beginning 
on (and including) [date] and ending on (but excluding) 
[date]] [in respect of the Interest Determination Date 
falling on [date]] [subject to adjustment in accordance 
with [Condition 9.1 (Market Disruption, Reference 
Dates and Averaging Dates)]17/[Condition 13.1 (Market 
Disruption, 
Reference 
Dates 
and 
Averaging 
Dates)]18/[Condition 
15.1 
(Market 
Disruption, 
Reference Dates and Averaging Dates)]19]; 
[…] and 
[⚫]/[Each [Common ]Scheduled Trading Day beginning 
on (and including) [date] and ending on (but excluding) 
[date]] [in respect of the Interest Determination Date 
falling on [date] [subject to adjustment in accordance 
with [Condition 9.1 (Market Disruption, Reference 
Dates and Averaging Dates)]20/[Condition 13.1 (Market 
Disruption, 
Reference 
Dates 
and 
Averaging 
Dates)]21/[Condition 
15.1 
(Market 
Disruption, 
Reference Dates and Averaging Dates)]22] 
 
 
 
• 
Floor Value: 
 
(specify 
if 
Floored 
Max 
Lookback 
Value/Floored 
Min Lookback 
Value/Individua
lly 
Floored 
Average Value 
is 
selected, 
otherwise delete 
this provision)) 
[⚫] 
 
 
• 
Global Floor 
Value: 
 
(specify 
if 
Globally 
Floored 
Average Value 
is 
selected, 
otherwise delete 
this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
 
17 
Insert language where the Securities are Share Basket Securities, Index Basket Securities or ETF Basket Securities 
18 
Insert language where the Securities are Fund Basket Securities  
19 
Insert language where the Securities are Futures Contract Basket Securities  
20 
Insert language where the Securities are Share Basket Securities, Index Basket Securities or ETF Basket Securities 
21 
Insert language where the Securities are Fund Basket Securities  
22 
Insert language where the Securities are Futures Contract Basket Securities

--- Page 524 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
524 
 
 
• 
Cap Value: 
 
(specify 
if 
Capped 
Max 
Lookback 
Value/Capped 
Min Lookback 
Value/Individua
lly 
Capped 
Average Value 
is 
selected, 
otherwise delete 
this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
 
• 
Global 
Cap 
Value: 
 
(specify 
if 
Globally 
Capped 
Average Value 
is 
selected, 
otherwise delete 
this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
 
(x) 
Value Determination 
Terms for Relevant 
Underlying Value: 
 
(Section 
4 
of 
the 
Additional Conditions) 
[Not 
Applicable]/[Spot 
Value]/[Intraday 
Value]/[Opening Value]/[Closing Value]/[Commodity 
Specified Price]/[Max Lookback Value]/[Min Lookback 
Value]/[Floored Max Lookback Value]/[Floored Min 
Lookback 
Value]/[Capped 
Max 
Lookback 
Value]/[Capped 
Min 
Lookback 
Value]/[Average 
Value]/[Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value]/[Individually Capped Average Value]/[Globally 
Floored Average Value]/[Globally Capped Average 
Value] 
 
 
 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
 
• 
Reference 
Month: 
 
(specify 
if 
Securities 
are 
Inflation-
Linked 
Securities 
otherwise delete 
this provision) 
[⚫]

--- Page 525 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
525 
 
 
• 
Basic 
Value 
Determination 
Terms: 
 
(specify if Max 
Lookback 
Value/Min 
Lookback 
Value/Floored 
Max Lookback 
Value/Floored 
Min Lookback 
Value/Capped 
Max Lookback 
Value/Capped 
Min Lookback 
Value/Average 
Value/Individua
lly 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Individua
lly 
Capped 
Average 
Value/Globally 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Globally 
Capped 
Average Value 
is 
selected 
otherwise delete 
this provision) 
[Spot 
Value]/[Intraday 
Value]/[Opening 
Value]/[Closing Value]/[Commodity Specified Price] 
 
 
• 
Averaging 
Dates 
in 
relation to the 
relevant date 
or period: 
 
(specify 
if 
Average 
Value/Individua
lly 
Capped 
Average 
Value/Individua
lly 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Globally 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Globally 
Capped 
Average Value 
is 
selected, 
otherwise delete 
this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
 
 
[OR]

--- Page 526 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
526 
 
 
 
[Interest 
Determination 
Date]/[Barrier 
Observation 
Date]/[Barrier 
Observation Period] 
Averaging Dates 
 
[⚫] 
(repeat as required) 
[⚫] 
(repeat as required) 
 
• 
Averaging 
Date 
Disruption: 
(For Equity-Linked 
Securities 
or 
Futures-Contract 
Linked 
Securities 
only, 
specify 
if 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Globally 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Globally 
Capped 
Average 
Value is selected, 
otherwise (and if 
not 
an 
Equity-
Linked Security or a 
Futures Contract-
Linked 
Security) 
delete 
this 
provision) 
[Omission]/[Postponement]/[Modified 
Postponement] 
 
 
• 
Value Observation 
Dates in respect of 
the relevant date or 
period: 
(specify 
if 
Max 
Lookback 
Value/Min 
Lookback 
Value/Floored Max 
Lookback 
Value/Floored Min 
Lookback 
Value/Capped Max 
Lookback 
Value/Capped Min 
Lookback Value is 
selected, otherwise 
[⚫]/[Each [Common ]Scheduled Trading Day 
beginning on (and including) [date] and ending on 
(but excluding) [date]] [subject to adjustment in 
accordance with [Condition 9.1 (Market Disruption, 
Reference 
Dates 
and 
Averaging 
Dates)]23/[Condition 13.1 (Market Disruption, 
Reference 
Dates 
and 
Averaging 
Dates)]24/[Condition 15.1 (Market Disruption, 
Reference Dates and Averaging Dates)]25] 
 
 
23 
Insert language where the Securities are Share Basket Securities, Index Basket Securities or ETF Basket Securities 
24 
Insert language where the Securities are Fund Basket Securities  
25 
Insert language where the Securities are Futures Contract Basket Securities

--- Page 527 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
527 
 
delete 
this 
provision) 
 
 
[OR] 
 
 
 
[Interest 
Determination 
Date]/[Barrier 
Observation 
Date]/[Barrier 
Observation 
Period] 
Value Observation Dates 
 
[⚫] 
(repeat as required) 
[⚫]/[Each 
[Common 
]Scheduled 
Trading 
Day 
beginning on (and including) 
[date] and ending on (but 
excluding) [date]] [subject 
to adjustment in accordance 
with [Condition 9.1 (Market 
Disruption, Reference Dates 
and 
Averaging 
Dates)]26/[Condition 
13.1 
(Market 
Disruption, 
Reference 
Dates 
and 
Averaging 
Dates)]27/[Condition 
15.1 
(Market 
Disruption, 
Reference 
Dates 
and 
Averaging Dates)]28] 
(repeat as required) 
 
• 
Floor Value: 
(specify if Floored 
Max 
Lookback 
Value/Floored Min 
Lookback 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value is selected, 
otherwise 
delete 
this provision)) 
[⚫] 
 
 
• 
Global 
Floor 
Value: 
(specify if Globally 
Floored 
Average 
Value is selected, 
otherwise 
delete 
this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
 
• 
Cap Value: 
[⚫] 
 
 
26 
Insert language where the Securities are Share Basket Securities, Index Basket Securities or ETF Basket Securities 
27 
Insert language where the Securities are Fund Basket Securities  
28 
Insert language where the Securities are Futures Contract Basket Securities

--- Page 528 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
528 
 
(specify if Capped 
Max 
Lookback 
Value/Capped Min 
Lookback 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value is selected, 
otherwise 
delete 
this provision) 
 
• 
Global Cap Value: 
(specify if Globally 
Capped 
Average 
Value is selected, 
otherwise 
delete 
this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
(C) 
Barrier Conditional Coupon: 
(Paragraph 1.16 of Section 2 of 
the Additional Conditions) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[⚫] (specify) [, adjusted in accordance with the Business 
Day Convention specified below]/[, not adjusted] 
 
 
(ii) 
Memory 
Barrier 
Conditional Coupon: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(iii) 
Interest 
Amount 
is 
payable if Knock-in 
Value as of:  
the [relevant Interest Determination Date]/[each Barrier 
Observation Date in respect of the relevant Interest 
Determination Date]/[any time during the Barrier 
Observation Period in respect of the relevant Interest 
Determination Date] is [greater than]/[greater than or 
equal to]/[equal to]/[less than or equal to]/[less than] the 
relevant Coupon Barrier Value 
(delete as appropriate) 
 
 
(iv) 
Knock-in Value: 
[[Worst Performance]/[Best Performance]/[Selected 
Worst 
of 
Performance]/[Selected 
Best 
of 
Performance]/[Relevant Underlying Performance] is 
applicable]/[is the Relevant Underlying Value] 
 
 
• 
"N": 
(specify if Selected Best of 
Performance or Selected Worst 
of Performance is applicable 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
 
(v) 
Coupon Rate: 
[[Not Applicable]/[⚫]/[100] per cent.]/[A percentage 
rate to be determined by the Determination Agent before 
the Issue Date and notified to the Securityholders not 
more than 15 Business Days thereafter by publication on 
[⚫] (insert website address), provided that such 
percentage rate shall be [not less than [⚫] per cent.] [and] 
[not greater than [⚫] per cent.]]

--- Page 529 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
529 
 
 
 
[OR] 
 
 
 
Interest 
Determination 
Date 
Coupon Rate 
 
 
[⚫]  
(repeat 
as 
required) 
[[Not Applicable]/[⚫]/[100] per 
cent.]/[A percentage rate to be 
determined by the Determination 
Agent before the Issue Date and 
notified to the Securityholders 
not more than 15 Business Days 
thereafter by publication on [⚫] 
(insert 
website 
address), 
provided that such percentage 
rate shall be [not less than [⚫] per 
cent.] [and] [not greater than [⚫] 
per cent.]] 
(repeat as required) 
 
                   Coupon Ratej: 
[[Not Applicable]/[⚫]/[100] per cent.]/[A percentage 
rate to be determined by the Determination Agent before 
the Issue Date and notified to the Securityholders not 
more than 15 Business Days thereafter by publication on 
[⚫] (insert website address), provided that such 
percentage rate shall be [not less than [⚫] per cent.] [and] 
[not greater than [⚫] per cent.]] 
 
 
 
[OR] 
 
 
 
Intere
st 
Deter
minati
on 
Date 
Coupon 
Ratej 
Upper 
Coupon 
Rate 
Lower 
Coupo
n Rate 
n 
 
 
 
[⚫]  
(repea
t 
as 
require
d) 
[[Not 
Applicab
le]/[⚫
]/[100] 
per 
cent.]/[A 
percenta
ge rate to 
be 
determin
ed by the 
Determi
nation 
Agent 
before 
the Issue 
Date and 
notified 
to 
the 
Security
holders 
not more 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫]  
[Insert this 
column if 
Memory 
Barrier 
Condition
al Coupon 
is 
applicable
]

--- Page 530 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
530 
 
than 15 
Business 
Days 
thereafte
r 
by 
publicati
on on [⚫] 
(insert 
website 
address), 
provided 
that such 
percenta
ge 
rate 
shall be 
[not less 
than [⚫] 
per cent.] 
[and] 
[not 
greater 
than [⚫] 
per 
cent.]] 
(repeat 
as 
required
) 
 
(vi) 
Coupon Barrier Value: 
[[⚫]/[⚫] per cent. of Initial Reference Value] 
 
 
 
[OR] 
 
 
 
Interest 
Determination 
Date 
Coupon Barrier Value 
 
In respect of the 
Interest 
Determination Date 
falling on [⚫] 
(repeat 
as 
required) 
[[⚫]/[⚫] per cent. of Initial 
Reference Value] 
(repeat as required) 
 
(vii) 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[⚫] 
 
 
(viii) 
Barrier 
Observation 
Date(s): 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
[OR] 
 
 
 
Interest 
Determination 
Date 
Barrier Observation Date

--- Page 531 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
531 
 
In respect of the 
Interest 
Determination Date 
falling on [⚫] 
(repeat 
as 
required) 
[⚫]  
(repeat as required) 
 
(ix) 
Barrier 
Observation 
Period: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
[OR] 
 
 
 
Interest 
Determination 
Date 
Barrier Observation Period 
 
[⚫]  
(repeat 
as 
required) 
[Barrier 
Observation 
Date]/[From [and including]/[but 
excluding] [Barrier Observation 
Period 
Start 
Date] 
to 
[but 
excluding]/[and 
including] 
[Barrier Observation Period End 
Date]]/[Each 
[Common 
]Scheduled 
Trading 
Day 
beginning on (and including) [⚫] 
and ending on (but excluding) [⚫
][subject 
to 
adjustment 
in 
accordance with [Condition 9.1 
(Market Disruption, Reference 
Dates 
and 
Averaging 
Dates)]29/[Condition 
13.1 
(Market Disruption, Reference 
Dates 
and 
Averaging 
Dates)]30/[Condition 
15.1 
(Market Disruption, Reference 
Dates and Averaging Dates) 31] 
(repeat as required) 
 
(x) 
Business Day 
Convention: 
[Following Business Day Convention]/ 
[Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/[Modified Business Day Convention]/ 
 
 
 
[Preceding Business Day Convention]/ 
 
 
 
[FRN Convention. The Specified Period is from (and 
including) [⚫] to (but excluding) [⚫] (repeat as 
required)]/Floating 
Rate 
Convention]/[Eurodollar 
Convention]/ 
 
 
 
[No Adjustment]/[Unadjusted] 
 
 
 
(delete as appropriate) 
 
 
29 
Insert language where the Securities are Share Basket Securities, Index Basket Securities or ETF Basket Securities 
30 
Insert language where the Securities are Fund Basket Securities  
31 
Insert language where the Securities are Futures Contract Basket Securities

--- Page 532 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
532 
 
 
(xi) 
Interest Payment 
Day(s): 
[Each of the [⚫] day of [month], [month] (repeat as 
required) in each calendar year from (and including) [⚫
] to (and including) [⚫]]/[[⚫] (specify dates) [, each] [, 
adjusted in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention specified below]/[, not adjusted]  
[[Scheduled Interest Payment Date [is]/[are]] [⚫]] 
 
 
(xii) 
Interest Specified 
Day(s): 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(if Not Applicable, delete the below) 
[*] [Business Day[s]]/[Clearing System Business 
Day[s]]/[calendar days]] 
 
 
(xiii) 
Reset Initial Reference 
Value: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(xiv) 
Initial Reference 
Value: 
[⚫]/[Determined in accordance with the Value 
Determination Terms specified below]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
[OR] 
 
 
 
Basket 
Component 
Initial Reference Value 
 
[⚫] 
(repeat 
as 
required) 
[⚫]/[Determined in accordance 
with the Value Determination 
Terms specified below] 
(repeat as required) 
 
• 
Initial 
Reference 
Value 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
• 
Reset Barrier 
Value: 
(specify 
if 
Reset 
Initial 
Reference Value is applicable 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫]/[[⚫] per cent of Relevant Underlying Value] 
 
 
• 
Reset Rate: 
(specify 
if 
Reset 
Initial 
Reference Value is applicable 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫]/[[⚫] per cent of Relevant Underlying Value] 
 
 
• 
Reset 
Observation 
Date: 
(specify 
if 
Reset 
Initial 
Reference Value is applicable 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
 
• 
Specified 
Percentage: 
[[⚫] per cent.]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 533 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
533 
 
 
(xv) 
Value Determination 
Terms for Initial 
Reference Value: 
(Section 
4 
of 
the 
Additional Conditions) 
[Not 
Applicable]/[Spot 
Value]/[Intraday 
Value]/[Opening Value]/[Closing Value]/[Commodity 
Specified Price]/[Max Lookback Value]/[Min Lookback 
Value]/[Floored Max Lookback Value]/[Floored Min 
Lookback 
Value]/[Capped 
Max 
Lookback 
Value]/[Capped 
Min 
Lookback 
Value]/[Average 
Value]/[Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value]/[Individually Capped Average Value]/[Globally 
Floored Average Value]/[Globally Capped Average 
Value] 
 
 
 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
 
• 
Initial 
Reference 
Value 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Reference 
Month: 
(specify 
if 
Securities 
are 
Inflation-Linked 
Securities 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
 
• Basic Value Determination 
Terms: 
(specify 
if 
Max 
Lookback 
Value/Min 
Lookback 
Value/Floored Max Lookback 
Value/Floored Min Lookback 
Value/Capped Max Lookback 
Value/Capped Min Lookback 
Value/Average 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value/Globally 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Globally 
Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected otherwise delete this 
provision) 
[Spot 
Value]/[Intraday 
Value]/[Opening 
Value]/[Closing Value]/[Commodity Specified Price] 
 
 
• 
Averaging 
Dates 
in 
relation 
to 
Strike Date: 
(specify 
if 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Globally 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Globally 
Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, otherwise delete this 
provision) 
[⚫]

--- Page 534 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
534 
 
 
• 
Averaging 
Date 
Disruption: 
(For Equity-Linked Securities or 
Futures-Contract 
Linked 
Securities 
only, 
specify 
if 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Globally 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Globally 
Capped 
Average Value is selected, 
otherwise (and if not an Equity-
Linked Security or a Futures 
Contract-Linked 
Security) 
delete this provision) 
[Omission]/[Postponement]/[Modified Postponement] 
 
 
• 
Value 
Observation 
Dates 
in 
respect 
of 
Strike Date: 
(specify 
if 
Max 
Lookback 
Value/Min 
Lookback 
Value/Floored Max Lookback 
Value/Floored Min Lookback 
Value/Capped Max Lookback 
Value/Capped Min Lookback 
Value is selected, otherwise 
delete this provision) 
[⚫]/[Each [Common ]Scheduled Trading Day beginning 
on (and including) [date] and ending on (but excluding) 
[date]] [subject to adjustment in accordance with 
[Condition 9.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates and 
Averaging 
Dates)]32/[Condition 
13.1 
(Market 
Disruption, 
Reference 
Dates 
and 
Averaging 
Dates)]33/[Condition 
15.1 
(Market 
Disruption, 
Reference Dates and Averaging Dates) 34] 
 
 
• 
Floor Value: 
(specify 
if 
Floored 
Max 
Lookback Value/Floored Min 
Lookback 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, otherwise delete this 
provision)) 
[⚫] 
 
 
• 
Global Floor 
Value: 
(specify if Globally Floored 
Average Value is selected, 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
 
32 
Insert language where the Securities are Share Basket Securities, Index Basket Securities or ETF Basket Securities 
33 
Insert language where the Securities are Fund Basket Securities  
34 
Insert language where the Securities are Futures Contract Basket Securities

--- Page 535 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
535 
 
 
• 
Cap Value: 
(specify 
if 
Capped 
Max 
Lookback Value/Capped Min 
Lookback 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, otherwise delete this 
provision) 
[⚫] 
 
 
• 
Global 
Cap 
Value: 
(specify if Globally Capped 
Average Value is selected, 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
 
(xvi) 
Value Determination 
Terms for Final 
Reference Value: 
(Section 
4 
of 
the 
Additional Conditions) 
[Not 
Applicable]/[Spot 
Value]/[Intraday 
Value]/[Opening Value]/[Closing Value]/[Commodity 
Specified Price]/[Max Lookback Value]/[Min Lookback 
Value]/[Floored Max Lookback Value]/[Floored Min 
Lookback 
Value]/[Capped 
Max 
Lookback 
Value]/[Capped 
Min 
Lookback 
Value]/[Average 
Value]/[Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value]/[Individually Capped Average Value]/[Globally 
Floored Average Value]/[Globally Capped Average 
Value] 
 
 
 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
 
• 
Reference 
Month: 
(specify 
if 
Securities 
are 
Inflation-Linked 
Securities 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
 
• 
Basic 
Value 
Determination 
Terms: 
(specify 
if 
Max 
Lookback 
Value/Min 
Lookback 
Value/Floored Max Lookback 
Value/Floored Min Lookback 
Value/Capped Max Lookback 
Value/Capped Min Lookback 
Value/Average 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value/Globally 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Globally 
Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected otherwise delete this 
provision) 
[Spot 
Value]/[Intraday 
Value]/[Opening 
Value]/[Closing Value]/[Commodity Specified Price]

--- Page 536 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
536 
 
 
• 
Averaging 
Dates 
in 
relation to the 
relevant 
Interest 
Determination 
Date: 
(specify 
if 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Globally 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Globally 
Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, otherwise delete this 
provision) 
[⚫] [in respect of the Interest Determination Date falling 
on [date]; 
[...] and 
[⚫] [in respect of the Interest Determination Date falling 
on [date]] 
 
 
• 
Averaging 
Date 
Disruption: 
(For Equity-Linked Securities 
only, 
specify 
if 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Globally 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Globally 
Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, otherwise (and if not 
an Equity-Linked Security or a 
Futures 
Contract-Linked 
Security) delete this provision) 
[Omission]/[Postponement]/[Modified Postponement]

--- Page 537 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
537 
 
 
• 
Value 
Observation 
Dates 
in 
respect 
of 
each Interest 
Determination 
Date: 
(specify 
if 
Max 
Lookback 
Value/Min 
Lookback 
Value/Floored Max Lookback 
Value/Floored Min Lookback 
Value/Capped Max Lookback 
Value/Capped Min Lookback 
Value is selected, otherwise 
delete this provision) 
[⚫]/[Each [Common ]Scheduled Trading Day beginning 
on (and including) [date] and ending on (but excluding) 
[date]] [in respect of the Interest Determination Date 
falling on [date]] [subject to adjustment in accordance 
with [Condition 9.1 (Market Disruption, Reference 
Dates and Averaging Dates)]35/[Condition 13.1 (Market 
Disruption, 
Reference 
Dates 
and 
Averaging 
Dates)]36/[Condition 
15.1 
(Market 
Disruption, 
Reference Dates and Averaging Dates)37]; 
[…] and 
[⚫]/[Each [Common ]Scheduled Trading Day beginning 
on (and including) [date] and ending on (but excluding) 
[date]] [in respect of the Interest Determination Date 
falling on [date] [subject to adjustment in accordance 
with [Condition 9.1 (Market Disruption, Reference 
Dates and Averaging Dates)]38/[Condition 13.1 (Market 
Disruption, 
Reference 
Dates 
and 
Averaging 
Dates)]39/[Condition 
15.1 
(Market 
Disruption, 
Reference Dates and Averaging Dates)40] 
 
 
• 
Floor Value: 
(specify 
if 
Floored 
Max 
Lookback Value/Floored Min 
Lookback 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, otherwise delete this 
provision)) 
[⚫] 
 
 
• 
Global Floor 
Value: 
(specify if Globally Floored 
Average Value is selected, 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
 
• 
Cap Value: 
(specify 
if 
Capped 
Max 
Lookback Value/Capped Min 
Lookback 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, otherwise delete this 
provision) 
[⚫] 
 
 
• 
Global 
Cap 
Value: 
(specify if Globally Capped 
Average Value is selected, 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
 
35 
Insert language where the Securities are Share Basket Securities, Index Basket Securities or ETF Basket Securities 
36 
Insert language where the Securities are Fund Basket Securities  
37 
Insert language where the Securities are Futures Contract Basket Securities  
38 
Insert language where the Securities are Share Basket Securities, Index Basket Securities or ETF Basket Securities 
39 
Insert language where the Securities are Fund Basket Securities  
40 
Insert language where the Securities are Futures Contract Basket Securities

--- Page 538 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
538 
 
 
(xvii) 
Value Determination 
Terms for Relevant 
Underlying Value: 
(Section 4 of the 
Additional Conditions) 
[Not 
Applicable]/[Spot 
Value]/[Intraday 
Value]/[Opening Value]/[Closing Value]/[Commodity 
Specified Price]/[Max Lookback Value]/[Min Lookback 
Value]/[Floored Max Lookback Value]/[Floored Min 
Lookback 
Value]/[Capped 
Max 
Lookback 
Value]/[Capped 
Min 
Lookback 
Value]/[Average 
Value]/[Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value]/[Individually Capped Average Value]/[Globally 
Floored Average Value]/[Globally Capped Average 
Value] 
 
 
 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
 
• 
Reference 
Month: 
(specify 
if 
Securities 
are 
Inflation-Linked 
Securities 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
 
• 
Basic 
Value 
Determination 
Terms: 
(specify 
if 
Max 
Lookback 
Value/Min 
Lookback 
Value/Floored Max Lookback 
Value/Floored Min Lookback 
Value/Capped Max Lookback 
Value/Capped Min Lookback 
Value/Average 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value/Globally 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Globally 
Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected otherwise delete this 
provision) 
[Spot 
Value]/[Intraday 
Value]/[Opening 
Value]/[Closing Value]/[Commodity Specified Price] 
 
 
• 
Averaging 
Dates 
in 
relation to the 
relevant date 
or period: 
(specify 
if 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Globally 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Globally 
Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, otherwise delete this 
provision) 
[⚫] 
 
 
 
[OR]

--- Page 539 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
539 
 
 
 
[Interest 
Determination 
Date]/[Barrier 
Observation 
Date]/[Barrier 
Observation 
Period] 
Averaging Dates 
 
[⚫] 
(repeat 
as 
required) 
[⚫] 
(repeat as required) 
 
• 
Averaging 
Date 
Disruption: 
(For Equity-Linked Securities or 
Futures-Contract 
Linked 
Securities 
only, 
specify 
if 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Globally 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Globally 
Capped 
Average Value is selected, 
otherwise (and if not an Equity-
Linked Security or a Futures 
Contract-Linked 
Security) 
delete this provision) 
[Omission]/[Postponement]/[Modified Postponement] 
 
 
• 
Value 
Observation 
Dates 
in 
respect of the 
relevant date 
or period: 
(specify 
if 
Max 
Lookback 
Value/Min 
Lookback 
Value/Floored Max Lookback 
Value/Floored Min Lookback 
Value/Capped Max Lookback 
Value/Capped Min Lookback 
Value is selected, otherwise 
delete this provision) 
[⚫]/[Each [Common ]Scheduled Trading Day beginning 
on (and including) [date] and ending on (but excluding) 
[date]] [subject to adjustment in accordance with 
[Condition 9.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates and 
Averaging 
Dates)]41/[Condition 
13.1 
(Market 
Disruption, 
Reference 
Dates 
and 
Averaging 
Dates)]42/[Condition 
15.1 
(Market 
Disruption, 
Reference Dates and Averaging Dates)43] 
 
 
 
[OR] 
 
 
41 
Insert language where the Securities are Share Basket Securities, Index Basket Securities or ETF Basket Securities 
42 
Insert language where the Securities are Fund Basket Securities  
43 
Insert language where the Securities are Futures Contract Basket Securities

--- Page 540 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
540 
 
 
 
[Interest 
Determination 
Date]/[Barrier 
Observation 
Date]/[Barrier 
Observation 
Period] 
Value Observation Dates 
 
[⚫] 
(repeat 
as 
required) 
[⚫]/[Each 
Scheduled 
Trading 
Day beginning on (and including) 
[date] 
and 
ending 
on 
(but 
excluding) [date]]  
(repeat as required) 
 
• 
Floor Value: 
(specify 
if 
Floored 
Max 
Lookback Value/Floored Min 
Lookback 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, otherwise delete this 
provision)) 
[⚫] 
 
 
• 
Global Floor 
Value: 
(specify if Globally Floored 
Average Value is selected, 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
 
• 
Cap Value: 
(specify 
if 
Capped 
Max 
Lookback Value/Capped Min 
Lookback 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, otherwise delete this 
provision) 
[⚫] 
 
 
• 
Global 
Cap 
Value: 
(specify if Globally Capped 
Average Value is selected, 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
(D) 
Memory 
Double 
Barrier 
Conditional Coupon: 
(Paragraph 1.17 of Section 2 of 
the Additional Conditions) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
  
 
 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
 
(i) 
Interest 
Payment 
Dates: 
[⚫] (specify) [, adjusted in accordance with the Business 
Day Convention specified below]/[, not adjusted]

--- Page 541 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
541 
 
 
(ii) 
Memory 
Double 
Barrier 
Conditional 
Coupon: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(iii) 
Interest 
Amount 
is 
payable if Knock-in 
Value as of:  
the [relevant Interest Determination Date]/[each Barrier 
Observation Date in respect of the relevant Interest 
Determination Date]/[any time during the Barrier 
Observation Period in respect of the relevant Interest 
Determination Date] is (A) [greater than]/[greater than 
or equal to] and (B) [less than]/[less than or equal to] the 
relevant Coupon Barrier Value 
(delete as appropriate) 
 
 
(iv) 
Knock-in Value: 
[[Worst Performance]/[Best Performance]/[Selected 
Worst 
of 
Performance]/[Selected 
Best 
of 
Performance]/[Relevant Underlying Performance] is 
applicable]/[is the Relevant Underlying Value] 
 
 
• 
"N": 
(specify if Selected Best of 
Performance or Selected Worst 
of Performance is applicable 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
 
(v) 
Coupon Rate: 
[[Not Applicable]/[⚫]/[100] per cent.]/[A percentage 
rate to be determined by the Determination Agent before 
the Issue Date and notified to the Securityholders not 
more than 15 Business Days thereafter by publication on 
[⚫] (insert website address), provided that such 
percentage rate shall be [not less than [⚫] per cent.] [and] 
[not greater than [⚫] per cent.]] 
 
 
 
[OR] 
 
 
 
Interest 
Determination Date 
Coupon Rate 
 
[⚫]  
(repeat as required) 
[[Not 
Applicable]/[⚫
]/[100] 
per 
cent.]/[A 
percentage 
rate 
to 
be 
determined 
by 
the 
Determination 
Agent 
before the Issue Date and 
notified 
to 
the 
Securityholders not more 
than 15 Business Days 
thereafter by publication on 
[⚫] 
(insert 
website 
address), 
provided 
that 
such percentage rate shall 
be [not less than [⚫] per 
cent.] [and] [not greater 
than [⚫] per cent.]] 
(repeat as required)

--- Page 542 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
542 
 
 
                           Coupon Ratej: 
[[Not Applicable]/[⚫]/[100] per cent.]/[A percentage 
rate to be determined by the Determination Agent before 
the Issue Date and notified to the Securityholders not 
more than 15 Business Days thereafter by publication on 
[⚫] (insert website address), provided that such 
percentage rate shall be [not less than [⚫] per cent.] [and] 
[not greater than [⚫] per cent.]] 
 
 
 
[OR] 
 
 
 
Interes
t 
Deter
minati
on 
Date 
Coupon Ratej 
Upp
er 
Cou
pon 
Rat
e 
Lowe
r 
Coup
on 
Rate 
n 
[⚫] 
(repeat 
as 
require
d) 
[[Not 
Applicable]/[⚫
]/[100] 
per 
cent.]/[A 
percentage rate 
to 
be 
determined by 
the 
Determination 
Agent 
before 
the Issue Date 
and notified to 
the 
Securityholders 
not more than 
15 
Business 
Days thereafter 
by publication 
on [⚫] (insert 
website 
address), 
provided 
that 
such percentage 
rate 
shall 
be 
[not less than [⚫
] 
per 
cent.] 
[and] 
[not 
greater than [⚫] 
per cent.]] 
(repeat 
as 
required) 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[Insert 
this 
column 
if 
Memor
y 
Double 
Barrier 
Conditi
onal 
Coupon 
is 
applica
ble] 
 
 
 
(vi) 
Coupon Barrier Value 
1: 
[[⚫]/[⚫] per cent. of Initial Reference Value] 
 
 
 
[OR]

--- Page 543 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
543 
 
 
 
Interest 
Determination Date 
Coupon 
Barrier 
Value 
In respect of the Interest 
Determination 
Date 
falling on [⚫] 
(repeat as required) 
[[⚫]/[⚫] per cent. of 
Initial 
Reference 
Value] 
(repeat as required) 
 
 
(vii) 
Coupon Barrier Value 
2: 
[[⚫]/[⚫] per cent. of Initial Reference Value] 
 
 
 
[OR] 
 
 
 
Interest 
Determination Date 
Coupon 
Barrier 
Value 
In respect of the Interest 
Determination 
Date 
falling on [⚫] 
(repeat as required) 
[[⚫]/[⚫] per cent. of 
Initial 
Reference 
Value] 
(repeat as required) 
 
 
(viii) 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[⚫] 
 
 
(ix) 
Barrier 
Observation 
Date(s): 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
[OR] 
 
 
 
Interest 
Determination Date 
Barrier Observation 
Date 
In respect of the Interest 
Determination 
Date 
falling on [⚫] 
(repeat as required) 
 
[⚫]  
(repeat as required) 
 
 
(x) 
Barrier 
Observation 
Period: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
[OR]

--- Page 544 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
544 
 
 
 
Interest 
Determination Date 
Barrier Observation 
Period 
[⚫] 
(repeat as required) 
[Barrier 
Observation 
Date]/[From 
[and 
including]/[but 
excluding] 
[Barrier 
Observation 
Period 
Start Date] to [but 
excluding]/[and 
including] 
[Barrier 
Observation 
Period 
End 
Date]]/[Each 
[Common ]Scheduled 
Trading Day beginning 
on (and including) [⚫] 
and ending on (but 
excluding) [⚫]][subject 
to 
adjustment 
in 
accordance 
with 
[Condition 9.1 (Market 
Disruption, Reference 
Dates and Averaging 
Dates)]44/[Condition 
13.1 
(Market 
Disruption, Reference 
Dates and Averaging 
Dates)]45/[Condition 
15.1 
(Market 
Disruption, Reference 
Dates and Averaging 
Dates)46] 
(repeat as required) 
 
 
(xi) 
Business 
Day 
Convention: 
[Following Business Day Convention]/ 
[Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/[Modified Business Day Convention]/ 
 
 
 
[Preceding Business Day Convention]/ 
 
 
 
[FRN Convention. The Specified Period is from (and 
including) [⚫] to (but excluding) [⚫] (repeat as 
required)]/Floating 
Rate 
Convention]/[Eurodollar 
Convention]/ 
 
 
 
[No Adjustment]/[Unadjusted] 
 
 
 
(delete as appropriate) 
 
 
(xii) 
Reset Initial Reference 
Value: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
44 
Insert language where the Securities are Share Basket Securities, Index Basket Securities or ETF Basket Securities 
45 
Insert language where the Securities are Fund Basket Securities  
46 
Insert language where the Securities are Futures Contract Basket Securities

--- Page 545 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
545 
 
 
(xiii) 
Initial 
Reference 
Value: 
[⚫]/[Determined in accordance with the Value 
Determination Terms specified below]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
[OR] 
 
 
 
Basket Component 
Initial 
Reference 
Value 
[⚫] 
(repeat as required) 
[⚫]/[Determined 
in 
accordance with the 
Value 
Determination 
Terms 
specified 
below] 
(repeat as required) 
 
 
• 
Initial 
Reference 
Value 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Reset Barrier 
Value: 
(specify 
if 
Reset 
Initial 
Reference Value is applicable 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫]/[[⚫] per cent of Relevant Underlying Value] 
 
 
• 
Reset Rate: 
(specify 
if 
Reset 
Initial 
Reference Value is applicable 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫]/[[⚫] per cent of Relevant Underlying Value] 
 
 
• 
Reset 
Observation 
Date: 
(specify 
if 
Reset 
Initial 
Reference Value is applicable 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
 
• 
Specified 
Percentage: 
[[⚫] per cent.]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(xiv) 
Value Determination 
Terms 
for 
Initial 
Reference 
Value: 
(Section 
4 
of 
the 
Additional Conditions) 
 
[Not 
Applicable]/[Spot 
Value]/[Intraday 
Value]/[Opening Value]/[Closing Value]/[Commodity 
Specified Price]/[Max Lookback Value]/[Min Lookback 
Value]/[Floored Max Lookback Value]/[Floored Min 
Lookback 
Value]/[Capped 
Max 
Lookback 
Value]/[Capped 
Min 
Lookback 
Value]/[Average 
Value]/[Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value]/[Individually Capped Average Value]/[Globally 
Floored Average Value]/[Globally Capped Average 
Value] 
 
 
 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph)

--- Page 546 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
546 
 
 
• 
Initial 
Reference 
Value 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Reference 
Month: 
(specify 
if 
Securities 
are 
Inflation-Linked 
Securities 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
 
• Basic Value Determination 
Terms: 
(specify 
if 
Max 
Lookback 
Value/Min 
Lookback 
Value/Floored Max Lookback 
Value/Floored Min Lookback 
Value/Capped Max Lookback 
Value/Capped Min Lookback 
Value/Average 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value/Globally 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Globally 
Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected otherwise delete this 
provision) 
[Spot 
Value]/[Intraday 
Value]/[Opening 
Value]/[Closing Value]/[Commodity Specified Price] 
 
 
• 
Averaging 
Dates 
in 
relation 
to 
Strike Date: 
(specify 
if 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Globally 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Globally 
Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, otherwise delete this 
provision) 
[⚫]

--- Page 547 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
547 
 
 
• 
Averaging 
Date 
Disruption: 
(For Equity-Linked Securities or 
Futures-Contract 
Linked 
Securities 
only, 
specify 
if 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Globally 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Globally 
Capped 
Average Value is selected, 
otherwise (and if not an Equity-
Linked Security or a Futures 
Contract-Linked 
Security) 
delete this provision) 
[Omission]/[Postponement]/[Modified Postponement] 
 
 
• 
Value 
Observation 
Dates 
in 
respect 
of 
Strike Date: 
(specify 
if 
Max 
Lookback 
Value/Min 
Lookback 
Value/Floored Max Lookback 
Value/Floored Min Lookback 
Value/Capped Max Lookback 
Value/Capped Min Lookback 
Value is selected, otherwise 
delete this provision) 
[⚫]/[Each [Common ]Scheduled Trading Day beginning 
on (and including) [date] and ending on (but excluding) 
[date]] [subject to adjustment in accordance with 
[Condition 9.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates and 
Averaging 
Dates)]47/[Condition 
13.1 
(Market 
Disruption, 
Reference 
Dates 
and 
Averaging 
Dates)]48/[Condition 
15.1 
(Market 
Disruption, 
Reference Dates and Averaging Dates)49] 
 
 
• 
Floor Value: 
(specify 
if 
Floored 
Max 
Lookback Value/Floored Min 
Lookback 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, otherwise delete this 
provision)) 
[⚫] 
 
 
• 
Global Floor 
Value: 
(specify if Globally Floored 
Average Value is selected, 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
 
47 
Insert language where the Securities are Share Basket Securities, Index Basket Securities or ETF Basket Securities 
48 
Insert language where the Securities are Fund Basket Securities  
49 
Insert language where the Securities are Futures Contract Basket Securities

--- Page 548 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
548 
 
 
• 
Cap Value: 
(specify 
if 
Capped 
Max 
Lookback Value/Capped Min 
Lookback 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, otherwise delete this 
provision) 
[⚫] 
 
 
• 
Global 
Cap 
Value: 
(specify if Globally Capped 
Average Value is selected, 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
 
(xv) 
Value Determination 
Terms 
for 
Final 
Reference 
Value: 
(Section 
4 
of 
the 
Additional Conditions) 
[Not 
Applicable]/[Spot 
Value]/[Intraday 
Value]/[Opening Value]/[Closing Value]/[Commodity 
Specified Price]/[Max Lookback Value]/[Min Lookback 
Value]/[Floored Max Lookback Value]/[Floored Min 
Lookback 
Value]/[Capped 
Max 
Lookback 
Value]/[Capped 
Min 
Lookback 
Value]/[Average 
Value]/[Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value]/[Individually Capped Average Value]/[Globally 
Floored Average Value]/[Globally Capped Average 
Value] 
 
 
 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
 
• 
Reference 
Month: 
(specify 
if 
Securities 
are 
Inflation-Linked 
Securities 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
 
• 
Basic 
Value 
Determination 
Terms: 
(specify 
if 
Max 
Lookback 
Value/Min 
Lookback 
Value/Floored Max Lookback 
Value/Floored Min Lookback 
Value/Capped Max Lookback 
Value/Capped Min Lookback 
Value/Average 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value/Globally 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Globally 
Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected otherwise delete this 
provision) 
[Spot 
Value]/[Intraday 
Value]/[Opening 
Value]/[Closing Value]/[Commodity Specified Price]

--- Page 549 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
549 
 
 
• 
Averaging 
Dates 
in 
relation to the 
relevant 
Interest 
Determination 
Date: 
(specify 
if 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Globally 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Globally 
Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, otherwise delete this 
provision) 
[⚫] [in respect of the Interest Determination Date falling 
on [date]; 
[...] and 
[⚫] [in respect of the Interest Determination Date falling 
on [date]] 
 
 
• 
Averaging 
Date 
Disruption: 
(For Equity-Linked Securities or 
Futures-Contract 
Linked 
Securities 
only, 
specify 
if 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Globally 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Globally 
Capped 
Average Value is selected, 
otherwise (and if not an Equity-
Linked Security or a Futures 
Contract-Linked 
Security) 
delete this provision) 
[Omission]/[Postponement]/[Modified Postponement]

--- Page 550 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
550 
 
 
• 
Value 
Observation 
Dates 
in 
respect 
of 
each Interest 
Determination 
Date: 
(specify 
if 
Max 
Lookback 
Value/Min 
Lookback 
Value/Floored Max Lookback 
Value/Floored Min Lookback 
Value/Capped Max Lookback 
Value/Capped Min Lookback 
Value is selected, otherwise 
delete this provision) 
[⚫]/[Each [Common ]Scheduled Trading Day beginning 
on (and including) [date] and ending on (but excluding) 
[date]] [in respect of the Interest Determination Date 
falling on [date]] [subject to adjustment in accordance 
with [Condition 9.1 (Market Disruption, Reference 
Dates and Averaging Dates)]50/[Condition 13.1 (Market 
Disruption, 
Reference 
Dates 
and 
Averaging 
Dates)]51/[Condition 
15.1 
(Market 
Disruption, 
Reference Dates and Averaging Dates)52]; 
[…] and 
[⚫]/[Each [Common ]Scheduled Trading Day beginning 
on (and including) [date] and ending on (but excluding) 
[date]] [in respect of the Interest Determination Date 
falling on [date] [subject to adjustment in accordance 
with [Condition 9.1 (Market Disruption, Reference 
Dates and Averaging Dates)]53/[Condition 13.1 (Market 
Disruption, 
Reference 
Dates 
and 
Averaging 
Dates)]54/[Condition 
15.1 
(Market 
Disruption, 
Reference Dates and Averaging Dates)55] 
 
 
• 
Floor Value: 
(specify 
if 
Floored 
Max 
Lookback Value/Floored Min 
Lookback 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, otherwise delete this 
provision)) 
[⚫] 
 
 
• 
Global Floor 
Value: 
(specify if Globally Floored 
Average Value is selected, 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
 
• 
Cap Value: 
(specify 
if 
Capped 
Max 
Lookback Value/Capped Min 
Lookback 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, otherwise delete this 
provision) 
[⚫] 
 
 
• 
Global 
Cap 
Value: 
(specify if Globally Capped 
Average Value is selected, 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
 
50 
Insert language where the Securities are Share Basket Securities, Index Basket Securities or ETF Basket Securities 
51 
Insert language where the Securities are Fund Basket Securities  
52 
Insert language where the Securities are Futures Contract Basket Securities  
53 
Insert language where the Securities are Share Basket Securities, Index Basket Securities or ETF Basket Securities 
54 
Insert language where the Securities are Fund Basket Securities  
55 
Insert language where the Securities are Futures Contract Basket Securities

--- Page 551 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
551 
 
 
(xvi) 
Value Determination 
Terms for Relevant 
Underlying Value: 
(Section 4 of the 
Additional Conditions) 
[Not 
Applicable]/[Spot 
Value]/[Intraday 
Value]/[Opening Value]/[Closing Value]/[Commodity 
Specified Price]/[Max Lookback Value]/[Min Lookback 
Value]/[Floored Max Lookback Value]/[Floored Min 
Lookback 
Value]/[Capped 
Max 
Lookback 
Value]/[Capped 
Min 
Lookback 
Value]/[Average 
Value]/[Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value]/[Individually Capped Average Value]/[Globally 
Floored Average Value]/[Globally Capped Average 
Value] 
 
 
 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
 
• 
Reference 
Month: 
(specify 
if 
Securities 
are 
Inflation-Linked 
Securities 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
 
Basic 
Value 
Determination 
Terms: 
(specify 
if 
Max 
Lookback 
Value/Min 
Lookback 
Value/Floored Max Lookback 
Value/Floored Min Lookback 
Value/Capped Max Lookback 
Value/Capped Min Lookback 
Value/Average 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value/Globally 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Globally 
Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected otherwise delete this 
provision) 
[Spot 
Value]/[Intraday 
Value]/[Opening 
Value]/[Closing Value]/[Commodity Specified Price] 
 
 
Averaging Dates in relation to 
the relevant date or period: 
(specify 
if 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Globally 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Globally 
Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, otherwise delete this 
provision) 
[⚫] 
 
 
 
[OR]

--- Page 552 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
552 
 
 
 
[Interest 
Determination 
Date]/[Barrier 
Observation 
Date]/[Barrier 
Observation Period] 
Averaging Dates 
[⚫] 
(repeat as required) 
[⚫] 
(repeat as required) 
 
 
Averaging Date Disruption: 
(For Equity-Linked Securities or 
Futures-Contract 
Linked 
Securities 
only, 
specify 
if 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Globally 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Globally 
Capped 
Average Value is selected, 
otherwise (and if not an Equity-
Linked Security or a Futures 
Contract-Linked 
Security) 
delete this provision) 
[Omission]/[Postponement]/[Modified Postponement] 
 
 
Value Observation Dates in 
respect of the relevant date or 
period: 
(specify 
if 
Max 
Lookback 
Value/Min 
Lookback 
Value/Floored Max Lookback 
Value/Floored Min Lookback 
Value/Capped Max Lookback 
Value/Capped Min Lookback 
Value is selected, otherwise 
delete this provision) 
[⚫]/[Each Scheduled Trading Day beginning on (and 
including) [date] and ending on (but excluding) [date]] 
 
 
 
[OR] 
 
 
 
[Interest 
Determination 
Date]/[Barrier 
Observation 
Date]/[Barrier 
Observation Period] 
Value 
Observation 
Dates 
[⚫] 
(repeat as required) 
[⚫]/[Each 
Scheduled 
Trading Day beginning 
on 
(and 
including) 
[date] and ending on 
(but excluding) [date]]  
(repeat as required)

--- Page 553 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
553 
 
 
• 
Floor Value: 
(specify 
if 
Floored 
Max 
Lookback Value/Floored Min 
Lookback 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, otherwise delete this 
provision)) 
[⚫] 
 
 
• 
Global Floor 
Value: 
(specify if Globally Floored 
Average Value 
is selected, 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
 
• 
Cap Value: 
(specify 
if 
Capped 
Max 
Lookback Value/Capped Min 
Lookback 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, otherwise delete this 
provision) 
[⚫] 
 
 
• 
Global 
Cap 
Value: 
(specify if Globally Capped 
Average Value is selected, 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
(E) 
Dual 
Barrier 
Conditional 
Coupon 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Paragraph 1.18 of Section 2 of 
the Additional Conditions) 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
 
(i) 
If the Knock-in Value 
as of: 
the [relevant Interest Determination Date]/[each Barrier 
Observation Date in respect of the relevant Interest 
Determination Date]/[any time during the Barrier 
Observation Period in respect of the relevant Interest 
Determination Date] [greater than]/[greater than or 
equal to]/[less than]/[less than or equal to] the relevant 
Upper Coupon Barrier Value, Coupon Amount is 
payable in accordance with Paragraph 1.18(a) of Section 
2 of the Additional Conditions. 
(delete as appropriate) 
 
 
(ii) 
If (i) is not applicable, 
and if the Knock-in 
Value as of: 
the [relevant Interest Determination Date]/[each Barrier 
Observation Date in respect of the relevant Interest 
Determination Date]/[any time during the Barrier 
Observation Period in respect of the relevant Interest 
Determination Date] [greater than]/[greater than or 
equal to]/[less than]/[less than or equal to] the relevant 
Lower Coupon Barrier Value, Coupon Amount is 
payable in accordance with Paragraph 1.18(b) of Section 
2 of the Additional Conditions 
(delete as appropriate)

--- Page 554 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
554 
 
 
(iii) 
Knock-in Value: 
[[Worst Performance]/[Best Performance]/[Selected 
Worst 
of 
Performance]/[Selected 
Best 
of 
Performance]/[Relevant Underlying Performance] is 
applicable]/[is the Relevant Underlying Value] [and "N" 
is equal to [⚫]] 
 
 
(iv) 
Upper Coupon Barrier 
Value: 
[[⚫]/[⚫] per cent. of Initial Reference Value] 
 
 
 
[OR] 
 
 
 
Interest 
Determination 
Date 
Upper Coupon Barrier Value 
 
In respect of the 
Interest 
Determination 
Date 
falling 
on  
[date] 
(repeat 
as 
required) 
[[⚫]/[⚫] per cent. of Initial 
Reference Value] 
(repeat as required) 
 
(v) 
Lower Coupon Barrier 
Value: 
[[⚫]/[⚫] per cent. of Initial Reference Value] 
 
 
 
[OR] 
 
 
 
Interest 
Determination 
Date 
Lower Coupon Barrier Value 
 
In respect of the 
Interest 
Determination 
Date 
falling 
on  
[date] 
(repeat 
as 
required) 
[[⚫]/[⚫] per cent. of Initial 
Reference Value] 
(repeat as required) 
 
(vi) 
Upper Coupon Rate: 
[[⚫]/[100] per cent.]/[A percentage rate to be 
determined by the Determination Agent before the 
Issue Date and notified to the Securityholders not 
more than 15 Business Days thereafter by publication 
on [⚫] (insert website address), provided that such 
percentage rate shall be [not less than [⚫] per cent.] 
[and] [not greater than [⚫] per cent.]] 
 
 
 
[OR] 
 
 
 
Interest 
Determination 
Date 
Upper Coupon Rate 
 
In respect of 
the 
Interest 
Determination 
[[Not Applicable]/[⚫]/[100] per 
cent.]/[A percentage rate to be 
determined by the Determination 
Agent before the Issue Date and

--- Page 555 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
555 
 
Date falling on  
[date] 
(repeat 
as 
required) 
notified to the Securityholders not 
more than 15 Business Days 
thereafter by publication on [⚫] 
(insert website address), provided 
that such percentage rate shall be 
[not less than [⚫] per cent.] [and] 
[not greater than [⚫] per cent.]] 
(repeat as required) 
 
(vii) 
Lower Coupon Rate: 
[[⚫]/[100] per cent.]/[A percentage rate to be 
determined by the Determination Agent before the 
Issue Date and notified to the Securityholders not 
more than 15 Business Days thereafter by publication 
on [⚫] (insert website address), provided that such 
percentage rate shall be [not less than [⚫] per cent.] 
[and] [not greater than [⚫] per cent.]] 
 
 
 
[OR] 
 
 
 
Interest 
Determinatio
n Date 
Lower Coupon Rate 
 
In respect of 
the 
Interest 
Determination 
Date falling on  
[date] 
(repeat 
as 
required) 
[[Not 
Applicable]/[⚫]/[100] 
per 
cent.]/[A percentage rate to be 
determined by the Determination 
Agent before the Issue Date and 
notified to the Securityholders not 
more than 15 Business Days 
thereafter by publication on [⚫] 
(insert website address), provided 
that such percentage rate shall be 
[not less than [⚫] per cent.] [and] 
[not greater than [⚫] per cent.]] 
(repeat as required) 
 
(viii) 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[⚫] 
 
 
(ix) 
Interest Payment 
Date(s): 
[Each of the [⚫] day of [month], [month] (repeat as 
required) in each calendar year from (and including) 
[⚫] to (and including) [⚫]]/[[⚫] (specify dates) [, each] 
[, adjusted in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention specified below]/[, not adjusted]  
[[Scheduled Interest Payment Date [is]/[are]] [⚫]] 
 
 
(x) 
Interest Specified 
Day(s): 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(if Not Applicable, delete the below) 
[⚫] [Business Day[s]]/[Clearing System Business 
Day[s]]/[calendar days]] 
 
 
(xi) 
Business Day 
Convention: 
[Following Business Day Convention]/ 
[Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/[Modified Business Day Convention]/ 
 
 
 
[Preceding Business Day Convention]/

--- Page 556 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
556 
 
 
 
[FRN Convention. The Specified Period is from (and 
including) [⚫] to (but excluding) [⚫] (repeat as 
required)]/Floating Rate Convention]/[Eurodollar 
Convention]/ 
 
 
 
[No Adjustment]/[Unadjusted] 
 
 
 
 (delete as appropriate) 
 
 
(xii) 
Initial Reference Value: 
[⚫]/[Determined in accordance with the Value 
Determination 
Terms 
specified 
below]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
 
Basket 
Component 
Initial Reference Value 
 
[⚫] 
(repeat 
as 
required) 
[⚫]/[Determined in accordance with 
the Value Determination Terms 
specified below] 
(repeat as required) 
 
• 
Initial 
Reference 
Value 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Specified 
Percentage: 
[[⚫] per cent.]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(xiii) 
Value Determination 
Terms for Initial 
Reference Value: 
 
(Section 4 of the 
Additional Conditions) 
[Not 
Applicable]/[Spot 
Value]/[Intraday 
Value]/[Opening 
Value]/[Closing 
Value]/[Commodity Specified Price]/[Max Lookback 
Value]/[Min 
Lookback 
Value]/[Floored 
Max 
Lookback 
Value]/[Floored 
Min 
Lookback 
Value]/[Capped Max Lookback Value]/[Capped Min 
Lookback 
Value]/[Average 
Value]/[Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value]/[Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value]/[Globally 
Floored 
Average 
Value]/[Globally Capped Average Value]  
 
 
 
(if 
Not 
Applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
• 
Initial 
Reference 
Value 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Reference 
Month: 
(specify if Securities are Inflation-
Linked 
Securities 
otherwise 
delete this provision) 
[⚫]

--- Page 557 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
557 
 
 
• 
Basic 
Value 
Determination 
Terms: 
(specify 
if 
Max 
Lookback 
Value/Min 
Lookback 
Value/Floored Max Lookback 
Value/Floored 
Min 
Lookback 
Value/Capped 
Max 
Lookback 
Value/Capped 
Min 
Lookback 
Value/Average 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Capped Average Value/Globally 
Floored Average Value/Globally 
Capped Average Value is selected 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[Spot 
Value]/[Intraday 
Value]/[Opening 
Value]/[Closing Value]/[Commodity Specified Price] 
 
 
• 
Averaging 
Dates 
in 
relation 
to 
Strike Date: 
(specify 
if 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Floored Average Value/Globally 
Floored Average Value/Globally 
Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, otherwise delete this 
provision) 
[⚫] 
 
 
• 
Averaging Date 
Disruption: 
(For Equity-Linked Securities or 
Futures-Contract 
Linked 
Securities only, specify if Average 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Floored Average Value/Globally 
Floored Average Value/Globally 
Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, otherwise (and if not an 
Equity-Linked 
Security 
or 
a 
Futures 
Contract-Linked 
Security) delete this provision) 
[Omission]/[Postponement]/[Modified 
Postponement] 
 
 
• 
Value 
Observation 
Dates in respect 
of Strike Date: 
(specify 
if 
Max 
Lookback 
Value/Min 
Lookback 
Value/Floored Max Lookback 
Value/Floored 
Min 
Lookback 
Value/Capped 
Max 
Lookback 
[⚫]/[Each 
[Common ]Scheduled Trading Day 
beginning on (and including) [date] and ending on 
(but excluding) [date]] [subject to adjustment in 
accordance with [Condition 9.1 (Market Disruption, 
Reference Dates and Averaging Dates)]56/[Condition 
13.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates and 
Averaging 
Dates)]57/[Condition 
15.1 
(Market 
 
 
56 
Insert language where the Securities are Share Basket Securities, Index Basket Securities or ETF Basket Securities 
57 
Insert language where the Securities are Fund Basket Securities

--- Page 558 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
558 
 
Value/Capped 
Min 
Lookback 
Value is selected, otherwise delete 
this provision) 
Disruption, 
Reference 
Dates 
and 
Averaging 
Dates)]58] 
 
• 
Floor Value: 
(specify if Floored Max Lookback 
Value/Floored 
Min 
Lookback 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, 
otherwise delete this provision)) 
[⚫] 
 
 
• 
Global 
Floor 
Value: 
(specify if Globally Floored 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
 
• 
Cap Value: 
(specify if Capped Max Lookback 
Value/Capped 
Min 
Lookback 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
 
• 
Global 
Cap 
Value: 
(specify 
if 
Globally 
Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
 
(xiv) 
Value Determination 
Terms for Final 
Reference Value 
(Coupon): 
 
(Section 4 of the 
Additional Conditions) 
[Not 
Applicable]/[Spot 
Value]/[Intraday 
Value]/[Opening 
Value]/[Closing 
Value]/[Commodity Specified Price]/[Max Lookback 
Value]/[Min 
Lookback 
Value]/[Floored 
Max 
Lookback 
Value]/[Floored 
Min 
Lookback 
Value]/[Capped Max Lookback Value]/[Capped Min 
Lookback 
Value]/[Average 
Value]/[Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value]/[Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value]/[Globally 
Floored 
Average 
Value]/[Globally Capped Average Value] 
 
 
 
(if 
Not 
Applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
• 
Reference 
Month: 
(specify if Securities are Inflation-
Linked 
Securities 
otherwise 
delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
 
• 
Basic 
Value 
Determination 
Terms: 
[Spot 
Value]/[Intraday 
Value]/[Opening 
Value]/[Closing Value]/[Commodity Specified Price] 
 
 
58 
Insert language where the Securities are Futures Contract Basket Securities

--- Page 559 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
559 
 
(specify 
if 
Max 
Lookback 
Value/Min 
Lookback 
Value/Floored Max Lookback 
Value/Floored 
Min 
Lookback 
Value/Capped 
Max 
Lookback 
Value/Capped 
Min 
Lookback 
Value/Average 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Capped Average Value/Globally 
Floored Average Value/Globally 
Capped Average Value is selected 
otherwise delete this provision) 
 
• 
Averaging 
Dates 
in 
relation to the 
relevant Interest 
Determination 
Date: 
(specify 
if 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Floored Average Value/Globally 
Floored Average Value/Globally 
Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, otherwise delete this 
provision) 
[⚫] [in respect of the Interest Determination Date 
falling on [date]; 
[...] and 
[⚫] [in respect of the Interest Determination Date 
falling on [date]] 
 
 
• 
Averaging Date 
Disruption: 
(For Equity-Linked Securities or 
Futures-Contract 
Linked 
Securities only, specify if Average 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Floored Average Value/Globally 
Floored Average Value/Globally 
Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, otherwise (and if not an 
Equity-Linked 
Security 
or 
a 
Futures 
Contract-Linked 
Security) delete this provision) 
[Omission]/[Postponement]/[Modified 
Postponement] 
 
 
• 
Value 
Observation 
Dates in respect 
of each Interest 
Determination 
Date: 
(specify 
if 
Max 
Lookback 
Value/Min 
Lookback 
Value/Floored Max Lookback 
Value/Floored 
Min 
Lookback 
Value/Capped 
Max 
Lookback 
[⚫]/[Each 
[Common ]Scheduled Trading Day 
beginning on (and including) [date] and ending on 
(but excluding) [date]] [in respect of the Interest 
Determination Date falling on [date]] [subject to 
adjustment in accordance with [Condition 9.1 (Market 
Disruption, 
Reference 
Dates 
and 
Averaging 
Dates)]59/[Condition 
13.1 
(Market 
Disruption, 
Reference Dates and Averaging Dates)]60/[Condition 
 
 
59 
Insert language where the Securities are Share Basket Securities, Index Basket Securities or ETF Basket Securities 
60 
Insert language where the Securities are Fund Basket Securities

--- Page 560 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
560 
 
Value/Capped 
Min 
Lookback 
Value is selected, otherwise delete 
this provision) 
15.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates and 
Averaging Dates)]61]; 
[…] and 
[⚫]/[Each 
[Common ]Scheduled Trading Day 
beginning on (and including) [date] and ending on 
(but excluding) [date]] [in respect of the Interest 
Determination Date falling on [date] [subject to 
adjustment in accordance with [Condition 9.1 (Market 
Disruption, 
Reference 
Dates 
and 
Averaging 
Dates)]62/[Condition 
13.1 
(Market 
Disruption, 
Reference Dates and Averaging Dates)]63/[Condition 
15.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates and 
Averaging Dates)]64] 
 
 
• 
Floor Value: 
(specify if Floored Max Lookback 
Value/Floored 
Min 
Lookback 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, 
otherwise delete this provision)) 
[⚫] 
 
 
• 
Global 
Floor 
Value: 
(specify 
if Globally Floored 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
 
• 
Cap Value: 
(specify if Capped Max Lookback 
Value/Capped 
Min 
Lookback 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
 
• 
Global 
Cap 
Value: 
(specify 
if 
Globally 
Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
 
(xv) 
Value Determination 
Terms for Relevant 
Underlying Value: 
 
(Section 4 of the 
Additional Conditions) 
[Not 
Applicable]/[Spot 
Value]/[Intraday 
Value]/[Opening 
Value]/[Closing 
Value]/[Commodity Specified Price]/[Max Lookback 
Value]/[Min 
Lookback 
Value]/[Floored 
Max 
Lookback 
Value]/[Floored 
Min 
Lookback 
Value]/[Capped Max Lookback Value]/[Capped Min 
Lookback 
Value]/[Average 
Value]/[Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value]/[Individually 
Capped 
 
 
61 
Insert language where the Securities are Futures Contract Basket Securities  
62 
Insert language where the Securities are Share Basket Securities, Index Basket Securities or ETF Basket Securities 
63 
Insert language where the Securities are Fund Basket Securities  
64 
Insert language where the Securities are Futures Contract Basket Securities

--- Page 561 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
561 
 
Average 
Value]/[Globally 
Floored 
Average 
Value]/[Globally Capped Average Value] 
 
 
(if 
Not 
Applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
• 
Reference 
Month: 
(specify if Securities are Inflation-
Linked 
Securities 
otherwise 
delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
 
• 
Basic 
Value 
Determination 
Terms: 
(specify 
if 
Max 
Lookback 
Value/Min 
Lookback 
Value/Floored Max Lookback 
Value/Floored 
Min 
Lookback 
Value/Capped 
Max 
Lookback 
Value/Capped 
Min 
Lookback 
Value/Average 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Capped Average Value/Globally 
Floored Average Value/Globally 
Capped Average Value is selected 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[Spot 
Value]/[Intraday 
Value]/[Opening 
Value]/[Closing Value]/[Commodity Specified Price] 
 
 
• 
Averaging 
Dates 
in 
relation to the 
relevant date or 
period: 
(specify 
if 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Floored Average Value/Globally 
Floored Average Value/Globally 
Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, otherwise delete this 
provision) 
[⚫] 
 
 
 
[OR] 
 
 
 
[Interest 
Determination 
Date]/[Barrier 
Observation 
Date]/[Barrier 
Observation 
Period] 
Averaging Dates 
 
[⚫] 
(repeat 
as 
required) 
[⚫] 
(repeat as required)

--- Page 562 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
562 
 
 
• 
Averaging Date 
Disruption: 
(For Equity-Linked Securities or 
Futures-Contract 
Linked 
Securities only, specify if Average 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Floored Average Value/Globally 
Floored Average Value/Globally 
Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, otherwise (and if not an 
Equity-Linked 
Security 
or 
a 
Futures 
Contract-Linked 
Security) delete this provision) 
[Omission]/[Postponement]/[Modified 
Postponement] 
 
 
• 
Value 
Observation 
Dates in respect 
of the relevant 
date or period: 
(specify 
if 
Max 
Lookback 
Value/Min 
Lookback 
Value/Floored Max Lookback 
Value/Floored 
Min 
Lookback 
Value/Capped 
Max 
Lookback 
Value/Capped 
Min 
Lookback 
Value is selected, otherwise delete 
this provision) 
[⚫]/[Each 
[Common ]Scheduled Trading Day 
beginning on (and including) [date] and ending on 
(but excluding) [date]] [subject to adjustment in 
accordance with [Condition 9.1 (Market Disruption, 
Reference Dates and Averaging Dates)]65/[Condition 
13.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates and 
Averaging 
Dates)]66/[Condition 
15.1 
(Market 
Disruption, 
Reference 
Dates 
and 
Averaging 
Dates)]67] 
 
 
 
[OR] 
 
 
 
[Interest 
Determination 
Date]/[Barrier 
Observation 
Date]/[Barrier 
Observation 
Period] 
Value Observation Dates 
 
[⚫] 
(repeat 
as 
required) 
[⚫]/[Each [Common ]Scheduled 
Trading Day beginning on (and 
including) [date] and ending on 
(but excluding) [date]] [subject to 
adjustment in accordance with 
[Condition 
9.1 
(Market 
Disruption, Reference Dates and 
Averaging Dates)]68/[Condition 
13.1 
(Market 
Disruption, 
Reference Dates and Averaging 
Dates)]69/[Condition 
15.1 
 
65 
Insert language where the Securities are Share Basket Securities, Index Basket Securities or ETF Basket Securities 
66 
Insert language where the Securities are Fund Basket Securities  
67 
Insert language where the Securities are Futures Contract Basket Securities  
68 
Insert language where the Securities are Share Basket Securities, Index Basket Securities or ETF Basket Securities 
69 
Insert language where the Securities are Fund Basket Securities

--- Page 563 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
563 
 
(Market Disruption, Reference 
Dates and Averaging Dates)]70] 
(repeat as required) 
 
• 
Floor Value: 
(specify if Floored Max Lookback 
Value/Floored 
Min 
Lookback 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, 
otherwise delete this provision)) 
[⚫] 
 
 
• 
Global 
Floor 
Value: 
(specify if Globally Floored 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
 
• 
Cap Value: 
(specify if Capped Max Lookback 
Value/Capped 
Min 
Lookback 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
 
• 
Global 
Cap 
Value: 
(specify 
if 
Globally 
Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
(F) 
Range 
Barrier 
Conditional 
Coupon 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Paragraph 1.19 of Section 2 of 
the Additional Conditions) 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
(i) 
Elections for definition 
of "Number of 
Exchange Business 
Days (Barrier Condition 
Satisfied)": 
[Single Barrier Range Accrual is applicable. The 
Determination Agent will determine in respect of each 
Interest Period the number of Exchange Business 
Days in such Interest Period on which the Knock-in 
Value is [greater than]/[greater than or equal to]/[less 
than]/[less than or equal to] the Coupon Barrier 
Value] 
 
 
 
[OR] 
 
 
 
[Dual Barrier Range Accrual is applicable. The 
Determination Agent will determine in respect of each 
Interest Period the number of Exchange Business 
Days in such Interest Period on which the Knock-in 
Value is [greater than]/[greater than or equal to] the 
Lower Barrier Value and [less than]/[less than or 
equal to] the Upper Barrier Value] 
 
 
70 
Insert language where the Securities are Futures Contract Basket Securities

--- Page 564 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
564 
 
 
 
(delete as appropriate) 
 
 
(ii) 
Knock-in Value: 
[[Worst Performance]/[Best Performance]/[Selected 
Worst 
of 
Performance]/[Selected 
Best 
of 
Performance]/[Relevant Underlying Performance] is 
applicable]/[is the Relevant Underlying Value] [and 
"N" is equal to [⚫]] 
 
 
(iii) 
Coupon Barrier Value: 
[Not Applicable]/[[⚫]/[⚫] per cent. of Initial 
Reference Value]/ 
 
 
 
Interest 
Determination Date 
Coupon Barrier Value 
 
In 
respect 
of 
the 
Interest Determination 
Date falling on  [date] 
(repeat as required) 
[Not 
Applicable]/[[⚫]/[⚫] 
per 
cent. 
of 
Initial 
Reference Value] 
(repeat as required) 
 
(iv) 
Upper Barrier Value: 
[Not Applicable]/[[⚫]/[⚫] per cent. of Initial 
Reference Value]/ 
 
 
 
Interest 
Determination Date 
Upper Coupon Barrier 
Value 
 
In 
respect 
of 
the 
Interest Determination 
Date falling on  [⚫] 
(repeat as required) 
[Not 
Applicable]/[[⚫]/[⚫] 
per 
cent. 
of 
Initial 
Reference Value] 
(repeat as required) 
 
(v) 
Lower Barrier Value: 
[Not Applicable]/[[⚫]/[⚫] per cent. of Initial 
Reference Value]/ 
 
 
 
Interest 
Determination Date 
Lower Coupon Barrier 
Value 
 
In 
respect 
of 
the 
Interest Determination 
Date falling on  [date] 
(repeat as required) 
[Not 
Applicable]/[[⚫]/[⚫] 
per 
cent. 
of 
Initial 
Reference Value]/ 
(repeat as required) 
 
(vi) 
Coupon Rate: 
[[Not Applicable]/[⚫]/[100] per cent.]/[A percentage 
rate to be determined by the Determination Agent 
before the Issue Date and notified to the 
Securityholders not more than 15 Business Days 
thereafter by publication on [⚫] (insert website 
address), provided that such percentage rate shall be 
[not less than [⚫] per cent.] [and] [not greater than [⚫
] per cent.]]/ 
 
 
 
Interest 
Determination Date 
Coupon Rate 
 
[⚫] 
 
[[Not Applicable]/[⚫]/[100] 
per cent.]/[A percentage 
rate to be determined by the 
Determination Agent before

--- Page 565 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
565 
 
(repeat as required) 
the Issue Date and notified 
to the Securityholders not 
more than 15 Business Days 
thereafter by publication on 
[⚫] (insert website address), 
provided 
that 
such 
percentage rate shall be [not 
less than [⚫] per cent.] [and] 
[not greater than [⚫] per 
cent.]] 
(repeat as required) 
 
(vii) 
Upper Coupon Rate: 
[Not Applicable]/[[⚫]/[100] per cent.]/[A percentage 
rate to be determined by the Determination Agent 
before the Issue Date and notified to the 
Securityholders not more than 15 Business Days 
thereafter by publication on [⚫] (insert website 
address), provided that such percentage rate shall be 
[not less than [⚫] per cent.] [and] [not greater than [⚫
] per cent.]]/ 
 
 
 
 
Interest 
Determination Date 
Upper Coupon Rate 
 
[⚫] 
(repeat 
as 
required) 
[[Not Applicable]/[⚫]/[100] 
per cent.]/[A percentage rate 
to be determined by the 
Determination Agent before 
the Issue Date and notified to 
the Securityholders not more 
than 
15 
Business 
Days 
thereafter by publication on [
⚫] (insert website address), 
provided that such percentage 
rate shall be [not less than [⚫] 
per cent.] [and] [not greater 
than [⚫] per cent.]] 
(repeat as required) 
 
(viii) 
Lower Coupon Rate: 
[[Not Applicable]/[⚫]/[100] per cent.]/[A percentage 
rate to be determined by the Determination Agent 
before the Issue Date and notified to the 
Securityholders not more than 15 Business Days 
thereafter by publication on [⚫] (insert website 
address), provided that such percentage rate shall be 
[not less than [⚫] per cent.] [and] [not greater than [⚫
] per cent.]]/ 
 
 
 
Interest 
Determination Date 
Lower Coupon Rate 
 
[⚫] 
(repeat 
as 
required) 
[[Not Applicable]/[⚫]/[100] 
per cent.]/[A percentage rate 
to be determined by the 
Determination Agent before 
the Issue Date and notified to 
the Securityholders not more

--- Page 566 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
566 
 
than 
15 
Business 
Days 
thereafter by publication on [
⚫] (insert website address), 
provided that such percentage 
rate shall be [not less than [⚫] 
per cent.] [and] [not greater 
than [⚫] per cent.]] 
(repeat as required) 
 
(ix) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual 
ICMA)]/[Actual/Actual]/[Actual/Actual 
(ISDA)]/[Actual/365 
Fixed)]/[Actual/365L]/[Actual/360]/[30/360]/[30/36
0 
(ICMA)]/[30/360 
(ISDA)]/[360/360]/[Bond 
Basis]/[30E/360]/[Eurobond 
Basis]/[30E/360 
(ISDA)]/[1/1] 
 
 
(x) 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[⚫] 
 
 
(xi) 
Interest Payment 
Date(s): 
[Each of the [⚫] day of [month], [month] (repeat as 
required) in each calendar year from (and including) 
[⚫] to (and including) [⚫]]/[[⚫] (specify dates) [, each] 
[, adjusted in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention specified below]/[, not adjusted]  
[[Scheduled Interest Payment Date [is]/[are]] [⚫]] 
 
 
(xii) 
Interest Specified 
Day(s): 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(if Not Applicable, delete the below) 
[⚫] [Business Day[s]]/[Clearing System Business 
Day[s]]/[calendar days]] 
 
 
(xiii) 
Interest Period(s): 
From (and including) the [Interest Commencement 
Date]/[Interest Payment Date] [falling on]/[scheduled 
to fall on] [⚫] to (but excluding) the Interest Payment 
Date [falling on]/[scheduled to fall on] [⚫] [(such 
scheduled Interest Payment Dates not being adjusted 
for any Business Day Convention)] 
(repeat as required) 
 
 
 
(for Swedish Securities, specify the following) 
 
 
 
From (but excluding) the [Interest Commencement 
Date]/[Interest Payment Date] [falling on]/[scheduled 
to fall on] [⚫] to (and including) the Interest Payment 
Date [falling on]/[scheduled to fall on] [⚫] [(such 
scheduled Interest Payment Dates not being adjusted 
for any Business Day Convention)] 
(repeat as required) 
 
 
(xiv) 
Business Day 
Convention: 
[Following Business Day Convention]/ 
[Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/[Modified Business Day Convention]/ 
 
 
 
[Preceding Business Day Convention]/

--- Page 567 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
567 
 
 
 
[FRN Convention. The Specified Period is from (and 
including) [⚫] to (but excluding) [⚫] (repeat as 
required)]/Floating Rate Convention]/[Eurodollar 
Convention]/ 
 
 
 
[No Adjustment]/[Unadjusted] 
 
 
 
 (delete as appropriate) 
 
 
(xv) 
Initial Reference Value 
[⚫]/[Determined in accordance with the Value 
Determination 
Terms 
specified 
below]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
 
[OR] 
 
 
 
Basket 
Component 
Initial Reference Value 
 
[⚫] 
 
(repeat 
as 
required) 
[⚫]/[Determined in accordance 
with the Value Determination 
Terms specified below] 
(repeat as required) 
 
• 
Initial 
Reference 
Value 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Specified 
Percentage: 
[[⚫] per cent.]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(xvi) 
Value Determination 
Terms for Initial 
Reference Value: 
 
(Section 4 of the 
Additional Conditions) 
[Not 
Applicable]/[Spot 
Value]/[Intraday 
Value]/[Opening 
Value]/[Closing 
Value]/[Commodity Specified Price]/[Max Lookback 
Value]/[Min 
Lookback 
Value]/[Floored 
Max 
Lookback 
Value]/[Floored 
Min 
Lookback 
Value]/[Capped Max Lookback Value]/[Capped Min 
Lookback 
Value]/[Average 
Value]/[Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value]/[Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value]/[Globally 
Floored 
Average 
Value]/[Globally Capped Average Value] 
 
 
 
(if 
Not 
Applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
• 
Initial 
Reference 
Value 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Reference 
Month: 
(specify if Securities are Inflation-
Linked 
Securities 
otherwise 
delete this provision) 
[⚫]

--- Page 568 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
568 
 
 
• 
Basic 
Value 
Determination 
Terms: 
(specify 
if 
Max 
Lookback 
Value/Min 
Lookback 
Value/Floored Max Lookback 
Value/Floored 
Min 
Lookback 
Value/Capped 
Max 
Lookback 
Value/Capped 
Min 
Lookback 
Value/Average 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Capped Average Value/Globally 
Floored Average Value/Globally 
Capped Average Value is selected 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[Spot 
Value]/[Intraday 
Value]/[Opening 
Value]/[Closing Value]/[Commodity Specified Price] 
 
 
• 
Averaging 
Dates 
in 
relation 
to 
Strike Date: 
(specify 
if 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Floored Average Value/Globally 
Floored Average Value/Globally 
Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, otherwise delete this 
provision) 
[⚫] 
 
 
• 
Averaging Date 
Disruption: 
(For Equity-Linked Securities or 
Futures-Contract 
Linked 
Securities only, specify if Average 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Floored Average Value/Globally 
Floored Average Value/Globally 
Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, otherwise (and if not an 
Equity-Linked 
Security 
or 
a 
Futures 
Contract-Linked 
Security) delete this provision) 
[Omission]/[Postponement]/[Modified 
Postponement] 
 
 
• 
Value 
Observation 
Dates in respect 
of Strike Date: 
(specify 
if 
Max 
Lookback 
Value/Min 
Lookback 
Value/Floored Max Lookback 
Value/Floored 
Min 
Lookback 
Value/Capped 
Max 
Lookback 
[⚫]/[Each 
[Common ]Scheduled Trading Day 
beginning on (and including) [date] and ending on 
(but excluding) [date]] [subject to adjustment in 
accordance with [Condition 9.1 (Market Disruption, 
Reference Dates and Averaging Dates)]71/[Condition 
13.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates and 
Averaging 
Dates)]72/[Condition 
15.1 
(Market 
 
 
71 
Insert language where the Securities are Share Basket Securities, Index Basket Securities or ETF Basket Securities 
72 
Insert language where the Securities are Fund Basket Securities

--- Page 569 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
569 
 
Value/Capped 
Min 
Lookback 
Value is selected, otherwise delete 
this provision) 
Disruption, 
Reference 
Dates 
and 
Averaging 
Dates)]73] 
 
• 
Floor Value: 
(specify if Floored Max Lookback 
Value/Floored 
Min 
Lookback 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, 
otherwise delete this provision)) 
[⚫] 
 
 
• 
Global 
Floor 
Value: 
(specify if Globally Floored 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
 
• 
Cap Value: 
(specify if Capped Max Lookback 
Value/Capped 
Min 
Lookback 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
 
• 
Global 
Cap 
Value: 
(specify 
if 
Globally 
Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
 
(xvii) 
Value Determination 
Terms for Relevant 
Underlying Value as of 
each Exchange Business 
Day: 
 
(Section 4 of the 
Additional Conditions) 
[Not 
Applicable]/[Spot 
Value]/[Intraday 
Value]/[Opening 
Value]/[Closing 
Value]/[Commodity Specified Price]/[Max Lookback 
Value]/[Min 
Lookback 
Value]/[Floored 
Max 
Lookback 
Value]/[Floored 
Min 
Lookback 
Value]/[Capped Max Lookback Value]/[Capped Min 
Lookback 
Value]/[Average 
Value]/[Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value]/[Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value]/[Globally 
Floored 
Average 
Value]/[Globally Capped Average Value] 
 
 
 
(if 
Not 
Applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
• 
Reference 
Month: 
(specify if Securities are Inflation-
Linked 
Securities 
otherwise 
delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
 
• 
Basic 
Value 
Determination 
Terms: 
[Spot 
Value]/[Intraday 
Value]/[Opening 
Value]/[Closing Value]/[Commodity Specified Price] 
 
 
73 
Insert language where the Securities are Futures Contract Basket Securities

--- Page 570 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
570 
 
(specify 
if 
Max 
Lookback 
Value/Min 
Lookback 
Value/Floored Max Lookback 
Value/Floored 
Min 
Lookback 
Value/Capped 
Max 
Lookback 
Value/Capped 
Min 
Lookback 
Value/Average 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Capped Average Value/Globally 
Floored Average Value/Globally 
Capped Average Value is selected 
otherwise delete this provision) 
 
• 
Averaging 
Dates 
in 
relation to the 
relevant 
Exchange 
Business Day: 
(specify 
if 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Floored Average Value/Globally 
Floored Average Value/Globally 
Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, otherwise delete this 
provision) 
[⚫] [in respect of the Observation Date falling on 
[date]; 
[...] and 
[⚫] [in respect of the Observation Date falling on 
[date]] 
 
 
• 
Averaging Date 
Disruption: 
(For Equity-Linked Securities or 
Futures-Contract 
Linked 
Securities only, specify if Average 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Floored Average Value/Globally 
Floored Average Value/Globally 
Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, otherwise (and if not an 
Equity-Linked 
Security 
or 
a 
Futures 
Contract-Linked 
Security) delete this provision) 
[Omission]/[Postponement]/[Modified 
Postponement] 
 
 
• 
Value 
Observation 
Dates in respect 
of 
each 
Exchange 
Business Day: 
(specify 
if 
Max 
Lookback 
Value/Min 
Lookback 
Value/Floored Max Lookback 
Value/Floored 
Min 
Lookback 
Value/Capped 
Max 
Lookback 
[⚫]/[Each 
[Common ]Scheduled Trading Day 
beginning on (and including) [date] and ending on 
(but excluding) [date]] [in respect of the Observation 
Date falling on [date] [subject to adjustment in 
accordance with [Condition 9.1 (Market Disruption, 
Reference Dates and Averaging Dates)]74/[Condition 
13.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates and 
Averaging 
Dates)]75/[Condition 
15.1 
(Market 
 
 
74 
Insert language where the Securities are Share Basket Securities, Index Basket Securities or ETF Basket Securities 
75 
Insert language where the Securities are Fund Basket Securities

--- Page 571 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
571 
 
Value/Capped 
Min 
Lookback 
Value is selected, otherwise delete 
this provision) 
Disruption, 
Reference 
Dates 
and 
Averaging 
Dates)]76]; 
[...] and 
[⚫]/[Each 
[Common ]Scheduled Trading Day 
beginning on (and including) [date] and ending on 
(but excluding) [date]] in respect of the Observation 
Date falling on [date]] [subject to adjustment in 
accordance with [Condition 9.1 (Market Disruption, 
Reference Dates and Averaging Dates)]77/[Condition 
13.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates and 
Averaging 
Dates)]78/[Condition 
15.1 
(Market 
Disruption, 
Reference 
Dates 
and 
Averaging 
Dates)]79] 
 
• 
Floor Value: 
(specify if Floored Max Lookback 
Value/Floored 
Min 
Lookback 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, 
otherwise delete this provision)) 
[⚫] 
 
 
• 
Global 
Floor 
Value: 
(specify 
if Globally Floored 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
 
• 
Cap Value: 
(specify if Capped Max Lookback 
Value/Capped 
Min 
Lookback 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
 
• 
Global 
Cap 
Value: 
(specify 
if 
Globally 
Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
(G) 
Range Accrual Coupon 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Paragraph 1.20 of Section 2 of 
the Additional Conditions) 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
(i) 
Coupon Rate: 
[[Not Applicable]/[⚫]/[100] per cent.]/[A percentage 
rate to be determined by the Determination Agent 
before the Issue Date and notified to the 
Securityholders not more than 15 Business Days 
thereafter by publication on [⚫] (insert website 
 
 
76 
Insert language where the Securities are Futures Contract Basket Securities  
77 
Insert language where the Securities are Share Basket Securities, Index Basket Securities or ETF Basket Securities 
78 
Insert language where the Securities are Fund Basket Securities  
79 
Insert language where the Securities are Futures Contract Basket Securities

--- Page 572 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
572 
 
address), provided that such percentage rate shall be 
[not less than [⚫] per cent.] [and] [not greater than [⚫
] per cent.]] 
 
 
[OR] 
 
 
 
Interest 
Determination 
Date 
Coupon Rate 
 
[date] 
(repeat 
as 
required) 
[[Not Applicable]/[⚫]/[100] per 
cent.]/[A percentage rate to be 
determined by the Determination 
Agent before the Issue Date and 
notified to the Securityholders not 
more than 15 Business Days 
thereafter by publication on [⚫] 
(insert website address), provided 
that such percentage rate shall be 
[not less than [⚫] per cent.] [and] 
[not greater than [⚫] per cent.]] 
(repeat as required) 
 
(ii) 
Upper Coupon Rate: 
[[Not Applicable]/[⚫]/[100] per cent.]/[A percentage 
rate to be determined by the Determination Agent 
before the Issue Date and notified to the 
Securityholders not more than 15 Business Days 
thereafter by publication on [⚫] (insert website 
address), provided that such percentage rate shall be 
[not less than [⚫] per cent.] [and] [not greater than [⚫
] per cent.]] 
 
 
 
 
[OR] 
 
 
 
Interest 
Determination 
Date 
Upper Coupon Rate 
 
[date] 
(repeat 
as 
required) 
[[Not Applicable]/[⚫]/[100] per 
cent.]/[A percentage rate to be 
determined by the Determination 
Agent before the Issue Date and 
notified to the Securityholders not 
more than 15 Business Days 
thereafter by publication on [⚫] 
(insert website address), provided 
that such percentage rate shall be 
[not less than [⚫] per cent.] [and] 
[not greater than [⚫] per cent.]] 
(repeat as required) 
 
(iii) 
Lower Coupon Rate: 
[[Not Applicable]/[⚫]/[100] per cent.]/[A percentage 
rate to be determined by the Determination Agent 
before the Issue Date and notified to the 
Securityholders not more than 15 Business Days 
thereafter by publication on [⚫] (insert website 
address), provided that such percentage rate shall be

--- Page 573 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
573 
 
[not less than [⚫] per cent.] [and] [not greater than [⚫
] per cent.]] 
 
 
 
[OR] 
 
 
 
Interest 
Determination 
Date 
Lower Coupon Rate 
 
[date] 
(repeat 
as 
required) 
[[Not Applicable]/[⚫]/[100] per 
cent.]/[A percentage rate to be 
determined by the Determination 
Agent before the Issue Date and 
notified to the Securityholders not 
more than 15 Business Days 
thereafter by publication on [⚫] 
(insert website address), provided 
that such percentage rate shall be 
[not less than [⚫] per cent.] [and] 
[not greater than [⚫] per cent.]] 
(repeat as required) 
 
(iv) 
Elections for definition 
of "Number of 
Observation Dates 
(Barrier Condition 
Satisfied)": 
[Single Barrier Range Accrual is applicable. The 
Determination Agent will determine in respect of each 
Interest Period the number of Observation Days in 
such Interest Period on which the Knock-in Value is 
[greater than]/[greater than or equal to]/[less 
than]/[less than or equal to] the Coupon Barrier 
Value] 
 
 
 
[OR] 
 
 
 
[Dual Barrier Range Accrual is applicable. The 
Determination Agent will determine in respect of each 
Interest Period the number of Observation Days in 
such Interest Period on which the Knock-in Value is 
[greater than]/[greater than or equal to] the Lower 
Barrier Value and [less than]/[less than or equal to] the 
Upper Barrier Value] 
 
 
 
(delete as appropriate) 
 
 
(v) 
Knock-in Value: 
[[Worst Performance]/[Best Performance]/[Selected 
Worst 
of 
Performance]/[Selected 
Best 
of 
Performance]/[Relevant Underlying Performance] is 
applicable]/[is the Relevant Underlying Value] [and 
"N" is equal to [⚫]] 
 
 
(vi) 
Observation Date(s): 
[⚫]/[Each 
[Common ]Scheduled Trading Day 
beginning on (and including) [date] and ending on 
(but excluding) [date]] [subject to adjustment in 
accordance with [Condition 9.1 (Market Disruption, 
Reference Dates and Averaging Dates)]80/[Condition 
13.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates and 
 
 
80 
Insert language where the Securities are Share Basket Securities, Index Basket Securities or ETF Basket Securities

--- Page 574 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
574 
 
Averaging 
Dates)]81/[Condition 
15.1 
(Market 
Disruption, 
Reference 
Dates 
and 
Averaging 
Dates)]82] 
 
(vii) 
Coupon Barrier Value: 
[Not Applicable]/[[⚫]/[⚫] per cent. of Initial 
Reference Value] 
 
 
 
[OR] 
 
 
 
Interest 
Determination Date 
Coupon Barrier Value 
 
In 
respect 
of 
the 
Interest Determination 
Date falling on  [date] 
(repeat as required) 
[[⚫]/[⚫] per cent. of Initial 
Reference Value] 
(repeat as required) 
 
(viii) 
Upper Coupon Barrier 
Value: 
[Not Applicable]/[[⚫]/[⚫] per cent. of Initial 
Reference Value] 
 
 
 
[OR] 
 
 
 
Interest 
Determination Date 
Upper Coupon Barrier 
Value 
 
In 
respect 
of 
the 
Interest Determination 
Date falling on  [date] 
(repeat as required) 
[[⚫]/[⚫] per cent. of Initial 
Reference Value] 
(repeat as required) 
 
(ix) 
Lower Coupon Barrier 
Value: 
[Not Applicable]/[[⚫]/[⚫] per cent. of Initial 
Reference Value] 
 
 
 
[OR] 
 
 
 
Interest 
Determination Date 
Lower Coupon Barrier 
Value 
 
In 
respect 
of 
the 
Interest Determination 
Date falling on  [date] 
(repeat as required) 
[[⚫]/[⚫] per cent. of Initial 
Reference Value] 
(repeat as required) 
 
(x) 
Relevant Factor: 
[⚫] 
 
 
(xi) 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[⚫] 
 
 
(xii) 
Interest Payment 
Date(s): 
[Each of the [⚫] day of [month], [month] (repeat as 
required) in each calendar year from (and including) 
[⚫] to (and including) [⚫]]/[[⚫] (specify dates) [, each] 
[, adjusted in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention specified below]/[, not adjusted]  
 
 
81 
Insert language where the Securities are Fund Basket Securities  
82 
Insert language where the Securities are Futures Contract Basket Securities

--- Page 575 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
575 
 
[[Scheduled Interest Payment Date [is]/[are]] [⚫]] 
 
(xiii) 
Interest Specified 
Day(s): 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(if Not Applicable, delete the below) 
[⚫] [Business Day[s]]/[Clearing System Business 
Day[s]]/[calendar days]] 
 
 
(xiv) 
Interest Period(s): 
From (and including) the [Interest Commencement 
Date]/[Interest Payment Date] [falling on]/[scheduled 
to fall on] [⚫] to (but excluding) the Interest Payment 
Date [falling on]/[scheduled to fall on] [⚫] [(such 
scheduled Interest Payment Dates not being adjusted 
for any Business Day Convention)] 
(repeat as required) 
 
 
 
(for Swedish Securities, specify the following) 
 
 
 
From (but excluding) the [Interest Commencement 
Date]/[Interest Payment Date] [falling on]/[scheduled 
to fall on] [⚫] to (and including) the Interest Payment 
Date [falling on]/[scheduled to fall on] [⚫] [(such 
scheduled Interest Payment Dates not being adjusted 
for any Business Day Convention)] 
(repeat as required) 
 
 
(xv) 
Business Day 
Convention: 
[Following Business Day Convention]/ 
[Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/[Modified Business Day Convention]/ 
 
 
 
[Preceding Business Day Convention]/ 
 
 
 
[FRN Convention. The Specified Period is from (and 
including) [⚫] to (but excluding) [⚫] (repeat as 
required)]/Floating Rate Convention]/[Eurodollar 
Convention]/ 
 
 
 
[No Adjustment]/[Unadjusted] 
 
 
 
(delete as appropriate) 
 
 
(xvi) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual 
ICMA)]/[Actual/Actual]/[Actual/Actual 
(ISDA)]/[Actual/365 
Fixed)]/[Actual/365L]/[Actual/360]/[30/360]/[30/36
0 
(ICMA)]/[30/360 
(ISDA)]/[360/360]/[Bond 
Basis]/[30E/360]/[Eurobond 
Basis]/[30E/360 
(ISDA)]/[1/1] 
 
 
(xvii) 
Initial Reference Value: 
[⚫]/[Determined in accordance with the Value 
Determination 
Terms 
specified 
below]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
 
 
[OR] 
 
 
 
Basket Component 
Initial Reference Value

--- Page 576 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
576 
 
[⚫] 
(repeat as required) 
 
[⚫]/[Determined 
in 
accordance with the Value 
Determination 
Terms 
specified below] 
(repeat as required) 
 
• 
Initial 
Reference 
Value 
Determination 
Date(s) 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Specified 
Percentage: 
[[⚫] per cent.]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(xviii) 
Value Determination 
Terms for Initial 
Reference Value: 
 
(Section 4 of the 
Additional Conditions) 
[Not 
Applicable]/[Spot 
Value]/[Intraday 
Value]/[Opening 
Value]/[Closing 
Value]/[Commodity Specified Price]/[Max Lookback 
Value]/[Min 
Lookback 
Value]/[Floored 
Max 
Lookback 
Value]/[Floored 
Min 
Lookback 
Value]/[Capped Max Lookback Value]/[Capped Min 
Lookback 
Value]/[Average 
Value]/[Min 
Value]/[Max Value]/[Floored Min Value]/[Capped 
Max 
Value]/[Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value]/[Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value]/[Globally Floored Average Value]/[Globally 
Capped Average Value] 
 
 
 
(if 
Not 
Applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
• 
Initial 
Reference 
Value 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Reference 
Month: 
(specify if Securities are Inflation-
Linked 
Securities 
otherwise 
delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
 
• 
Basic 
Value 
Determination 
Terms: 
(specify 
if 
Max 
Lookback 
Value/Min 
Lookback 
Value/Floored Max Lookback 
Value/Floored 
Min 
Lookback 
Value/Capped 
Max 
Lookback 
Value/Capped 
Min 
Lookback 
Value/Average 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Capped Average Value/Globally 
Floored Average Value/Globally 
[Spot 
Value]/[Intraday 
Value]/[Opening 
Value]/[Closing Value]/[Commodity Specified Price]

--- Page 577 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
577 
 
Capped Average Value is selected 
otherwise delete this provision) 
 
• 
Averaging 
Dates 
in 
relation 
to 
Strike Date: 
(specify 
if 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Floored Average Value/Globally 
Floored Average Value/Globally 
Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, otherwise delete this 
provision) 
[⚫] 
 
 
• 
Averaging Date 
Disruption: 
(For Equity-Linked Securities or 
Futures-Contract 
Linked 
Securities only, specify if Average 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Floored Average Value/Globally 
Floored Average Value/Globally 
Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, otherwise (and if not an 
Equity-Linked 
Security 
or 
a 
Futures 
Contract-Linked 
Security) delete this provision) 
[Omission]/[Postponement]/[Modified 
Postponement] 
 
 
• 
Value 
Observation 
Dates in respect 
of Strike Date: 
(specify 
if 
Max 
Lookback 
Value/Min 
Lookback 
Value/Floored Max Lookback 
Value/Floored 
Min 
Lookback 
Value/Capped 
Max 
Lookback 
Value/Capped 
Min 
Lookback 
Value is selected, otherwise delete 
this provision) 
[⚫]/[Each 
[Common ]Scheduled Trading Day 
beginning on (and including) [date] and ending on 
(but excluding) [date]] [subject to adjustment in 
accordance with [Condition 9.1 (Market Disruption, 
Reference Dates and Averaging Dates)]83/[Condition 
13.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates and 
Averaging 
Dates)]84/[Condition 
15.1 
(Market 
Disruption, 
Reference 
Dates 
and 
Averaging 
Dates)]85] 
 
 
• 
Floor Value: 
(specify if Floored Max Lookback 
Value/Floored 
Min 
Lookback 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, 
otherwise delete this provision)) 
[⚫] 
 
 
83 
Insert language where the Securities are Share Basket Securities, Index Basket Securities or ETF Basket Securities 
84 
Insert language where the Securities are Fund Basket Securities  
85 
Insert language where the Securities are Futures Contract Basket Securities

--- Page 578 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
578 
 
 
• 
Global 
Floor 
Value: 
(specify if Globally Floored 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
 
• 
Cap Value: 
(specify if Capped Max Lookback 
Value/Capped 
Min 
Lookback 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
 
• 
Global 
Cap 
Value: 
(specify 
if 
Globally 
Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
 
(xix) 
Value Determination 
Terms for Relevant 
Underlying Value as of 
any Observation Date: 
 
(Section 4 of the 
Additional Conditions) 
[Not 
Applicable]/[Spot 
Value]/[Intraday 
Value]/[Opening 
Value]/[Closing 
Value]/[Commodity Specified Price]/[Max Lookback 
Value]/[Min 
Lookback 
Value]/[Floored 
Max 
Lookback 
Value]/[Floored 
Min 
Lookback 
Value]/[Capped Max Lookback Value]/[Capped Min 
Lookback 
Value]/[Average 
Value]/[Min 
Value]/[Max Value]/[Floored Min Value]/[Capped 
Max 
Value]/[Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value]/[Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value]/[Globally Floored Average Value]/[Globally 
Capped Average Value] 
 
 
 
(if 
Not 
Applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
• 
Reference 
Month: 
(specify if Securities are Inflation-
Linked 
Securities 
otherwise 
delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
 
• 
Basic 
Value 
Determination 
Terms: 
(specify 
if 
Max 
Lookback 
Value/Min 
Lookback 
Value/Floored Max Lookback 
Value/Floored 
Min 
Lookback 
Value/Capped 
Max 
Lookback 
Value/Capped 
Min 
Lookback 
Value/Average 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Capped Average Value/Globally 
Floored Average Value/Globally 
[Spot 
Value]/[Intraday 
Value]/[Opening 
Value]/[Closing Value]/[Commodity Specified Price]

--- Page 579 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
579 
 
Capped Average Value is selected 
otherwise delete this provision) 
 
• 
Averaging 
Dates 
in 
relation to the 
relevant 
Observation 
Date: 
(specify 
if 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Floored Average Value/Globally 
Floored Average Value/Globally 
Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, otherwise delete this 
provision) 
[⚫] [in respect of the Observation Date falling on 
[date]; 
[...] and 
[⚫] [in respect of the Observation Date falling on 
[date]] 
 
 
• 
Averaging Date 
Disruption: 
(For Equity-Linked Securities or 
Futures-Contract 
Linked 
Securities only, specify if Average 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Floored Average Value/Globally 
Floored Average Value/Globally 
Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, otherwise (and if not an 
Equity-Linked 
Security 
or 
a 
Futures 
Contract-Linked 
Security) delete this provision) 
[Omission]/[Postponement]/[Modified 
Postponement] 
 
 
• 
Value 
Observation 
Dates 
in 
relation to the 
relevant 
Observation 
Date: 
(specify 
if 
Max 
Lookback 
Value/Min 
Lookback 
Value/Floored Max Lookback 
Value/Floored 
Min 
Lookback 
Value/Capped 
Max 
Lookback 
Value/Capped 
Min 
Lookback 
Value is selected, otherwise delete 
this provision) 
[⚫]/[Each 
[Common ]Scheduled Trading Day 
beginning on (and including) [date] and ending on 
(but excluding) [date]] [in respect of the Observation 
Date falling on [date] [subject to adjustment in 
accordance with [Condition 9.1 (Market Disruption, 
Reference Dates and Averaging Dates)]86/[Condition 
13.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates and 
Averaging 
Dates)]87/[Condition 
15.1 
(Market 
Disruption, 
Reference 
Dates 
and 
Averaging 
Dates)]88]; 
[...] and 
[⚫]/[Each 
[Common ]Scheduled Trading Day 
beginning on (and including) [date] and ending on 
(but excluding) [date]] in respect of the Observation 
Date falling on [date]] [subject to adjustment in 
accordance with [Condition 9.1 (Market Disruption, 
Reference Dates and Averaging Dates)]89/[Condition 
13.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates and 
 
 
86 
Insert language where the Securities are Share Basket Securities, Index Basket Securities or ETF Basket Securities 
87 
Insert language where the Securities are Fund Basket Securities  
88 
Insert language where the Securities are Futures Contract Basket Securities  
89 
Insert language where the Securities are Share Basket Securities, Index Basket Securities or ETF Basket Securities

--- Page 580 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
580 
 
Averaging 
Dates)]90/[Condition 
15.1 
(Market 
Disruption, 
Reference 
Dates 
and 
Averaging 
Dates)]91] 
 
• 
Floor Value: 
(specify if Floored Max Lookback 
Value/Floored 
Min 
Lookback 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, 
otherwise delete this provision)) 
[⚫] 
 
 
• 
Global 
Floor 
Value: 
(specify if Globally Floored 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
 
• 
Cap Value: 
(specify if Capped Max Lookback 
Value/Capped 
Min 
Lookback 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
 
• 
Global 
Cap 
Value: 
(specify 
if 
Globally 
Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
(H) 
Performance Linked Coupon: 
(Paragraph 1.21 of Section 2 of 
the Additional Conditions) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
(i) 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[[●], in respect of which "N"shall be Not Applicable.] 
/ [As set out in the following table: 
 
Interest 
Determination Dates 
N 
[●] 
1 
Repeat as required 
Repeat as required 
 
(if N is specified to be "Not Applicable", the value for 
N shall be equal to 1) 
 
 
90 
Insert language where the Securities are Fund Basket Securities  
91 
Insert language where the Securities are Futures Contract Basket Securities

--- Page 581 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
581 
 
 
(ii) 
Interest Floor: 
[Not Applicable]/[[⚫] per cent.] 
 
 
(iii) 
Strike: 
[⚫]/[1]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(iv) 
FX Return: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
 
 
(v) 
FXCoupon: 
[Determined in accordance with Section 5 of the 
Additional Conditions]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(vi) 
FXInitial: 
[Determined in accordance with Section 5 of the 
Additional Conditions]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Specified 
Currency: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable]  
 
 
• 
Relevant 
Screen Page in 
respect 
of 
Specified 
Currency: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable]  
 
 
• 
Specified Time 
in respect of 
Specified 
Currency: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable]  
 
 
• 
Second 
Currency: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable]  
 
 
• 
Relevant 
Screen Page in 
respect 
of 
Second 
Currency: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable]  
 
 
• 
Specified Time 
in respect of 
Second 
Currency: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable]  
 
 
(vii) 
Interest Cap: 
[[●] per cent.]/[Not Applicable] (if "Not Applicable" 
is specified, the Interest Cap shall be equal to infinity) 
 
 
(viii) 
Value Determination 
Terms for Initial 
Reference Value: 
 
(Section 4 of the 
Additional Conditions) 
[Not 
Applicable]/[Spot 
Value]/[Intraday 
Value]/[Opening 
Value]/[Closing 
Value]/[Commodity Specified Price]/[Max Lookback 
Value]/[Min 
Lookback 
Value]/[Floored 
Max 
Lookback 
Value]/[Floored 
Min 
Lookback 
Value]/[Capped Max Lookback Value]/[Capped Min 
Lookback 
Value]/[Average 
Value]/[Min 
Value]/[Max Value]/[Floored Min Value]/[Capped 
Max 
Value]/[Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value]/[Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value]/[Globally Floored Average Value]/[Globally 
Capped Average Value] 
 
 
 
(if 
Not 
Applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 582 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
582 
 
 
• 
Initial 
Reference 
Value 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable]  
 
 
• 
Specified 
Percentage: 
[[⚫] per cent.]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Reference 
Month: 
(specify if Securities are Inflation-
Linked 
Securities 
otherwise 
delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
 
• 
Basic 
Value 
Determination 
Terms: 
(specify 
if 
Max 
Lookback 
Value/Min 
Lookback 
Value/Floored Max Lookback 
Value/Floored 
Min 
Lookback 
Value/Capped 
Max 
Lookback 
Value/Capped 
Min 
Lookback 
Value/Average 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Capped Average Value/Globally 
Floored Average Value/Globally 
Capped Average Value is selected 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[Spot 
Value]/[Intraday 
Value]/[Opening 
Value]/[Closing Value]/[Commodity Specified Price] 
 
 
• 
Averaging 
Dates 
in 
relation 
to 
Strike Date: 
(specify 
if 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Floored Average Value/Globally 
Floored Average Value/Globally 
Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, otherwise delete this 
provision) 
[⚫] 
 
 
• 
Averaging Date 
Disruption: 
(For Equity-Linked Securities or 
Futures-Contract 
Linked 
Securities only, specify if Average 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Floored Average Value/Globally 
Floored Average Value/Globally 
Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, otherwise (and if not an 
Equity-Linked 
Security 
or 
a 
[Omission]/[Postponement]/[Modified 
Postponement]

--- Page 583 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
583 
 
Futures 
Contract-Linked 
Security) delete this provision) 
 
• 
Value 
Observation 
Dates in respect 
of Strike Date: 
(specify 
if 
Max 
Lookback 
Value/Min 
Lookback 
Value/Floored Max Lookback 
Value/Floored 
Min 
Lookback 
Value/Capped 
Max 
Lookback 
Value/Capped 
Min 
Lookback 
Value is selected, otherwise delete 
this provision) 
[⚫]/[Each 
[Common ]Scheduled Trading Day 
beginning on (and including) [date] and ending on 
(but excluding) [date]] [subject to adjustment in 
accordance with [Condition 9.1 (Market Disruption, 
Reference Dates and Averaging Dates)]92/[Condition 
13.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates and 
Averaging 
Dates)]93/[Condition 
15.1 
(Market 
Disruption, 
Reference 
Dates 
and 
Averaging 
Dates)]94] 
 
 
• 
Floor Value: 
(specify if Floored Max Lookback 
Value/Floored 
Min 
Lookback 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, 
otherwise delete this provision)) 
[⚫] 
 
 
• 
Global 
Floor 
Value: 
(specify if Globally Floored 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
 
• 
Cap Value: 
(specify if Capped Max Lookback 
Value/Capped 
Min 
Lookback 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
 
• 
Global 
Cap 
Value: 
(specify 
if 
Globally 
Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
 
(ix) 
Value Determination 
Terms for Final 
Reference Value 
(Coupon): 
 
(Section 4 of the 
Additional Conditions) 
[Not 
Applicable]/[Spot 
Value]/[Intraday 
Value]/[Opening 
Value]/[Closing 
Value]/[Commodity Specified Price]/[Max Lookback 
Value]/[Min 
Lookback 
Value]/[Floored 
Max 
Lookback 
Value]/[Floored 
Min 
Lookback 
Value]/[Capped Max Lookback Value]/[Capped Min 
Lookback 
Value]/[Average 
Value]/[Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value]/[Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value]/[Globally 
Floored 
Average 
Value]/[Globally Capped Average Value] 
 
 
92 
Insert language where the Securities are Share Basket Securities, Index Basket Securities or ETF Basket Securities 
93 
Insert language where the Securities are Fund Basket Securities  
94 
Insert language where the Securities are Futures Contract Basket Securities

--- Page 584 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
584 
 
 
 
(if 
Not 
Applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
• 
Reference 
Month: 
(specify if Securities are Inflation-
Linked 
Securities 
otherwise 
delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
 
• 
Basic 
Value 
Determination 
Terms: 
(specify 
if 
Max 
Lookback 
Value/Min 
Lookback 
Value/Floored Max Lookback 
Value/Floored 
Min 
Lookback 
Value/Capped 
Max 
Lookback 
Value/Capped 
Min 
Lookback 
Value/Average 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Capped Average Value/Globally 
Floored Average Value/Globally 
Capped Average Value is selected 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[Spot 
Value]/[Intraday 
Value]/[Opening 
Value]/[Closing Value]/[Commodity Specified Price] 
 
 
• 
Averaging 
Dates 
in 
relation to the 
relevant Interest 
Determination 
Date: 
(specify 
if 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Floored Average Value/Globally 
Floored Average Value/Globally 
Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, otherwise delete this 
provision) 
[⚫] [in respect of the Interest Determination Date 
falling on [date]; 
[...] and 
[⚫] [in respect of the Interest Determination Date 
falling on [date]] 
 
 
• 
Averaging Date 
Disruption: 
(For Equity-Linked Securities or 
Futures-Contract 
Linked 
Securities only, specify if Average 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Floored Average Value/Globally 
Floored Average Value/Globally 
Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, otherwise (and if not an 
Equity-Linked 
Security 
or 
a 
Futures 
Contract-Linked 
Security) delete this provision) 
[Omission]/[Postponement]/[Modified 
Postponement]

--- Page 585 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
585 
 
 
• 
Value 
Observation 
Dates in respect 
of each Interest 
Determination 
Date: 
(specify 
if 
Max 
Lookback 
Value/Min 
Lookback 
Value/Floored Max Lookback 
Value/Floored 
Min 
Lookback 
Value/Capped 
Max 
Lookback 
Value/Capped 
Min 
Lookback 
Value is selected, otherwise delete 
this provision) 
[⚫]/[Each 
[Common ]Scheduled Trading Day 
beginning on (and including) [date] and ending on 
(but excluding) [date]] [in respect of the Interest 
Determination Date falling on [date]] [subject to 
adjustment in accordance with [Condition 9.1 (Market 
Disruption, 
Reference 
Dates 
and 
Averaging 
Dates)]95/[Condition 
13.1 
(Market 
Disruption, 
Reference Dates and Averaging Dates)]96/[Condition 
15.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates and 
Averaging Dates)]97]; 
[…] and 
[⚫]/[Each 
[Common ]Scheduled Trading Day 
beginning on (and including) [date] and ending on 
(but excluding) [date]] [in respect of the Interest 
Determination Date falling on [date] [subject to 
adjustment in accordance with [Condition 9.1 (Market 
Disruption, 
Reference 
Dates 
and 
Averaging 
Dates)]98/[Condition 
13.1 
(Market 
Disruption, 
Reference Dates and Averaging Dates)]99/[Condition 
15.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates and 
Averaging Dates)]100] 
 
 
 
• 
Floor Value: 
(specify if Floored Max Lookback 
Value/Floored 
Min 
Lookback 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, 
otherwise delete this provision)) 
[⚫] 
 
 
• 
Global 
Floor 
Value: 
(specify if Globally Floored 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
 
• 
Cap Value: 
(specify if Capped Max Lookback 
Value/Capped 
Min 
Lookback 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
 
• 
Global 
Cap 
Value: 
[⚫] 
 
 
95 
Insert language where the Securities are Share Basket Securities, Index Basket Securities or ETF Basket Securities 
96 
Insert language where the Securities are Fund Basket Securities  
97 
Insert language where the Securities are Futures Contract Basket Securities  
98 
Insert language where the Securities are Share Basket Securities, Index Basket Securities or ETF Basket Securities 
99 
Insert language where the Securities are Fund Basket Securities  
100 
Insert language where the Securities are Futures Contract Basket Securities

--- Page 586 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
586 
 
(specify 
if 
Globally 
Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, 
otherwise delete this provision) 
(I) 
Participation and Performance 
Linked Coupon: 
(Paragraph 1.22 of Section 2 of 
the Additional Conditions) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
(i) 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[⚫] 
 
 
(ii) 
Interest Floor: 
[Not Applicable]/[[⚫] per cent.] 
 
 
(iii) 
Strike: 
[⚫]/[1]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(iv) 
Participation Rate: 
[Not Applicable]/[⚫]/[100] per cent.]/[A percentage 
rate to be determined by the Determination Agent 
before the Issue Date and notified to the 
Securityholders not more than 15 Business Days 
thereafter by publication on [⚫] (insert website 
address), provided that such percentage rate shall be 
[not less than [⚫] per cent.] [and] [not greater than [⚫
] per cent.] 
 
 
(v) 
FX Return: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
 
 
(vi) 
FXCoupon: 
[Determined in accordance with Section 5 of the 
Additional Conditions]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(vii) 
FXInitial: 
[Determined in accordance with Section 5 of the 
Additional Conditions]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Specified 
Currency: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Relevant 
Screen Page in 
respect 
of 
Specified 
Currency: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Specified Time 
in respect of 
Specified 
Currency: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Second 
Currency: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Relevant 
Screen Page in 
respect 
of 
Second 
Currency: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 587 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
587 
 
 
• 
Specified Time 
in respect of 
Second 
Currency: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(viii) 
Value Determination 
Terms for Initial 
Reference Value: 
 
(Section 4 of the 
Additional Conditions) 
[Not 
Applicable]/[Spot 
Value]/[Intraday 
Value]/[Opening 
Value]/[Closing 
Value]/[Commodity Specified Price]/[Max Lookback 
Value]/[Min 
Lookback 
Value]/[Floored 
Max 
Lookback 
Value]/[Floored 
Min 
Lookback 
Value]/[Capped Max Lookback Value]/[Capped Min 
Lookback 
Value]/[Average 
Value]/[Min 
Value]/[Max Value]/[Floored Min Value]/[Capped 
Max 
Value]/[Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value]/[Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value]/[Globally Floored Average Value]/[Globally 
Capped Average Value] 
 
 
 
(if 
Not 
Applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
• 
Specified 
Percentage: 
[[⚫] per cent.]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Reference 
Month: 
(specify if Securities are Inflation-
Linked 
Securities 
otherwise 
delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
 
• 
Initial 
Reference 
Value 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Basic 
Value 
Determination 
Terms: 
(specify 
if 
Max 
Lookback 
Value/Min 
Lookback 
Value/Floored Max Lookback 
Value/Floored 
Min 
Lookback 
Value/Capped 
Max 
Lookback 
Value/Capped 
Min 
Lookback 
Value/Average 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Capped Average Value/Globally 
Floored Average Value/Globally 
Capped Average Value is selected 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[Spot 
Value]/[Intraday 
Value]/[Opening 
Value]/[Closing Value]/[Commodity Specified Price] 
 
 
• 
Averaging 
Dates 
in 
relation 
to 
Strike Date: 
[⚫]

--- Page 588 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
588 
 
(specify 
if 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Floored Average Value/Globally 
Floored Average Value/Globally 
Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, otherwise delete this 
provision) 
 
• 
Averaging Date 
Disruption: 
(For Equity-Linked Securities or 
Futures-Contract 
Linked 
Securities only, specify if Average 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Floored Average Value/Globally 
Floored Average Value/Globally 
Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, otherwise (and if not an 
Equity-Linked 
Security 
or 
a 
Futures 
Contract-Linked 
Security) delete this provision) 
[Omission]/[Postponement]/[Modified 
Postponement] 
 
 
• 
Value 
Observation 
Dates in respect 
of Strike Date: 
(specify 
if 
Max 
Lookback 
Value/Min 
Lookback 
Value/Floored Max Lookback 
Value/Floored 
Min 
Lookback 
Value/Capped 
Max 
Lookback 
Value/Capped 
Min 
Lookback 
Value is selected, otherwise delete 
this provision) 
[⚫]/[Each 
[Common ]Scheduled Trading Day 
beginning on (and including) [date] and ending on 
(but excluding) [date]] [subject to adjustment in 
accordance with [Condition 9.1 (Market Disruption, 
Reference Dates and Averaging Dates)]101/[Condition 
13.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates and 
Averaging 
Dates)]102/[Condition 
15.1 
(Market 
Disruption, 
Reference 
Dates 
and 
Averaging 
Dates)]103] 
 
 
• 
Floor Value: 
(specify if Floored Max Lookback 
Value/Floored 
Min 
Lookback 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, 
otherwise delete this provision)) 
[⚫] 
 
 
• 
Global 
Floor 
Value: 
(specify if Globally Floored 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
 
• 
Cap Value: 
[⚫] 
 
 
101 
Insert language where the Securities are Share Basket Securities, Index Basket Securities or ETF Basket Securities 
102 
Insert language where the Securities are Fund Basket Securities  
103 
Insert language where the Securities are Futures Contract Basket Securities

--- Page 589 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
589 
 
(specify if Capped Max Lookback 
Value/Capped 
Min 
Lookback 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, 
otherwise delete this provision) 
 
• 
Global 
Cap 
Value: 
(specify 
if 
Globally 
Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
 
(ix) 
Value Determination 
Terms for Final 
Reference Value 
(Coupon): 
 
(Section 4 of the 
Additional Conditions) 
[Not 
Applicable]/[Spot 
Value]/[Intraday 
Value]/[Opening 
Value]/[Closing 
Value]/[Commodity Specified Price]/[Max Lookback 
Value]/[Min 
Lookback 
Value]/[Floored 
Max 
Lookback 
Value]/[Floored 
Min 
Lookback 
Value]/[Capped Max Lookback Value]/[Capped Min 
Lookback 
Value]/[Average 
Value]/[Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value]/[Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value]/[Globally 
Floored 
Average 
Value]/[Globally Capped Average Value] 
 
 
 
(if 
Not 
Applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
• 
Reference 
Month: 
(specify if Securities are Inflation-
Linked 
Securities 
otherwise 
delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
 
• 
Basic 
Value 
Determination 
Terms: 
(specify 
if 
Max 
Lookback 
Value/Min 
Lookback 
Value/Floored Max Lookback 
Value/Floored 
Min 
Lookback 
Value/Capped 
Max 
Lookback 
Value/Capped 
Min 
Lookback 
Value/Average 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Capped Average Value/Globally 
Floored Average Value/Globally 
Capped Average Value is selected 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[Spot 
Value]/[Intraday 
Value]/[Opening 
Value]/[Closing Value]/[Commodity Specified Price] 
 
 
• 
Averaging 
Dates 
in 
relation to the 
relevant Interest 
Determination 
Date: 
(specify 
if 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value/Individually 
[⚫] [in respect of the Interest Determination Date 
falling on [date]; 
[...] and 
[⚫] [in respect of the Interest Determination Date 
falling on [date]]

--- Page 590 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
590 
 
Floored Average Value/Globally 
Floored Average Value/Globally 
Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, otherwise delete this 
provision) 
 
• 
Averaging Date 
Disruption: 
(For Equity-Linked Securities or 
Futures-Contract 
Linked 
Securities only, specify if Average 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Floored Average Value/Globally 
Floored Average Value/Globally 
Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, otherwise (and if not an 
Equity-Linked 
Security 
or 
a 
Futures 
Contract-Linked 
Security) delete this provision) 
[Omission]/[Postponement]/[Modified 
Postponement] 
 
 
• 
Value 
Observation 
Dates in respect 
of each Interest 
Determination 
Date: 
(specify 
if 
Max 
Lookback 
Value/Min 
Lookback 
Value/Floored Max Lookback 
Value/Floored 
Min 
Lookback 
Value/Capped 
Max 
Lookback 
Value/Capped 
Min 
Lookback 
Value is selected, otherwise delete 
this provision) 
[⚫]/[Each 
[Common ]Scheduled Trading Day 
beginning on (and including) [date] and ending on 
(but excluding) [date]] [in respect of the Interest 
Determination Date falling on [date]] [subject to 
adjustment in accordance with [Condition 9.1 (Market 
Disruption, 
Reference 
Dates 
and 
Averaging 
Dates)]104/[Condition 
13.1 
(Market 
Disruption, 
Reference Dates and Averaging Dates)]105/[Condition 
15.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates and 
Averaging Dates)]106]; 
[…] and 
[⚫]/[Each 
[Common ]Scheduled Trading Day 
beginning on (and including) [date] and ending on 
(but excluding) [date]] [in respect of the Interest 
Determination Date falling on [date] [subject to 
adjustment in accordance with [Condition 9.1 (Market 
Disruption, 
Reference 
Dates 
and 
Averaging 
Dates)]107/[Condition 
13.1 
(Market 
Disruption, 
Reference Dates and Averaging Dates)]108/[Condition 
15.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates and 
Averaging Dates)]109] 
 
 
• 
Floor Value: 
(specify if Floored Max Lookback 
Value/Floored 
Min 
Lookback 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, 
otherwise delete this provision)) 
[⚫] 
 
 
104 
Insert language where the Securities are Share Basket Securities, Index Basket Securities or ETF Basket Securities 
105 
Insert language where the Securities are Fund Basket Securities  
106 
Insert language where the Securities are Futures Contract Basket Securities  
107 
Insert language where the Securities are Share Basket Securities, Index Basket Securities or ETF Basket Securities 
108 
Insert language where the Securities are Fund Basket Securities  
109 
Insert language where the Securities are Futures Contract Basket Securities

--- Page 591 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
591 
 
 
• 
Global 
Floor 
Value: 
(specify if Globally Floored 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
 
• 
Cap Value: 
(specify if Capped Max Lookback 
Value/Capped 
Min 
Lookback 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
 
• 
Global 
Cap 
Value: 
(specify 
if 
Globally 
Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
(J) 
Inflation Linked Coupon: 
(Paragraph 1.23 of Section 2 of 
the Additional Conditions) 
[Applicable: [Leveraged Inflation Coupon]/[Real 
Inflation Coupon]/ [UDI Inflation Coupon]/ [MXN 
Denominated 
UDI 
Adjustment 
Inflation 
Coupon]/[Cumulative 
Inflation 
Coupon] 
applies]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
From (and including) the [Interest Commencement 
Date]/[Interest Payment Date] [falling on]/[scheduled 
to fall on] [⚫] to (but excluding) the Interest Payment 
Date [falling on]/[scheduled to fall on] [⚫] [(such 
scheduled Interest Payment Dates not being adjusted 
for any Business Day Convention)] 
(repeat as required)  
 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment 
Date(s): 
[Each of the [⚫] day of [month], [month] (repeat as 
required) in each calendar year from (and including) 
[⚫] to (and including) [⚫]]/[[⚫] (specify dates) [, each] 
[, adjusted in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention specified below]/[, not adjusted] 
 
 
(iii) 
Business Day 
Convention: 
[Following Business Day Convention]/ 
[Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/[Modified Business Day Convention]/ 
 
 
 
[Preceding Business Day Convention]/ 
 
 
 
[FRN Convention. The Specified Period is from (and 
including) [⚫] to (but excluding) [⚫] (repeat as 
required)]/Floating Rate Convention]/[Eurodollar 
Convention]/ 
 
 
 
[No Adjustment]/[Unadjusted] 
 
 
 
(delete as appropriate)

--- Page 592 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
592 
 
 
(iv) 
Leverage: 
[⚫] per cent. 
 
 
(v) 
Spread: 
[[+/-] [⚫] per cent.]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(vi) 
CPIInitial: 
[⚫]/[Initial Inflation Index Level]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
[- Determination Month 
(Initial): 
[⚫] (specify if Initial Inflation Index Level is 
applicable) 
 
 
(vii) 
  UDIInitial: 
[⚫]/[The official determination of the Inflation Index 
published for the Issue Date subject to adjustment in 
accordance with the provisions of Condition 12 
(Provisions Relating to Inflation-Linked Notes).][Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
(viii)   UDI Final Observation   
              Date: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(ix)        Observation Date(s): 
Interest Payment Date 
Observation Date 
In respect of the Interest 
Determination Date falling on [
⚫] 
(repeat as required) 
[⚫] 
(repeat as required) 
 
 
 
/ 
[Not Applicable] 
(Observation Date is only applicable for UDI 
Inflation Coupon or MXN Denominated UDI 
Adjustment Inflation Coupon) 
 
 
(x) 
Determination Month: 
Determination Month Table 
 
Interest 
Payment 
Date(s) 
Determination 
Month (n) 
Determinatio
n Month (m) 
 
[insert 
date] 
(repeat 
as 
required) 
[insert 
calendar 
month and year] 
(repeat 
as 
required) 
[insert 
calendar 
month 
and 
year] (repeat 
as required) 
 
 
[OR]  
[Not Applicable] (Determination Month is not 
applicable for UDI Inflation Coupon or MXN 
Denominated UDI Adjustment Inflation Coupon) [As 
specified below] (insert sub-paragraphs below if 
Determination Month Table not applicable) 
 
 
• 
Determination 
Month (m): 
[In respect of an Interest Period and the [Scheduled] 
Interest Payment Date on which such Interest Period 
ends, [[⚫] calendar month[s] [before]/[after]] the 
month in which such [Scheduled] Interest Payment 
Date [falls]/[is scheduled to fall]

--- Page 593 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
593 
 
 
• 
Determination 
Month (n): 
[In respect of each Interest Payment Date and the 
Interest Period ending on (but excluding) such Interest 
Payment Date, as specified in the column headed  
"Determination Month (n)" in paragraph (iv) above 
corresponding to  such Interest Payment Date]/ 
[In respect of each Interest Period and the [Scheduled] 
Interest Payment Date on which such Interest Period 
ends (but is not included in such Interest Period), [⚫] 
[calendar month][s][before][after] the month in which 
such [Scheduled] Interest Payment Date falls]  
 
 
(xi) 
Interest Cap: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(xii) 
Interest Floor: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(xiii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual 
ICMA)]/[Actual/Actual]/[Actual/Actual 
(ISDA)]/[Actual/365 
Fixed)]/[Actual/365L]/[Actual/360]/[30/360]/[30/36
0 
(ICMA)]/[30/360 
(ISDA)]/[360/360]/[Bond 
Basis]/[30E/360]/[Eurobond 
Basis]/[30E/360 
(ISDA)]/[1/1] 
 
(K) 
Mixto Coupon 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Paragraph 1.24 of Section 2 of 
the Additional Conditions) 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
 
(i) 
Automatic 
Partial 
Redemption Date: 
[⚫] 
 
 
(ii) 
Automatic 
Partial 
Redemption Rate: 
[⚫] per cent. 
 
 
(iii) 
Upper Coupon Rate: 
[⚫] per cent. 
 
 
(iv) 
Coupon Barrier Value: 
[[⚫]/[⚫] per cent. of Initial Reference Value] 
[OR] 
Interest 
Determination 
Date 
Coupon Barrier Value 
In respect of the 
Interest 
Determination Date 
falling on [⚫] 
(repeat as required) 
[[⚫]/[⚫] per cent. of Initial 
Reference Value] 
(repeat as required) 
 
 
(v) 
Lower Coupon Rate: 
[⚫] per cent. 
 
 
(vi) 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[⚫]

--- Page 594 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
594 
 
 
(vii) 
Interest 
Payment 
Date(s): 
[Each of the [⚫] day of [month], [month] (repeat as 
required) in each calendar year from (and including) [⚫
] to (and including) [⚫]]/[[⚫] (specify dates) [, each] [, 
adjusted in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention specified below]/[, not adjusted]  
[[Scheduled Interest Payment Date [is]/[are]] [⚫]] 
 
 
(viii) 
Interest 
Specified 
Day(s): 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(if Not Applicable, delete the below) 
[⚫] [Business Day[s]]/[Clearing System Business 
Day[s]]/[calendar days]] 
 
 
(ix) 
Business 
Day 
Convention: 
[Following Business Day Convention]/ 
[Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/[Modified Business Day Convention]/ 
 
 
 
[Preceding Business Day Convention]/ 
 
 
 
[FRN Convention. The Specified Period is from (and 
including) [⚫] to (but excluding) [⚫] (repeat as 
required)]/Floating 
Rate 
Convention]/[Eurodollar 
Convention]/ 
 
 
 
[No Adjustment]/[Unadjusted] 
 
 
 
 (delete as appropriate) 
 
 
(x) 
Reset Initial Reference 
Value: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(xi) 
Initial 
Reference 
Value: 
• 
Interest 
Reference 
Value 
Determination 
Date(s) 
[⚫]/[Determined in accordance with the Value 
Determination Terms specified below]/[Not Applicable] 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
[OR] 
 
 
 
Basket 
Component 
Initial Reference Value 
[⚫] 
(repeat 
as 
required) 
[⚫]/[Determined in accordance 
with the Value Determination 
Terms specified below] 
(repeat as required) 
 
 
 
[OR] 
 
 
• 
Reset Barrier 
Value: 
(specify 
if 
Reset 
Initial 
Reference Value is applicable 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫]/[[⚫] per cent of Relevant Underlying Value]

--- Page 595 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
595 
 
 
• 
Reset Rate: 
(specify 
if 
Reset 
Initial 
Reference Value is applicable 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫]/[[⚫] per cent of Relevant Underlying Value] 
 
 
• 
Reset 
Observation 
Date: 
(specify 
if 
Reset 
Initial 
Reference Value is applicable 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
 
• 
Specified 
Percentage: 
[[⚫] per cent.]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(xii) 
Value Determination 
Terms for Initial 
Reference Value: 
 
(Section 
4 
of 
the 
Additional Conditions) 
[Not 
Applicable]/[Spot 
Value]/[Intraday 
Value]/[Opening Value]/[Closing Value]/[Commodity 
Specified Price]/[Max Lookback Value]/[Min Lookback 
Value]/[Floored Max Lookback Value]/[Floored Min 
Lookback 
Value]/[Capped 
Max 
Lookback 
Value]/[Capped 
Min 
Lookback 
Value]/[Average 
Value]/[Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value]/[Individually Capped Average Value]/[Globally 
Floored Average Value]/[Globally Capped Average 
Value] 
 
 
 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
 
• 
Initial 
Reference 
Value 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Reference 
Month: 
(specify 
if 
Securities 
are 
Inflation-Linked 
Securities 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
A28.2

--- Page 596 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
596 
 
 
• 
Basic 
Value 
Determination 
Terms: 
(specify 
if 
Max 
Lookback 
Value/Min 
Lookback 
Value/Floored Max Lookback 
Value/Floored Min Lookback 
Value/Capped Max Lookback 
Value/Capped Min Lookback 
Value/Average 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value/Globally 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Globally 
Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected otherwise delete this 
provision) 
[Spot 
Value]/[Intraday 
Value]/[Opening 
Value]/[Closing Value]/[Commodity Specified Price] 
 
 
• 
Averaging 
Dates 
in 
relation 
to 
Strike Date: 
(specify 
if 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Globally 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Globally 
Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, otherwise delete this 
provision) 
[⚫] 
 
 
• 
Averaging 
Date 
Disruption: 
(For Equity-Linked Securities or 
Futures-Contract 
Linked 
Securities 
only, 
specify 
if 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Globally 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Globally 
Capped 
Average Value is selected, 
otherwise (and if not an Equity-
Linked Security or a Futures 
Contract-Linked 
Security) 
delete this provision) 
[Omission]/[Postponement]/[Modified Postponement]

--- Page 597 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
597 
 
 
• 
Value 
Observation 
Dates 
in 
respect 
of 
Strike Date: 
(specify 
if 
Max 
Lookback 
Value/Min 
Lookback 
Value/Floored Max Lookback 
Value/Floored Min Lookback 
Value/Capped Max Lookback 
Value/Capped Min Lookback 
Value is selected, otherwise 
delete this provision) 
[⚫]/[Each [Common ]Scheduled Trading Day beginning 
on (and including) [date] and ending on (but excluding) 
[date]] [subject to adjustment in accordance with 
[Condition 9.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates and 
Averaging 
Dates)]110/[Condition 
13.1 
(Market 
Disruption, 
Reference 
Dates 
and 
Averaging 
Dates)]111/[Condition 
15.1 
(Market 
Disruption, 
Reference Dates and Averaging Dates) 112] 
 
 
• 
Floor Value: 
(specify 
if 
Floored 
Max 
Lookback Value/Floored Min 
Lookback 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, otherwise delete this 
provision)) 
[⚫] 
 
 
• 
Global Floor 
Value: 
(specify if Globally Floored 
Average Value 
is selected, 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
 
• 
Cap Value: 
(specify 
if 
Capped 
Max 
Lookback Value/Capped Min 
Lookback 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, otherwise delete this 
provision) 
[⚫] 
 
 
• 
Global 
Cap 
Value: 
(specify if Globally Capped 
Average Value is selected, 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
 
• 
Global 
Cap 
Value: 
(specify if Globally Capped 
Average Value is selected, 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
 
110 
Insert language where the Securities are Share Basket Securities, Index Basket Securities or ETF Basket Securities 
111 
Insert language where the Securities are Fund Basket Securities  
112 
Insert language where the Securities are Futures Contract Basket Securities

--- Page 598 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
598 
 
 
(xiii) 
Value Determination 
Terms for Relevant 
Underlying Value: 
 
(Section 
4 
of 
the 
Additional Conditions) 
[Not 
Applicable]/[Spot 
Value]/[Intraday 
Value]/[Opening Value]/[Closing Value]/[Commodity 
Specified Price]/[Max Lookback Value]/[Min Lookback 
Value]/[Floored Max Lookback Value]/[Floored Min 
Lookback 
Value]/[Capped 
Max 
Lookback 
Value]/[Capped 
Min 
Lookback 
Value]/[Average 
Value]/[Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value]/[Individually Capped Average Value]/[Globally 
Floored Average Value]/[Globally Capped Average 
Value] 
 
 
 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
 
• 
Reference 
Month: 
(specify 
if 
Securities 
are 
Inflation-Linked 
Securities 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
 
• 
Basic 
Value 
Determination 
Terms: 
(specify 
if 
Max 
Lookback 
Value/Min 
Lookback 
Value/Floored Max Lookback 
Value/Floored Min Lookback 
Value/Capped Max Lookback 
Value/Capped Min Lookback 
Value/Average 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value/Globally 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Globally 
Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected otherwise delete this 
provision) 
[Spot 
Value]/[Intraday 
Value]/[Opening 
Value]/[Closing Value]/[Commodity Specified Price] 
 
 
• 
Averaging 
Dates 
in 
relation to the 
relevant date 
or period: 
(specify 
if 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Globally 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Globally 
Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, otherwise delete this 
provision) 
[⚫] 
 
 
 
[OR]

--- Page 599 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
599 
 
 
 
[Interest 
Determination 
Date] 
Averaging Dates 
[⚫] 
(repeat 
as 
required) 
[⚫] 
(repeat as required) 
 
 
• 
Averaging 
Date 
Disruption: 
(For Equity-Linked Securities or 
Futures-Contract 
Linked 
Securities 
only, 
specify 
if 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Globally 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Globally 
Capped 
Average Value is selected, 
otherwise (and if not an Equity-
Linked Security or a Futures 
Contract-Linked 
Security) 
delete this provision) 
[Omission]/[Postponement]/[Modified Postponement] 
 
 
• 
Value 
Observation 
Dates 
in 
respect of the 
relevant date 
or period: 
(specify 
if 
Max 
Lookback 
Value/Min 
Lookback 
Value/Floored Max Lookback 
Value/Floored Min Lookback 
Value/Capped Max Lookback 
Value/Capped Min Lookback 
Value is selected, otherwise 
delete this provision) 
[⚫]/[Each [Common ]Scheduled Trading Day beginning 
on (and including) [date] and ending on (but excluding) 
[date]] [subject to adjustment in accordance with 
[Condition 9.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates and 
Averaging 
Dates)]113/[Condition 
13.1 
(Market 
Disruption, 
Reference 
Dates 
and 
Averaging 
Dates)]114/[Condition 
15.1 
(Market 
Disruption, 
Reference Dates and Averaging Dates) 115] 
 
 
 
[OR] 
 
 
113 
Insert language where the Securities are Share Basket Securities, Index Basket Securities or ETF Basket Securities 
114 
Insert language where the Securities are Fund Basket Securities  
115 
Insert language where the Securities are Futures Contract Basket Securities

--- Page 600 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
600 
 
 
 
[Interest 
Determination 
Date] 
Value Observation Dates 
[⚫] 
(repeat 
as 
required) 
[⚫]/[Each [Common ]Scheduled 
Trading Day beginning on (and 
including) [date] and ending on 
(but excluding) [date]] [subject 
to adjustment in accordance with 
[Condition 
9.1 
(Market 
Disruption, Reference Dates and 
Averaging Dates)]116/[Condition 
13.1 
(Market 
Disruption, 
Reference Dates and Averaging 
Dates)]117/[Condition 
15.1 
(Market Disruption, Reference 
Dates and Averaging Dates) 118] 
(repeat as required) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
• 
Floor Value: 
(specify 
if 
Floored 
Max 
Lookback Value/Floored Min 
Lookback 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, otherwise delete this 
provision)) 
[⚫] 
 
 
• 
Global Floor 
Value: 
(specify if Globally Floored 
Average Value is selected, 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
 
• 
Cap Value: 
(specify 
if 
Capped 
Max 
Lookback Value/Capped Min 
Lookback 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, otherwise delete this 
provision) 
[⚫] 
 
 
• 
Global 
Cap 
Value: 
(specify if Globally Capped 
Average Value is selected, 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
(L) 
Annual 
Performance 
Linked 
Coupon 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
116 
Insert language where the Securities are Share Basket Securities, Index Basket Securities or ETF Basket Securities 
117 
Insert language where the Securities are Fund Basket Securities  
118 
Insert language where the Securities are Futures Contract Basket Securities

--- Page 601 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
601 
 
(Paragraph 1.25 of Section 2 of the 
Additional Conditions) 
 
 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
(i) 
Observation Dates: 
[⚫] 
 
 
(ii) 
Interest Cap: 
[Not Applicable]/[[⚫] per cent.] 
 
 
(iii) 
Strike: 
[⚫]/[1]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(iv) 
Reference Value: 
Initial 
Reference 
Value: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
Relevant Underlying ValueOD: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
(v) 
Value Determination 
Terms for Initial 
Reference Value: 
 
(Section 4 of the 
Additional Conditions) 
[Not 
Applicable]/[Spot 
Value]/[Intraday 
Value]/[Opening 
Value]/[Closing 
Value]/[Commodity 
Specified 
Price]/[Max 
Lookback Value]/[Min Lookback Value]/[Floored 
Max Lookback Value]/[Floored Min Lookback 
Value]/[Capped Max Lookback Value]/[Capped 
Min 
Lookback 
Value]/[Average 
Value]/[Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value]/[Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value]/[Globally Floored Average Value]/[Globally 
Capped Average Value] 
 
 
 
(if 
Not 
Applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
• 
Reference Month: 
(specify if Securities are Inflation-
Linked Securities otherwise delete 
this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
 
• 
Initial 
Reference 
Value 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Basic 
Value 
Determination 
Terms: 
(specify if Max Lookback Value/Min 
Lookback 
Value/Floored 
Max 
Lookback 
Value/Floored 
Min 
Lookback 
Value/Capped 
Max 
Lookback 
Value/Capped 
Min 
Lookback 
Value/Average 
Value/Individually Floored Average 
Value/Individually Capped Average 
Value/Globally Floored Average 
Value/Globally Capped Average 
Value is selected otherwise delete 
this provision) 
[Spot 
Value]/[Intraday 
Value]/[Opening 
Value]/[Closing 
Value]/[Commodity 
Specified 
Price]

--- Page 602 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
602 
 
 
• 
Averaging Dates 
in 
relation 
to 
Strike Date: 
(specify 
if 
Average 
Value/Individually Capped Average 
Value/Individually Floored Average 
Value/Globally Floored Average 
Value/Globally Capped Average 
Value is selected, otherwise delete 
this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
 
• 
Averaging 
Date 
Disruption: 
(For Equity-Linked Securities or 
Futures-Contract Linked Securities 
only, 
specify 
if 
Average 
Value/Individually Capped Average 
Value/Individually Floored Average 
Value/Globally Floored Average 
Value/Globally Capped Average 
Value is selected, otherwise (and if 
not an Equity-Linked Security or a 
Futures Contract-Linked Security) 
delete this provision) 
[Omission]/[Postponement]/[Modified 
Postponement] 
 
 
• 
Value Observation 
Dates in respect of 
Strike Date: 
(specify if Max Lookback Value/Min 
Lookback 
Value/Floored 
Max 
Lookback 
Value/Floored 
Min 
Lookback 
Value/Capped 
Max 
Lookback 
Value/Capped 
Min 
Lookback 
Value 
is 
selected, 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫]/[Each [Common ]Scheduled Trading Day 
beginning on (and including) [date] and ending on 
(but excluding) [date]] [subject to adjustment in 
accordance with [Condition 9.1 (Market Disruption, 
Reference 
Dates 
and 
Averaging 
Dates)]119/[Condition 13.1 (Market Disruption, 
Reference 
Dates 
and 
Averaging 
Dates)]120/[Condition 15.1 (Market Disruption, 
Reference Dates and Averaging Dates) 121] 
 
 
• 
Floor Value: 
(specify if Floored Max Lookback 
Value/Floored 
Min 
Lookback 
Value/Individually Floored Average 
Value is selected, otherwise delete 
this provision)) 
[⚫] 
 
 
• 
Global 
Floor 
Value: 
(specify if Globally Floored Average 
Value is selected, otherwise delete 
this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
 
• 
Cap Value: 
[⚫] 
 
 
119 
Insert language where the Securities are Share Basket Securities, Index Basket Securities or ETF Basket Securities 
120 
Insert language where the Securities are Fund Basket Securities  
121 
Insert language where the Securities are Futures Contract Basket Securities

--- Page 603 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
603 
 
(specify if Capped Max Lookback 
Value/Capped 
Min 
Lookback 
Value/Individually Capped Average 
Value is selected, otherwise delete 
this provision) 
 
• 
Global Cap Value: 
(specify if Globally Capped Average 
Value is selected, otherwise delete 
this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
 
• 
Global Cap Value: 
(specify if Globally Capped Average 
Value is selected, otherwise delete 
this provision) 
[⚫] 
] 
 
(vi) 
Value Determination 
Terms for Relevant 
Underlying Value: 
 
(Section 4 of the 
Additional Conditions) 
[Not 
Applicable]/[Spot 
Value]/[Intraday 
Value]/[Opening 
Value]/[Closing 
Value]/[Commodity 
Specified 
Price]/[Max 
Lookback Value]/[Min Lookback Value]/[Floored 
Max Lookback Value]/[Floored Min Lookback 
Value]/[Capped Max Lookback Value]/[Capped 
Min 
Lookback 
Value]/[Average 
Value]/[Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value]/[Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value]/[Globally Floored Average Value]/[Globally 
Capped Average Value] 
 
 
 
(if 
Not 
Applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
• 
Reference Month: 
(specify if Securities are Inflation-
Linked Securities otherwise delete 
this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
 
• 
Basic 
Value 
Determination 
Terms: 
(specify if Max Lookback Value/Min 
Lookback 
Value/Floored 
Max 
Lookback 
Value/Floored 
Min 
Lookback 
Value/Capped 
Max 
Lookback 
Value/Capped 
Min 
Lookback 
Value/Average 
Value/Individually Floored Average 
Value/Individually Capped Average 
Value/Globally Floored Average 
Value/Globally Capped Average 
Value is selected otherwise delete 
this provision) 
[Spot 
Value]/[Intraday 
Value]/[Opening 
Value]/[Closing 
Value]/[Commodity 
Specified 
Price] 
 
 
• 
Averaging Dates 
in relation to the 
relevant date or 
period: 
[⚫]

--- Page 604 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
604 
 
(specify 
if 
Average 
Value/Individually Capped Average 
Value/Individually Floored Average 
Value/Globally Floored Average 
Value/Globally Capped Average 
Value is selected, otherwise delete 
this provision) 
 
 
[OR] 
 
 
 
 
[Interest 
Determination 
Date] 
Averaging Dates 
 
 
 
 
 
[⚫] 
(repeat as required) 
[⚫] 
(repeat as required) 
 
 
 
• 
Averaging 
Date 
Disruption: 
(For Equity-Linked Securities or 
Futures-Contract Linked Securities 
only, 
specify 
if 
Average 
Value/Individually Capped Average 
Value/Individually Floored Average 
Value/Globally Floored Average 
Value/Globally Capped Average 
Value is selected, otherwise (and if 
not an Equity-Linked Security or a 
Futures Contract-Linked Security) 
delete this provision) 
[Omission]/[Postponement]/[Modified 
Postponement] 
 
 
• 
Value Observation 
Dates in respect of 
the relevant date or 
period: 
(specify if Max Lookback Value/Min 
Lookback 
Value/Floored 
Max 
Lookback 
Value/Floored 
Min 
Lookback 
Value/Capped 
Max 
Lookback 
Value/Capped 
Min 
Lookback 
Value 
is 
selected, 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫]/[Each [Common ]Scheduled Trading Day 
beginning on (and including) [date] and ending on 
(but excluding) [date]] [subject to adjustment in 
accordance with [Condition 9.1 (Market Disruption, 
Reference 
Dates 
and 
Averaging 
Dates)]122/[Condition 13.1 (Market Disruption, 
Reference 
Dates 
and 
Averaging 
Dates)]123/[Condition 15.1 (Market Disruption, 
Reference Dates and Averaging Dates) 124] 
 
 
 
[OR] 
 
 
 
 
[Interest 
Determination 
Date] 
Value 
Observation 
Dates 
 
 
 
 
 
[⚫] 
(repeat as required) 
[⚫]/[Each [Common 
]Scheduled 
Trading 
Day 
beginning 
on 
(and including) [date] 
and ending on (but 
excluding) 
[date]] 
 
 
 
122 
Insert language where the Securities are Share Basket Securities, Index Basket Securities or ETF Basket Securities 
123 
Insert language where the Securities are Fund Basket Securities  
124 
Insert language where the Securities are Futures Contract Basket Securities

--- Page 605 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
605 
 
[subject to adjustment 
in accordance with 
[Condition 
9.1 
(Market 
Disruption, 
Reference Dates and 
Averaging 
Dates)]125/[Condition 
13.1 
(Market 
Disruption, Reference 
Dates and Averaging 
Dates)]126/[Condition 
15.1 
(Market 
Disruption, Reference 
Dates and Averaging 
Dates) 127] 
(repeat as required) 
 
• 
Floor Value: 
(specify if Floored Max Lookback 
Value/Floored 
Min 
Lookback 
Value/Individually Floored Average 
Value is selected, otherwise delete 
this provision)) 
[⚫] 
 
 
• 
Global 
Floor 
Value: 
(specify if Globally Floored Average 
Value is selected, otherwise delete 
this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
 
• 
Cap Value: 
(specify if Capped Max Lookback 
Value/Capped 
Min 
Lookback 
Value/Individually Capped Average 
Value is selected, otherwise delete 
this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
 
• 
Global Cap Value: 
(specify if Globally Capped 
Average Value is selected, 
otherwise delete this 
provision) 
[⚫] 
 
 
(vii) 
Value Determination 
Terms for Final Reference 
Value (Coupon): 
 
(Section 4 of the 
Additional Conditions) 
[Not 
Applicable]/[Spot 
Value]/[Intraday 
Value]/[Opening 
Value]/[Closing 
Value]/[Commodity 
Specified 
Price]/[Max 
Lookback Value]/[Min Lookback Value]/[Floored 
Max Lookback Value]/[Floored Min Lookback 
Value]/[Capped Max Lookback Value]/[Capped 
Min 
Lookback 
Value]/[Average 
Value]/[Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value]/[Individually 
Capped 
Average 
 
 
125 
Insert language where the Securities are Share Basket Securities, Index Basket Securities or ETF Basket Securities 
126 
Insert language where the Securities are Fund Basket Securities  
127 
Insert language where the Securities are Futures Contract Basket Securities

--- Page 606 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
606 
 
Value]/[Globally Floored Average Value]/[Globally 
Capped Average Value] 
 
 
(if 
Not 
Applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
• 
Reference Month: 
(specify if Securities are Inflation-
Linked Securities otherwise delete 
this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
 
• 
Basic 
Value 
Determination 
Terms: 
(specify if Max Lookback Value/Min 
Lookback 
Value/Floored 
Max 
Lookback 
Value/Floored 
Min 
Lookback 
Value/Capped 
Max 
Lookback 
Value/Capped 
Min 
Lookback 
Value/Average 
Value/Individually Floored Average 
Value/Individually Capped Average 
Value/Globally Floored Average 
Value/Globally Capped Average 
Value is selected otherwise delete 
this provision) 
[Spot 
Value]/[Intraday 
Value]/[Opening 
Value]/[Closing 
Value]/[Commodity 
Specified 
Price] 
 
 
• 
Averaging Dates 
in relation to the 
relevant 
Interest 
Determination 
Date: 
(specify 
if 
Average 
Value/Individually Capped Average 
Value/Individually Floored Average 
Value/Globally Floored Average 
Value/Globally Capped Average 
Value is selected, otherwise delete 
this provision) 
[⚫] [in respect of the Interest Determination Date 
falling on [date]; 
[...] and 
[⚫] [in respect of the Interest Determination Date 
falling on [date]] 
 
 
• 
Averaging 
Date 
Disruption: 
(For Equity-Linked Securities or 
Futures-Contract Linked Securities 
only, 
specify 
if 
Average 
Value/Individually Capped Average 
Value/Individually Floored Average 
Value/Globally Floored Average 
Value/Globally Capped Average 
Value is selected, otherwise (and if 
not an Equity-Linked Security or a 
Futures Contract-Linked Security) 
delete this provision) 
[Omission]/[Postponement]/[Modified 
Postponement] 
 
 
• 
Value Observation 
Dates in respect of 
each 
Interest 
[⚫]/[Each [Common ]Scheduled Trading Day 
beginning on (and including) [date] and ending on 
(but excluding) [date]] [in respect of the Interest 
Determination Date falling on [date]] [subject to

--- Page 607 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
607 
 
Determination 
Date: 
(specify if Max Lookback Value/Min 
Lookback 
Value/Floored 
Max 
Lookback 
Value/Floored 
Min 
Lookback 
Value/Capped 
Max 
Lookback 
Value/Capped 
Min 
Lookback 
Value 
is 
selected, 
otherwise delete this provision) 
adjustment in accordance with [Condition 9.1 
(Market Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging 
Dates)]128/[Condition 13.1 (Market Disruption, 
Reference 
Dates 
and 
Averaging 
Dates)]129/[Condition 15.1 (Market Disruption, 
Reference Dates and Averaging Dates)]130]; 
[…] and 
[⚫]/[Each [Common ]Scheduled Trading Day 
beginning on (and including) [date] and ending on 
(but excluding) [date]] [in respect of the Interest 
Determination Date falling on [date] [subject to 
adjustment in accordance with [Condition 9.1 
(Market Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging 
Dates)]131/[Condition 13.1 (Market Disruption, 
Reference 
Dates 
and 
Averaging 
Dates)]132/[Condition 15.1 (Market Disruption, 
Reference Dates and Averaging Dates)]133] 
 
 
• 
Floor Value: 
(specify if Floored Max Lookback 
Value/Floored 
Min 
Lookback 
Value/Individually Floored Average 
Value is selected, otherwise delete 
this provision)) 
[⚫] 
 
 
• 
Global 
Floor 
Value: 
(specify if Globally Floored Average 
Value is selected, otherwise delete 
this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
 
• 
Cap Value: 
(specify if Capped Max Lookback 
Value/Capped 
Min 
Lookback 
Value/Individually Capped Average 
Value is selected, otherwise delete 
this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
 
• 
Global Cap Value: 
(specify if Globally Capped Average 
Value is selected, otherwise delete 
this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
 
 
 
 
128 
Insert language where the Securities are Share Basket Securities, Index Basket Securities or ETF Basket Securities 
129 
Insert language where the Securities are Fund Basket Securities  
130 
Insert language where the Securities are Futures Contract Basket Securities  
131 
Insert language where the Securities are Share Basket Securities, Index Basket Securities or ETF Basket Securities 
132 
Insert language where the Securities are Fund Basket Securities  
133 
Insert language where the Securities are Futures Contract Basket Securities

--- Page 608 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
608 
 
(M) 
Linked Interest Provisions: 
Performance 
Determination 
Terms for Knock-in Value 
(for 
determining 
Relevant 
Underlying Performance, where 
used for determining the Knock-
in Value) 
(Section 5 of the Additional 
Conditions) 
 
(I) 
Performance 
Determination 
Terms for Securities linked to 
a Single Underlying: 
(for 
determining 
"Relevant 
Underlying Performance") 
[Not 
Applicable]/[Basic 
Performance]/[Cliquet] 
Performance]/[Capped 
Performance]/[Floored 
Performance]/[Capped 
& 
Floored 
Performance]/[Absolute Basic Performance]/[Absolute 
Capped 
Performance]/[Absolute 
Floored 
Performance]/[Absolute 
Capped 
& 
Floored 
Performance]/[OTM 
Performance 
(Single 
Underlying)]/[Optimised 
Performance 
(Type 
1)]/[Optimised Performance (Type 2)] 
 
 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Put Performance: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Performance Rate: 
[⚫] per cent. 
 
(iii) 
Strike: 
[⚫]/[1]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
OTM Rate: 
[[⚫] per cent.]/[Not Applicable] 
(specify if OTM Performance (Single Underlying) is 
specified as being applicable, other specify Not 
Applicable) 
 
(v) 
Election for Optimised 
Initial 
Reference 
Value: 
[means the value determined by the Determination 
Agent to be equal to the [lowest]/[highest] of the Closing 
Values of the Relevant Underlying as of each of the 
Optimised Observation Dates]/[Not Applicable] 
(specify if Optimised Performance (Type 1) or 
Optimised Performance (Type 2) is specified as being 
applicable, otherwise specify Not Applicable) 
 
(vi) 
Optimised Observation 
Date(s): 
[⚫]/[Each [Common ]Scheduled Trading Day beginning 
on (and including) [⚫] and ending on (but excluding) [⚫
]][subject to adjustment in accordance with [Condition 
9.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging 
Dates)]134/[Condition 
13.1 
(Market 
Disruption, 
Reference Dates and Averaging Dates)]135/[Condition 
15.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates and 
Averaging Dates)]136]/[Not Applicable] 
 
134 
Insert language where the Securities are Share Basket Securities, Index Basket Securities or ETF Basket Securities 
135 
Insert language where the Securities are Fund Basket Securities  
136 
Insert language where the Securities are Futures Contract Basket Securities

--- Page 609 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
609 
 
(specify dates if Optimised Performance is specified as 
being applicable, otherwise specify Not Applicable) 
 
(vii) 
Initial 
Reference 
Value: 
[⚫]/[Determined in accordance with the Value 
Determination Terms specified below] 
 
• Initial 
Reference 
Value 
Determination Date(s): 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
• Specified Percentage: 
[[⚫] per cent.]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(viii) 
Value Determination 
Terms 
for 
Initial 
Reference Value: 
 
(Section 
4 
of 
the 
Additional Conditions) 
[Not 
Applicable]/[Spot 
Value]/[Intraday 
Value]/[Opening 
Value]/[Closing 
Value]/[Max 
Lookback Value]/[Min Lookback Value]/[Floored Max 
Lookback 
Value]/[Floored 
Min 
Lookback 
Value]/[Capped Max Lookback Value]/[Capped Min 
Lookback 
Value]/[Average 
Value]/[Individually 
Floored Average Value]/[Individually Capped Average 
Value]/[Globally Floored Average Value]/[Globally 
Capped Average Value] 
 
 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
• Initial 
Reference 
Value 
Determination Date(s): 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
• Reference Month: 
(specify 
if 
Securities 
are 
Inflation-Linked 
Securities 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
• Basic Value Determination 
Terms: 
(specify 
if 
Max 
Lookback 
Value/Min 
Lookback 
Value/Floored Max Lookback 
Value/Floored Min Lookback 
Value/Capped Max Lookback 
Value/Capped Min Lookback 
Value/Average 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Capped Average Value/Globally 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Globally Capped Average 
Value is selected otherwise 
delete this provision) 
[Spot 
Value]/[Intraday 
Value]/[Opening 
Value]/[Closing Value] 
 
• Averaging Dates in relation 
to Strike Date: 
(specify 
if 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Globally 
Floored 
Average Value/Globally Capped 
[⚫]

--- Page 610 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
610 
 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, 
otherwise delete this provision) 
 
• Averaging Date Disruption: 
(For Equity-Linked Securities or 
Futures-Contract 
Linked 
Securities 
only, 
specify 
if 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Globally 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Globally Capped Average 
Value is selected, otherwise (and 
if not an Equity-Linked Security 
or a Futures Contract-Linked 
Security) delete this provision) 
[Omission]/[Postponement]/[Modified Postponement] 
 
• Value Observation Dates in 
respect of Strike Date: 
(specify 
if 
Max 
Lookback 
Value/Min 
Lookback 
Value/Floored Max Lookback 
Value/Floored Min Lookback 
Value/Capped Max Lookback 
Value/Capped Min Lookback 
Value is selected, otherwise 
delete this provision) 
[⚫]/[Each [Common ]Scheduled Trading Day beginning 
on (and including) [date] and ending on (but excluding) 
[date]] [subject to adjustment in accordance with 
[Condition 9.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates and 
Averaging 
Dates)]137/[Condition 
13.1 
(Market 
Disruption, 
Reference 
Dates 
and 
Averaging 
Dates)]138/[Condition 
15.1 
(Market 
Disruption, 
Reference Dates and Averaging Dates)]139] 
 
• Floor Value: 
(specify 
if 
Floored 
Max 
Lookback Value/Floored Min 
Lookback 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, otherwise delete this 
provision)) 
[⚫] 
 
• Global Floor Value: 
(specify if Globally Floored 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
• Cap Value: 
(specify 
if 
Capped 
Max 
Lookback Value/Capped Min 
Lookback 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, otherwise delete this 
provision) 
[⚫] 
 
• Global Cap Value: 
[⚫] 
 
137 
Insert language where the Securities are Share Basket Securities, Index Basket Securities or ETF Basket Securities 
138 
Insert language where the Securities are Fund Basket Securities  
139 
Insert language where the Securities are Futures Contract Basket Securities

--- Page 611 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
611 
 
(specify if Globally Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, 
otherwise delete this provision) 
 
(ix) 
Value Determination 
Terms 
for 
Final 
Reference Value: 
 
(Section 
4 
of 
the 
Additional Conditions) 
[Not 
Applicable]/[Spot 
Value]/[Intraday 
Value]/[Opening 
Value]/[Closing 
Value]/[Max 
Lookback Value]/[Min Lookback Value]/[Floored Max 
Lookback 
Value]/[Floored 
Min 
Lookback 
Value]/[Capped Max Lookback Value]/[Capped Min 
Lookback 
Value]/[Average 
Value]/[Individually 
Floored Average Value]/[Individually Capped Average 
Value]/[Globally Floored Average Value]/[Globally 
Capped Average Value] 
 
 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
• Reference Month: 
(specify 
if 
Securities 
are 
Inflation-Linked 
Securities 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
• Basic Value Determination 
Terms: 
(specify 
if 
Max 
Lookback 
Value/Min 
Lookback 
Value/Floored Max Lookback 
Value/Floored Min Lookback 
Value/Capped Max Lookback 
Value/Capped Min Lookback 
Value/Average 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Capped Average Value/Globally 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Globally Capped Average 
Value is selected otherwise 
delete this provision) 
[Spot 
Value]/[Intraday 
Value]/[Opening 
Value]/[Closing Value] 
 
• Averaging Dates in relation 
to Determination Date: 
(specify 
if 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Globally 
Floored 
Average Value/Globally Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
• Averaging Date Disruption: 
(For Equity-Linked Securities or 
Futures-Contract 
Linked 
Securities 
only, 
specify 
if 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Globally 
[Omission]/[Postponement]/[Modified Postponement]

--- Page 612 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
612 
 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Globally Capped Average 
Value is selected, otherwise (and 
if not an Equity-Linked Security 
or a Futures Contract-Linked 
Security) delete this provision) 
 
• Value Observation Dates in 
respect of the Determination 
Date: 
(specify 
if 
Max 
Lookback 
Value/Min 
Lookback 
Value/Floored Max Lookback 
Value/Floored Min Lookback 
Value/Capped Max Lookback 
Value/Capped Min Lookback 
Value is selected, otherwise 
delete this provision) 
[⚫]/[Each [Common ]Scheduled Trading Day beginning 
on (and including) [date] and ending on (but excluding) 
[date]] [subject to adjustment in accordance with 
[Condition 9.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates and 
Averaging 
Dates)]140/[Condition 
13.1 
(Market 
Disruption, 
Reference 
Dates 
and 
Averaging 
Dates)]141/[Condition 
15.1 
(Market 
Disruption, 
Reference Dates and Averaging Dates)]142] 
 
• Floor Value: 
(specify 
if 
Floored 
Max 
Lookback Value/Floored Min 
Lookback 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, otherwise delete this 
provision)) 
[⚫] 
 
• Global Floor Value: 
(specify if Globally Floored 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
• Cap Value: 
(specify 
if 
Capped 
Max 
Lookback Value/Capped Min 
Lookback 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, otherwise delete this 
provision) 
[⚫] 
 
• Global Cap Value: 
(specify if Globally Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
(x) 
Value Determination 
Terms 
for 
PIDD 
Reference Value as of 
each 
Interest 
Determination Date: 
[Not 
Applicable]/[Spot 
Value]/[Opening 
Value]/[Closing 
Value]/[Floored 
Lookback 
Value]/[Capped Lookback Value]/[Globally Floored 
Lookback 
Value]/[Globally 
Capped 
Lookback 
Value]/[Average 
Value]/[Min 
Value]/[Max 
Value]/[Floored 
Min 
Value]/[Capped 
Max 
Value]/[Individually 
Floored 
Average 
 
140 
Insert language where the Securities are Share Basket Securities, Index Basket Securities or ETF Basket Securities 
141 
Insert language where the Securities are Fund Basket Securities  
142 
Insert language where the Securities are Futures Contract Basket Securities

--- Page 613 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
613 
 
 
(Section 
4 
of 
the 
Additional Conditions) 
Value]/[Individually Capped Average Value]/[Globally 
Floored Average Value]/[Globally Capped Average 
Value] 
 
 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(Specify if "Cliquet Performance" is selected otherwise 
specify as Not Applicable) 
 
• Reference Month: 
(specify 
if 
Securities 
are 
Inflation-Linked 
Securities 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
• Basic Value Determination 
Terms: 
(specify 
if 
Max 
Lookback 
Value/Min 
Lookback 
Value/Floored Max Lookback 
Value/Floored Min Lookback 
Value/Capped Max Lookback 
Value/Capped Min Lookback 
Value/Average 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Capped Average Value/Globally 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Globally Capped Average 
Value is selected otherwise 
delete this provision) 
[Spot 
Value]/[Intraday 
Value]/[Opening 
Value]/[Closing Value] 
 
• Averaging Dates in relation 
to each Interest 
Determination Date: 
(specify 
if 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Globally 
Floored 
Average Value/Globally Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫]  in respect of the Interest Determination Date falling 
on [date] [, 
[⚫] in respect of the Interest Determination Date falling 
on [date] and 
[⚫] in respect of the Interest Determination Date falling 
on [date] 
 
• Averaging Date Disruption: 
(For Equity-Linked Securities or 
Futures-Contract 
Linked 
Securities 
only, 
specify 
if 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Globally 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Globally Capped Average 
Value is selected, otherwise (and 
if not an Equity-Linked Security 
or a Futures Contract-Linked 
Security) delete this provision) 
[Omission]/[Postponement]/[Modified Postponement]

--- Page 614 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
614 
 
 
• Value Observation Dates in 
relation to each Interest 
Determination Date: 
(specify 
if 
Max 
Lookback 
Value/Min 
Lookback 
Value/Floored Max Lookback 
Value/Floored Min Lookback 
Value/Capped Max Lookback 
Value/Capped Min Lookback 
Value is selected, otherwise 
delete this provision) 
[⚫]/[Each [Common ]Scheduled Trading Day beginning 
on (and including) [date] and ending on (but excluding) 
[date]] [in respect of the Interest Determination Date 
falling on [date] [subject to adjustment in accordance 
with [Condition 9.1 (Market Disruption, Reference 
Dates and Averaging Dates)]143/[Condition 13.1 
(Market Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging 
Dates)]144/[Condition 
15.1 
(Market 
Disruption, 
Reference Dates and Averaging Dates)]145] [, 
[⚫]/[Each [Common ]Scheduled Trading Day beginning 
on (and including) [date] and ending on (but excluding) 
[date]] [in respect of the Interest Determination Date 
falling on [date] [subject to adjustment in accordance 
with [Condition 9.1 (Market Disruption, Reference 
Dates and Averaging Dates)]146/[Condition 13.1 
(Market Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging 
Dates)]147/[Condition 
15.1 
(Market 
Disruption, 
Reference Dates and Averaging Dates)]148]…. and 
[⚫]/[Each [Common ]Scheduled Trading Day beginning 
on (and including) [date] and ending on (but excluding) 
[date]] [in respect of the Interest Determination Date 
falling on [date] [subject to adjustment in accordance 
with [Condition 9.1 (Market Disruption, Reference 
Dates and Averaging Dates)]149/[Condition 13.1 
(Market Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging 
Dates)]150/[Condition 
15.1 
(Market 
Disruption, 
Reference Dates and Averaging Dates)]151] 
 
• Floor Value: 
(specify 
if 
Floored 
Max 
Lookback Value/Floored Min 
Lookback 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, otherwise delete this 
provision)) 
[⚫] 
 
• Global Floor Value: 
(specify if Globally Floored 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
• Cap Value: 
(specify 
if 
Capped 
Max 
Lookback Value/Capped Min 
[⚫] 
 
143 
Insert language where the Securities are Share Basket Securities, Index Basket Securities or ETF Basket Securities 
144 
Insert language where the Securities are Fund Basket Securities  
145 
Insert language where the Securities are Futures Contract Basket Securities  
146 
Insert language where the Securities are Share Basket Securities, Index Basket Securities or ETF Basket Securities 
147 
Insert language where the Securities are Fund Basket Securities  
148 
Insert language where the Securities are Futures Contract Basket Securities  
149 
Insert language where the Securities are Share Basket Securities, Index Basket Securities or ETF Basket Securities 
150 
Insert language where the Securities are Fund Basket Securities  
151 
Insert language where the Securities are Futures Contract Basket Securities

--- Page 615 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
615 
 
Lookback 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, otherwise delete this 
provision) 
 
• Global Cap Value: 
(specify if Globally Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
(II) 
Performance 
Determination 
Terms for Securities linked to 
a Relevant Underlying which 
is a Basket: 
(for 
determining 
"Relevant 
Underlying Performance") 
(Section 5 of the Additional 
Conditions) 
[Not 
Applicable]/[Selected 
Average 
Basic 
Performance]/[Selected 
Cliquet 
Average 
Performance]/[Selected Average Individually Capped 
Performance]/[Selected Average Individually Floored 
Performance]/[Selected Average Individually Capped & 
Floored 
Performance]/[Selected 
Average 
Global 
Capped 
Performance]/[Selected 
Average 
Global 
Floored 
Performance]/[Selected 
Average 
Global 
Capped & Floored Performance]/[Selected Absolute 
Average 
Basic 
Performance]/[Selected 
Absolute 
Average Individually Capped Performance]/[Selected 
Absolute 
Average 
Individually 
Floored 
Performance]/[Selected Absolute Average Individually 
Capped & Floored Performance]/[Selected Absolute 
Average 
Global 
Capped 
Performance]/[Selected 
Absolute 
Average 
Global 
Floored 
Performance]/[Selected 
Absolute 
Average 
Global 
Capped & Floored Performance]/[Best of –Weighted 
Average Performance]/[Worst of –Weighted Average 
Performance]/[Selection 
of 
–Weighted 
Average 
Performance]/[Selected Equally Weighted Average 
OTM Performance]/[Selected Non-Equally Weighted 
Average OTM Performance]/[Selected Average Top 
Rank Performance] 
 
 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Performance Rate: 
[⚫] per cent. 
 
(ii) 
Strike: 
(specify 
if 
Selected 
Average 
Basic 
Performance 
is 
specified 
otherwise 
specify 
"Not 
Applicable") 
[⚫]/[1]/[Not Applicable] (Bloomberg Code [●]) 
 
(iii) 
Default Performance: 
[Not Applicable]/[[⚫] [per cent.] [of the Initial 
Reference Value]]  
[OR] 
 
 
(specify 
if 
Selected 
Average 
Top 
Rank 
Performance 
is 
specified 
otherwise 
specify 
"Not 
Applicable") 
Basket Component 
Default 
Performance 
[⚫] 
(repeat as required) 
[[⚫] [per cent.] [of 
the Initial Reference 
Value]]

--- Page 616 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
616 
 
(repeat as required) 
 
(iv) 
OTM Rate: 
[Not Applicable]/[⚫] per cent.  
[OR] 
 
 
(specify 
if 
Selected 
Equally Weighted Average OTM 
Performance/Selected 
Non-
Equally Weighted Average OTM 
Performance 
is 
specified, 
otherwise 
specify 
"Not 
Applicable") 
Basket Component 
OTM Rate 
[⚫] 
(repeat as required) 
[⚫] per cent. 
(repeat as required) 
 
(v) 
Cap: 
[Not Applicable]/[⚫]  
[OR] 
 
 
(specify 
if 
Selected 
Average 
Individually 
Capped 
Performance/Selected 
Average 
Individually 
Capped 
& 
Floored 
Performance/Selected 
Average 
Global 
Capped 
Performance 
/Selected 
Average 
Global 
Capped 
& 
Floored 
Performance/Selected 
Absolute 
Average 
Individually 
Capped 
Performance/Selected 
Absolute 
Average 
Individually Capped & 
Floored 
Performance/Selected 
Absolute 
Average 
Global 
Capped 
Performance/Selected 
Absolute 
Average 
Global 
Capped 
& 
Floored Performance 
is selected, otherwise 
specify 
"Not 
Applicable") 
Basket Component 
Cap 
[⚫] 
(repeat as required) 
[⚫] 
(repeat as required) 
 
 
 
(vi) 
Floor: 
[Not Applicable]/[⚫]  
[OR] 
 
 
(specify 
if 
Selected 
Average 
Individually 
Floored 
Performance/Selected 
Average 
Individually 
Capped 
& 
Floored 
Performance/Selected 
Average 
Global 
Floored 
Basket Component 
Floor 
[⚫] 
(repeat as required) 
[⚫] 
(repeat as required)

--- Page 617 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
617 
 
Performance/Selected 
Average 
Global 
Capped 
& 
Floored 
Performance/Selected 
Absolute 
Average 
Individually 
Floored 
Performance/Selected 
Absolute 
Average 
Individually Capped & 
Floored 
Performance/Selected 
Absolute 
Average 
Global 
Floored 
Performance/Selected 
Absolute 
Average 
Global 
Capped 
& 
Floored Performance 
is selected, otherwise 
specify 
"Not 
Applicable") 
 
(vii) 
Selected 
Basket 
Components: 
[For the purposes of determining the Selected Basket 
Component, 
"J" 
= 
[number], 
[number]… 
and 
[number]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
[insert number assigned to "J", where "J" is a number 
from 1 to N denoting one of the Basket Components 
numbered in order according to the respective values for 
each Basket Component determined by dividing the 
Closing Value for such Basket Component by its 
Applicable Initial Reference Value, starting with the 
Basket Component with the highest such value (Basket 
Component 1) and ending with the Basket Component 
with the lowest such value (Basket Component N), "N" 
being the total number of Basket Components] 
 
(viii) 
Relevant Weighting or 
"Wi": 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable]  
[OR] 
 
 
(specify if Best of – Non 
Equally 
Weighted 
Average 
Performance/Worst of 
– 
Non 
Equally 
Weighted 
Average 
Performance/Selection 
of 
- 
Non 
Equally 
Weighted 
Average 
Performance/Selected 
Non-Equally Weighted 
Average 
OTM 
Performance 
is 
selected, 
otherwise 
specify 
"Not 
Applicable") 
Basket Component 
Wi 
[⚫] 
(repeat as required) 
[⚫] 
(repeat as required) 
 
(ix) 
Initial 
Reference 
Value: 
[⚫]/[Determined in accordance with the Value 
Determination Terms specified below]

--- Page 618 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
618 
 
 
• Initial Reference Value 
Determination Date(s): 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable]  
 
 
• Specified Percentage: 
[[⚫] per cent.]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(x) 
Value Determination 
Terms 
for 
Initial 
Reference Value: 
 
(Section 
4 
of 
the 
Additional Conditions) 
[Not 
Applicable]/[Spot 
Value]/[Intraday 
Value]/[Opening 
Value]/[Closing 
Value]/[Max 
Lookback Value]/[Min Lookback Value]/[Floored Max 
Lookback 
Value]/[Floored 
Min 
Lookback 
Value]/[Capped Max Lookback Value]/[Capped Min 
Lookback 
Value]/[Average 
Value]/[Individually 
Floored Average Value]/[Individually Capped Average 
Value]/[Globally Floored Average Value]/[Globally 
Capped Average Value] 
 
 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
• Initial Reference Value 
Determination Date(s): 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
• Reference Month: 
(specify 
if 
Securities 
are 
Inflation-Linked 
Securities 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
• Basic Value Determination 
Terms: 
(specify 
if 
Max 
Lookback 
Value/Min 
Lookback 
Value/Floored Max Lookback 
Value/Floored Min Lookback 
Value/Capped Max Lookback 
Value/Capped Min Lookback 
Value/Average 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Capped Average Value/Globally 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Globally Capped Average 
Value is selected otherwise 
delete this provision) 
[Spot 
Value]/[Intraday 
Value]/[Opening 
Value]/[Closing Value] 
 
• Averaging Dates in relation 
to Strike Date: 
(specify 
if 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Globally 
Floored 
Average Value/Globally Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
• Averaging Date Disruption: 
[Omission]/[Postponement]/[Modified Postponement]

--- Page 619 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
619 
 
(For Equity-Linked Securities or 
Futures-Contract 
Linked 
Securities 
only, 
specify 
if 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Globally 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Globally Capped Average 
Value is selected, otherwise (and 
if not an Equity-Linked Security 
or a Futures Contract-Linked 
Security) delete this provision) 
 
• Value Observation Dates in 
respect of Strike Date: 
(specify 
if 
Max 
Lookback 
Value/Min 
Lookback 
Value/Floored Max Lookback 
Value/Floored Min Lookback 
Value/Capped Max Lookback 
Value/Capped Min Lookback 
Value is selected, otherwise 
delete this provision) 
[⚫]/[Each [Common ]Scheduled Trading Day beginning 
on (and including) [date] and ending on (but excluding) 
[date]] [subject to adjustment in accordance with 
[Condition 9.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates and 
Averaging 
Dates)]152/[Condition 
13.1 
(Market 
Disruption, 
Reference 
Dates 
and 
Averaging 
Dates)]153/[Condition 
15.1 
(Market 
Disruption, 
Reference Dates and Averaging Dates)]154] 
 
• Floor Value: 
(specify 
if 
Floored 
Max 
Lookback Value/Floored Min 
Lookback 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, otherwise delete this 
provision)) 
[⚫] 
 
• Global Floor Value: 
(specify if Globally Floored 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
• Cap Value: 
(specify 
if 
Capped 
Max 
Lookback Value/Capped Min 
Lookback 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, otherwise delete this 
provision) 
[⚫] 
 
• Global Cap Value: 
(specify if Globally Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
152 
Insert language where the Securities are Share Basket Securities, Index Basket Securities or ETF Basket Securities 
153 
Insert language where the Securities are Fund Basket Securities  
154 
Insert language where the Securities are Futures Contract Basket Securities

--- Page 620 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
620 
 
 
(xi) 
Value Determination 
Terms 
for 
Final 
Reference Value: 
 
(Section 
4 
of 
the 
Additional Conditions) 
[Not 
Applicable]/[Spot 
Value]/[Intraday 
Value]/[Opening 
Value]/[Closing 
Value]/[Max 
Lookback Value]/[Min Lookback Value]/[Floored Max 
Lookback 
Value]/[Floored 
Min 
Lookback 
Value]/[Capped Max Lookback Value]/[Capped Min 
Lookback 
Value]/[Average 
Value]/[Individually 
Floored Average Value]/[Individually Capped Average 
Value]/[Globally Floored Average Value]/[Globally 
Capped Average Value] 
 
 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
• Reference Month: 
(specify 
if 
Securities 
are 
Inflation-Linked 
Securities 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
• Basic Value Determination 
Terms: 
(specify 
if 
Max 
Lookback 
Value/Min 
Lookback 
Value/Floored Max Lookback 
Value/Floored Min Lookback 
Value/Capped Max Lookback 
Value/Capped Min Lookback 
Value/Average 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Capped Average Value/Globally 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Globally Capped Average 
Value is selected otherwise 
delete this provision) 
[Spot 
Value]/[Intraday 
Value]/[Opening 
Value]/[Closing Value] 
 
• Averaging Dates in relation 
to Determination Date: 
(specify 
if 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Globally 
Floored 
Average Value/Globally Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
• Averaging Date Disruption: 
(For Equity-Linked Securities or 
Futures-Contract 
Linked 
Securities 
only, 
specify 
if 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Globally 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Globally Capped Average 
Value is selected, otherwise (and 
[Omission]/[Postponement]/[Modified Postponement]

--- Page 621 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
621 
 
if not an Equity-Linked Security 
or a Futures Contract-Linked 
Security) delete this provision) 
 
• Value Observation Dates in 
respect of the Determination 
Date: 
(specify 
if 
Max 
Lookback 
Value/Min 
Lookback 
Value/Floored Max Lookback 
Value/Floored Min Lookback 
Value/Capped Max Lookback 
Value/Capped Min Lookback 
Value is selected, otherwise 
delete this provision) 
[⚫]/[Each [Common ]Scheduled Trading Day beginning 
on (and including) [date] and ending on (but excluding) 
[date]] [subject to adjustment in accordance with 
[Condition 9.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates and 
Averaging 
Dates)]155/[Condition 
13.1 
(Market 
Disruption, 
Reference 
Dates 
and 
Averaging 
Dates)]156/[Condition 
15.1 
(Market 
Disruption, 
Reference Dates and Averaging Dates)]157] 
 
• Floor Value: 
(specify 
if 
Floored 
Max 
Lookback Value/Floored Min 
Lookback 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, otherwise delete this 
provision)) 
[⚫] 
 
• Global Floor Value: 
(specify if Globally Floored 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
• Cap Value: 
(specify 
if 
Capped 
Max 
Lookback Value/Capped Min 
Lookback 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, otherwise delete this 
provision) 
[⚫] 
 
• Global Cap Value: 
(specify if Globally Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
(xii) 
Value Determination 
Terms 
for 
PIDD 
Reference Value as of 
each 
Interest 
Determination Date: 
 
(Section 
4 
of 
the 
Additional Conditions) 
[Not 
Applicable]/[Spot 
Value]/[Intraday 
Value]/[Opening 
Value]/[Closing 
Value]/[Max 
Lookback Value]/[Min Lookback Value]/[Floored Max 
Lookback 
Value]/[Floored 
Min 
Lookback 
Value]/[Capped Max Lookback Value]/[Capped Min 
Lookback 
Value]/[Average 
Value]/[Individually 
Floored Average Value]/[Individually Capped Average 
Value]/[Globally Floored Average Value]/[Globally 
Capped Average Value] 
 
155 
Insert language where the Securities are Share Basket Securities, Index Basket Securities or ETF Basket Securities 
156 
Insert language where the Securities are Fund Basket Securities  
157 
Insert language where the Securities are Futures Contract Basket Securities

--- Page 622 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
622 
 
 
 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(Specify if "Cliquet Performance" is selected otherwise 
specify as Not Applicable) 
 
• Reference Month: 
(specify 
if 
Securities 
are 
Inflation-Linked 
Securities 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
• Basic Value Determination 
Terms: 
(specify 
if 
Max 
Lookback 
Value/Min 
Lookback 
Value/Floored Max Lookback 
Value/Floored Min Lookback 
Value/Capped Max Lookback 
Value/Capped Min Lookback 
Value/Average 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Capped Average Value/Globally 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Globally Capped Average 
Value is selected otherwise 
delete this provision) 
[Spot 
Value]/[Intraday 
Value]/[Opening 
Value]/[Closing Value] 
 
• Averaging Dates in relation 
to each Interest 
Determination Date: 
(specify 
if 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Globally 
Floored 
Average Value/Globally Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫] in respect of the Interest Determination Date falling 
on [date][, 
[⚫] in respect of the Interest Determination Date falling 
on [date]…. and 
[⚫] in respect of the Interest Determination Date falling 
on [date]] 
 
• Averaging Date Disruption: 
(For Equity-Linked Securities or 
Futures-Contract 
Linked 
Securities 
only, 
specify 
if 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Globally 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Globally Capped Average 
Value is selected, otherwise (and 
if not an Equity-Linked Security 
or a Futures Contract-Linked 
Security) delete this provision) 
[Omission]/[Postponement]/[Modified Postponement]

--- Page 623 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
623 
 
 
• Value Observation Dates in 
respect of each Interest 
Determination Date: 
(specify 
if 
Max 
Lookback 
Value/Min 
Lookback 
Value/Floored Max Lookback 
Value/Floored Min Lookback 
Value/Capped Max Lookback 
Value/Capped Min Lookback 
Value is selected, otherwise 
delete this provision) 
[⚫]/[Each [Common ]Scheduled Trading Day beginning 
on (and including) [date] and ending on (but excluding) 
[date]] in respect of the Interest Determination Date 
falling on [date] [subject to adjustment in accordance 
with [Condition 9.1 (Market Disruption, Reference 
Dates and Averaging Dates)]158/[Condition 13.1 
(Market Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging 
Dates)]159/[Condition 
15.1 
(Market 
Disruption, 
Reference Dates and Averaging Dates)]160] [, 
[⚫]/[Each [Common ]Scheduled Trading Day beginning 
on (and including) [date] and ending on (but excluding) 
[date]] in respect of the Interest Determination Date 
falling on [date] [subject to adjustment in accordance 
with [Condition 9.1 (Market Disruption, Reference 
Dates and Averaging Dates)]161/[Condition 13.1 
(Market Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging 
Dates)]162/[Condition 
15.1 
(Market 
Disruption, 
Reference Dates and Averaging Dates)]163] and 
[⚫]/[Each [Common ]Scheduled Trading Day beginning 
on (and including) [date] and ending on (but excluding) 
[date]] in respect of the Interest Determination Date 
falling on [date]] [subject to adjustment in accordance 
with [Condition 9.1 (Market Disruption, Reference 
Dates and Averaging Dates)]164/[Condition 13.1 
(Market Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging 
Dates)]165/[Condition 
15.1 
(Market 
Disruption, 
Reference Dates and Averaging Dates)]166] 
 
• Floor Value: 
(specify 
if 
Floored 
Max 
Lookback Value/Floored Min 
Lookback 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, otherwise delete this 
provision)) 
[⚫] 
 
• Global Floor Value: 
(specify if Globally Floored 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
• Cap Value: 
(specify 
if 
Capped 
Max 
Lookback Value/Capped Min 
[⚫] 
 
158 
Insert language where the Securities are Share Basket Securities, Index Basket Securities or ETF Basket Securities 
159 
Insert language where the Securities are Fund Basket Securities  
160 
Insert language where the Securities are Futures Contract Basket Securities  
161 
Insert language where the Securities are Share Basket Securities, Index Basket Securities or ETF Basket Securities 
162 
Insert language where the Securities are Fund Basket Securities  
163 
Insert language where the Securities are Futures Contract Basket Securities  
164 
Insert language where the Securities are Share Basket Securities, Index Basket Securities or ETF Basket Securities 
165 
Insert language where the Securities are Fund Basket Securities  
166 
Insert language where the Securities are Futures Contract Basket Securities

--- Page 624 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
624 
 
Lookback 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, otherwise delete this 
provision) 
 
• Global Cap Value: 
(specify if Globally Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
 
26. 
Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(General Condition 16.5) 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
 
(i) 
Call Option Date(s): 
[⚫] 
 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption 
Date(s) (Call): 
[⚫] 
 
 
(iii) 
Participation Rate 
(Call) for determining 
the Optional 
Redemption Amount 
(Call): 
[[⚫] per cent. [in respect of [⚫]]] (repeat as required)/[100 
per cent.] 
 
 
(iv) 
Optional Redemption 
in part only: 
[Applicable. Redemption will be effected in accordance 
with sub-clause [(a)/(b)/(c)] of General Condition 16.7 
(Partial Redemption)]/[Not Applicable] 
(delete as appropriate) 
 
 
(v) 
Maximum 
Notice 
Number of Day(s): 
[⚫] [calendar day[s]]/[Business Day[s]] 
 
 
(vi) 
Minimum 
Notice 
Number of Day(s): 
[⚫] [calendar day[s]]/[Business Day[s]] 
 
27. 
Put Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(General Condition 16.7) 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
 
(i) 
Put Option Exercise 
Date: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(ii) 
Put Option Exercise 
Period: 
[From (and including) [⚫] to (but excluding) [⚫]]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
(iii) 
Optional Redemption 
Date(s) (Put): 
[⚫]/[Any date after the Put Option Exercise Date]/[Any 
date falling in the Put Option Exercise Period] 
 
 
(iv) 
Participation Rate 
(Put) for determining 
the Optional 
[[⚫] per cent.]/[100 per cent.]

--- Page 625 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
625 
 
Redemption Amount 
(Put): 
 
(v) 
Notice period: 
[⚫] 
 
28. 
Final Redemption Amount of 
each Security 
[[⚫] per Calculation Amount]/[As determined in 
accordance with [Sub-Section III (Redemption at 
Maturity) of Section 2 of the Additional Conditions and 
paragraph 30 (Linked Redemption Provisions: Final 
Redemption Amount) below] 
 
 
(General Condition 16.1) 
 
 
 
(i) 
Final Bonus: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(ii) 
Final Bonus Amount: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
29. 
Linked Redemption 
Provisions: Relevant 
Underlying 
 
 
 
(General Conditions 9 and 16) 
 
 
(A) 
Equity-Linked Redemption 
Securities: Single Share-
Linked Redemption 
Securities/Share Basket-
Linked Redemption 
Securities: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(General Condition 9) 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
 
(i) 
Whether the Securities 
relate to a single share 
or a basket of shares 
(each, a "Share"): 
[Single Share-Linked Redemption Securities]/[Share 
Basket-Linked Redemption Securities] 
 
 
 
(if Single Share-Linked Redemption Securities, delete (a) 
below) 
 
 
(a) Scheduled Trading 
Days 
and 
Disrupted 
Days: 
[Common Scheduled Trading Days and Common 
Disrupted Days: Applicable] 
[Individual Scheduled Trading Days and Individual 
Disrupted Days: Applicable] 
[Common Scheduled Trading Days and Individual 
Disrupted Days: Applicable] 
(select one as appropriate and delete other two)  
 
 
(ii) 
The identity of the 
relevant 
issuer(s) 
(each an "Underlying 
Issuer"), class of the 
Share and ISINs or 
other 
security 
identification code for 
the Share: 
(a) 
Share/Shares: [⚫](ISIN: [•]) (Bloomberg code 
[•]) (repeat as required)) 
(b) 
Share Issuer(s): [⚫] (repeat as required)) 
(insert (c) and (d) below for ADRs/GDRs)  
[(c) 
Underlying 
Share/Shares: 
(ISIN: 
[⚫]) 
(Bloomberg code [•])  (repeat as required)

--- Page 626 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
626 
 
(d) 
Underlying Share Issuer(s): [⚫] (repeat as 
required)] 
 
(iii) 
Partial 
Lookthrough 
ADR Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(iv) 
Full 
Lookthrough 
ADR Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(v) 
Exchange(s): 
[⚫] (Specify)/As specified in General Condition 9.9 
(Definitions applicable to Equity-Linked Securities) 
 
 
(vi) 
Related Exchange(s): 
[⚫]/[All Exchanges] 
 
 
 
[OR] 
 
 
 
Share 
Related Exchange(s) 
 
[⚫] 
(repeat 
as 
required) 
[⚫]/[All Exchanges] 
(repeat as required) 
 
(vii) 
Determination Agent 
responsible 
for 
calculating the Final 
Redemption Amount: 
[⚫]/[Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc] 
 
 
(viii) Determination Time: 
[⚫]/As per General Condition 9.9  
 
 
(ix) 
Additional Disruption 
Event(s): 
(General Condition 9.6) 
[[Change in Law] [,/and] [Hedging Disruption] [,/and] 
[Loss of Stock Borrow] [,/and] [Increased Cost of 
Hedging] [,/and] [Insolvency Filing] shall apply]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(delete any which are not applicable) 
 
 
(x) 
Correction Cut Off 
Time: 
(General 
Condition 
9.3(b)) 
[⚫]/within one Settlement Cycle after the original 
publication and prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date 
 
 
(xi) 
Weighting for each 
Share comprising the 
Basket: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
[OR] 
 
 
 
Share 
Weighting 
 
[⚫] 
(repeat 
as 
required) 
[⚫] [per cent.] 
(repeat as required) 
(B) 
Equity-Linked Redemption 
Securities: Single Index-
Linked Redemption 
Securities/Index Basket-
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 627 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
627 
 
Linked Redemption 
Securities: 
 
(General Condition 9) 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
 
(i) 
Types of Securities: 
[Single Index-Linked Redemption Securities]/[Index 
Basket-Linked Redemption Securities] 
 
 
 
(if Single Index-Linked Redemption Securities, delete (a) 
below) 
 
 
(a) Scheduled Trading 
Days and Disrupted 
Days: 
[Common Scheduled Trading Days and Common 
Disrupted Days: Applicable] 
[Individual Scheduled Trading Days and Individual 
Disrupted Days: Applicable] 
[Common Scheduled Trading Days and Individual 
Disrupted Days: Applicable] 
(select one as appropriate and delete other two)  
 
 
(ii) 
Index/Indices: 
[⚫] (Specify Index that is not a Proprietary Index, if 
applicable) [, which is a Multi-Exchange Index]; 
(Bloomberg Code [⚫])  
[[MS Dynamic Fund Allocation Index]/[MS Dynamic 
Fund Allocation Series 2 Index]/[MS Dynamic Fund 
Allocation Series 3 Index]/[MS Dynamic Fund Allocation 
Series 4 Index], which is a Proprietary Index. The Index 
Fee with respect to the Index is [⚫]. 
A description of the Index for the purposes of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 is set 
out in the section of the Base Prospectus titled "The MS 
Dynamic Fund Allocation Index Family";] 
(repeat as required) 
(Specify Index for Single Index-Linked Redemption 
Securities, and specify each of Indices for Index Basket-
Linked Redemption Securities) 
 
 
(iii) 
Exchange(s): 
[⚫] (Specify)/As specified in General Condition 9.9 
(Definitions applicable to Equity-Linked Securities) 
 
 
 
[OR] 
 
 
 
Index 
Exchange 
 
[⚫] 
(repeat 
as 
required) 
[⚫] 
(Specify)/As 
specified 
in 
General Condition 9.9 (Definitions 
applicable 
to 
Equity-Linked 
Securities) 
 
(iv) 
Related Exchange(s): 
[⚫]/[All Exchanges] 
 
 
 
[OR[ 
 
 
 
Index 
Related Exchange(s)

--- Page 628 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
628 
 
[⚫] 
(repeat 
as 
required) 
[⚫]/[All Exchanges] 
(repeat as required) 
 
(v) 
Determination Agent 
responsible for 
calculating Final 
Redemption Amount: 
[⚫]/[Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc] 
 
 
(vi) 
Determination Time: 
[⚫]/As per General Condition 9.9 
 
 
(vii) 
Benchmark Trigger 
Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(viii)  Alternative Pre-
nominated Index 
[None] [Specify] 
 
 
(ix) 
Additional Disruption 
Event(s): 
(General Condition 9.6) 
[[Change in Law] [,/and] [Hedging Disruption] [,/and] 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] [,/and] [Insolvency Filing] 
shall apply]/[Not Applicable] 
(delete any which are not applicable) 
 
 
(x) 
Correction Cut Off 
Time: 
(General Condition 
9.2(e)) 
[⚫]/within one Settlement Cycle after the original 
publication and prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date 
 
 
(xi) 
Weighting for each 
Index: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
[OR] 
 
 
 
Index 
Weighting 
 
[⚫] 
(repeat 
as 
required) 
[⚫] [per cent.] 
(repeat as required) 
(C) 
Equity-Linked Redemption 
Securities: Single ETF-
Linked Redemption 
Securities/ETF Basket-
Linked Redemption 
Securities: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(General Condition 9) 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
 
(i) 
Whether the Securities 
relate to a single ETF 
or a basket of ETFs 
(each, an "ETF 
Interest") 
[Single ETF-Linked Redemption Securities] 
[ETF Basket-Linked Redemption Securities] 
 
 
 
(if Single ETF-Linked Redemption Securities, delete (a) 
below)

--- Page 629 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
629 
 
 
(a) Scheduled Trading 
Days and 
Disrupted 
Days: 
[Common Scheduled Trading Days and Common 
Disrupted Days: Applicable] 
[Individual Scheduled Trading Days and Individual 
Disrupted Days: Applicable] 
[Common Scheduled Trading Days and Individual 
Disrupted Days: Applicable] 
(select one as appropriate and delete other two)  
 
 
(ii) 
Names of each ETF 
Interest and the 
identity of the related 
ETF: 
[⚫] (specify ETF Interest(s) and ETF(s)), (Bloomberg 
Code [⚫]) 
(repeat as required) 
 
 
(iii) 
Exchange(s): 
[⚫] (Specify)/As specified in General Condition 9.9 
(Definitions applicable to Equity-Linked Securities) 
 
 
(iv) 
Related Exchange(s): 
[⚫]/[All Exchanges] 
 
 
 
[OR] 
 
 
 
Index 
Related Exchange(s) 
 
[⚫] 
(repeat 
as 
required) 
[⚫]/[All Exchanges] 
(repeat as required) 
 
(v) 
Determination Agent 
responsible for 
calculating the Final 
Redemption Amount: 
[⚫]/[Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc] 
 
 
(vi) 
Determination Time: 
[⚫] As per General Condition 9.9 
 
 
(vii) 
Additional Disruption 
Event(s): 
(General Condition 9.6) 
[[Change in Law] [,/and] [Hedging Disruption] [,/and] 
[Loss of Stock Borrow] [,/and] [Increased Cost of 
Hedging] [,/and] [Insolvency Filing] shall apply]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(delete any which are not applicable) 
 
 
(viii) 
Correction Cut Off 
Time: 
(General Condition 
9.3(b)) 
[⚫]/within one Settlement Cycle after the original 
publication and prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date 
 
 
(ix) 
Eligible ETF Interest: 
[⚫] (specify or delete if Not Applicable or fallback 
provisions in General Condition 9.5 apply.) 
 
 
(x) 
Weighting for each 
ETF Interest 
comprising the basket: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
[OR] 
 
 
 
ETF Interest 
Weighting

--- Page 630 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
630 
 
[⚫] 
(repeat 
as 
required) 
[⚫] [per cent.] 
(repeat as required) 
(D) 
Commodity-Linked 
Redemption Securities 
(General Condition 10) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
 
(i) 
Commodity/ies 
or 
Commodity 
Index/Indices: 
[⚫] [if applicable, specify whether Non Metal, Base Metal 
or Precious Metal] 
 
 
(ii) 
Commodity Reference 
Price: 
[specify 
Commodity 
Reference 
Price]/[Commodity 
Reference Dealers] 
 
 
(iii) 
Delivery Date: 
[⚫] 
(Delivery Date shall always be Pricing date where the 
Commodity Reference Price is GOLD-P.M.-FIX) 
 
 
(iv) 
Pricing  Date: 
[specify any date other than an Interest Determination 
Date, Determination Date, Barrier Observation Date, 
Final Redemption Barrier Observation Date, Commodity 
Business Day in any Barrier Observation Period and 
Value Observation Date which is intended to be a Pricing 
Date] 
 
 
(v) 
Price Source: 
[⚫] 
 
 
(vi) 
Commodity Specified 
Price: 
[High Price]/[Low Price]/[Average of High Price and 
Low 
Price]/[Closing 
Price]/[Commodity 
Opening 
Price]/[Commodity Closing Price]/[Bid Price]/[Asked 
Price]/[Average 
of 
Bid 
Price 
and 
Asked 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Official 
Settlement 
Price]/[Official 
Price]/[Morning 
Fixing]/[Afternoon 
Fixing]/[Spot Price]/[Official Cash Offer Price]/[⚫] 
(Afternoon Fixing shall always apply where the 
Commodity Reference Price is GOLD-P.M.-FIX) 
 
 
(vii) 
Weighting for each 
Commodity/Commodi
ty Index comprising 
the basket: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
[OR] 
 
 
 
Commodity/Com
modity Index 
Weighting 
 
[⚫] 
(repeat 
as 
required) 
[⚫] [per cent.] 
(repeat as required) 
 
(viii) 
Determination Agent 
responsible 
for 
calculating 
Redemption Amount: 
[⚫]/[Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc]

--- Page 631 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
631 
 
 
(ix) 
Correction 
cut 
off 
time: 
(General 
Condition 
10.1) 
[⚫]/within thirty calendar days after the original 
publication or announcement 
 
 
(x) 
Commodity 
Disruption 
Events: 
(General 
Condition 
10.2) 
[Price 
Source 
Disruption]/[Trading 
Disruption]/[Disappearance of Commodity Reference 
Price]/[Material Change in Formula]/[Material Change in 
Content]/[Tax Disruption] 
 
 
(xi) 
Commodity 
Disruption Fallbacks: 
(General 
Condition 
10.3) 
[Fallback Reference Price]/[Postponement]/Commodity 
Fallback Value]/[Determination Agent Determination] 
[[Fallback Reference Price] applies in relation to [Price 
Source Disruption]/[Trading Disruption]/[Disappearance 
of Commodity Reference Price]/[Material Change in 
Formula]/[Material Change in Content]/[Tax Disruption]] 
[[Postponement] applies in relation to [Price Source 
Disruption]/[Trading 
Disruption]/[Disappearance 
of 
Commodity Reference Price]/[Material Change in 
Formula]/[Material Change in Content]/[Tax Disruption]] 
[[Commodity Fallback Value applies in relation to [Price 
Source Disruption]/[Trading Disruption]/[Disappearance 
of Commodity Reference Price]/[Material Change in 
Formula]/[Material Change in Content]/[Tax Disruption]] 
[[Determination Agent Determination applies in relation 
to 
[Price 
Source 
Disruption]/[Trading 
Disruption]/[Disappearance of Commodity Reference 
Price]/[Material Change in Formula]/[Material Change in 
Content]/[Tax Disruption]] 
Commodity Disruption Fallback(s) shall apply in the 
following order: 
[specify the order in which the above Commodity 
Disruption Fallbacks shall apply in relation to each 
applicable Commodity Disruption Event. For [specify 
type of Securities] Determination Agent Determination 
alone should apply] 
 
 
(xii) 
Fallback Commodity 
Reference Price: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(xiii) 
Price Materiality 
Percentage: 
[⚫] per cent./[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(xiv) 
Specified Maximum 
Days of Disruption: 
[⚫]/[3 Commodity Business Days]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(xv) 
Exchange(s): 
[⚫] 
 
 
(xvi) 
Date to be considered 
by the Determination 
Agent in order to 
determine whether a 
Commodity 
Disruption Event has 
occurred: 
[⚫]/[Pricing Date]

--- Page 632 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
632 
 
 
(xvii) 
Date to be considered 
by the Determination 
Agent in order to 
determine whether a 
Commodity 
Index 
Disruption Event has 
occurred: 
[⚫]/[Pricing Date] 
 
 
(xviii) Common Pricing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(xix) 
Benchmark 
Trigger   
Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
[[Early Redemption Amount (Administrator/Benchmark 
Event) – Fair Market Value Less Costs]/[Early 
Redemption Amount (Administrator/Benchmark Event) – 
Fair Market Value] shall apply]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
[[Early 
Redemption 
Amount 
(Commodity 
Index 
Disruption Event) – Fair Market Value Less Costs]/[Early 
Redemption Amount (Commodity Index Disruption 
Event) – Fair Market Value] shall apply]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
[[Early 
Redemption 
Amount 
(Commodity 
Index 
Adjustment 
Event) 
– 
Fair 
Market 
Value 
Less 
Costs]/[Early Redemption Amount (Commodity Index 
Adjustment Event) – Fair Market Value] shall apply]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
(xx)  Alternative Pre-nominated 
Index: 
[None] [Specify] 
 
 
(xxi) 
Additional Disruption 
Event(s): 
(General Condition 10.7) 
Change in Law – [Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
Hedging Disruption - [Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
Increased 
Cost 
of 
Hedging 
- 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
(delete any which are not applicable) 
 
(E) 
Currency-Linked 
Redemption Securities 
(General Condition 11) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
 
(i) 
Settlement 
Currency 
for Single Currency-
Linked Securities: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(ii) 
Reference 
Currency 
for Single Currency-
Linked Securities: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(iii) 
Specified Amount for 
Single 
Currency-
Linked Securities: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(iv) 
Reference 
Currency 
Jurisdiction for Single 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 633 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
633 
 
Currency-Linked 
Securities: 
 
(v) 
Settlement Currencies, 
Reference Currencies, 
Specified 
Amounts 
and 
Reference 
Currency Jurisdiction 
for Currency Basket-
Linked Securities 
[Not Applicable]/ 
Settlement 
Currency 
Reference 
Currency 
Specified 
Amount 
Reference 
Currency 
Jurisdiction 
[•] 
(repeat 
as 
required) 
[•] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[•] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[•] 
(repeat 
as 
required) 
 
(vi) 
Specified Rate: 
Specify one of: 
 
 
 
[Reference Currency bid exchange rate;] 
[Reference Currency offer exchange rate;] 
[Average of Reference Currency bid and offer exchange 
rates;] 
 
 
 
[Settlement Currency bid exchange rate;] 
[Settlement Currency offer exchange rate;] 
[Average of Settlement Currency bid and offer exchange 
rates;] 
[Official fixing rate;] 
 
 
(vii) 
Determination Agent 
responsible 
for 
calculating the Final 
Redemption Amount: 
[⚫]/[Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc] 
 
 
(viii) 
Settlement Rate 
Option: 
[Currency Reference Dealers]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(ix) 
Currency Disruption 
Events: 
[[Price Source Disruption[is]/[is not] Applicable] [and] 
[Additional Price Source Disruption][,/and] [Price 
Materiality Event] [is]/[are] [applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
[in respect of all dates]/[in respect of [insert dates, for 
example, Observation Date]] 
 
 
(x) 
Currency Disruption 
Fallbacks: 
Currency 
Disruption 
Event 
Currency Disruption Fallback 
Price 
Source 
Disruption 
[Not Applicable]/OR  
[insert the following if only one 
Currency 
Disruption 
Fallback 
applies: 
[Determination 
Agent 
Determination of Settlement Rate] 
[OR] [Fallback Reference Price]] 
[insert the following if multiple 
Currency Disruption Fallbacks 
apply:

--- Page 634 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
634 
 
[Currency Disruption Fallback(s) 
shall apply in the following order: 
[(i) 
Determination 
Agent 
Determination 
of 
Settlement Rate; 
(ii) 
Fallback Reference Price.] 
[OR] 
[(i) 
Fallback Reference Price; 
(ii) 
Determination 
Agent 
Determination 
of 
Settlement 
Rate.]] 
Additional Price 
Source 
Disruption 
[Not Applicable]/OR  
[insert the following if only one 
Currency 
Disruption 
Fallback 
applies: 
[Determination 
Agent 
Determination of Settlement Rate] 
[OR] [Fallback Reference Price]] 
[insert the following if multiple 
Currency Disruption Fallbacks 
apply: 
[Currency Disruption Fallback(s) 
shall apply in the following order: 
[(i) 
Determination 
Agent 
Determination 
of 
Settlement Rate; 
(ii) 
Fallback Reference Price.] 
[OR] 
[(i) 
Fallback Reference Price; 
(ii) 
Determination 
Agent 
Determination 
of 
Settlement 
Rate.]] 
Price Materiality 
Event 
[Not Applicable]/OR  
[insert the following if only one 
Currency 
Disruption 
Fallback 
applies: 
[Determination 
Agent 
Determination of Settlement Rate] 
[OR] [Fallback Reference Price]] 
[insert the following if multiple 
Currency Disruption Fallbacks 
apply: 
[Currency Disruption Fallback(s) 
shall apply in the following order: 
[(i) 
Determination 
Agent 
Determination 
of 
Settlement Rate;

--- Page 635 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
635 
 
(ii) 
Fallback Reference Price.] 
[OR] 
[(i) 
Fallback Reference Price; 
(ii) 
Determination 
Agent 
Determination 
of 
Settlement 
Rate.]] 
 
(xi) 
Price Materiality 
Percentage: 
[[⚫] per cent./Not Applicable] 
 
 
(xii) 
Reference Source: 
[[⚫]/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(xiii) 
Early Redemption 
Amount 
(Administrator/Bench
mark Event) – Fair 
Market Value Less 
Costs:  
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(xiv) 
Early Redemption 
Amount 
(Administrator/Bench
mark Event) – Fair 
Market Value:  
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(xv) 
Relevant FX 
Benchmark:  
[As per Condition 11.8 (Definitions applicable to 
Currency-Linked Securities)]/[other: specify] 
 
 
(xvi) 
Additional Disruption 
Events 
(General Condition 11.6) 
Change in Law – [Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
Hedging Disruption - [Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
Increased 
Cost 
of 
Hedging 
- 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(delete any which are not applicable) 
 
(F) 
Inflation-Linked Redemption 
Provisions 
(General Condition 12) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
 
(i) 
Inflation 
Index/Inflation 
Indices: 
[⚫][UDI Fixing] (Note – for issuances of Securities to 
retail investors, "UDI Fixing" may not be specified) 
 
 
(ii) 
Inflation 
Index 
Sponsor(s): 
[⚫][Central Bank of the United Mexican States (Banco de 
México)] 
 
 
(iii) 
Determination Agent 
responsible 
for 
calculating 
Redemption Amount: 
[⚫]/[Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc] 
 
 
(iv) 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount 
(Inflation 
Index 
Cessation) 
– 
Fair 
Market 
Value 
Less Costs:  
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(Not Applicable where the Inflation Index is UDI Fixing)

--- Page 636 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
636 
 
 
(v) 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount 
(Inflation 
Index 
Cessation) 
– 
Fair Market Value:  
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(Not Applicable where the Inflation Index is UDI Fixing) 
 
 
(vi) 
Additional Disruption 
Event(s):  
(General Condition 12.8) 
[[Change in Law] [,/and] [Hedging Disruption] [,/and] 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] shall apply]/[Not Applicable] 
(delete any which are not applicable) 
 
 
(vii) 
Index Level 
Adjustment 
Correction: 
(General 
Condition 
12.6) 
The first publication or announcement of the level of the 
Inflation Index (disregarding estimates) by the relevant 
Inflation Index Sponsor for any Reference Month shall be 
final and conclusive and, subject to this General Condition 
12, later revisions to the level of the Inflation Index for 
such Reference Month will not be used in any 
calculations/The first publication or announcement of a 
level of the Inflation Index (disregarding estimates) 
published by the relevant Index Sponsor or, if revised, any 
subsequent revision of such level for a Reference Month 
shall be final and conclusive for such Reference Month, 
provided that such revisions are published or announced 
up to and including the day that is two Business Days prior 
to the relevant Interest Payment Date][Not Applicable]. 
(Not Applicable where the Inflation Index is UDI Fixing) 
(delete as appropriate) 
 
 
(viii) Related Bond: 
[specify]/[Fallback 
Bond]/[Fallback 
Bond: 
Not 
Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(Not Applicable where the Inflation Index is UDI Fixing) 
 
 
(ix) 
Weighting for each 
Inflation Index 
comprising the basket: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
[OR] 
 
 
 
Inflation Index 
Weighting 
 
[⚫] 
(repeat 
as 
required) 
[⚫] [per cent.] 
(repeat as required) 
(G) 
Fund-Linked 
Redemption 
Provisions 
(General 13) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
 
(i) 
Fund: 
[⚫] (specify) 
 
 
(ii) 
Fund Interest: 
[⚫] (ISIN: [⚫])  (specify) 
 
 
(iii) 
Basket of Funds: 
[Not Applicable] (specify or delete if not applicable, 
include any relevant weightings of each Fund) 
 
 
 
(if Basket of Funds is Not Applicable, delete (a) below)

--- Page 637 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
637 
 
 
(a) 
Fund 
Business 
Days and Disrupted 
Days: 
[Common Fund Business Days and Common Disrupted 
Days: Applicable] 
[Individual Fund Business Days and Individual Disrupted 
Days: Applicable] 
[Common Fund Business Days and Individual Disrupted 
Days: Applicable] 
(select one as appropriate and delete other two)  
 
 
(iv) 
Cut-off Period: 
(General 
Condition 
13.1) 
[specify/As defined in General Condition 13.6] 
 
 
(v) 
Final Cut-off Date: 
[specify/Not Applicable] (if "Supplementary Provisions 
for Belgian Securities" is specified as Applicable, specify 
Not Applicable (because payment of the relevant early 
redemption amount may not extend beyond the Maturity 
Date in these circumstances)) 
 
 
(vi) 
Valuation Date(s): 
(General 
Condition 
13.4) 
[⚫] (specify or delete if not applicable or if fallback is 
applicable) 
 
 
(vii) 
Averaging Date(s): 
(General 
Condition 
13.1) 
[⚫] (specify or delete if not applicable or if fallback is 
applicable) 
 
 
(viiix) 
Determination Date(s)  
(General 
Condition 
13.1) 
[⚫] (specify or delete if not applicable or if fallback is 
applicable) 
 
 
(ix) 
Scheduled 
Redemption Valuation 
Date(s): 
[⚫] (specify or delete if not applicable or if fallback is 
applicable) 
 
 
(x) 
Redemption Notice 
Date(s): 
[⚫] (specify or delete if not applicable or if fallback is 
applicable) 
 
 
(xi) 
Reference Price: 
[Reported Net Asset Value][Redemption Proceeds] 
(specify in respect of a Fund Interest) 
 
 
(xii) 
Non-Applicable Fund 
Event(s): 
 
(General Condition 
13.4) 
The following are the not applicable Fund Events in 
relation to the Securities 
(specify all of the following which are not applicable) 
[Nationalisation;]/[Fund 
Insolvency 
Event;]/[NAV 
Trigger/Restriction 
Event;]/[Fund 
Adviser 
Event;]/[Changes 
to 
Fund 
or 
Fund 
Services 
Providers;]/[Fund 
Modification;]/[Strategy 
Breach;]/[Breach by Fund Service Provider;]/[Regulatory 
Event;]/[Reporting 
Disruption;]/[Compulsory 
Redemption or Assignment;]/[Closure to Subscriptions; 
Dealing Restrictions;]/[Disposals: Material Change: 
Merger;]/[Hedging Disruption;]/[Fraud;]/[Force Majeure 
Event;]/[Value 
Limitation;]/[Delisting;]/[Fund

--- Page 638 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
638 
 
Accounting Event;]/[Fees or Charges Event;]/[specify any 
Additional Fund Events]  
 
(xiii) 
Additional 
FundEvent(s): 
[Not Applicable] [⚫] 
(specify) 
 
 
(xiv) 
Fund Event 
Unscheduled 
Redemption 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
 
(xv) 
Successor Fund 
Interest Minimum 
Aggregate NAV: 
[Not Applicable][⚫] 
(specify) 
 
(H) 
Futures Contract-Linked 
Redemption Provisions 
(General Condition 15) 
[Applicable/ Not Applicable] (if applicable, insert 
relevant provisions) 
 
 
 
(if Single Futures Contract-Linked Securities, delete sub 
paragraph below) 
 
 
Scheduled Trading Days and 
Disrupted Days: 
[Common Scheduled Trading Days and Common 
Disrupted Days: Applicable] 
[Individual Scheduled Trading Days and Individual 
Disrupted Days: Applicable] 
[Common Scheduled Trading Days and Individual 
Disrupted Days: Applicable] 
(select one as appropriate and delete other two) 
 
 
(i) 
Determination Agent 
responsible 
for 
calculating the Final 
Redemption Amount: 
[●] 
 
 
(ii) 
Provisions 
for 
determining 
Final 
Redemption Amount: 
[●] 
 
 
(iii) 
Provisions 
for 
determining 
Final 
Redemption Amount 
where calculation by 
reference to Fund is 
impossible 
or 
impracticable 
or 
otherwise disrupted: 
[●] 
 
 
(iv) 
Specified Number of 
Scheduled 
Trading 
Days: 
[●] [As per General Condition 15.7] 
 
 
(v) 
Specified Number of 
Common 
Scheduled 
Trading Days: 
[●] [As per General Condition 15.7] 
 
 
(vi) 
Futures 
Contract 
Adjustment Events: 
[Price 
Source 
Disruption] 
[Trading 
Restriction] 
[Disappearance or Non-commencement of Futures

--- Page 639 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
639 
 
Contract or Settlement Price] [Material Change in 
Formula] [Material Change in Content] [Tax Disruption] 
[Change of Exchange] [Illiquidity Event] 
 
(vii) 
Adjustments 
for 
Futures 
Contract 
Adjustment Events: 
(Specify criteria for replacement of futures contract 
contemplated by General Condition 15.4(a)(ii), if any) 
 
 
(viii) 
Additional Disruption 
Events: 
[Change in Law] [Hedging Disruption] [Increased Cost 
of Hedging] 
 
 
(ix) 
Correction 
Cut-Off 
Time: 
[●] 
 
 
(x) 
Weighting for each 
Futures 
Contract 
comprising the Basket 
of Futures Contracts: 
[Insert details] [N/A] 
 
 
(xi) 
Averaging Date(s): 
[●] 
 
 
(xii) 
Averaging 
Date 
Disruption: 
[Omission/Postponement/Modified Postponement] 
 
 
(xiii) 
Observation Date(s): 
[●] 
 
 
(xiv) 
Valuation Date(s): 
[●] 
 
 
(xv) 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[●] 
 
30. 
Linked Redemption 
Provisions: Final 
Redemption Amount 
(General Condition 17 and Sub-
Section III (Redemption at 
Maturity) of Section 2 of the 
Additional Conditions) 
 
 
 
(i) 
Fixed Redemption 
 
(Paragraph 
3.1 
of 
Section 
2 
of 
the 
Additional 
Conditions) 
[Applicable. The Specified Rate is [⚫] per cent. 
[Minimum Coupon is Applicable. The Minimum Coupon 
Rate is [●].]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(ii) 
Capitalised 
Non-
Memory Redemption: 
 
(Paragraph 
3.2 
of 
Section 
2 
of 
the 
Additional 
Conditions) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Specified 
Rate: 
[[⚫]/[100] per cent.]

--- Page 640 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
640 
 
 
• 
Final 
Redemption 
Rate: 
[[⚫]/[100] per cent.]/[A percentage rate to be determined 
by the Determination Agent before the Issue Date and 
notified to the Securityholders not more than 15 Business 
Days thereafter by publication on [⚫] (insert website 
address), provided that such percentage rate shall be [not 
less than [⚫] per cent.] [and] [not greater than [⚫] per 
cent.]] 
 
 
(iii) 
Capitalised 
Memory 
Redemption: 
 
(Paragraph 
3.3 
of 
Section 
2 
of 
the 
Additional 
Conditions) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Specified 
Rate: 
[[⚫]/[100] per cent.] 
 
 
• 
Final 
Redemption 
Rate: 
 
[[⚫]/[100] per cent.]/[A percentage rate to be determined 
by the Determination Agent before the Issue Date and 
notified to the Securityholders not more than 15 Business 
Days thereafter by publication on [⚫] (insert website 
address), provided that such percentage rate shall be [not 
less than [⚫] per cent.] [and] [not greater than [⚫] per 
cent.]] 
 
 
(iv) 
Basic 
Performance 
Linked Redemption 1: 
 
(Paragraph 
3.4 
of 
Section 
2 
of 
the 
Additional 
Conditions) 
[Applicable.]/[Not Applicable] 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
 
• 
Physical 
Settlement: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Elections for 
Paragraph 
3.4(a) 
of 
Section 2 of 
the 
Additional 
Conditions: 
[Not Applicable]/[Capped Basic Performance-Linked 
Redemption]/[Floored 
Basic 
Performance-Linked 
Redemption]/[Collared 
Basic 
Performance-Linked 
Redemption]  
(Delete as appropriate) 
(Specify "Not Applicable" if Physical Settlement applies 
in respect of the Securities and, if Not Applicable, delete 
"Participation Rate" to "Final Redemption Floor Value" 
below.) 
 
 
• 
Participation 
Rate: 
[[Not Applicable]/[⚫]/[100] per cent.]/[A percentage rate 
to be determined by the Determination Agent before the 
Issue Date and notified to the Securityholders not more 
than 15 Business Days thereafter by publication on [⚫] 
(insert website address), provided that such percentage 
rate shall be [not less than [⚫] per cent.] [and] [not greater 
than [⚫] per cent.]] 
 
 
• 
Final 
Redemption 
Cap Value: 
[⚫] [per cent.] per Calculation Amount/[Not Applicable] 
(Specify if Capped Basic Performance Linked Redemption 
or Collared Basic Performance Linked Redemption

--- Page 641 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
641 
 
applies in respect of the Securities, otherwise specify as 
Not Applicable.) 
 
• 
Final 
Redemption 
Floor Value: 
[⚫] [per cent.] per Calculation Amount/[Not Applicable] 
(Specify 
if 
Floored 
Basic 
Performance 
Linked 
Redemption or Collared Basic Performance Linked 
Redemption applies in respect of the Securities, otherwise 
specify as Not Applicable.) 
 
 
• 
Elections for 
Paragraph 
3.4(b) 
of 
Section 2 of 
the 
Additional 
Conditions: 
[Not 
Applicable]/[Basic 
Performance-Linked 
Redemption]/[Worst-of 
Basket 
Performance-Linked 
Redemption] 
(Delete as appropriate) 
(Specify "Not Applicable" if Physical Settlement does not 
apply in respect of the Securities and, if Not Applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph.)  
 
 
• 
Underlying 
Securities: 
[specify]/[Sub-Section IV of Section 2 of the Additional 
Conditions applies] 
 
 
• 
Physical 
Settlement 
Date: 
[⚫]/[General Condition 20.5 applies.] 
 
 
• 
Clearing 
System: 
[specify in respect of each Underlying Security]/[General 
Condition 20.5 applies] 
 
 
• 
Physical 
Delivery FX 
Rate: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph.) 
 
 
• 
Physical 
Delivery FX 
Determinatio
n Date: 
[⚫] 
 
 
 
• 
Specified 
Currency: 
[⚫]  
 
 
• 
Relevant 
Screen Page 
in respect of 
Specified 
Currency: 
[⚫] 
 
 
• 
Specified 
Time 
in 
respect 
of 
Specified 
Currency: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Second 
Currency: 
[⚫] 
 
 
• 
Relevant 
Screen Page 
in respect of 
[⚫]

--- Page 642 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
642 
 
Second 
Currency: 
 
• 
Specified 
Time 
in 
respect 
of 
Second 
Currency: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Specified 
Percentage: 
[[⚫] per cent.]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(v) 
Basic 
Performance 
Linked Redemption 2: 
 
(Paragraph 
3.5 
of 
Section 
2 
of 
the 
Additional 
Conditions) 
[Applicable. 
[[Capped]/[Floored]/[Collared] 
Basic 
Performance 
Linked 
Redemption 
applies.]]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
 
• 
Participation 
Rate: 
[[Not Applicable]/[⚫]/[100] per cent.]/[A percentage rate 
to be determined by the Determination Agent before the 
Issue Date and notified to the Securityholders not more 
than 15 Business Days thereafter by publication on [⚫] 
(insert website address), provided that such percentage 
rate shall be [not less than [⚫] per cent.] [and] [not greater 
than [⚫] per cent.]] 
 
 
• 
Final 
Redemption 
Cap Value: 
[⚫] [per cent.] per Calculation Amount/[Not Applicable] 
(Specify if Capped Basic Performance Linked Redemption 
or Collared Basic Performance Linked Redemption 
applies in respect of the Securities, otherwise specify as 
Not Applicable.) 
 
 
• 
Final 
Redemption 
Floor Value: 
[⚫] [per cent.] per Calculation Amount/[Not Applicable] 
(Specify 
if 
Floored 
Basic 
Performance 
Linked 
Redemption or Collared Basic Performance Linked 
Redemption applies in respect of the Securities, otherwise 
specify as Not Applicable.) 
 
 
• 
FX Return: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Bonus 
Amount: 
[•] [per cent] of the [Initial Reference Value]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Specified 
Percentage 
[[⚫] per cent.]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(vi) 
Performance-Linked 
Redemption: 
 
(Paragraph 
3.6 
of 
Section 
2 
of 
the 
Additional 
Conditions) 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
 
• 
Strike: 
[⚫]/[1]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 643 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
643 
 
 
• 
Specified 
Percentage 1: 
[⚫] per cent. 
 
 
• 
Specified 
Percentage 2: 
[⚫] per cent. 
 
 
• 
Initial 
Reference 
Value: 
[⚫]/[Determined 
in 
accordance 
with 
the 
Value 
Determination Terms specified in paragraph [⚫] below] 
 
 
 
[OR] 
 
 
 
Basket Component 
Initial Reference Value 
 
 
 
[⚫] 
(repeat as required) 
[⚫]/[Determined 
in 
accordance 
with 
the 
Value 
Determination 
Terms 
specified 
in 
paragraph [⚫] below] 
(repeat as required) 
 
 
• 
Initial Reference 
Value 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Specified 
Percentage: 
[[⚫] per cent.]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Final 
Reference 
Value as of the 
Determination 
Date: 
Determined 
in 
accordance 
with 
the 
Value 
Determination Terms specified in paragraph [⚫] 
below. 
 
 
(vii) 
Barrier Redemption 1: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(Paragraph 
3.7 
of 
Section 
2 
of 
the 
Additional 
Conditions) 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
 
• 
Elections for 
Paragraph 
3.7(i): 
 
[Final 
Observation]/[Daily 
Observation]/[Continuous 
Observation] applies. 
(delete as appropriate) 
 
 
• 
Knock-in 
Value 
[[Worst 
Performance]/[Best 
Performance]/[Selected 
Worst 
of 
Performance]/[Selected 
Best 
of 
Performance]/[Relevant Underlying Performance] is 
applicable]/[is the Relevant Underlying Value] [and "N" 
is equal to [⚫]] 
 
 
• 
Final 
Redemption 
Amount will 
be calculated 
in accordance 
is [greater than]/[greater than or equal to]/[less 
than]/[equal to]/[less than or equal to] the Final 
Redemption Barrier Value.

--- Page 644 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
644 
 
with 
Paragraph 
3.7(i) if the 
Knock-in 
Value: 
 
• 
Final 
Redemption 
Barrier 
Value: 
[⚫]/[[⚫] per cent of Initial Reference Value] 
 
 
• 
Specified 
Rate 1: 
[[⚫]/[100] per cent.]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Physical 
Settlement: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Elections for 
Paragraph 
3.7(ii)(A): 
 
[Not Applicable]/[Final Redemption Amount shall be 
determined in accordance with Paragraph 3.7(ii)(A) if 
Paragraph 
3.7(i) 
does 
not 
apply.]/[Capped 
Redemption]/[Floored 
Redemption]/[Collared 
Redemption]. 
(delete as appropriate) 
(Specify "Not Applicable" if Physical Settlement applies 
in respect of the Securities and, if Not Applicable, delete 
"Specified Rate 2" to "Observation Period" below.) 
 
 
• 
Specified 
Rate 2: 
[[⚫]/[100] per cent.]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Participation 
Rate: 
[[Not Applicable]/[⚫]/[100] per cent.]/[A percentage rate 
to be determined by the Determination Agent before the 
Issue Date and notified to the Securityholders not more 
than 15 Business Days thereafter by publication on [⚫] 
(insert website address), provided that such percentage 
rate shall be [not less than [⚫] per cent.] [and] [not greater 
than [⚫] per cent.]] 
 
 
• 
Strike: 
[⚫]/[1]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Capped 
Redemption: 
[Final Redemption Cap Value is [[⚫]/[⚫] per cent.] per 
Calculation Amount]/[Not Applicable]  
 
 
• 
Floored 
Redemption: 
[Final Redemption Floor Value is [[⚫]/[⚫] per cent.] per 
Calculation Amount]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Collared 
Redemption: 
[Final Redemption Cap Value is [[⚫]/[⚫] per cent.] per 
Calculation Amount and Final Redemption Floor Value is 
[[⚫]/[⚫] per cent.] per Calculation Amount]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Observation 
Date(s): 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable]  
 
 
• 
Observation 
Period: 
[⚫]/[From [and including]/[but excluding] [⚫] to [but 
excluding]/[and 
including] 
[⚫]]/[Each 
[Common 
]Scheduled Trading Day beginning on (and including) [⚫
] and ending on (but excluding) [⚫]][subject to adjustment

--- Page 645 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
645 
 
in accordance with [Condition 9.1 (Market Disruption, 
Reference Dates and Averaging Dates)]167/[Condition 
13.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging 
Dates)]168/[Condition 15.1 (Market Disruption, Reference 
Dates and Averaging Dates)]169] 
 
• 
Elections for 
Paragraph 
3.7(ii)(B): 
 
[Not 
Applicable]/[Basic 
Performance-Linked 
Redemption]/[Worst-of 
Basket 
Performance-Linked 
Redemption] 
(Delete as appropriate) 
(Specify "Not Applicable" if Physical Settlement does not 
apply in respect of the Securities and, if Not Applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph.) 
 
 
• 
Underlying 
Securities: 
[specify]  
 
 
• 
Physical 
Settlement 
Date: 
[⚫]/[General Condition 20.5 applies.] 
 
 
• 
Clearing 
System: 
[specify in respect of each Underlying Security]/[General 
Condition 20.5 applies] 
 
 
• 
Physical 
Delivery FX 
Rate: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph.) 
 
 
• 
Physical 
Delivery FX 
Determinatio
n Date: 
[⚫] 
 
 
 
• 
Specified 
Currency: 
[⚫] 
 
 
• 
Relevant 
Screen Page 
in respect of 
Specified 
Currency: 
[⚫] 
 
 
• 
Specified 
Time 
in 
respect 
of 
Specified 
Currency: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Second 
Currency: 
[⚫] 
 
 
• 
Relevant 
Screen Page 
[⚫] 
 
 
167 
Insert language where the Securities are Share Basket Securities, Index Basket Securities or ETF Basket Securities 
168 
Insert language where the Securities are Fund Basket Securities  
169 
Insert language where the Securities are Futures Contract Basket Securities

--- Page 646 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
646 
 
in respect of 
Second 
Currency: 
 
• 
Specified 
Time 
in 
respect 
of 
Second 
Currency: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Specified 
Percentage: 
[[⚫] per cent.]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(viii) 
Barrier Redemption 2: 
 
(Paragraph 
3.8 
of 
Section 
2 
of 
the 
Additional 
Conditions) 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
 
• 
Elections for 
Paragraph 
3.8(a) 
of 
Section 2 of 
the 
Additional 
Conditions: 
If the Determination Agent determines that the Knock-in 
Value as of the [Determination Date]/[each Final 
Redemption Observation Date in respect of the 
Determination Date]/[at any time during the Barrier 
Observation Period in respect of the Determination Date] 
is [greater than]/[greater than or equal to]/[equal to]/[less 
than]/[less than or equal to] the Final Redemption Barrier 
Value, Final Redemption Amount shall be an amount per 
Calculation Amount equal to the product of the Specified 
Rate and the Calculation Amount. 
 
 
 
(delete as appropriate) 
 
 
• 
Knock-in 
Value 
[[Worst 
Performance]/[Best 
Performance]/[Selected 
Worst of Performance]/[Selected Best of Performance] is 
applicable]/[Relevant Underlying Performance]/[is the 
Relevant Underlying Value] [and "N" is equal to [⚫]] 
 
 
• 
Final 
Redemption 
Barrier 
Value: 
[⚫]/[[⚫] per cent of Initial Reference Value] 
 
 
• 
Specified 
Rate 1: 
[[⚫]/[100] per cent.]  
 
 
• 
Specified 
Rate 2: 
[⚫]/[100] per cent. 
 
 
• 
Participation 
Rate: 
[[Not Applicable]/[⚫]/[100] per cent.]/[A percentage rate 
to be determined by the Determination Agent before the 
Issue Date and notified to the Securityholders not more 
than 15 Business Days thereafter by publication on [⚫] 
(insert website address), provided that such percentage 
rate shall be [not less than [⚫] per cent.] [and] [not greater 
than [⚫] per cent.]] 
 
 
• 
Determinatio
n Date: 
[date]

--- Page 647 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
647 
 
 
• 
Final 
Redemption 
Observation 
Date(s): 
[[⚫]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Barrier 
Observation 
Period(s): 
[Barrier Observation Date]/[From [and including]/[but 
excluding] [Barrier Observation Period Start Date] to [but 
excluding]/[and including] [Barrier Observation Period 
End Date]]/[Each [Common ]Scheduled Trading Day 
beginning on (and including) [date] and ending on (but 
excluding) [date]] [subject to adjustment in accordance 
with [Condition 9.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates 
and Averaging Dates)]170/[Condition 13.1 (Market 
Disruption, 
Reference 
Dates 
and 
Averaging 
Dates)]171/[Condition 15.1 (Market Disruption, Reference 
Dates and Averaging Dates)]172]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Capped 
Redemption: 
[Applicable. Final Redemption Cap Value is [⚫][per cent.] 
per Calculation Amount]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
FXFinal: 
[Determined in accordance with Section 2 of the 
Additional Conditions]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
FXInitial: 
[Determined in accordance with Section 2 of the 
Additional Conditions]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Specified 
Currency: 
[⚫]/Not Applicable 
 
 
• 
Relevant 
Screen Page 
in respect of 
Specified 
Currency: 
[⚫]/Not Applicable 
 
 
• 
Specified 
Time 
in 
respect 
of 
Specified 
Currency: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
(Specify Not Applicable if the fall back in the definition of 
Specified Time in Sub-Section IV of Section 2 of the 
Additional Conditions applies) 
 
 
• 
Second 
Currency: 
[⚫]/Not Applicable 
 
 
• 
Relevant 
Screen Page 
in respect of 
Second 
Currency: 
[⚫]/Not Applicable 
 
 
• 
Specified 
Time 
in 
respect 
of 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
170 
Insert language where the Securities are Share Basket Securities, Index Basket Securities or ETF Basket Securities 
171 
Insert language where the Securities are Fund Basket Securities  
172 
Insert language where the Securities are Futures Contract Basket Securities

--- Page 648 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
648 
 
Second 
Currency: 
(Specify Not Applicable if the fall back in the definition of 
Specified Time in Sub-Section IV of Section 2 of the 
Additional Conditions applies) 
 
• 
Initial 
Reference 
Value: 
[⚫]/[Determined 
in 
accordance 
with 
the 
Value 
Determination Terms specified in paragraph [⚫] below] 
 
 
 
[OR] 
 
 
 
Basket Component 
Initial Reference Value 
 
[⚫] 
(repeat as required) 
[⚫]/[Determined 
in 
accordance with the Value 
Determination 
Terms 
specified in paragraph [⚫] 
below] 
(repeat as required) 
 
• 
Initial 
Reference 
Value 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Specified 
Percentage: 
[[⚫] per cent.]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Final 
Reference 
Value as of the 
Determination 
Date 
Determined in accordance with the Value Determination 
Terms specified in paragraph [⚫] below. 
 
 
• 
Relevant 
Underlying 
Value as of 
any 
Final 
Redemption 
Observation 
Date or during 
any 
Barrier 
Observation 
Period: 
[Not Applicable]/[Determined in accordance with the 
Value Determination Terms specified in paragraph [⚫] 
below] 
 
 
• 
Relevant 
Underlying 
Performance 
for 
determining 
the Knock-in 
Value: 
[insert Performance Determination Term specified below] 
applies. See paragraph [⚫] below for further details. 
 
 
(ix) 
Barrier 
and 
Participation 
Redemption: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph)

--- Page 649 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
649 
 
 
(Paragraph 
3.9 
of 
Section 
2 
of 
the 
Additional Conditions) 
 
• 
Elections 
for 
Paragraph 
3.9(a) 
of 
Section 2 of 
the Additional 
Conditions: 
If the Determination Agent determines that the Knock-in 
Value as of the [Determination Date]/[each Final 
Redemption Observation Date in respect of the 
Determination Date]/[at any time during the Barrier 
Observation Period in respect of the Determination Date] 
is [greater than]/[greater than or equal to]/[equal to]/[less 
than]/[less than or equal to] the Final Redemption Barrier 
Value, Final Redemption Amount shall be determined by 
the Determination Agent in accordance with Paragraph 
3.9(a) of Section 2 of the Additional Conditions. 
 
 
• 
Final 
Redemption 1: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]  
 
 
• 
Final 
Redemption 2: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]  
 
 
• 
FX 
Return 
(Downside 
Redemption): 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Basic 
Value 
Determination 
Terms: 
(specify if Average Value is 
selected otherwise delete this 
provision) 
[Opening Value]/[Closing Value]/[Commodity Specified 
Price] 
 
 
• 
Averaging 
Dates 
in 
relation to the 
relevant 
date 
or period: 
(specify if Average Value is 
selected, otherwise delete this 
provision) 
[⚫] 
 
 
• 
Averaging 
Date 
Disruption: 
(For Equity-Linked Securities or 
Futures-Contract 
Linked 
Securities 
only, 
specify 
if 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, 
otherwise (and if not an Equity-
Linked Security or a Futures 
Contract-Linked Security) delete 
this provision) 
[Omission]/[Postponement]/[Modified Postponement] 
 
 
• 
Knock-in 
Value: 
[[Worst 
Performance]/[Best 
Performance]/[Selected 
Worst of Performance]/[Selected Best of Performance] is 
applicable]/[Relevant Underlying Performance]/[Lowest

--- Page 650 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
650 
 
Basket Component Performance]/[is the Relevant 
Underlying Value] [and "N" is equal to [⚫]] 
 
• 
Final 
Redemption 
Barrier Value: 
[⚫]/[[⚫] per cent of Initial Reference Value] 
 
 
• 
Determination 
Date: 
[date] 
 
 
• 
Final 
Redemption 
Observation 
Date(s): 
[[⚫]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Barrier 
Observation 
Period(s): 
[Barrier Observation Date]/[From [and including]/[but 
excluding] [Barrier Observation Period Start Date] to [but 
excluding]/[and including] [Barrier Observation Period 
End Date]]/[Each [Common ]Scheduled Trading Day 
beginning on (and including) [date] and ending on (but 
excluding) [date]] [subject to adjustment in accordance 
with [Condition 9.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates 
and Averaging Dates)]173/[Condition 13.1 (Market 
Disruption, 
Reference 
Dates 
and 
Averaging 
Dates)]174/[Condition 15.1 (Market Disruption, Reference 
Dates and Averaging Dates)]175]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Specified Rate 
1: 
[[⚫]/[100] per cent.]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Participation 
Rate 1: 
[Not Applicable]/[⚫]/[100] per cent./[A percentage rate to 
be determined by the Determination Agent before the 
Issue Date and notified to the Securityholders not more 
than 15 Business Days thereafter by publication on [⚫] 
(insert website address), provided that such percentage 
rate shall be [not less than [⚫] per cent.] [and] [not greater 
than [⚫] per cent.]] 
 
 
• 
Final 
Redemption 
Rate: 
[[⚫]/[100] per cent.]/[A percentage rate to be determined 
by the Determination Agent before the Issue Date and 
notified to the Securityholders not more than 15 Business 
Days thereafter by publication on [⚫] (insert website 
address), provided that such percentage rate shall be [not 
less than [⚫] per cent.] [and] [not greater than [⚫] per 
cent.]] 
 
 
• 
Relevant 
Underlying 
Performance: 
[insert Performance Determination Term specified below] 
applies. See paragraph [⚫] below for further details. 
 
 
• 
Performance 
Rate: 
[[⚫] per cent.]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
173 
Insert language where the Securities are Share Basket Securities, Index Basket Securities or ETF Basket Securities 
174 
Insert language where the Securities are Fund Basket Securities  
175 
Insert language where the Securities are Futures Contract Basket Securities

--- Page 651 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
651 
 
 
• 
FXFinal: 
[In respect of Paragraph 3.9(a) of Section 2 of the 
Additional Conditions: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
[In respect of Paragraph 3.9(b) of Section 2 of the 
Additional Conditions: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
 
• 
FXInitial: 
[In respect of Paragraph 3.9(a) of Section 2 of the 
Additional Conditions: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
[In respect of Paragraph 3.9(b) of Section 2 of the 
Additional Conditions: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
 
• 
Specified 
Currency: 
[⚫]/Not Applicable 
 
 
• 
Relevant 
Screen Page in 
respect 
of 
Specified 
Currency: 
[⚫]/Not Applicable 
 
 
• 
Specified 
Time 
in 
respect 
of 
Specified 
Currency: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
(Specify Not Applicable if the fall back in the definition of 
Specified Time in Sub-Section IV of Section 2 of the 
Additional Conditions applies) 
 
 
• 
Second 
Currency: 
[⚫]/Not Applicable 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
 
• 
Relevant 
Screen Page in 
respect 
of 
Specified 
Currency: 
[⚫]/Not Applicable 
 
 
• 
Specified 
Time 
in 
respect 
of 
Specified 
Currency: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
(Specify Not Applicable if the fall back in the definition of 
Specified Time in Sub-Section IV of Section 2 of the 
Additional Conditions applies) 
 
 
• 
Elections 
for 
Paragraph 
3.9(b) 
of 
Section 2 of 
the Additional 
Conditions: 
 
 
 
•  
Worst 
Performa
nce: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]  
 
 
•  
FX 
Return 
(Downsi
de 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 652 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
652 
 
Redempt
ion): 
 
• 
Specified Rate 
2: 
[⚫]/[100] per cent. 
 
 
• 
Participation 
Rate 2: 
[⚫]/[100] per cent./[A percentage rate to be determined by 
the Determination Agent before the Issue Date and 
notified to the Securityholders not more than 15 Business 
Days thereafter by publication on [⚫] (insert website 
address), provided that such percentage rate shall be [not 
less than [⚫] per cent.] [and] [not greater than [⚫] per 
cent.]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Value 
Determinatio
n Terms for 
Final 
Reference 
Value 
(Final 
Redemption) 
as of the Final 
Redemption 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[Spot Value]/[Intraday Value]/[Opening Value]/[Closing 
Value]/[Average Value]/[Commodity Specified Price]   
 
 
• 
Final 
Redemption 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[⚫] 
 
 
• 
Initial 
Reference 
Value: 
[⚫]/[Determined 
in 
accordance 
with 
the 
Value 
Determination Terms specified in paragraph [⚫] below] 
 
 
 
[OR] 
 
 
 
Basket Component 
Initial Reference Value 
 
[⚫] 
(repeat as required) 
[⚫]/[Determined 
in 
accordance 
with 
the 
Value 
Determination 
Terms 
specified 
in 
paragraph [⚫] below] 
(repeat as required) 
 
• 
Initial 
Reference 
Value 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Specified 
Percentage: 
[[⚫] per cent.]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Final 
Reference 
Value: 
[Not Applicable]/Determined in accordance with the 
Value Determination Terms specified in paragraph [⚫] 
below.

--- Page 653 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
653 
 
 
• 
Relevant 
Underlying 
Value as of 
any 
Final 
Redemption 
Observation 
Date or during 
any 
Barrier 
Observation 
Period: 
[Not Applicable]/[Determined in accordance with the 
Value Determination Terms specified in paragraph [⚫] 
below] 
 
 
• 
Relevant 
Underlying 
Performance 
for 
determining 
the Knock-in 
Value: 
[insert Performance Determination Term specified below] 
applies. See paragraph [⚫] below for further details. 
 
 
(x) 
Barrier 
and 
Participation 
Redemption 
– 
FX 
Performance 
Adjustment: 
 
(Paragraph 3.10 
of 
Section 
2 
of 
the 
Additional 
Conditions) 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
 
• 
Elections for 
Paragraph 
3.10(a) 
of 
Section 2 of 
the 
Additional 
Conditions: 
If the Determination Agent determines that the Knock-in 
Value as of the [Determination Date]/[each Final 
Redemption Observation Date in respect of the 
Determination Date]/[at any time during the Barrier 
Observation Period in respect of the Determination Date] 
is [greater than]/[greater than or equal to]/[equal to]/[less 
than]/[less than or equal to] the Final Redemption Barrier 
Value, Final Redemption Amount shall be determined by 
the Determination Agent in accordance with Paragraph 
3.10(a) of Section 2 of the Additional Conditions. 
(delete as appropriate) 
 
 
• 
FX 
Return 
(Downside 
Redemption): 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
FXInitialOption 
Determinatio
n Date: 
[The Currency Business Day [[immediately preceding] 
OR [[•] days preceding]] the Strike Date]/[[•] [specify 
date]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
FXFinalOption 
Determinatio
n Date: 
[The Currency Business Day [[immediately succeeding] 
OR [[•] days succeeding]]  the Determination Date]/[[•] 
[specify date]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
FXInitialPrincipal 
Determinatio
n Date: 
[The Currency Business Day [[immediately preceding] 
OR [[•] days preceding]] the Strike Date]/[[•] [specify 
date]]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 654 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
654 
 
 
• 
FXFinalPrincipal 
Determinatio
n Date: 
[The Currency Business Day [[immediately succeeding] 
OR [[•] days succeeding]]  the Determination Date]/[[•] 
[specify date]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Basic Value 
Determinatio
n 
Terms: 
(specify 
if 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected 
otherwise 
delete 
this 
provision) 
[Opening Value]/[Closing Value]/[Commodity Specified 
Price] 
 
 
• 
Averaging 
Dates 
in 
relation to the 
relevant date 
or 
period: 
(specify 
if 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, 
otherwise 
delete 
this 
provision) 
[⚫] 
 
 
• 
Averaging 
Date 
Disruption: 
(For Equity-
Linked 
Securities or 
Futures-
Contract 
Linked 
Securities 
only, specify 
if 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, 
otherwise 
(and if not an 
Equity-
Linked 
Security or a 
Futures 
Contract-
Linked 
Security) 
delete 
this 
provision) 
[Omission]/[Postponement]/[Modified Postponement] 
 
 
• 
Knock-in 
Value: 
[[Worst 
Performance]/[Best 
Performance]/[Selected 
Worst of Performance]/[Selected Best of Performance] is 
applicable]/[Relevant Underlying Performance]/[Lowest 
Basket Component Performance]/[is the Relevant 
Underlying Value] [and "N" is equal to [⚫]]

--- Page 655 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
655 
 
 
• 
Final 
Redemption 
Barrier 
Value: 
[⚫]/[[⚫] per cent of Initial Reference Value] 
 
 
• 
Determinatio
n Date: 
[date] 
 
 
• 
Final 
Redemption 
Observation 
Date(s): 
[[⚫]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Barrier 
Observation 
Period(s): 
[Barrier Observation Date]/[From [and including]/[but 
excluding] [Barrier Observation Period Start Date] to [but 
excluding]/[and including] [Barrier Observation Period 
End Date]]/[Each [Common ]Scheduled Trading Day 
beginning on (and including) [date] and ending on (but 
excluding) [date]] [subject to adjustment in accordance 
with [Condition 9.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates 
and Averaging Dates)]176/[Condition 13.1 (Market 
Disruption, 
Reference 
Dates 
and 
Averaging 
Dates)]177/[Condition 15.1 (Market Disruption, Reference 
Dates and Averaging Dates)]178]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Specified 
Rate 1: 
[[⚫]/[100] per cent.]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Participation 
Rate 1: 
[Not Applicable]/[⚫]/[100] per cent./[A percentage rate to 
be determined by the Determination Agent before the 
Issue Date and notified to the Securityholders not more 
than 15 Business Days thereafter by publication on [⚫] 
(insert website address), provided that such percentage 
rate shall be [not less than [⚫] per cent.] [and] [not greater 
than [⚫] per cent.]] 
 
 
• 
Final 
Redemption 
Rate: 
[[⚫]/[100] per cent.]/[A percentage rate to be determined 
by the Determination Agent before the Issue Date and 
notified to the Securityholders not more than 15 Business 
Days thereafter by publication on [⚫] (insert website 
address), provided that such percentage rate shall be [not 
less than [⚫] per cent.] [and] [not greater than [⚫] per 
cent.]] 
 
 
• 
Relevant 
Underlying 
Performance: 
[insert Performance Determination Term specified below] 
applies. See paragraph [⚫] below for further details. 
 
 
• 
Performance 
Rate: 
[[⚫] per cent.]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
FXFinal: 
[In respect of Paragraph 3.10(a) of Section 2 of the 
Additional Conditions: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
 
176 
Insert language where the Securities are Share Basket Securities, Index Basket Securities or ETF Basket Securities 
177 
Insert language where the Securities are Fund Basket Securities  
178 
Insert language where the Securities are Futures Contract Basket Securities

--- Page 656 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
656 
 
[In respect of Paragraph 3.10(b) of Section 2 of the 
Additional Conditions: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
• 
FXInitial: 
[In respect of Paragraph 3.10(a) of Section 2 of the 
Additional Conditions: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
[In respect of Paragraph 3.10(b) of Section 2 of the 
Additional Conditions: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
 
• 
Specified 
Currency: 
[⚫]/Not Applicable 
 
 
• 
Relevant 
Screen Page 
in respect of 
Specified 
Currency: 
[⚫]/Not Applicable 
 
 
• 
Specified 
Time 
in 
respect 
of 
Specified 
Currency: 
[⚫]/Not Applicable 
(Specify Not Applicable if the fall back in the definition 
of Specified Time in Sub-Section IV of Section 2 of the 
Additional Conditions applies) 
 
 
• 
Second 
Currency: 
[⚫]/Not Applicable 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
 
• 
Relevant 
Screen Page 
in respect of 
Specified 
Currency: 
[⚫]/Not Applicable 
 
 
 
• 
Specified 
Time 
in 
respect 
of 
Specified 
Currency: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
(Specify Not Applicable if the fall back in the definition 
of Specified Time in Sub-Section IV of Section 2 of the 
Additional Conditions applies) 
 
 
• 
Elections for 
Paragraph 
3.10(b) 
of 
Section 2 of 
the 
Additional 
Conditions: 
 
 
 
•  
Worst 
Perform
ance: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
•  
FX 
Return 
(Downs
ide 
Redemp
tion): 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 657 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
657 
 
 
• 
Specified 
Rate 2: 
[⚫]/[100] per cent. 
 
 
• 
Participation 
Rate 2: 
[⚫]/[100] per cent./[A percentage rate to be determined by 
the Determination Agent before the Issue Date and 
notified to the Securityholders not more than 15 Business 
Days thereafter by publication on [⚫] (insert website 
address), provided that such percentage rate shall be [not 
less than [⚫] per cent.] [and] [not greater than [⚫] per 
cent.]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Value 
Determinatio
n Terms for 
Final 
Reference 
Value (Final 
Redemption) 
as of the Final 
Redemption 
Determinatio
n Date(s): 
[Spot Value]/[Intraday Value]/[Opening Value]/[Closing 
Value]/[Average Value]/[Commodity Specified Price] 
 
 
• 
Final 
Redemption 
Determinatio
n Date(s): 
[⚫] 
 
 
• 
Initial 
Reference 
Value: 
[⚫]/[Determined 
in 
accordance 
with 
the 
Value 
Determination Terms specified in paragraph [⚫] below] 
 
 
 
[OR] 
 
 
 
Basket Component 
Initial Reference Value 
 
 
 
[⚫] 
(repeat as required) 
[⚫]/[Determined 
in 
accordance 
with 
the 
Value 
Determination 
Terms 
specified 
in 
paragraph [⚫] below] 
(repeat as required) 
 
 
• 
Initial 
Reference 
Value 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Specified 
Percentage: 
[[⚫] per cent.]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Final 
Reference 
Value: 
[Not Applicable]/Determined in accordance with the 
Value Determination Terms specified in paragraph [⚫] 
below.

--- Page 658 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
658 
 
 
• 
Relevant 
Underlying 
Value as of 
any 
Final 
Redemption 
Observation 
Date or during 
any 
Barrier 
Observation 
Period: 
[Not Applicable]/[Determined in accordance with the 
Value Determination Terms specified in paragraph [⚫] 
below] 
 
 
• 
Relevant 
Underlying 
Performance 
for 
determining 
the Knock-in 
Value: 
[insert Performance Determination Term specified below] 
applies. See paragraph [⚫] below for further details. 
 
 
(xi) 
Single Barrier Final 
Redemption: 
 
(Paragraph 
3.11 
of 
Section 
2 
of 
the 
Additional 
Conditions) 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
 
• 
Knock-in 
Value: 
[[Worst 
Performance]/[Best 
Performance]/[Selected 
Worst 
of 
Performance]/[Selected 
Best 
of 
Performance]/[Relevant Underlying Performance] is 
applicable]/[is the Relevant Underlying Value] [and "N" 
is equal to [⚫]] 
 
 
• 
Elections for 
Paragraph 
3.11(a) 
of 
Section 2 of 
the 
Additional 
Conditions: 
If the Determination Agent determines that the Knock-in 
Value as of [the Determination Date]/[each Final 
Redemption Observation Date in respect of the 
Determination Date]/[at any time during the Barrier 
Observation Period in respect of the Determination Date] 
is [greater than]/[greater than or equal to]/[equal to]/[less 
than or equal to]/[less than] the Final Redemption Barrier 
Value, [Fixed Redemption]/[Capitalised Non-Memory 
Redemption]/[Capitalised 
Memory 
Redemption]/[Highest Performance Redemption] shall 
apply.] 
 
 
 
(delete as appropriate) 
 
 
• 
Final 
Redemption 
Barrier 
Value: 
[⚫]/[[⚫] per cent of Initial Reference Value]/[A 
percentage rate to be determined by the Determination 
Agent before the Issue Date and notified to the 
Securityholders not more than 15 Business Days 
thereafter by publication on [⚫] (insert website address), 
provided that such percentage rate shall be [not less than 
[⚫] per cent.] [and] [not greater than [⚫] per cent.]] 
 
 
• 
Final 
Redemption 
Rate: 
[[⚫]/[100] per cent.]/[A percentage rate to be determined 
by the Determination Agent before the Issue Date and 
notified to the Securityholders not more than 15 Business 
Days thereafter by publication on [⚫] (insert website 
address), provided that such percentage rate shall be [not

--- Page 659 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
659 
 
less than [⚫] per cent.] [and] [not greater than [⚫] per 
cent.]] 
(Specify 
if 
Capitalised 
Non-Memory 
Redemption, 
Capitalised Memory Redemption or Highest Performance 
Redemption is applicable, otherwise specify Not 
Applicable) 
 
• 
Specified 
Rate 1: 
[[⚫]/[100] per cent.]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Physical 
Settlement: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Elections for 
Paragraph 
3.11(b) 
of 
Section 2 of 
the 
Additional 
Conditions: 
[Not 
Applicable]/[Basic 
Performance-Linked 
Redemption]/[Capped 
Basic 
Performance-Linked 
Redemption]/[Worst-of 
Basket 
Performance-Linked 
Redemption 1]/[Capped Worst-of Basket Performance-
Linked Redemption 1]/[Worst-of Basket Performance-
Linked Redemption 2] 
(Delete as appropriate) 
(Specify "Not Applicable" if Physical Settlement applies 
in respect of the Securities and, if Not Applicable, delete 
"Specified Rate 2" to "Specified Rate" below.) 
 
 
• 
Specified 
Rate 2: 
[[⚫]/[100] per cent.]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Participation 
Rate: 
[[⚫]/[100] per cent.]/[A percentage rate to be determined 
by the Determination Agent before the Issue Date and 
notified to the Securityholders not more than 15 Business 
Days thereafter by publication on [⚫] (insert website 
address), provided that such percentage rate shall be [not 
less than [⚫] per cent.] [and] [not greater than [⚫] per 
cent.]] 
 
 
• 
Specified 
Percentage: 
[[⚫] per cent.]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Knock-in 
Barrier Level: 
[⚫]/[[⚫] per cent of Initial Reference Value]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(Specify if "Worst of Performance Linked Redemption 2" 
is applicable, otherwise specify Not Applicable.) 
 
 
• 
Specified 
Rate: 
[[⚫]/[100] per cent.]/[Not Applicable] 
(Specify if "Worst of Performance Linked Redemption 2" 
is applicable, otherwise specify Not Applicable.) 
 
 
• 
Elections for 
Paragraph 
3.11(c) 
of 
Section 2 of 
the 
Additional 
Conditions: 
[Not 
Applicable]/[Basic 
Performance-Linked 
Redemption]/[Worst-of 
Basket 
Performance-Linked 
Redemption] 
(Delete as appropriate) 
(Specify "Not Applicable" if Physical Settlement does not 
apply in respect of the Securities and, if Not Applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph.)

--- Page 660 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
660 
 
 
• 
Underlying 
Securities: 
[specify]/[ Sub-Section IV of Section 2 of the Additional 
Conditions applies] 
 
 
• 
Physical 
Settlement 
Date: 
[⚫]/[General Condition 20.5 applies.] 
 
 
• 
Clearing 
System: 
[specify in respect of each Underlying Security]/[General 
Condition 20.5 applies] 
 
 
• 
Physical 
Delivery FX 
Rate: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph.) 
 
 
• 
Physical 
Delivery FX 
Determinatio
n Date: 
[⚫] 
 
 
 
• 
Specified 
Currency: 
[⚫]  
 
 
• 
Relevant 
Screen Page 
in respect of 
Specified 
Currency: 
[⚫] 
 
 
• 
Specified 
Time 
in 
respect 
of 
Specified 
Currency: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Second 
Currency: 
[⚫] 
 
 
• 
Relevant 
Screen Page 
in respect of 
Second 
Currency: 
[⚫] 
 
 
• 
Specified 
Time 
in 
respect 
of 
Second 
Currency: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(xii) 
Dual 
Barrier 
Final 
Redemption 1: 
 
(Paragraph 
3.12 
of 
Section 
2 
of 
the 
Additional 
Conditions) 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph)

--- Page 661 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
661 
 
 
• 
Knock-in 
Value: 
[[Worst 
Performance]/[Best 
Performance]/[Selected 
Worst 
of 
Performance]/[Selected 
Best 
of 
Performance]/[Relevant Underlying Performance] is 
applicable]/[is the Relevant Underlying Value] [and "N" 
is equal to [⚫]] 
 
 
• 
Elections for 
Paragraph 
3.12(a) 
of 
Section 2 of 
the 
Additional 
Conditions: 
Final Redemption Amount shall be determined in 
accordance with Paragraph 3.12(a) if, as of [the 
Determination 
Date]/[each 
Final 
Redemption 
Observation Date in respect of the Determination 
Date]/[at any time during the Barrier Observation Period 
in respect of the Determination Date] the Determination 
Agent determines that the Knock-in Value is [greater 
than]/[greater than or equal to]/[equal to]/[less than or 
equal to]/[less than] the Final Redemption Barrier Value 
1 
(delete as appropriate) 
 
 
• 
Elections for 
Paragraph 
3.12(b) 
of 
Section 2 of 
the 
Additional 
Conditions: 
Final Redemption Amount shall be determined in 
accordance with Paragraph 3.12(b) if 3.12(a) does not 
apply and if, as of [the Determination Date]/[each Final 
Redemption Observation Date in respect of the 
Determination Date]/[at any time during the Barrier 
Observation Period in respect of the Determination Date] 
the Determination Agent determines that the Knock-in 
Value is [greater than]/[greater than or equal to]/[equal 
to]/[less than or equal to]/[less than] the Final Redemption 
Barrier Value 2 
(delete as appropriate) 
 
 
• 
Final 
Redemption 
Barrier Value 
1: 
[⚫]/[[⚫] per cent of Initial Reference Value] 
 
 
• 
Final 
Redemption 
Barrier Value 
2: 
[⚫]/[[⚫] per cent of Initial Reference Value] 
 
 
• 
Final 
Redemption 
Rate: 
[[⚫]/[100] per cent.]/[A percentage rate to be determined 
by the Determination Agent before the Issue Date and 
notified to the Securityholders not more than 15 Business 
Days thereafter by publication on [⚫] (insert website 
address), provided that such percentage rate shall be [not 
less than [⚫] per cent.] [and] [not greater than [⚫] per 
cent.]] 
 
 
• 
Specified 
Rate 1: 
[⚫]/[100] per cent. 
 
 
• 
Specified 
Rate 2: 
[⚫]/[100] per cent. 
 
 
• 
Participation 
Rate 1: 
[[⚫]/[100] per cent.]/[A percentage rate to be determined 
by the Determination Agent before the Issue Date and 
notified to the Securityholders not more than 15 Business 
Days thereafter by publication on [⚫] (insert website

--- Page 662 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
662 
 
address), provided that such percentage rate shall be [not 
less than [⚫] per cent.] [and] [not greater than [⚫] per 
cent.]] 
 
• 
Participation 
Rate 2: 
[⚫]/[100] per cent.]/[A percentage rate to be determined 
by the Determination Agent before the Issue Date and 
notified to the Securityholders not more than 15 Business 
Days thereafter by publication on [⚫] (insert website 
address), provided that such percentage rate shall be [not 
less than [⚫] per cent.] [and] [not greater than [⚫] per 
cent.]] 
 
 
• 
Specified 
Percentage: 
[[⚫] per cent.]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(xiii) 
Dual 
Barrier 
Final 
Redemption 2: 
 
(Paragraph 
3.13 
of 
Section 
2 
of 
the 
Additional 
Conditions) 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
 
• 
Knock-in 
Value: 
[[Worst 
Performance]/[Best 
Performance]/[Selected 
Worst 
of 
Performance]/[Selected 
Best 
of 
Performance]/[Relevant Underlying Performance] is 
applicable]/[is the Relevant Underlying Value] [and "N" 
is equal to [⚫]] 
 
 
• 
Elections for 
Paragraph 
3.13(a) 
of 
Section 2 of 
the 
Additional 
Conditions: 
Final Redemption Amount shall be determined in 
accordance with Paragraph 3.13(a) if, as of [the 
Determination 
Date]/[each 
Final 
Redemption 
Observation Date in respect of the Determination 
Date]/[at any time during the Barrier Observation Period 
in respect of the Determination Date] the Determination 
Agent determines that the Knock-in Value is [greater 
than]/[greater than or equal to]/[equal to]/[less than or 
equal to]/[less than] the Final Redemption Barrier Value 
1 
(delete as appropriate) 
 
 
• 
Elections for 
Paragraph 
3.13(b) 
of 
Section 2 of 
the 
Additional 
Conditions: 
Final Redemption Amount shall be determined in 
accordance with Paragraph 3.13(b) if 3.13(a) does not 
apply and if, as of [the Determination Date]/[each Final 
Redemption Observation Date in respect of the 
Determination Date]/[at any time during the Barrier 
Observation Period in respect of the Determination Date] 
the Determination Agent determines that the Knock-in 
Value is [greater than]/[greater than or equal to]/[equal 
to]/[less than or equal to]/[less than] the Final Redemption 
Barrier Value 2 
(delete as appropriate) 
 
 
• 
Final 
Redemption 
Barrier Value 
1: 
[⚫]/[[⚫] per cent of Initial Reference Value]

--- Page 663 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
663 
 
 
• 
Final 
Redemption 
Barrier Value 
2: 
[⚫]/[[⚫] per cent of Initial Reference Value] 
 
 
• 
Final 
Redemption 
Rate: 
[[⚫]/[100] per cent.]/[A percentage rate to be determined 
by the Determination Agent before the Issue Date and 
notified to the Securityholders not more than 15 Business 
Days thereafter by publication on [⚫] (insert website 
address), provided that such percentage rate shall be [not 
less than [⚫] per cent.] [and] [not greater than [⚫] per 
cent.]] 
 
 
• 
Specified 
Rate 1: 
[⚫]/[100] per cent. 
 
 
• 
Specified 
Rate 2: 
[⚫]/[100] per cent. 
 
 
• 
Participation 
Rate 1: 
[[Not Applicable]/[⚫]/[100] per cent.]/[A percentage rate 
to be determined by the Determination Agent before the 
Issue Date and notified to the Securityholders not more 
than 15 Business Days thereafter by publication on [⚫] 
(insert website address), provided that such percentage 
rate shall be [not less than [⚫] per cent.] [and] [not greater 
than [⚫] per cent.]] 
 
 
• 
Participation 
Rate 2: 
[[Not Applicable]/[⚫]/[100] per cent.]/[A percentage rate 
to be determined by the Determination Agent before the 
Issue Date and notified to the Securityholders not more 
than 15 Business Days thereafter by publication on [⚫] 
(insert website address), provided that such percentage 
rate shall be [not less than [⚫] per cent.] [and] [not greater 
than [⚫] per cent.]] 
 
 
• 
Specified 
Percentage: 
[[⚫] per cent.]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(xiv) 
Dual 
Barrier 
Final 
Redemption 3: 
 
(Paragraph 
3.14 
of 
Section 
2 
of 
the 
Additional 
Conditions) 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
 
• 
Knock-in 
Value: 
[[Worst 
Performance]/[Best 
Performance]/[Selected 
Worst 
of 
Performance]/[Selected 
Best 
of 
Performance]/[Relevant Underlying Performance] is 
applicable]/[is the Relevant Underlying Value] [and "N" 
is equal to [⚫]] 
 
 
• 
Elections for 
Paragraph 
3.14(a) 
of 
Section 2 of 
the 
Additional 
Conditions: 
Final Redemption Amount shall be determined in 
accordance with Paragraph 3.14(a) if, as of [the 
Determination 
Date]/[each 
Final 
Redemption 
Observation Date in respect of the Determination 
Date]/[at any time during the Barrier Observation Period 
in respect of the Determination Date] the Determination 
Agent determines that the Knock-in Value is [greater

--- Page 664 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
664 
 
than]/[greater than or equal to]//[equal to]/[less than]/[less 
than or equal to] the Final Redemption Barrier Value 1 
(delete as appropriate) 
 
• 
Elections for 
Paragraph 
3.14(b) 
of 
Section 2 of 
the 
Additional 
Conditions: 
Final Redemption Amount shall be determined in 
accordance with Paragraph 3.14(b) if 3.14(a) does not 
apply and if, as of [the Determination Date]/[each Final 
Redemption Observation Date in respect of the 
Determination Date]/[at any time during the Barrier 
Observation Period in respect of the Determination Date] 
the Determination Agent determines that the Knock-in 
Value is [greater than]/[greater than or equal to]/[equal 
to]/[less than]/[less than or equal to] the Final Redemption 
Barrier Value 2 
(delete as appropriate) 
 
 
• 
Final 
Redemption 
Barrier Value 
1: 
[⚫]/[[⚫] per cent of Initial Reference Value] 
 
 
• 
Final 
Redemption 
Barrier Value 
2: 
[⚫]/[[⚫] per cent of Initial Reference Value] 
 
 
• 
Final 
Redemption 
Rate 1: 
[[Not Applicable]/[⚫]/[100] per cent.]/[A percentage rate 
to be determined by the Determination Agent before the 
Issue Date and notified to the Securityholders not more 
than 15 Business Days thereafter by publication on [⚫] 
(insert website address), provided that such percentage 
rate shall be [not less than [⚫] per cent.] [and] [not greater 
than [⚫] per cent.]] 
 
 
• 
Final 
Redemption 
Rate 2: 
[[Not Applicable]/[⚫]/[100] per cent.]/[A percentage rate 
to be determined by the Determination Agent before the 
Issue Date and notified to the Securityholders not more 
than 15 Business Days thereafter by publication on [⚫] 
(insert website address), provided that such percentage 
rate shall be [not less than [⚫] per cent.] [and] [not greater 
than [⚫] per cent.]] 
 
 
• 
Specified 
Rate 1: 
[⚫]/[100] per cent.  
 
 
• 
Specified 
Rate 2: 
[⚫]/[100] per cent. 
 
 
• 
Physical 
Settlement: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Elections for 
Paragraph 
3.14(c) 
of 
Section 2 of 
the 
Additional 
Conditions 
[Not Applicable]/[Final Redemption Amount shall be 
determined in accordance with Paragraph 3.14(c) if both 
Paragraphs 3.14(a) and 3.14(b) do not apply.]/[Par 
Redemption]/[Basic 
Performance-Linked 
Redemption]/[Capped 
Basic 
Performance-Linked 
Redemption]/[Worst-of 
Basket 
Performance-Linked 
Redemption 1]/[Capped Worst-of Basket Performance-

--- Page 665 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
665 
 
Linked Redemption 1]/[Worst-of Basket Performance-
Linked Redemption 2] [Basket Performance-Linked 
Redemption] 
(Delete as appropriate) 
(Specify "Not Applicable" if Physical Settlement applies 
in respect of the Securities and, if Not Applicable, delete 
"Participation Rate" to "Specified Rate" below.) 
 
• 
Participation 
Rate: 
[[Not Applicable]/[⚫]/[100] per cent.]/[A percentage rate 
to be determined by the Determination Agent before the 
Issue Date and notified to the Securityholders not more 
than 15 Business Days thereafter by publication on [⚫] 
(insert website address), provided that such percentage 
rate shall be [not less than [⚫] per cent.] [and] [not greater 
than [⚫] per cent.]] 
(Specify 
if 
Basic 
Performance-Linked 
Redemption/Capped 
Basic 
Performance-Linked 
Redemption/Worst-of 
Basket 
Performance-Linked 
Redemption 1/Capped Worst-of Basket Performance-
Linked Redemption 1/Worst-of Basket Performance-
Linked Redemption 2 is applicable, otherwise specify Not 
Applicable) 
 
 
• 
Knock-in 
Barrier Level: 
[⚫]/[[⚫] per cent of Initial Reference Value]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(Specify if "Worst of Performance Linked Redemption 2" 
is applicable, otherwise specify Not Applicable.) 
 
 
• 
Specified 
Rate: 
[[⚫]/[100] per cent.]/[Not Applicable]  
(Specify if "Worst of Performance Linked Redemption 2" 
is applicable, otherwise specify Not Applicable.)  
 
 
• 
Elections for 
Paragraph 
3.14(d) 
of 
Section 2 of 
the 
Additional 
Conditions: 
[Not 
Applicable]/[Basic 
Performance-Linked 
Redemption]/[Worst-of 
Basket 
Performance-Linked 
Redemption] 
(Delete as appropriate) 
(Specify "Not Applicable" if Physical Settlement does not 
apply in respect of the Securities and, if Not Applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph.)  
 
 
• 
Underlying 
Securities: 
[specify]/[ Sub-Section IV of Section 2 of the Additional 
Conditions applies] 
 
 
• 
Physical 
Settlement 
Date: 
[⚫]/[General Condition 20.5 applies.] 
 
 
• 
Clearing 
System: 
[specify in respect of each Underlying Security]/[General 
Condition 20.5 applies] 
 
 
• 
Physical 
Delivery FX 
Rate: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph.)

--- Page 666 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
666 
 
 
• 
Physical 
Delivery FX 
Determinatio
n Date: 
[⚫] 
 
 
 
• 
Specified 
Currency: 
[⚫]  
 
 
• 
Relevant 
Screen Page 
in respect of 
Specified 
Currency: 
[⚫] 
 
 
• 
Specified 
Time 
in 
respect 
of 
Specified 
Currency: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Second 
Currency: 
[⚫] 
 
 
• 
Relevant 
Screen Page 
in respect of 
Second 
Currency: 
[⚫] 
 
 
• 
Specified 
Time 
in 
respect 
of 
Second 
Currency: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Specified 
Percentage: 
[[⚫] per cent.]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Relevant 
Underlying 
Performance: 
[Not Applicable]/[Determined in accordance with the 
Performance Determination Terms specified in paragraph 
[●] below].  
[OR] 
Basket Component 
Relevant 
Underlying 
Performance 
[●] 
(Repeat as required) 
[●]/[Determined 
in 
accordance with the Value 
Determination 
Terms 
specified in paragraph [●] 
below] 
 
 
(xv) 
Dual 
Barrier 
Final 
Redemption 4: 
 
(Paragraph 
3.15 
of 
Section 
2 
of 
the 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph)

--- Page 667 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
667 
 
Additional 
Conditions) 
 
• 
Knock-in 
Value: 
[[Worst 
Performance]/[Best 
Performance]/[Selected 
Worst 
of 
Performance]/[Selected 
Best 
of 
Performance]/[Relevant Underlying Performance] is 
applicable]/[is the Relevant Underlying Value] [and "N" 
is equal to [⚫]] 
 
 
• 
Elections for 
Paragraph 
3.15(a) 
of 
Section 2 of 
the 
Additional 
Conditions: 
Final Redemption Amount shall be determined in 
accordance with Paragraph 3.15(a) if, as of [the 
Determination 
Date]/[each 
Final 
Redemption 
Observation Date in respect of the Determination 
Date]/[at any time during the Barrier Observation Period 
in respect of the Determination Date] the Determination 
Agent determines that the Knock-in Value is [greater 
than]/[greater than or equal to]/[equal to]/[less than or 
equal to]/[less than] the Final Redemption Barrier Value 
1 
(delete as appropriate) 
 
 
• 
Elections for 
Paragraph 
3.15(b) 
of 
Section 2 of 
the 
Additional 
Conditions: 
Final Redemption Amount shall be determined in 
accordance with Paragraph 3.15(b) if 3.15(a) does not 
apply and if, as of [the Determination Date]/[each Final 
Redemption Observation Date in respect of the 
Determination Date]/[at any time during the Barrier 
Observation Period in respect of the Determination Date] 
the Determination Agent determines that the Knock-in 
Value is [greater than]/[greater than or equal to]/[equal 
to]/[less than or equal to]/[less than] the Final Redemption 
Barrier Value 2 
(delete as appropriate) 
 
 
• 
Final 
Redemption 
Barrier Value 
1: 
[⚫]/[[⚫] per cent of Initial Reference Value] 
 
 
• 
Final 
Redemption 
Barrier Value 
2: 
[⚫]/[[⚫] per cent of Initial Reference Value] 
 
 
• 
Final 
Redemption 
Rate 1: 
[[⚫]/[100] per cent.]/[A percentage rate to be determined 
by the Determination Agent before the Issue Date and 
notified to the Securityholders not more than 15 Business 
Days thereafter by publication on [⚫] (insert website 
address), provided that such percentage rate shall be [not 
less than [⚫] per cent.] [and] [not greater than [⚫] per 
cent.]] 
 
 
• 
Final 
Redemption 
Rate 2: 
[[⚫]/[100] per cent.]/[A percentage rate to be determined 
by the Determination Agent before the Issue Date and 
notified to the Securityholders not more than 15 Business 
Days thereafter by publication on [⚫] (insert website 
address), provided that such percentage rate shall be [not 
less than [⚫] per cent.] [and] [not greater than [⚫] per 
cent.]]

--- Page 668 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
668 
 
 
• 
Applicable 
Multiplier: 
[⚫] 
 
 
• 
Specified 
Percentage: 
[[⚫] per cent.]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Applicable 
Percentage: 
[⚫] per cent. 
 
 
• 
Applicable 
Floor: 
[[⚫] per cent.]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xvi) 
Dual Barrier Final 
Redemption 5: 
 
(Paragraph 3.16 of 
Section 
2 
of 
the 
Additional 
Conditions) 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
• 
Knock-in 
Value: 
[[Worst 
Performance]/[Best 
Performance]/[Selected 
Worst 
of 
Performance]/[Selected 
Best 
of 
Performance]/[Relevant Underlying Performance] is 
applicable]/[is the Relevant Underlying Value] [and "N" 
is equal to [⚫]] 
• 
Elections for 
Paragraph 
3.16(a) 
of 
Section 2 of 
the 
Additional 
Conditions: 
Final Redemption Amount shall be determined in 
accordance with Paragraph 3.16(a) if, as of [the 
Determination 
Date]/[each 
Final 
Redemption 
Observation Date in respect of the Determination 
Date]/[at any time during the Barrier Observation Period 
in respect of the Determination Date] the Determination 
Agent determines that the Knock-in Value [(in respect of 
each Basket Component)] is [greater than]/[greater than 
or equal to]//[equal to]/[less than]/[less than or equal to] 
the Final Redemption Barrier Value [(in respect of each 
Basket Component)] 
(delete as appropriate) 
• 
Elections for 
Paragraph 
3.16(b) 
of 
Section 2 of 
the 
Additional 
Conditions: 
Final Redemption Amount shall be determined in 
accordance with Paragraph 3.16(b) if 3.16(a) does not 
apply and if, as of [the Determination Date]/[each Final 
Redemption Observation Date in respect of the 
Determination Date]/[at any time during the Barrier 
Observation Period in respect of the Determination Date] 
the Determination Agent determines that the Relevant 
Underlying Value [(in respect of the Worst Performing 
Basket Component)] is [greater than]/[greater than or 
equal to]/[equal to]/[less than]/[less than or equal to] the 
Initial Reference Value [(in respect of the Worst 
Performing Basket Component)] 
(delete as appropriate) 
• 
Final 
Redemption 
Barrier 
Value: 
[⚫]/[[⚫] per cent of Initial Reference Value] 
 
[OR]

--- Page 669 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
669 
 
Basket Component 
Final Redemption Barrier 
Value 
[⚫] 
(repeat as required) 
[⚫]/[[⚫] per cent of Initial 
Reference Value]  
(repeat as required) 
• 
Elections for 
Paragraph 
3.16(c) 
of 
Section 2 of 
the 
Additional 
Conditions: 
[Basic 
Performance-Linked 
Redemption]/[Worst-of 
Basket Performance-Linked Redemption] 
(delete as appropriate) 
 
• 
Underlying 
Securities: 
[specify]/[Sub-Section IV of Section 2 of the Additional 
Conditions applies] 
• 
Physical 
Settlement 
Date: 
[⚫]/[General Condition 20.5 applies.] 
• 
Clearing 
System: 
[specify in respect of each Underlying Security]/[General 
Condition 20.5 applies] 
• 
Physical 
Delivery FX 
Rate: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
• 
Physical 
Delivery FX 
Determinatio
n Date: 
[⚫] 
 
• 
Specified 
Currency: 
[⚫]  
• 
Relevant 
Screen Page 
in respect of 
Specified 
Currency: 
[⚫] 
• 
Specified 
Time 
in 
respect 
of 
Specified 
Currency: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
• 
Second 
Currency: 
[⚫] 
• 
Relevant 
Screen Page 
in respect of 
Second 
Currency: 
[⚫]

--- Page 670 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
670 
 
• 
Specified 
Time 
in 
respect 
of 
Second 
Currency: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
• 
Specified 
Percentage: 
[[⚫] per cent.]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
 
 
(xvii) 
Dual 
Barrier 
Redemption 6: 
 
(Paragraph 3.17 
of 
Section 
2 
of 
the 
Additional 
Conditions) 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
• 
Elections for 
Paragraph 
3.17(a) 
of 
Section 2 of 
the 
Additional 
Conditions: 
If the Determination Agent determines that the Knock-in 
Value as of the [Determination Date]/[each Final 
Redemption Observation Date in respect of the 
Determination Date]/[at any time during the Barrier 
Observation Period in respect of the Determination Date] 
is [greater than]/[greater than or equal to]/[less than]/[less 
than or equal to] the Final Redemption Barrier Value 1, 
Final Redemption Amount shall be determined by the 
Determination Agent in accordance with Paragraph 
3.17(a) of Section 2 of the Additional Conditions. 
(delete as appropriate) 
 
• 
Elections for 
Paragraph 
3.17(b) 
of 
Section 2 of 
the 
Additional 
Conditions: 
If the Determination Agent determines that the Knock-in 
Value as of the [Determination Date]/[each Final 
Redemption Observation Date in respect of the 
Determination Date]/[at any time during the Barrier 
Observation Period in respect of the Determination Date] 
is [greater than]/[greater than or equal to]/[less than]/[less 
than or equal to] the Final Redemption Barrier Value 2, 
Final Redemption Amount shall be equal to 100 per cent. 
per Calculation Amount. 
(delete as appropriate) 
 
• 
Knock-in 
Value: 
[[Worst 
Performance]/[Best 
Performance]/[Selected 
Worst 
of 
Performance]/[Selected 
Best 
of 
Performance]/[Relevant Underlying Performance] is 
applicable]/[is the Relevant Underlying Value] [and "N" 
is equal to [⚫]] 
 
• 
Final 
Redemption 
Barrier Value 
1: 
[⚫]/[[⚫] per cent of Initial Reference Value] 
 
• 
Final 
Redemption 
Barrier Value 
2: 
[⚫]/[[⚫] per cent of Initial Reference Value]

--- Page 671 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
671 
 
• 
Determinatio
n Date: 
[date] 
 
• 
Final 
Redemption 
Observation 
Date(s): 
[[⚫]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Barrier 
Observation 
Period: 
[Barrier Observation Date]/[From [and including]/[but 
excluding] [Barrier Observation Period Start Date] to [but 
excluding]/[and including] [Barrier Observation Period 
End Date]]/[Each [Common ]Scheduled Trading Day 
beginning on (and including) [date] and ending on (but 
excluding) [date]] [subject to adjustment in accordance 
with [Condition 9.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates 
and Averaging Dates)]179/[Condition 13.1 (Market 
Disruption, 
Reference 
Dates 
and 
Averaging 
Dates)]180/[Condition 15.1 (Market Disruption, Reference 
Dates and Averaging Dates)]181]/[Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Specified 
Rate 1: 
[⚫]/[100] per cent. 
 
• 
Specified 
Rate 2: 
[⚫]/[100] per cent. 
 
• 
Specified 
Rate 3: 
[⚫]/[100] per cent. 
 
• 
Participation 
Rate 1: 
[⚫]/[100] per cent./[A percentage rate to be determined by 
the Determination Agent before the Issue Date and 
notified to the Securityholders not more than 15 Business 
Days thereafter by publication on [⚫] (insert website 
address), provided that such percentage rate shall be [not 
less than [⚫] per cent.] [and] [not greater than [⚫] per 
cent.]] 
 
• 
Participation 
Rate 2: 
[⚫]/[100] per cent./[A percentage rate to be determined by 
the Determination Agent before the Issue Date and 
notified to the Securityholders not more than 15 Business 
Days thereafter by publication on [⚫] (insert website 
address), provided that such percentage rate shall be [not 
less than [⚫] per cent.] [and] [not greater than [⚫] per 
cent.]] 
 
• 
Final 
Redemption 
Rate: 
[[⚫]/[100] per cent.]/[A percentage rate to be determined 
by the Determination Agent before the Issue Date and 
notified to the Securityholders not more than 15 Business 
Days thereafter by publication on [⚫] (insert website 
address), provided that such percentage rate shall be [not 
less than [⚫] per cent.] [and] [not greater than [⚫] per 
cent.]] 
 
 
179 
Insert language where the Securities are Share Basket Securities, Index Basket Securities or ETF Basket Securities 
180 
Insert language where the Securities are Fund Basket Securities  
181 
Insert language where the Securities are Futures Contract Basket Securities

--- Page 672 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
672 
 
• 
FXInitial: 
[In respect of Paragraph 3.17(a) of Section 2 of the 
Additional Conditions: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
[In respect of Paragraph 3.17(c) of Section 2 of the 
Additional Conditions: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
• 
FXFinal: 
[In respect of Paragraph 3.17(a) of Section 2 of the 
Additional Conditions: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
[In respect of Paragraph 3.17(c) of Section 2 of the 
Additional Conditions: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
• 
Specified 
Currency 
[⚫]/Not Applicable 
 
• 
Relevant 
Screen Page 
in respect of 
Specified 
Currency: 
[⚫]/Not Applicable 
 
• 
Specified 
Time 
in 
respect 
of 
Specified 
Currency: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
(Specify Not Applicable if the fall back in the definition of 
Specified Time in Sub-Section IV of Section 2 of the 
Additional Conditions applies) 
 
• 
Second 
Currency: 
[⚫]/Not Applicable 
 
• 
Relevant 
Screen Page 
in respect of 
Second 
Currency: 
[⚫]/Not Applicable 
 
• 
Specified 
Time 
in 
respect 
of 
Second 
Currency: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
(Specify Not Applicable if the fall back in the definition of 
Specified Time in Sub-Section IV of Section 2 of the 
Additional Conditions applies) 
 
• 
Relevant 
Underlying 
Performance 
for 
determining 
Final 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[insert Performance Determination Term specified below] 
applies. See paragraph [⚫] below for further details. 
 
• 
Initial 
Reference 
Value: 
[⚫]/[Determined 
in 
accordance 
with 
the 
Value 
Determination Terms specified in paragraph [⚫] below] 
 
 
[OR] 
 
 
 
Basket Component 
Initial Reference Value

--- Page 673 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
673 
 
[⚫] 
(repeat as required) 
[⚫]/[Determined in accordance 
with the Value Determination 
Terms specified in paragraph [⚫
] below] 
(repeat as required) 
 
• 
Initial 
Reference 
Value 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Specified 
Percentage: 
[[⚫] per cent.]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Final 
Reference 
Value: 
Determined in accordance with the Value Determination 
Terms specified in paragraph [⚫] below. 
 
 
• 
Relevant 
Underlying 
Value as of 
any 
Final 
Redemption 
Observation 
Date or Barrier 
Observation 
Period: 
[Not Applicable]/[Determined in accordance with the 
Value Determination Terms specified in paragraph [⚫] 
below] 
 
 
• 
Relevant 
Underlying 
Performance 
for 
determining 
the Knock-in 
Value: 
[insert Performance Determination Term specified below] 
applies. See paragraph [⚫] below for further details. 
 
 
(xviii) 
Dual 
Barrier 
Redemption – Twin 
Win 
 
(Paragraph 
3.18 
of 
Section 
2 
of 
the 
Additional Conditions) 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
 
• 
Elections 
for 
Paragraph 
3.18(a) 
of 
Section 2 of 
the Additional 
Conditions: 
If the Determination Agent determines that the Knock-in 
Value as of the [Determination Date]/[[each Final 
Redemption Observation Date in respect of the 
Determination Date]/[at any time during the Barrier 
Observation Period in respect of the Determination Date] 
is [greater than]/[greater than or equal to]/[less than]/[less 
than or equal to] the Final Redemption Barrier Value 1, 
Final Redemption Amount shall be determined by the 
Determination Agent in accordance with Paragraph 
3.18(a) of Section 2 of the Additional Conditions. 
(delete as appropriate)

--- Page 674 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
674 
 
 
• 
Elections 
for 
Paragraph 
3.18(b) 
of 
Section 2 of 
the Additional 
Conditions: 
If the Determination Agent determines that the Knock-in 
Value as of the [Determination Date]/[each Final 
Redemption Observation Date in respect of the 
Determination Date]/[at any time during the Barrier 
Observation Period in respect of the Determination Date]  
is [greater than]/[greater than or equal to]/[less than]/[less 
than or equal to] the Final Redemption Barrier Value 2, 
Final Redemption Amount shall be determined by the 
Determination Agent in accordance with Paragraph 
3.18(b) of Section 2 of the Additional Conditions. 
(delete as appropriate) 
 
 
• 
Knock-in 
Value: 
[[Worst 
Performance]/[Best 
Performance]/[Selected 
Worst 
of 
Performance]/[Selected 
Best 
of 
Performance]/[Relevant Underlying Performance] is 
applicable]/[is the Relevant Underlying Value] [and "N" 
is equal to [⚫]] 
 
 
• 
Final 
Redemption 
Barrier Value 
1: 
[⚫]/[[⚫] per cent of Initial Reference Value] 
 
 
• 
Final 
Redemption 
Barrier Value 
2: 
[⚫]/[[⚫] per cent of Initial Reference Value] 
 
 
• 
Determination 
Date: 
[date] 
 
 
• 
Final 
Redemption 
Observation 
Date(s): 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Barrier 
Observation 
Period(s): 
[Barrier Observation Date]/[From [and including]/[but 
excluding] [Barrier Observation Period Start Date] to [but 
excluding]/[and including] [Barrier Observation Period 
End Date]]/[Each [Common ]Scheduled Trading Day 
beginning on (and including) [date] and ending on (but 
excluding) [date]] [subject to adjustment in accordance 
with [Condition 9.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates 
and Averaging Dates)]182/[Condition 13.1 (Market 
Disruption, 
Reference 
Dates 
and 
Averaging 
Dates)]183/[Condition 15.1 (Market Disruption, Reference 
Dates and Averaging Dates)]184]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Specified Rate 
1: 
[⚫]/[100] per cent. 
 
 
• 
Specified Rate 
2: 
[⚫]/[100] per cent. 
 
 
182 
Insert language where the Securities are Share Basket Securities, Index Basket Securities or ETF Basket Securities 
183 
Insert language where the Securities are Fund Basket Securities  
184 
Insert language where the Securities are Futures Contract Basket Securities

--- Page 675 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
675 
 
 
• 
Specified Rate 
3: 
[⚫]/[100] per cent. 
 
 
• 
Participation 
Rate 1: 
[⚫]/[100] per cent./[A percentage rate to be determined by 
the Determination Agent before the Issue Date and 
notified to the Securityholders not more than 15 Business 
Days thereafter by publication on [⚫] (insert website 
address), provided that such percentage rate shall be [not 
less than [⚫] per cent.] [and] [not greater than [⚫] per 
cent.]] 
 
 
• 
Participation 
Rate 2: 
[⚫]/[100] per cent./[A percentage rate to be determined by 
the Determination Agent before the Issue Date and 
notified to the Securityholders not more than 15 Business 
Days thereafter by publication on [⚫] (insert website 
address), provided that such percentage rate shall be [not 
less than [⚫] per cent.] [and] [not greater than [⚫] per 
cent.]] 
 
 
• 
Participation 
Rate 3: 
[⚫]/[100] per cent./[A percentage rate to be determined by 
the Determination Agent before the Issue Date and 
notified to the Securityholders not more than 15 Business 
Days thereafter by publication on [⚫] (insert website 
address), provided that such percentage rate shall be [not 
less than [⚫] per cent.] [and] [not greater than [⚫] per 
cent.]] 
 
 
• 
Final 
Redemption 
Rate 1: 
[⚫] per cent. 
 
 
• 
Final 
Redemption 
Rate 2: 
[⚫] per cent. 
 
 
• 
FXInitial: 
[In respect of Paragraph 3.18(a) of Section 2 of the 
Additional Conditions: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
[In respect of Paragraph 3.18(b) of Section 2 of the 
Additional Conditions: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
[In respect of Paragraph 3.18(c) of Section 2 of the 
Additional Conditions: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
 
• 
FXFinal: 
[In respect of Paragraph 3.18(a) of Section 2 of the 
Additional Conditions: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
[In respect of Paragraph 3.18(b) of Section 2 of the 
Additional Conditions: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
[In respect of Paragraph 3.18(c) of Section 2 of the 
Additional Conditions: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
 
• 
Specified 
Currency: 
[⚫]/Not Applicable 
 
 
• 
Relevant 
Screen Page in 
respect 
of 
[⚫]/Not Applicable

--- Page 676 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
676 
 
Specified 
Currency: 
 
• 
Specified 
Time 
in 
respect 
of 
Specified 
Currency: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
(Specify Not Applicable if the fall back in the definition of 
Specified Time in Sub-Section IV of Section 2 of the 
Additional Conditions applies) 
 
 
• 
Settlement 
Currency: 
[⚫]/Not Applicable 
 
 
• 
Relevant 
Screen Page in 
respect 
of 
Second 
Currency: 
[⚫]/Not Applicable 
 
 
• 
Specified 
Time 
in 
respect 
of 
Second 
Currency: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
(Specify Not Applicable if the fall back in the definition of 
Specified Time in Sub-Section IV of Section 2 of the 
Additional Conditions applies) 
 
 
• 
Relevant 
Underlying 
Performance 
for 
determining 
Final 
Redemption 
Amount 
in 
accordance 
with 
Paragraph 
3.18(a) 
of 
Section 2 of 
the Additional 
Conditions: 
[insert Performance Determination Term specified below] 
applies. See paragraph [⚫] below for further details. 
 
 
• 
Relevant 
Underlying 
Performance 
(Put) 
for 
determining 
Final 
Redemption 
Amount 
in 
accordance 
with 
Paragraph 
3.18(b) 
of 
Section 2 of 
the Additional 
Conditions: 
[insert Performance Determination Term specified below] 
applies. See paragraph [⚫] below for further details. 
 
 
• 
Initial 
Reference 
Value: 
[●]/[Determined 
in 
accordance 
with 
the 
Value 
Determination Terms specified in Paragraph [●] below]

--- Page 677 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
677 
 
 
 
[OR] 
 
 
 
Basket Component 
Initial Reference Value 
 
[⚫] 
(repeat as required) 
[⚫]/[Determined in accordance 
with the Value Determination 
Terms specified in paragraph [⚫] 
below] 
(repeat as required) 
 
• 
Initial 
Reference 
Value 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Specified 
Percentage: 
[[⚫] per cent.]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Final 
Reference 
Value: 
Determined in accordance with the Value Determination 
Terms specified in paragraph [⚫] below. 
 
 
• 
Relevant 
Underlying 
Value as of 
any 
Final 
Redemption 
Observation 
Date or during 
any 
Barrier 
Observation 
Period: 
[Not Applicable]/[Determined in accordance with the 
Value Determination Terms specified in paragraph [⚫] 
below] 
 
 
• 
Relevant 
Underlying 
Performance 
for 
determining 
the Knock-in 
Value: 
[insert Performance Determination Term specified below] 
applies. See paragraph [⚫] below for further details. 
 
 
(xix) 
Performance 
Linked 
Redemption: 
 
(Paragraph 
3.19 
of 
Section 
2 
of 
the 
Additional 
Conditions) 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
 
• 
Knock-in 
Barrier Level 
(1): 
[⚫]/[[⚫] per cent of Initial Reference Value] 
 
 
• 
Knock-in 
Barrier Level 
(2): 
[⚫]/[[⚫] per cent of Initial Reference Value]

--- Page 678 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
678 
 
 
• 
Specified 
Rate: 
[⚫]/[100] per cent.  
 
 
• 
Specified 
Percentage: 
[[⚫] per cent.]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(xx) 
Mixto Redemption: 
 
(Paragraph 
3.20 
of 
Section 
2 
of 
the 
Additional 
Conditions) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(if Not Applicable, delete sub-paragraphs below) 
 
 
• 
Specified 
Rate 1 Final 
Redemption 
Amount:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(if Specified Rate 1 Final Redemption Amount is Not 
Applicable, delete "Specified Rate 1" below) 
 
 
• 
Specified 
Rate 1: 
[⚫]/[100] per cent. 
 
 
• 
Specified 
Rate 2: 
[⚫]/[100] per cent. 
 
 
• 
Barrier: 
[⚫] per cent. 
 
 
• 
Automatic 
Partial 
Redemption 
Date: 
[⚫] 
 
 
• 
Automatic 
Partial 
Redemption 
Rate: 
[⚫] per cent. 
 
 
• 
Determinatio
n Date: 
[●] 
 
 
• 
Initial 
Reference 
Value: 
[●]/[Determined 
in 
accordance 
with 
the 
Value 
Determination Terms specified in Paragraph [●] below] 
 
 
 
[OR] 
 
 
 
Basket Component 
Initial Reference value 
[●] 
(repeat as required) 
[●]/[Determined 
in 
accordance 
with 
the 
Value 
Determination 
Terms specified below] 
(repeat as required) 
 
 
• 
Initial 
Reference 
Value 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 679 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
679 
 
Determinatio
n Date(s): 
 
• 
Specified 
Percentage: 
[[●] per cent.]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(xxi) 
Participation 
and 
Performance-Linked 
Redemption: 
 
(Paragraph 3.21 
of 
Section 
2 
of 
the 
Additional 
Conditions) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(if Not Applicable, delete sub-paragraphs below) 
 
 
• 
Specified 
Rate: 
[[⚫]/[100] per cent.] 
 
 
• 
Final 
Redemption 
Rate: 
[[⚫]/[100] per cent.]/[A percentage rate to be determined 
by the Determination Agent before the Issue Date and 
notified to the Securityholders not more than 15 Business 
Days thereafter by publication on [⚫] (insert website 
address), provided that such percentage rate shall be [not 
less than [⚫] per cent.] [and] [not greater than [⚫] per 
cent.]] 
 
 
• 
Participation 
Rate: 
[[Not Applicable]/[⚫]/[100] per cent.]/[A percentage rate 
to be determined by the Determination Agent before the 
Issue Date and notified to the Securityholders not more 
than 15 Business Days thereafter by publication on [⚫] 
(insert website address), provided that such percentage 
rate shall be [not less than [⚫] per cent.] [and] [not greater 
than [⚫] per cent.]] 
 
 
• 
Relevant 
Underlying 
Performance 
for 
determining 
Final 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[insert Performance Determination Term specified below] 
applies. See paragraph [●] below for further details. 
 
 
• 
Determinatio
n Date: 
[●] 
 
 
• 
FX Return: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
FXInitial: 
[Determined in accordance with Section 2 of the 
Additional Conditions]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
FXFinal: 
[Determined in accordance with Section 2 of the 
Additional Conditions]/[Not Applicable]  
 
 
• 
Specified 
Currency: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable]  
 
 
• 
Relevant 
Screen Page 
in respect of 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 680 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
680 
 
Specified 
Currency: 
 
• 
Specified 
Time 
in 
respect 
of 
Specified 
Currency: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Second 
Currency: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Relevant 
Screen Page 
in respect of 
Second 
Currency: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Specified 
Time 
in 
respect 
of 
Second 
Currency: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable]  
 
 
(xxii) 
Synthetic 
Zero 
Redemption): 
 
(Paragraph 3.22 
of 
Section 
2 
of 
the 
Additional 
Conditions) 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
 
• 
Participation 
Rate: 
[[Not Applicable]/[⚫]/[100] per cent.]/[A percentage rate 
to be determined by the Determination Agent before the 
Issue Date and notified to the Securityholders not more 
than 15 Business Days thereafter by publication on [⚫] 
(insert website address), provided that such percentage 
rate shall be [not less than [⚫] per cent.] [and] [not greater 
than [⚫] per cent.]] 
 
 
• 
Determinatio
n Date: 
[date] 
 
 
• 
Specified 
Strike Value: 
[⚫]/[[⚫] per cent of Initial Reference Value] 
 
 
• 
Initial 
Reference 
Value: 
[⚫]/[Determined 
in 
accordance 
with 
the 
Value 
Determination Terms specified in paragraph [⚫] below] 
 
 
 
[OR] 
 
 
 
Basket 
Component 
Initial Reference Value 
 
[⚫] 
(repeat as required) 
[⚫]/[Determined in accordance 
with the Value Determination 
Terms specified in paragraph [⚫] 
below]

--- Page 681 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
681 
 
(repeat as required) 
 
• 
Initial 
Reference 
Value 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Specified 
Percentage: 
[[⚫] per cent.]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Final 
Reference 
Value: 
Determined in accordance with the Value Determination 
Terms specified in paragraph [⚫] below. 
 
 
(xxiii) 
Lock 
In 
Ladder 
Redemption): 
 
(Paragraph 
3.23 
of 
Section 
2 
of 
the 
Additional Conditions) 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
 
• 
Determination 
Date: 
[date] 
 
 
• 
Specified 
Rate: 
[⚫]/[100] per cent. 
 
 
• 
Participation 
Rate: 
[[Not Applicable]/[⚫]/[100] per cent.]/[A percentage rate 
to be determined by the Determination Agent before the 
Issue Date and notified to the Securityholders not more 
than 15 Business Days thereafter by publication on [⚫] 
(insert website address), provided that such percentage 
rate shall be [not less than [⚫] per cent.] [and] [not greater 
than [⚫] per cent.]] 
 
 
• 
Final 
Redemption 
Rate: 
[[⚫]/[100] per cent.]/[A percentage rate to be determined 
by the Determination Agent before the Issue Date and 
notified to the Securityholders not more than 15 Business 
Days thereafter by publication on [⚫] (insert website 
address), provided that such percentage rate shall be [not 
less than [⚫] per cent.] [and] [not greater than [⚫] per 
cent.]] 
 
 
• 
FXInitial: 
[Determined in accordance with Section 2 of the 
Additional Conditions]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
FXFinal: 
[Determined in accordance with Section 2 of the 
Additional Conditions]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Specified 
Currency: 
[⚫]/Not Applicable 
 
 
• 
Relevant 
Screen Page in 
respect 
of 
Specified 
Currency: 
[⚫]/Not Applicable

--- Page 682 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
682 
 
 
• 
Specified 
Time 
in 
respect 
of 
Specified 
Currency: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
(Specify Not Applicable if the fall back in the definition of 
Specified Time in Sub-Section IV of Section 2 of the 
Additional Conditions applies) 
 
 
• 
Second 
Currency: 
[⚫]/Not Applicable 
 
 
• 
Relevant 
Screen Page in 
respect 
of 
Second 
Currency: 
[⚫]/Not Applicable 
 
 
• 
Specified 
Time 
in 
respect 
of 
Second 
Currency: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
(Specify Not Applicable if the fall back in the definition of 
Specified Time in Sub-Section IV of Section 2 of the 
Additional Conditions applies) 
 
 
• 
Relevant 
Underlying 
Performance 
for 
determining 
Final 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[insert Performance Determination Term specified below] 
applies. See paragraph [⚫] below for further details. 
 
 
• 
Multiplier: 
[[Not Applicable]/[⚫]/[100] per cent.]/[A percentage rate 
to be determined by the Determination Agent before the 
Issue Date and notified to the Securityholders not more 
than 15 Business Days thereafter by publication on [⚫] 
(insert website address), provided that such percentage 
rate shall be [not less than [⚫] per cent.] [and] [not greater 
than [⚫] per cent.]] 
 
 
• 
Lock 
In 
Steps/Lock In 
Steps Range: 
[The Lock In Steps shall be [⚫] per cent.[, [⚫] per cent….] 
and [⚫] per cent.] 
OR 
[The Lock In Steps Ranges shall be from [⚫] per cent. to 
[⚫] per cent.[, from [⚫] per cent to [⚫] per cent.[,] [repeat 
as required]] [and from [⚫] per cent to [⚫] per cent]. 
The Determination Agent shall in its reasonable discretion 
set the Lock In Steps which shall be percentages which 
fall within the Lock In Steps Ranges specified above. The 
Determination Agent may set one Lock In Step per Lock 
In Step Range specified above but shall not be obliged to 
specify a Lock In Step for each of the Lock In Step Ranges 
specified above. The Determination Agent shall notify the 
Securityholders (in accordance with Condition 28 
(Notices)) of the Lock In Steps as soon as practicable 
following the Issue Date and in any event not more than 
15 Business Days following the Issue Date.]

--- Page 683 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
683 
 
 
• 
Lock 
In 
Observation 
Date(s): 
[⚫]/[Each [Common ]Scheduled Trading Day beginning 
on (and including) [date] and ending on (but excluding) 
[date]] [subject to adjustment in accordance with 
[Condition 9.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates and 
Averaging 
Dates)]185/[Condition 
13.1 
(Market 
Disruption, 
Reference 
Dates 
and 
Averaging 
Dates)]186/[Condition 15.1 (Market Disruption, Reference 
Dates and Averaging Dates)]187] 
 
 
(xxiv) 
Lock In Ladder Barrier 
Redemption: 
 
(Paragraph 
3.24 
of 
Section 
2 
of 
the 
Additional Conditions) 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
 
• 
Worst 
Performance: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Elections 
for 
Paragraph 
3.24(a) 
of 
Section 2 of 
the Additional 
Conditions: 
If the Determination Agent determines that the Knock-in 
Value as of the [Determination Date]/[each Final 
Redemption Observation Date in respect of the 
Determination Date]/[at any time during the Barrier 
Observation Period in respect of the Determination Date] 
is [greater than]/[greater than or equal to]/[less than]/[less 
than or equal to] the Final Redemption Barrier Value, 
Final Redemption Amount shall determine by the 
Determination Agent in accordance with Paragraph 
3.24(a) of Section 2 of the Additional Conditions. 
(delete as appropriate) 
 
 
• 
Knock-in 
Value: 
[[Worst 
Performance]/[Best 
Performance]/[Selected 
Worst 
of 
Performance]/[Selected 
Best 
of 
Performance]/[Relevant Underlying Performance] is 
applicable]/[is the Relevant Underlying Value] [and "N" 
is equal to [⚫]] 
 
 
• 
Final 
Redemption 
Barrier Value: 
[⚫]/[[⚫] per cent of Initial Reference Value] 
 
 
• 
Determination 
Date: 
[date] 
 
 
• 
Final 
Redemption 
Observation 
Date(s): 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Barrier 
Observation 
Period(s): 
[Barrier Observation Date]/[From [and including]/[but 
excluding] [Barrier Observation Period Start Date] to [but 
excluding]/[and including] [Barrier Observation Period 
End Date]]/[Each [Common ]Scheduled Trading Day 
beginning on (and including) [date] and ending on (but 
 
 
185 
Insert language where the Securities are Share Basket Securities, Index Basket Securities or ETF Basket Securities 
186 
Insert language where the Securities are Fund Basket Securities  
187 
Insert language where the Securities are Futures Contract Basket Securities

--- Page 684 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
684 
 
excluding) [date]] [subject to adjustment in accordance 
with [Condition 9.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates 
and Averaging Dates)]188/[Condition 13.1 (Market 
Disruption, 
Reference 
Dates 
and 
Averaging 
Dates)]189/[Condition 15.1 (Market Disruption, Reference 
Dates and Averaging Dates)]190]/[Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Specified Rate 
1: 
[⚫]/[100] per cent. 
 
 
• 
Specified Rate 
2: 
[⚫]/[100] per cent. 
 
 
• 
Participation 
Rate 1: 
[⚫]/[100] per cent./[A percentage rate to be determined by 
the Determination Agent before the Issue Date and 
notified to the Securityholders not more than 15 Business 
Days thereafter by publication on [⚫] (insert website 
address), provided that such percentage rate shall be [not 
less than [⚫] per cent.] [and] [not greater than [⚫] per 
cent.]] 
 
 
• 
Participation 
Rate 2: 
[⚫]/[100] per cent./[A percentage rate to be determined by 
the Determination Agent before the Issue Date and 
notified to the Securityholders not more than 15 Business 
Days thereafter by publication on [⚫] (insert website 
address), provided that such percentage rate shall be [not 
less than [⚫] per cent.] [and] [not greater than [⚫] per 
cent.]] 
 
 
• 
Final 
Redemption 
Rate: 
[[⚫]/[100] per cent.]/[A percentage rate to be determined 
by the Determination Agent before the Issue Date and 
notified to the Securityholders not more than 15 Business 
Days thereafter by publication on [⚫] (insert website 
address), provided that such percentage rate shall be [not 
less than [⚫] per cent.] [and] [not greater than [⚫] per 
cent.]] 
 
 
• 
Multiplier: 
[[Not Applicable]/[⚫]/[100] per cent.]/[A percentage rate 
to be determined by the Determination Agent before the 
Issue Date and notified to the Securityholders not more 
than 15 Business Days thereafter by publication on [⚫] 
(insert website address), provided that such percentage 
rate shall be [not less than [⚫] per cent.] [and] [not greater 
than [⚫] per cent.]] 
 
 
• 
FXFinal: 
[In respect of Paragraph 3.24(a) of Section 2 of the 
Additional Conditions: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
[In respect of Paragraph 3.24(b) of Section 2 of the 
Additional Conditions: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
[In respect of Paragraph 3.24(c) of Section 2 of the 
Additional Conditions: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
 
188 
Insert language where the Securities are Share Basket Securities, Index Basket Securities or ETF Basket Securities 
189 
Insert language where the Securities are Fund Basket Securities  
190 
Insert language where the Securities are Futures Contract Basket Securities

--- Page 685 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
685 
 
 
• 
FXInitial: 
[In respect of Paragraph 3.24(a) of Section 2 of the 
Additional Conditions: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
[In respect of Paragraph 3.24(b) of Section 2 of the 
Additional Conditions: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
[In respect of Paragraph 3.24(c) of Section 2 of the 
Additional Conditions: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
 
• 
Specified 
Currency: 
[⚫]/Not Applicable 
 
 
• 
Relevant 
Screen Page in 
respect 
of 
Specified 
Currency: 
[⚫]/Not Applicable 
 
 
• 
Specified 
Time 
in 
respect 
of 
Specified 
Currency: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
(Specify Not Applicable if the fall back in the definition of 
Specified Time in Sub-Section IV of Section 2 of the 
Additional Conditions applies) 
 
 
• 
Second 
Currency: 
[⚫]/Not Applicable 
 
 
• 
Relevant 
Screen Page in 
respect 
of 
Second 
Currency: 
[⚫]/Not Applicable 
 
 
• 
Specified 
Time 
in 
respect 
of 
Second 
Currency: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
(Specify Not Applicable if the fall back in the definition of 
Specified Time in Sub-Section IV of Section 2 of the 
Additional Conditions applies) 
 
 
• 
Lock 
In 
Steps/Lock In 
Steps Range: 
[The Lock In Steps shall be [⚫] per cent.[, [⚫] per cent….] 
and [⚫] per cent.] 
OR 
[The Lock In Steps Ranges shall be from [⚫] per cent. to 
[⚫] per cent.[, from [⚫] per cent to [⚫] per cent.[,] [repeat 
as required]] [and from [⚫] per cent to [⚫] per cent]. 
The Determination Agent shall in its reasonable discretion 
set the Lock In Steps which shall be percentages which 
fall within the Lock In Steps Ranges specified above. The 
Determination Agent may set one Lock In Step per Lock 
In Step Range specified above but shall not be obliged to 
specify a Lock In Step for each of the Lock In Step Ranges 
specified above. The Determination Agent shall notify the 
Securityholders (in accordance with Condition 28 
(Notices)) of the Lock In Steps as soon as practicable 
following the Issue Date and in any event not more than 
15 Business Days following the Issue Date.]

--- Page 686 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
686 
 
 
• 
Lock 
In 
Observation 
Date(s): 
[⚫]/[Each [Common ]Scheduled Trading Day beginning 
on (and including) [date] and ending on (but excluding) 
[date]] [subject to adjustment in accordance with 
[Condition 9.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates and 
Averaging 
Dates)]191/[Condition 
13.1 
(Market 
Disruption, 
Reference 
Dates 
and 
Averaging 
Dates)]192/[Condition 15.1 (Market Disruption, Reference 
Dates and Averaging Dates)]193] 
 
 
• 
Initial 
Reference 
Value: 
[⚫]/[Determined 
in 
accordance 
with 
the 
Value 
Determination Terms specified in paragraph [⚫] below] 
 
 
 
[OR] 
 
 
 
Basket Component 
Initial Reference Value 
 
[⚫] 
(repeat as required) 
[⚫]/[Determined in accordance 
with the Value Determination 
Terms specified in paragraph [⚫
] below] 
(repeat as required) 
 
• 
Initial 
Reference 
Value 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Specified 
Percentage: 
[[⚫] per cent.]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Final 
Reference 
Value: 
[Not Applicable]/[Determined in accordance with the 
Value Determination Terms specified in paragraph [⚫] 
below] 
 
 
• 
Relevant 
Underlying 
Value as of 
any 
Final 
Redemption 
Observation 
Date or during 
any 
Barrier 
Observation 
Period: 
[Not Applicable]/[Determined in accordance with the 
Value Determination Terms specified in paragraph [⚫] 
below] 
 
 
• 
Relevant 
Underlying 
Performance 
for 
determining 
[insert Performance Determination Term specified below] 
applies. See paragraph [⚫] below for further details. 
 
 
191 
Insert language where the Securities are Share Basket Securities, Index Basket Securities or ETF Basket Securities 
192 
Insert language where the Securities are Fund Basket Securities  
193 
Insert language where the Securities are Futures Contract Basket Securities

--- Page 687 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
687 
 
the Knock-in 
Value: 
 
(xxv) 
Ranked 
Underlying 
Redemption: 
 
(Paragraph 
3.25 
of 
Section 
2 
of 
the 
Additional Conditions) 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
 
• 
Determination 
Date: 
[date] 
 
 
• 
Specified 
Rate: 
[⚫]/[100] per cent. 
 
 
• 
Participation 
Rate: 
[[Not Applicable]/[⚫]/[100] per cent.]/[A percentage rate 
to be determined by the Determination Agent before the 
Issue Date and notified to the Securityholders not more 
than 15 Business Days thereafter by publication on [⚫] 
(insert website address), provided that such percentage 
rate shall be [not less than [⚫] per cent.] [and] [not greater 
than [⚫] per cent.]] 
 
 
• 
Final 
Redemption 
Rate: 
[[⚫]/[100] per cent.]/[A percentage rate to be determined 
by the Determination Agent before the Issue Date and 
notified to the Securityholders not more than 15 Business 
Days thereafter by publication on [⚫] (insert website 
address), provided that such percentage rate shall be [not 
less than [⚫] per cent.] [and] [not greater than [⚫] per 
cent.]] 
 
 
• 
FXInitial: 
[Determined in accordance with Section 2 of the 
Additional Conditions]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
FXFinal: 
[Determined in accordance with Section 2 of the 
Additional Conditions]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Specified 
Currency: 
[⚫]/Not Applicable 
 
 
• 
Relevant 
Screen Page in 
respect 
of 
Specified 
Currency: 
[⚫]/Not Applicable 
 
 
• 
Specified 
Time 
in 
respect 
of 
Specified 
Currency: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
(Specify Not Applicable if the fall back in the definition of 
Specified Time in Sub-Section IV of Section 2 of the 
Additional Conditions applies) 
 
 
• 
Second 
Currency 
[⚫]/Not Applicable 
 
 
• 
Relevant 
Screen Page in 
respect 
of 
[⚫]/Not Applicable

--- Page 688 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
688 
 
Second 
Currency: 
 
• 
Specified 
Time 
in 
respect 
of 
Second 
Currency: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
(Specify Not Applicable if the fall back in the definition of 
Specified Time in Sub-Section IV of Section 2 of the 
Additional Conditions applies) 
 
 
• 
Relevant 
Underlying 
Performance 
for 
determining 
Final 
Redemption 
Amount: 
Selected Average Top Rank Performance applies. See 
paragraph [⚫] below for further details. 
(delete as appropriate) 
 
 
(xxvi) 
Multiple 
Barrier 
Redemption: 
 
(Paragraph 
3.26 
of 
Section 
2 
of 
the 
Additional Conditions) 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
 
• 
Date or period 
on/during 
which 
the 
Determination 
Agent 
will 
check 
the 
Knock-in 
Value: 
as of the [Determination Date] [each Final Redemption 
Observation Date in respect of the Determination 
Date]/[at any time during the Barrier Observation Period 
in respect of the Determination Date] 
 
 
• 
Knock-in 
Value 
is 
required to be: 
[greater than]/[greater than or equal to]/[less than]/[less 
than or equal to] the Specified Final Redemption Barrier 
Value 
 
 
• 
Knock-in 
Value: 
[[Worst 
Performance]/[Best 
Performance]/[Selected 
Worst 
of 
Performance]/[Selected 
Best 
of 
Performance]/[Relevant Underlying Performance] is 
applicable]/[is the Relevant Underlying Value] [and "N" 
is equal to [⚫]] 
 
 
• 
Determination 
Date: 
[date] 
 
 
• 
Final 
Redemption 
Observation 
Date(s): 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Barrier 
Observation 
Period(s): 
[Barrier Observation Date]/[From [and including]/[but 
excluding] [Barrier Observation Period Start Date] to [but 
excluding]/[and including] [Barrier Observation Period 
End Date]]/[Each [Common ]Scheduled Trading Day 
beginning on (and including) [date] and ending on (but 
excluding) [date]] [subject to adjustment in accordance 
with [Condition 9.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates

--- Page 689 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
689 
 
and Averaging Dates)]194/[Condition 13.1 (Market 
Disruption, 
Reference 
Dates 
and 
Averaging 
Dates)]195/[Condition 15.1 (Market Disruption, Reference 
Dates and Averaging Dates)]196]/[Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Specified 
Final 
Redemption 
Barrier 
Value(s) 
and 
corresponding 
Specified 
Final 
Redemption 
Rate(s): 
Specified Final Redemption 
Barrier Value 
Specified Final 
Redemption Rate 
 
[⚫]/[[⚫] 
per 
cent 
of 
Initial 
Reference Value] 
(repeat as required) 
[⚫] per cent. 
(repeat as required) 
 
• 
Initial 
Reference 
Value: 
[⚫]/[Determined 
in 
accordance 
with 
the 
Value 
Determination Terms specified in paragraph [⚫] below] 
 
 
 
[OR] 
 
 
 
Basket Component 
Initial Reference Value 
 
[⚫] 
(repeat as required) 
[⚫]/[Determined 
in 
accordance with the Value 
Determination 
Terms 
specified in paragraph [⚫] 
below] 
(repeat as required) 
 
• 
Initial 
Reference 
Value 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Specified 
Percentage: 
[[⚫] per cent.]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Final 
Reference 
Value: 
[Not Applicable]/[Determined in accordance with the 
Value Determination Terms specified in paragraph [⚫] 
below] 
 
 
• 
Relevant 
Underlying 
Value as of 
any 
Final 
Redemption 
Observation 
Date or during 
any 
Barrier 
[Not Applicable]/[Determined in accordance with the 
Value Determination Terms specified in paragraph [⚫] 
below] 
 
 
194 
Insert language where the Securities are Share Basket Securities, Index Basket Securities or ETF Basket Securities 
195 
Insert language where the Securities are Fund Basket Securities  
196 
Insert language where the Securities are Futures Contract Basket Securities

--- Page 690 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
690 
 
Observation 
Period: 
 
• 
Relevant 
Underlying 
Performance 
for 
determining 
the Knock-in 
Value: 
[insert Performance Determination Term specified below] 
applies. See paragraph [⚫] below for further details. 
 
 
(xxvii) Inflation 
Linked 
Redemption: 
 
(Paragraph 
3.27 
of 
Section 
2 
of 
the 
Additional Conditions) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
 
(if Not Applicable, delete sub-paragraphs below) 
 
 
• 
Determination 
Date: 
[⚫] 
 
 
• 
Specified 
Rate: 
[⚫]/[100] per cent. 
 
 
• 
Participation 
Rate: 
[Not Applicable]/[⚫]/[100] per cent.]/[A percentage rate 
to be determined by the Determination Agent before the 
Issue Date and notified to the Securityholders not more 
than 15 Business Days thereafter by publication on [⚫] 
(insert website address), provided that such percentage 
rate shall be [not less than [⚫] per cent.] [and] [not greater 
than [⚫] per cent.] 
 
 
• 
CPIInitial: 
[⚫]/[Initial Inflation Index Level] 
 
 
• 
Determination 
Month 
(Initial): 
[⚫] (specify if Initial Inflation Index Level is applicable) 
 
 
• 
Determination 
Month (Final): 
[insert calendar month] of [insert year] 
 
 
• 
Redemption 
Cap: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Redemption 
Floor: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(xxviii) Booster 
Redemption 
(1): 
 
(Paragraph 
3.28 
of 
Section 
2 
of 
the 
Additional Conditions) 
[Basic 
Performance-Linked 
Redemption]/[Worst-of 
Basket 
Performance-Linked 
Redemption]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
 
 
(if Not Applicable, delete sub-paragraphs below)

--- Page 691 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
691 
 
 
• 
Physical 
Settlement: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Physical Settlement does not apply in respect of the 
Securities, delete "Underlying Securities" to "Specified 
Time in respect of Second Currency" below.) 
 
 
• 
Elections 
for 
Paragraph 
3.28(b) 
of 
Section 2 of 
the Additional 
Conditions: 
Final Redemption Amount shall be determined in 
accordance with Paragraph 3.28(b)(i) if, as of [the 
Determination 
Date]/[each 
Final 
Redemption 
Observation Date in respect of the Determination 
Date]/[at any time during the Barrier Observation Period 
in respect of the Determination Date] the Determination 
Agent determines that the Knock-in Value is [greater 
than]/[greater than or equal to]//[equal to]/[less than]/[less 
than or equal to] the Final Redemption Barrier Value 
(delete as appropriate) 
 
 
• 
Knock-in 
Value: 
[[Worst 
Performance]/[Best 
Performance]/[Selected 
Worst 
of 
Performance]/[Selected 
Best 
of 
Performance]/[Relevant Underlying Performance] is 
applicable]/[is the Relevant Underlying Value] [and "N" 
is equal to [⚫]] 
 
 
• 
Final 
Redemption 
Barrier Value: 
[⚫]/[[⚫] per cent of Initial Reference Value] 
 
 
• 
Determination 
Date: 
[⚫] 
 
 
• 
Participation 
Rate: 
[Not Applicable]/[⚫]/[100] per cent.]/[A percentage rate 
to be determined by the Determination Agent before the 
Issue Date and notified to the Securityholders not more 
than 15 Business Days thereafter by publication on [⚫] 
(insert website address), provided that such percentage 
rate shall be [not less than [⚫] per cent.] [and] [not greater 
than [⚫] per cent.] 
 
 
• 
Initial 
Reference 
Value: 
[⚫]/[Determined 
in 
accordance 
with 
the 
Value 
Determination Terms specified in paragraph [⚫] below] 
 
 
 
[OR] 
 
 
 
Basket Component 
Initial Reference Value 
 
 
 
[⚫] 
(repeat as required) 
[⚫]/[Determined 
in 
accordance 
with 
the 
Value 
Determination 
Terms 
specified 
in 
paragraph [⚫] below] 
(repeat as required) 
 
 
• 
Initial 
Reference 
Value 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 692 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
692 
 
 
• 
Specified 
Percentage: 
[[⚫] per cent.]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Final 
Reference 
Value: 
[Not Applicable]/[Determined in accordance with the 
Value Determination Terms specified in paragraph [⚫] 
below] 
 
 
• 
Call Strike: 
[⚫] per cent. 
 
 
• 
Put Strike: 
[[⚫] per cent.]/[Not Applicable] 
(Specify "Not Applicable" if Physical Settlement applies 
in respect of the Securities.)  
 
 
• 
Relevant 
Underlying 
Value as of 
any 
Final 
Redemption 
Observation 
Date or during 
any 
Barrier 
Observation 
Period: 
[Not Applicable]/[Determined in accordance with the 
Value Determination Terms specified in paragraph [⚫] 
below] 
 
 
• 
Relevant 
Underlying 
Performance 
for 
determining 
the Knock-in 
Value: 
[insert Performance Determination Term specified below] 
applies. See paragraph [⚫] below for further details. 
 
 
• 
Underlying 
Securities: 
[specify]/[Sub-Section IV of Section 2 of the Additional 
Conditions applies] 
 
 
• 
Physical 
Settlement 
Date: 
[⚫]/[General Condition 20.5 applies.] 
 
 
• 
Clearing 
System: 
[specify in respect of each Underlying Security]/[General 
Condition 20.5 applies] 
 
 
• 
Physical 
Delivery 
FX 
Rate: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph.) 
 
 
• 
Physical 
Delivery 
FX 
Determination 
Date: 
[⚫] 
 
 
 
• 
Specified 
Currency: 
[⚫] 
 
 
• 
Relevant 
Screen Page in 
respect 
of 
[⚫]

--- Page 693 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
693 
 
Specified 
Currency: 
 
• 
Specified 
Time 
in 
respect 
of 
Specified 
Currency: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
• 
Second 
Currency: 
[⚫] 
 
 
• 
Relevant 
Screen Page in 
respect 
of 
Second 
Currency: 
[⚫] 
 
 
• 
Specified 
Time 
in 
respect 
of 
Second 
Currency: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(xxix) 
Booster 
Redemption 
(2): 
 
(Paragraph 
3.29 
of 
Section 
2 
of 
the 
Additional Conditions) 
[Basic 
Performance-Linked 
Redemption]/[Worst-of 
Basket 
Performance-Linked 
Redemption]/[Basket 
Performance-Linked Redemption]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
 
(if Not Applicable, delete sub-paragraphs below) 
 
 
• 
Physical 
Settlement: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Physical Settlement does not apply in respect of the 
Securities, delete "Underlying Securities" to "Specified 
Time in respect of Second Currency" below.) 
 
 
• 
Barrier 
Feature 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Elections 
for 
Paragraph 
3.29(a) 
of 
Section 2 of 
the Additional 
Conditions  
Final Redemption Amount shall be determined in 
accordance with Paragraph 3.29(a)(i) if, as of [the 
Determination 
Date]/[each 
Final 
Redemption 
Observation Date in respect of the Determination 
Date]/[at any time during the Barrier Observation Period 
in respect of the Determination Date] the Determination 
Agent determines that the Knock-in Value is [greater 
than]/[greater than or equal to]//[equal to]/[less than]/[less 
than or equal to] the Final Redemption Barrier Value 
(delete as appropriate) 
(Specify if Barrier Feature and Physical Settlement are 
specified as applicable, otherwise specify as “Not 
Applicable”.) 
 
 
• 
Elections 
for 
Paragraph 
3.29(b) 
of 
Final Redemption Amount shall be determined in 
accordance with Paragraph 3.29(b)(i) if, as of [the 
Determination 
Date]/[each 
Final 
Redemption

--- Page 694 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
694 
 
Section 2 of 
the Additional 
Conditions: 
Observation Date in respect of the Determination 
Date]/[at any time during the Barrier Observation Period 
in respect of the Determination Date] the Determination 
Agent determines that the Knock-in Value is [greater 
than]/[greater than or equal to]//[equal to]/[less than]/[less 
than or equal to] the Final Redemption Barrier Value 
(delete as appropriate) 
 
• 
Knock-in 
Value: 
[[Worst 
Performance]/[Best 
Performance]/[Selected 
Worst 
of 
Performance]/[Selected 
Best 
of 
Performance]/[Relevant Underlying Performance] is 
applicable]/[is the Relevant Underlying Value] [and "N" 
is equal to [⚫]] 
 
 
• 
Downside 
Multiplier 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Final 
Upside 
Return 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Final 
Redemption 
Barrier Value: 
[⚫]/[[⚫] per cent of Initial Reference Value] 
 
 
• 
Determination 
Date: 
[⚫] 
 
 
• 
Participation 
Rate: 
[Not Applicable]/[⚫]/[100] per cent.]/[A percentage rate 
to be determined by the Determination Agent before the 
Issue Date and notified to the Securityholders not more 
than 15 Business Days thereafter by publication on [⚫] 
(insert website address), provided that such percentage 
rate shall be [not less than [⚫] per cent.] [and] [not greater 
than [⚫] per cent.] 
 
 
• 
Initial 
Reference 
Value: 
[⚫]/[Determined 
in 
accordance 
with 
the 
Value 
Determination Terms specified in paragraph [⚫] below] 
 
 
 
[OR] 
 
 
 
Basket Component 
Initial Reference Value 
 
 
 
[⚫] 
(repeat as required) 
[⚫]/[Determined 
in 
accordance 
with 
the 
Value 
Determination 
Terms 
specified 
in 
paragraph [⚫] below] 
(repeat as required) 
 
 
• 
Initial 
Reference 
Value 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Specified 
Percentage: 
[[⚫] per cent.]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 695 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
695 
 
 
• 
Final 
Reference 
Value: 
[Not Applicable]/[Determined in accordance with the 
Value Determination Terms specified in paragraph [⚫] 
below] 
 
 
• 
Downside 
Gearing Rate: 
[[⚫] per cent. ]/[Not Applicable] 
(Specify "Not Applicable" if Physical Settlement applies 
in respect of the Securities.) 
 
 
• 
Performance 
Cap: 
[⚫] per cent. 
 
 
• 
Call Strike: 
[⚫] per cent. 
 
 
• 
Put Strike: 
[[⚫] per cent.]/[Not Applicable] 
(Specify "Not Applicable" if Physical Settlement applies 
in respect of the Securities.) 
 
 
• 
Relevant 
Underlying 
Value as of 
any 
Final 
Redemption 
Observation 
Date or during 
any 
Barrier 
Observation 
Period: 
[Not Applicable]/[Determined in accordance with the 
Value Determination Terms specified in paragraph [⚫] 
below] 
 
 
• 
Relevant 
Underlying 
Performance 
for 
determining 
the Knock-in 
Value: 
[insert Performance Determination Term specified below] 
applies. See paragraph [⚫] below for further details. 
 
 
• 
Underlying 
Securities: 
[specify]/[Sub-Section IV of Section 2 of the Additional 
Conditions applies] 
 
 
• 
Physical 
Settlement 
Date: 
[⚫]/[General Condition 20.5 applies.] 
 
 
• 
Clearing 
System: 
[specify in respect of each Underlying Security]/[General 
Condition 20.5 applies] 
 
 
• 
Physical 
Delivery 
FX 
Rate: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph.) 
 
 
• 
Physical 
Delivery 
FX 
Determination 
Date: 
[⚫]

--- Page 696 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
696 
 
 
• 
Specified 
Currency: 
[⚫] 
 
 
• 
Relevant 
Screen Page in 
respect 
of 
Specified 
Currency: 
[⚫] 
 
 
• 
Specified 
Time 
in 
respect 
of 
Specified 
Currency: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
• 
Second 
Currency 
[⚫] 
 
 
• 
Relevant 
Screen Page in 
respect 
of 
Second 
Currency: 
[⚫] 
 
 
• 
Specified 
Time 
in 
respect 
of 
Second 
Currency: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(xxx) 
Booster 
Redemption 
(3): 
 
(Paragraph 
3.30 
of 
Section 
2 
of 
the 
Additional Conditions) 
[Basic 
Performance-Linked 
Redemption]/[Worst-of 
Basket 
Performance-Linked 
Redemption]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
 
 
(if Not Applicable, delete sub-paragraphs below) 
 
 
• 
Physical 
Settlement: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Physical Settlement does not apply in respect of the 
Securities, delete "Underlying Securities" to "Specified 
Time in respect of Second Currency" below.) 
 
 
• 
Elections 
for 
Paragraph 
3.30(b) 
of 
Section 2 of 
the Additional 
Conditions: 
Final Redemption Amount shall be determined in 
accordance with Paragraph 3.30(b)(i) if, as of [the 
Determination 
Date]/[each 
Final 
Redemption 
Observation Date in respect of the Determination 
Date]/[at any time during the Barrier Observation Period 
in respect of the Determination Date] the Determination 
Agent determines that the Knock-in Value is [greater 
than]/[greater than or equal to]//[equal to]/[less than]/[less 
than or equal to] the Final Redemption Barrier Value 
(delete as appropriate) 
 
 
• 
Knock-in 
Value: 
[[Worst 
Performance]/[Best 
Performance]/[Selected 
Worst 
of 
Performance]/[Selected 
Best 
of 
Performance]/[Relevant Underlying Performance] is

--- Page 697 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
697 
 
applicable]/[is the Relevant Underlying Value] [and "N" 
is equal to [⚫]] 
 
• 
Final 
Redemption 
Barrier Value: 
[⚫]/[[⚫] per cent of Initial Reference Value] 
 
 
• 
Participation 
Rate: 
[Not Applicable]/[⚫]/[100] per cent.]/[A percentage rate 
to be determined by the Determination Agent before the 
Issue Date and notified to the Securityholders not more 
than 15 Business Days thereafter by publication on [⚫] 
(insert website address), provided that such percentage 
rate shall be [not less than [⚫] per cent.] [and] [not greater 
than [⚫] per cent.] 
 
 
• 
Initial 
Reference 
Value: 
[⚫]/[Determined 
in 
accordance 
with 
the 
Value 
Determination Terms specified in paragraph [⚫] below] 
 
 
 
[OR] 
 
 
 
Basket Component 
Initial Reference Value 
 
 
 
[⚫] 
(repeat as required) 
[⚫]/[Determined 
in 
accordance with the Value 
Determination 
Terms 
specified in paragraph [⚫] 
below] 
(repeat as required) 
 
 
• 
Initial 
Reference 
Value 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Specified 
Percentage: 
[[⚫] per cent.]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Value 
Determination 
Terms 
for 
Final 
Reference 
Value 
(Final 
Redemption) 
as of the Final 
Redemption 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[Spot Value]/[Intraday Value]/[Opening Value]/[Closing 
Value]/[Average Value]/[Commodity Specified Price]   
 
 
• 
Final 
Redemption 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[⚫] 
 
 
• 
Specified 
Rate: 
[[⚫] per cent. ]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 698 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
698 
 
(Specify "Not Applicable" if Physical Settlement applies 
in respect of the Securities.) 
 
• 
Call Strike: 
[⚫] per cent. 
 
 
• 
Final 
Reference 
Value: 
[Not Applicable]/[Determined in accordance with the 
Value Determination Terms specified in paragraph [⚫] 
below] 
 
 
• 
Relevant 
Underlying 
Value as of 
any 
Final 
Redemption 
Observation 
Date or during 
any 
Barrier 
Observation 
Period: 
[Not Applicable]/[Determined in accordance with the 
Value Determination Terms specified in paragraph [⚫] 
below] 
 
 
• 
Relevant 
Underlying 
Performance 
for 
determining 
the Knock-in 
Value: 
[insert Performance Determination Term specified below] 
applies. See paragraph [⚫] below for further details. 
 
 
• 
Underlying 
Securities: 
[specify]/[Sub-Section IV of Section 2 of the Additional 
Conditions applies] 
 
 
• 
Physical 
Settlement 
Date: 
[⚫]/[General Condition 20.5 applies.] 
 
 
• 
Clearing 
System: 
[specify in respect of each Underlying Security]/[General 
Condition 20.5 applies] 
 
 
• 
Physical 
Delivery 
FX 
Rate: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph.) 
 
 
• 
Physical 
Delivery 
FX 
Determination 
Date: 
[⚫] 
 
 
 
• 
Specified 
Currency: 
[⚫] 
 
 
• 
Relevant 
Screen Page in 
respect 
of 
Specified 
Currency: 
[⚫] 
 
 
• 
Specified 
Time 
in 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 699 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
699 
 
respect 
of 
Specified 
Currency: 
 
 
• 
Second 
Currency 
[⚫] 
 
 
• 
Relevant 
Screen Page in 
respect 
of 
Second 
Currency: 
[⚫] 
 
 
• 
Specified 
Time 
in 
respect 
of 
Second 
Currency: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(xxxi) 
Booster 
Redemption 
(4): 
 
(Paragraph 
3.31 
of 
Section 
2 
of 
the 
Additional Conditions) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
 
(if Not Applicable, delete sub-paragraphs below) 
 
 
• 
Physical 
Settlement: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Elections 
for 
Paragraph 
3.31(b) 
of 
Section 2 of 
the Additional 
Conditions: 
Final Redemption Amount shall be determined in 
accordance with Paragraph 3.31(b)(i) if, as of [the 
Determination 
Date]/[each 
Final 
Redemption 
Observation Date in respect of the Determination 
Date]/[at any time during the Barrier Observation Period 
in respect of the Determination Date] the Determination 
Agent determines that the Knock-in Value is [greater 
than]/[greater than or equal to]//[equal to]/[less than]/[less 
than or equal to] the Final Redemption Barrier Value 
(delete as appropriate) 
 
 
• 
Knock-in 
Value: 
[[Worst 
Performance]/[Best 
Performance]/[Selected 
Worst 
of 
Performance]/[Selected 
Best 
of 
Performance]/[Relevant Underlying Performance] is 
applicable]/[is the Relevant Underlying Value] [and "N" 
is equal to [⚫]] 
 
 
• 
Final 
Redemption 
Barrier Value: 
[⚫]/[[⚫] per cent of Initial Reference Value] 
 
 
• 
Capital 
Protection: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Specify "Not Applicable" if Physical Settlement applies 
in respect of the Securities.)

--- Page 700 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
700 
 
 
• 
Final 
Downside 
Amount: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Specify "Not Applicable" if Physical Settlement applies 
in respect of the Securities.) 
 
 
• 
Final 
Upside 
Amount: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Final 
Digital 
Amount: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(Specify "Not Applicable" if Physical Settlement applies 
in respect of the Securities.) 
 
 
• 
Performance 
Cap Basis: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Performance: 
[Average 
Basket 
Performance]/[Worst 
Basket 
Performance]/[Determined in accordance with Section 2 
of the Additional Conditions]  
 
 
• 
Determination 
Date: 
[⚫] 
 
 
• 
Participation 
Rate: 
[Not Applicable]/[⚫]/[100] per cent.]/[A percentage rate 
to be determined by the Determination Agent before the 
Issue Date and notified to the Securityholders not more 
than 15 Business Days thereafter by publication on [⚫] 
(insert website address), provided that such percentage 
rate shall be [not less than [⚫] per cent.] [and] [not greater 
than [⚫] per cent.] 
 
 
• 
Initial 
Reference 
Value: 
[⚫]/[Determined 
in 
accordance 
with 
the 
Value 
Determination Terms specified in paragraph [⚫] below] 
 
 
 
[OR] 
 
 
 
Basket Component 
Initial Reference Value 
 
 
 
[⚫] 
(repeat as required) 
[⚫]/[Determined 
in 
accordance with the Value 
Determination 
Terms 
specified in paragraph [⚫] 
below] 
(repeat as required) 
 
 
• 
Initial 
Reference 
Value 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Specified 
Percentage: 
[[⚫] per cent.]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Value 
Determination 
Terms 
for 
Final 
[Spot Value]/[Intraday Value]/[Opening Value]/[Closing 
Value]/[Average Value]/[Commodity Specified Price]

--- Page 701 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
701 
 
Reference 
Value 
(Final 
Redemption) 
as of the Final 
Redemption 
Determination 
Date(s): 
 
• 
Final 
Redemption 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[⚫] 
 
 
• 
Specified 
Rate: 
[⚫] per cent. 
 
 
• 
Applicable 
Floor: 
[[⚫] per cent.]/[Not Applicable] 
(Specify "Not Applicable" if Physical Settlement applies 
in respect of the Securities.) 
 
 
• 
Bonus Rate: 
[[⚫] per cent. ]/[Not Applicable]  
(Specify "Not Applicable" if Physical Settlement applies 
in respect of the Securities.) 
 
 
• 
Digital Barrier 
Value: 
[[⚫] per cent.]/[Not Applicable]  
(Specify "Not Applicable" if Physical Settlement applies 
in respect of the Securities.) 
 
 
• 
Call Strike: 
[⚫] per cent. 
 
 
• 
Put Strike: 
[[⚫] per cent. ]/[Not Applicable]  
(Specify "Not Applicable" if Physical Settlement applies 
in respect of the Securities.) 
 
 
• 
Max 
Loss 
Rate: 
[[⚫] per cent. ]/[Not Applicable]  
(Specify "Not Applicable" if Physical Settlement applies 
in respect of the Securities.) 
 
 
• 
Downside 
Gearing Rate: 
[[⚫] per cent.]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Performance 
Cap: 
[⚫] per cent. 
 
 
• 
Final 
Reference 
Value: 
[Not Applicable]/[Determined in accordance with the 
Value Determination Terms specified in paragraph [⚫] 
below] 
 
 
• 
Relevant 
Underlying 
Value as of 
any 
Final 
Redemption 
Observation 
Date or during 
any 
Barrier 
[Not Applicable]/[Determined in accordance with the 
Value Determination Terms specified in paragraph [⚫] 
below]

--- Page 702 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
702 
 
Observation 
Period: 
 
• 
Relevant 
Underlying 
Performance 
for 
determining 
the Knock-in 
Value: 
[insert Performance Determination Term specified below] 
applies. See paragraph [⚫] below for further details. 
 
 
• 
Elections 
for 
Paragraph 
3.31(b)(ii) of 
Section 2 of 
the Additional 
Conditions: 
[Not 
Applicable]/[Basic 
Performance-Linked 
Redemption]/[Worst-of 
Basket 
Performance-Linked 
Redemption] 
(Delete as appropriate) 
(Specify "Not Applicable" if Physical Settlement does not 
apply in respect of the Securities and, if Not Applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph.)  
 
 
• 
Underlying 
Securities: 
[specify]/[Sub-Section IV of Section 2 of the Additional 
Conditions applies] 
 
 
• 
Physical 
Settlement 
Date: 
[⚫]/[General Condition 20.5 applies.] 
 
 
• 
Clearing 
System: 
[specify in respect of each Underlying Security]/[General 
Condition 20.5 applies] 
 
 
• 
Physical 
Delivery 
FX 
Rate: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph.) 
 
 
• 
Physical 
Delivery 
FX 
Determination 
Date: 
[⚫] 
 
 
 
• 
Specified 
Currency: 
[⚫] 
 
 
• 
Relevant 
Screen Page in 
respect 
of 
Specified 
Currency: 
[⚫] 
 
 
• 
Specified 
Time 
in 
respect 
of 
Specified 
Currency: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
• 
Second 
Currency 
[⚫]

--- Page 703 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
703 
 
 
• 
Relevant 
Screen Page in 
respect 
of 
Second 
Currency: 
[⚫] 
 
 
• 
Specified 
Time 
in 
respect 
of 
Second 
Currency: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(xxxii) Booster 
Redemption 
(5): 
(Paragraph 
3.32 
of 
Section 
2 
of 
the 
Additional Conditions) 
[Basic 
Performance-Linked 
Redemption]/[Basic 
Performance-Linked 
Redemption 
(1)]/[Basic 
Performance-Linked Redemption (2)]//[Worst-of Basket 
Performance-Linked 
Redemption]/[Worst-of 
Basket 
Performance-Linked Redemption (1)]/[Worst-of Basket 
Performance-Linked 
Redemption 
(2)]/[Basket 
Performance-Linked Redemption]/[Basket Performance-
Linked Redemption (1) ]/[Basket Performance-Linked 
Redemption (2)]/[Basic Call Spread Performance-Linked 
Redemption]/[Worst-of Basket Call Spread Performance-
Linked Redemption]/[Basket Call Spread Performance-
Linked Redemption/[Not Applicable] 
(if Not Applicable delete the sub-paragraphs below) 
 
 
• 
Booster 
Redemption 
(5)(i):  
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Booster 
Redemption 
(5)(ii): 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Downside 
Barrier 
Feature: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
Final Redemption Amount shall be determined in 
accordance with Paragraph 3.32(i) if, as of [the 
Determination 
Date]/[each 
Final 
Redemption 
Observation Date in respect of the Determination 
Date]/[at any time during the Barrier Observation Period 
in respect of the Determination Date] the Determination 
Agent determines that the Knock-in Value is [greater 
than]/[greater than or equal to]//[equal to]/[less than]/[less 
than or equal to] the Downside Final Redemption Barrier 
Value 
(delete as appropriate) 
 
 
• 
Upside Barrier 
Feature: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
Final Redemption Amount shall be determined in 
accordance with Paragraph 3.32(i) if, as of [the 
Determination 
Date]/[each 
Final 
Redemption 
Observation Date in respect of the Determination 
Date]/[at any time during the Barrier Observation Period 
in respect of the Determination Date] the Determination 
Agent determines that the Knock-in Value is [greater 
than]/[greater than or equal to]//[equal to]/[less than]/[less

--- Page 704 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
704 
 
than or equal to] the Upside Final Redemption Barrier 
Value 
(delete as appropriate) 
 
• 
Downside 
Gearing Rate: 
[[⚫] per cent.]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Downside 
Multiplier: 
[Applicable – [⚫]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Upside 
Multiplier: 
[Applicable – [⚫]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Lower Strike: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Upper Strike: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Put Strike:  
[[⚫] per cent.]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Call Strike: 
[[⚫] per cent.]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Downside 
Final 
Redemption 
Barrier Value: 
[●]/[⚫] per cent of Initial Reference Value]/ 
Basket Component 
Downside 
Final 
Redemption 
Barrier 
Value 
[⚫] 
(repeat as required) 
[●]/[⚫] per cent of Initial 
Reference Value]/ 
(repeat as required) 
/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Upside 
Final 
Redemption 
Barrier Value: 
[●]/[⚫] per cent of Initial Reference Value]/ 
Basket Component 
Upside 
Final 
Redemption 
Barrier 
Value 
[⚫] 
(repeat as required) 
[●]/[⚫] per cent of Initial 
Reference Value]/ 
(repeat as required) 
/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Participation 
Rate: 
[[Not Applicable]/[⚫]/[100] per cent.] [A percentage rate 
to be determined by the Determination Agent before the 
Issue Date and notified to the Securityholders not more 
than 15 Business Days thereafter by publication on [⚫] 
(insert website address), provided that such percentage 
rate shall be [not less than [⚫] per cent.] [and] [not greater 
than [⚫] per cent.] 
 
 
• 
Final 
Reference 
Value: 
[Not Applicable]/[⚫]/[Determined in accordance with the 
Value Determination Terms specified in paragraph [●] 
below].

--- Page 705 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
705 
 
[OR] 
Basket Component 
Final Reference Value 
[●] 
(Repeat as required) 
[●]/[Determined 
in 
accordance 
with 
the 
Value 
Determination 
Terms 
specified 
in 
paragraph [●] below] 
 
• 
Initial 
Reference 
Value: 
[Not Applicable]/ [●] /[Determined in accordance with the 
Value Determination Terms specified in paragraph [●] 
below] 
[OR] 
Basket Component 
Initial Reference Value 
[●] 
(Repeat as required) 
[●]/[Determined 
in 
accordance 
with 
the 
Value 
Determination 
Terms 
specified 
in 
paragraph [●] below] 
 
 
• 
Initial 
Reference 
Value 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Specified 
Percentage: 
[Not Applicable]/[[⚫] per cent.]  
 
 
• 
Final 
Reference 
Value 
(Final 
Redemption): 
[Not Applicable]/ [●]/ [Determined in accordance with the 
Value Determination Terms specified in paragraph [●] 
below] 
[OR] 
Basket Component 
Final Reference Value 
(Final Redemption) 
[●] 
(Repeat as required) 
[●]/[Determined 
in 
accordance 
with 
the 
Value 
Determination 
Terms 
specified 
in 
paragraph [●] below] 
 
 
• 
Relevant 
Underlying 
Performance: 
[Not Applicable]/[Determined in accordance with the 
Performance Determination Terms specified in paragraph 
[●] below].  
[OR] 
Basket Component 
Relevant 
Underlying 
Performance 
[●] 
(Repeat as required) 
[●]/[Determined 
in 
accordance 
with 
the 
Value 
Determination

--- Page 706 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
706 
 
Terms 
specified 
in 
paragraph [●] below] 
 
(xxxiii) 
Hybrid Exposure  
(Paragraph 
3.33 
of 
Section 
2 
of 
the 
Additional Conditions) 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(if Not Applicable delete sub-paragraphs below) 
 
 
• 
Elections for 
Paragraph 
3.33(a) 
of 
Section 2 of 
the 
Additional 
Conditions: 
Final Redemption Amount shall be determined in 
accordance with Paragraph 3.33(a) if, as of [the 
Determination 
Date]/[each 
Final 
Redemption 
Observation Date in respect of the Determination 
Date]/[at any time during the Barrier Observation Period 
in respect of the Determination Date] the Determination 
Agent determines that the Knock-in Value is [greater 
than]/[greater than or equal to]/[less than]/[less than or 
equal to] the Final Redemption Barrier Value 1 
(delete as appropriate) 
 
 
• 
Elections for 
Paragraph 
3.33(b) 
of 
Section 2 of 
the 
Additional 
Conditions: 
Final Redemption Amount shall be determined in 
accordance with Paragraph 3.33(b) if, as of [the 
Determination 
Date]/[each 
Final 
Redemption 
Observation Date in respect of the Determination 
Date]/[at any time during the Barrier Observation Period 
in respect of the Determination Date] the Determination 
Agent determines that the Worst Basket Component 
Performance is [greater than]/[greater than or equal 
to]/[less than]/[less than or equal to] the Final Redemption 
Barrier Value 2 
(delete as appropriate) 
 
 
• 
Knock-in 
Value: 
[[Worst 
Performance]/[Best 
Performance]/[Selected 
Worst 
of 
Performance]/[Selected 
Best 
of 
Performance]/[Relevant Underlying Performance] is 
applicable]/[is the Relevant Underlying Value] [and "N" 
is equal to [⚫]] 
 
 
• 
Determinatio
n Date: 
[⚫]  
 
 
• 
Final 
Redemption 
Barrier Value 
1: 
[⚫]/[[⚫] per cent of Initial Reference Value] 
 
 
• 
Final 
Redemption 
Barrier Value 
2: 
[⚫]/[[⚫] per cent of Initial Reference Value] 
 
 
• 
Relevant 
Underlying 
Value: 
[Not Applicable]/[Determined in accordance with the 
Value Determination Terms specified in paragraph [●] 
below].  
[OR] 
Basket Component 
Relevant 
Underlying 
Value

--- Page 707 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
707 
 
[●] 
(Repeat as required) 
[●]/[Determined 
in 
accordance with the Value 
Determination 
Terms 
specified in paragraph [●] 
below] 
 
• 
Relevant 
Underlying 
Performance: 
[Not Applicable]/[Determined in accordance with the 
Performance Determination Terms specified in paragraph 
[●] below].  
[OR] 
Basket Component 
Relevant 
Underlying 
Performance 
[●] 
(Repeat as required) 
[●]/[Determined 
in 
accordance with the Value 
Determination 
Terms 
specified in paragraph [●] 
below] 
 
 
• 
Final 
Reference 
Value: 
[Not Applicable]/[●]/[Determined in accordance with the 
Value Determination Terms specified in paragraph [●] 
below].  
[OR] 
Basket Component 
Final Reference Value 
[●] 
(Repeat as required) 
[●]/[Determined 
in 
accordance with the Value 
Determination 
Terms 
specified in paragraph [●] 
below] 
 
 
• 
Initial 
Reference 
Value: 
[Not Applicable]/ [●] /[Determined in accordance with 
the Value Determination Terms specified in paragraph [●] 
below] 
[OR] 
Basket Component 
Initial Reference Value 
[●] 
(Repeat as required) 
[●]/[Determined 
in 
accordance with the Value 
Determination 
Terms 
specified in paragraph [●] 
below] 
 
 
• 
Initial 
Reference 
Value 
Determinatio
n Date(s): 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Specified 
Percentage: 
[Not Applicable]/[[⚫] per cent.]  
 
 
• 
Final 
Reference 
[Not Applicable]/ [●]/ [Determined in accordance with 
the Value Determination Terms specified in paragraph [●] 
below]

--- Page 708 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
708 
 
Value (Final 
Redemption): 
[OR] 
Basket Component 
Final 
Reference 
Value 
(Final Redemption) 
[●] 
(Repeat as required) 
[●]/[Determined 
in 
accordance with the Value 
Determination 
Terms 
specified in paragraph [●] 
below] 
 
• 
Physical 
Settlement: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Physical 
Delivery FX 
Rate: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph.) 
 
 
• 
Physical 
Delivery FX 
Determinatio
n Date: 
[⚫] 
 
 
 
• 
Specified 
Currency: 
[⚫]  
 
 
• 
Relevant 
Screen Page 
in respect of 
Specified 
Currency: 
[⚫] 
 
 
• 
Specified 
Time 
in 
respect 
of 
Specified 
Currency: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Base 
Currency: 
[⚫] 
 
 
• 
Second 
Currency: 
[⚫] 
 
 
• 
Relevant 
Screen Page 
in respect of 
Second 
Currency: 
[⚫] 
 
 
• 
Specified 
Time 
in 
respect 
of 
Second 
Currency: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Cash 
Residual 
Amount: 
[Basic 
Performance-Linked 
Redemption]/[Worst-of-
Basket Performance-Linked Redemption]

--- Page 709 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
709 
 
 
(xxxiv) 
Plateau Booster     
           Redemption (1) 
(Paragraph 
3.34 
of 
Section 
2 
of 
the 
Additional Conditions) 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(if Not Applicable delete sub-paragraphs below) 
 
 
• 
Knock-in 
Value: 
[[Worst 
Performance]/[Best 
Performance]/[Relevant 
Underlying Performance] is applicable]/[is the Relevant 
Underlying Value]/[Securities are not linked to a Basket] 
 
 
• 
Determinatio
n Date: 
[⚫]  
 
 
• 
Final 
Downside 
Amount 1: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
• 
Final 
Downside 
Amount 2: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
• 
Geared 
Put 
Strike: 
[⚫] 
 
 
• 
Final 
Redemption 
Barrier 
Value: 
[⚫]/[[⚫] per cent of Initial Reference Value] 
 
 
• 
Participation 
Rate: 
[⚫]/[100] per cent.] [A percentage rate to be determined 
by the Determination Agent before the Issue Date and 
notified to the Securityholders not more than 15 Business 
Days thereafter by publication on [⚫] (insert website 
address), provided that such percentage rate shall be [not 
less than [⚫] per cent.] [and] [not greater than [⚫] per 
cent.] 
 
 
• 
Specified 
Percentage 
(Final Upside 
Amount): 
[⚫] per cent. 
 
 
• 
Final 
Reference 
Value: 
[Not Applicable]/[●]/[Determined in accordance with the 
Value Determination Terms specified in paragraph [●] 
below].  
[OR] 
Basket Component 
Final Reference Value 
[●] 
(Repeat as required) 
[●]/[Determined 
in 
accordance with the Value 
Determination 
Terms 
specified in paragraph [●] 
below] 
 
 
• 
Initial 
Reference 
Value: 
[Not Applicable]/ [●] /[Determined in accordance with 
the Value Determination Terms specified in paragraph [●] 
below]

--- Page 710 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
710 
 
[OR] 
Basket Component 
Initial Reference Value 
[●] 
(Repeat as required) 
[●]/[Determined 
in 
accordance with the Value 
Determination 
Terms 
specified in paragraph [●] 
below] 
 
• 
Initial 
Reference 
Value 
Determinatio
n Date(s): 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Specified 
Percentage: 
[Not Applicable]/[[⚫] per cent.]  
 
 
• 
Relevant 
Underlying 
Value: 
[Not Applicable]/[Determined in accordance with the 
Value Determination Terms specified in paragraph [●] 
below].  
[OR] 
Basket Component 
Relevant 
Underlying 
Value 
[●] 
(Repeat as required) 
[●]/[Determined 
in 
accordance with the Value 
Determination 
Terms 
specified in paragraph [●] 
below] 
 
 
• 
Relevant 
Underlying 
Performance: 
[Not Applicable]/[Determined in accordance with the 
Performance Determination Terms specified in paragraph 
[●] below].  
[OR] 
Basket Component 
Relevant 
Underlying 
Performance 
[●] 
(Repeat as required) 
[●]/[Determined 
in 
accordance with the Value 
Determination 
Terms 
specified in paragraph [●] 
below] 
 
 
• 
Relevant 
Underlying 
Average 
Performance: 
[Simple Average]/[Weighted Average]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Final 
Reference 
Value (Final 
Redemption): 
[Not Applicable]/ [●]/ [Determined in accordance with 
the Value Determination Terms specified in paragraph [●] 
below] 
[OR]

--- Page 711 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
711 
 
Basket Component 
Final 
Reference 
Value 
(Final Redemption) 
[●] 
(Repeat as required) 
[●]/[Determined 
in 
accordance with the Value 
Determination 
Terms 
specified in paragraph [●] 
below] 
 
• 
Averaging 
Dates: 
 
[Not Applicable]/[●] 
[OR] 
Basket Component 
Averaging Dates 
[●] 
(Repeat as required) 
[●] 
 
 
(xxxv) Plateau Booster     
           Redemption (2) 
(Paragraph 
3.35 
of 
Section 
2 
of 
the 
Additional Conditions) 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(if Not Applicable delete sub-paragraphs below) 
 
 
• 
Knock-in 
Value: 
[[Worst 
Performance]/[Best 
Performance]/[Relevant 
Underlying Performance] is applicable]/[is the Relevant 
Underlying Value]/[Securities are not linked to a Basket.] 
 
 
• 
Determinatio
n Date: 
[⚫]  
 
 
• 
Final 
Redemption 
Barrier 
Value: 
[⚫]/[[⚫] per cent of Initial Reference Value] 
 
 
• 
Participation 
Rate: 
 [[⚫]/[100] per cent.] [A percentage rate to be determined 
by the Determination Agent before the Issue Date and 
notified to the Securityholders not more than 15 Business 
Days thereafter by publication on [⚫] (insert website 
address), provided that such percentage rate shall be [not 
less than [⚫] per cent.] [and] [not greater than [⚫] per 
cent.] 
 
 
• 
Specified 
Percentage 
(Plateau 
Booster 
Redemption 
2): 
[⚫] per cent. 
 
 
• 
Relevant 
Underlying 
Performance: 
[Not Applicable]/[Determined in accordance with the 
Performance Determination Terms specified in paragraph 
[●] below].  
[OR]

--- Page 712 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
712 
 
Basket Component 
Relevant 
Underlying 
Performance 
[●] 
(Repeat as required) 
[●]/[Determined 
in 
accordance with the Value 
Determination 
Terms 
specified in paragraph [●] 
below] 
 
• 
Relevant 
Underlying 
Average 
Performance: 
[Simple Average]/[Weighted Average]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Final 
Reference 
Value: 
[Not Applicable]/[●]/[Determined in accordance with the 
Value Determination Terms specified in paragraph [●] 
below].  
[OR] 
Basket Component 
Final Reference Value 
[●] 
(Repeat as required) 
[●]/[Determined 
in 
accordance with the Value 
Determination 
Terms 
specified in paragraph [●] 
below] 
 
 
• 
Initial 
Reference 
Value: 
[Not Applicable]/[●]/[Determined in accordance with the 
Value Determination Terms specified in paragraph [●] 
below] 
[OR] 
Basket Component 
Initial Reference Value 
[●] 
(Repeat as required) 
[●]/[Determined 
in 
accordance with the Value 
Determination 
Terms 
specified in paragraph [●] 
below] 
 
 
• 
Initial 
Reference 
Value 
Determinatio
n Date(s): 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Specified 
Percentage: 
[Not Applicable]/[[⚫] per cent.]  
 
 
• 
Relevant 
Underlying 
Value: 
[Not Applicable]/[Determined in accordance with the 
Value Determination Terms specified in paragraph [●] 
below].  
[OR] 
Basket Component 
Relevant 
Underlying 
Value 
[●] 
[●]/[Determined 
in 
accordance with the Value

--- Page 713 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
713 
 
(Repeat as required) 
Determination 
Terms 
specified in paragraph [●] 
below] 
 
• 
Final 
Reference 
Value (Final 
Redemption): 
[Not Applicable]/ [●]/ [Determined in accordance with 
the Value Determination Terms specified in paragraph [●] 
below] 
[OR] 
Basket Component 
Final 
Reference 
Value 
(Final Redemption) 
[●] 
(Repeat as required) 
[●]/[Determined 
in 
accordance with the Value 
Determination 
Terms 
specified in paragraph [●] 
below] 
 
 
• 
Averaging 
Dates: 
 
[Not Applicable]/[●] 
[OR] 
Basket Component 
Averaging Dates 
[●] 
(Repeat as required) 
[●] 
 
 
(xxvi) 
MXN 
Denominated 
UDI 
Linked 
Redemption: 
• 
(Paragraph 
3.36 
of 
Section 2 of 
the 
Additional 
Conditions) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
 
(if Not Applicable, delete sub-paragraphs below) 
 
 
• 
Final 
UDI 
Observation 
Date: 
[⚫] 
 
 
 
• 
Specified 
Rate: 
[⚫]/[100] per cent. 
 
 
• 
Participation 
Rate: 
[Not Applicable]/[⚫]/[100] per cent.]/[A percentage rate 
to be determined by the Determination Agent before the 
Issue Date and notified to the Securityholders not more 
than 15 Business Days thereafter by publication on [⚫] 
(insert website address), provided that such percentage 
rate shall be [not less than [⚫] per cent.] [and] [not greater 
than [⚫] per cent.] 
 
 
• 
UDIInitial: 
[⚫]/[The official determination of the Inflation Index 
published for the Issue Date subject to adjustment in

--- Page 714 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
714 
 
accordance with the provisions of Condition 12 
(Provisions Relating to Inflation-Linked Notes).] 
 
• 
Redemption 
Cap: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Redemption 
Floor: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(xxvii) UDI 
Final 
Linked 
Redemption: 
• 
(Paragraph 
3.37 
of 
Section 2 of 
the 
Additional 
Conditions) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
 
(if Not Applicable, delete sub-paragraphs below) 
 
 
• 
Final 
UDI 
Observation 
Date: 
[⚫] 
 
 
 
• 
Specified 
Rate: 
[⚫]/[100] per cent. 
 
 
• 
Participation 
Rate: 
[Not Applicable]/[⚫]/[100] per cent.]/[A percentage rate 
to be determined by the Determination Agent before the 
Issue Date and notified to the Securityholders not more 
than 15 Business Days thereafter by publication on [⚫] 
(insert website address), provided that such percentage 
rate shall be [not less than [⚫] per cent.] [and] [not greater 
than [⚫] per cent.] 
 
 
• 
UDIInitial: 
[⚫]/[The official determination of the Inflation Index 
published for the Issue Date subject to adjustment in 
accordance with the provisions of Condition 12 
(Provisions Relating to Inflation-Linked Notes).] 
 
 
• 
Redemption 
Cap: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Redemption 
Floor: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(xiii) 
Determination  Date: 
[⚫] 
 
 
(xiv) 
Final Redemption 
Observation Date(s): 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(xv) 
Barrier 
Observation 
Period: 
[Barrier Observation Date]/[From [and including]/[but 
excluding] [Barrier Observation Period Start Date] to [but 
excluding]/[and including] [Barrier Observation Period 
End Date]]/[Each [Common ]Scheduled Trading Day 
beginning on (and including) [⚫] and ending on (but 
excluding) [⚫]][subject to adjustment in accordance with 
[Condition 9.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates and

--- Page 715 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
715 
 
Averaging 
Dates)]197/[Condition 
13.1 
(Market 
Disruption, 
Reference 
Dates 
and 
Averaging 
Dates)]198/[Condition 15.1 (Market Disruption, Reference 
Dates and Averaging Dates)199]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xvi) 
Reset 
Initial 
Reference Value: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(xvii) 
Initial 
Reference 
Value: 
[⚫]/[Determined 
in 
accordance 
with 
the 
Value 
Determination Terms specified below]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Initial 
Reference 
Value 
Determinatio
n Date(s): 
 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
[OR] 
 
 
 
Basket 
Component 
Initial Reference Value 
 
[⚫] 
(repeat 
as 
required) 
[⚫]/[Determined 
in 
accordance 
with the Value Determination 
Terms specified below] 
(repeat as required) 
 
 
 
 
 
• 
Reset Barrier 
Value: 
(specify 
if 
Reset 
Initial 
Reference 
Value 
is 
applicable otherwise delete 
this provision) 
[⚫]/[[⚫] per cent of Relevant Underlying Value] 
 
 
• 
Reset Rate: 
(specify 
if 
Reset 
Initial 
Reference 
Value 
is 
applicable otherwise delete 
this provision) 
[⚫]/[[⚫] per cent of Relevant Underlying Value] 
 
 
• 
Reset 
Observation 
Date: 
(specify 
if 
Reset 
Initial 
Reference 
Value 
is 
applicable otherwise delete 
this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
 
197 
Insert language where the Securities are Share Basket Securities, Index Basket Securities or ETF Basket Securities 
198 
Insert language where the Securities are Fund Basket Securities  
199 
Insert language where the Securities are Futures Contract Basket Securities

--- Page 716 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
716 
 
 
• 
Specified 
Percentage: 
[[⚫] per cent.]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(xviii) 
Value Determination 
Terms 
for 
Initial 
Reference Value as of 
[Strike 
Date][Initial 
Reference 
Value 
Determination Date]: 
 
(Section 
4 
of 
the 
Additional 
Conditions) 
[Not Applicable]/[Spot Value]/[Intraday Value]/[Opening 
Value]/[Closing 
Value]/[Commodity 
Specified 
Price]/[Max 
Lookback 
Value]/[Min 
Lookback 
Value]/[Floored Max Lookback Value]/[Floored Min 
Lookback 
Value]/[Capped 
Max 
Lookback 
Value]/[Capped 
Min 
Lookback 
Value]/[Average 
Value]/[Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value]/[Individually Capped Average Value]/[Globally 
Floored Average Value]/[Globally Capped Average 
Value]/[Strategy Price] 
 
 
 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
 
• 
Initial 
Reference 
Value 
Determinatio
n Date(s): 
[⚫] 
 
 
• 
Reference 
Month: 
(specify if Securities are 
Inflation-Linked 
Securities 
otherwise 
delete 
this 
provision) 
 
[⚫] 
 
 
• 
Basic Value 
Determinatio
n Terms: 
(specify 
if 
Max 
Lookback 
Value/Min 
Lookback 
Value/Floored Max Lookback 
Value/Floored Min Lookback 
Value/Capped Max Lookback 
Value/Capped Min Lookback 
Value/Average 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value/Globally 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Globally 
Capped 
Average 
Value/Strategy Price is selected 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[Spot Value]/[Intraday Value]/[Opening Value]/[Closing 
Value]/[Commodity Specified Price] 
 
 
• 
Averaging 
Dates 
in 
relation 
to 
Strike Date: 
(specify 
if 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value/Individually 
[⚫]

--- Page 717 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
717 
 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Globally 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Globally 
Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, otherwise delete this 
provision) 
 
• 
Averaging 
Date 
Disruption: 
(For Equity-Linked Securities 
or Futures-Contract Linked 
Securities 
only, 
specify 
if 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Globally 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Globally 
Capped 
Average Value is selected, 
otherwise (and if not an Equity-
Linked Security or a Futures 
Contract-Linked 
Security) 
delete this provision) 
[Omission]/[Postponement]/[Modified Postponement] 
 
 
• 
Value 
Observation 
Dates 
in 
respect 
of 
Strike Date: 
(specify 
if 
Max 
Lookback 
Value/Min 
Lookback 
Value/Floored Max Lookback 
Value/Floored Min Lookback 
Value/Capped Max Lookback 
Value/Capped Min Lookback 
Value is selected, otherwise 
delete this provision) 
[⚫]/[Each [Common ]Scheduled Trading Day beginning 
on (and including) [date] and ending on (but excluding) 
[date]] [subject to adjustment in accordance with 
[Condition 9.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates and 
Averaging 
Dates)]200/[Condition 
13.1 
(Market 
Disruption, 
Reference 
Dates 
and 
Averaging 
Dates)]201/[Condition 15.1 (Market Disruption, Reference 
Dates and Averaging Dates)202] 
 
 
• 
Floor Value: 
(specify 
if 
Floored 
Max 
Lookback Value/Floored Min 
Lookback 
Value/Individually 
Floored Average Value is 
selected, otherwise delete this 
provision)) 
[⚫] 
 
 
• 
Global Floor 
Value: 
(specify if Globally Floored 
Average Value is selected, 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
 
200 
Insert language where the Securities are Share Basket Securities, Index Basket Securities or ETF Basket Securities 
201 
Insert language where the Securities are Fund Basket Securities  
202 
Insert language where the Securities are Futures Contract Basket Securities

--- Page 718 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
718 
 
 
• 
Cap Value: 
(specify 
if 
Capped 
Max 
Lookback Value/Capped Min 
Lookback 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, otherwise delete this 
provision) 
[⚫] 
 
 
• 
Global 
Cap 
Value: 
(specify if Globally Capped 
Average Value is selected, 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
 
• 
Closing 
Value 
with 
Dividend 
Adjusted 
Performance: 
(specify if Strategy Price is 
selected, otherwise delete this 
provision) 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Strategy 
Calculation 
(Closing 
Value): 
(specify if Strategy Price is 
selected, otherwise delete this 
provision) 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Strategy 
Calculation 
(Opening 
Value): 
(specify if Strategy Price is 
selected, otherwise delete this 
provision) 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Strategy 
Calculation 
(Intraday 
Value): 
(specify if Strategy Price is 
selected, otherwise delete this 
provision) 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Relevant 
Underlying 
Currency: 
[•] 
 
 
(specify if Closing Value with 
Dividend 
Adjusted 
Performance 
is 
selected, 
otherwise delete this provision)

--- Page 719 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
719 
 
 
• 
Dividend 
Screen Page: 
[•] 
 
 
(specify if Closing Value with 
Dividend 
Adjusted 
Performance 
is 
selected, 
otherwise delete this provision) 
 
 
 
• 
Pre-Defined 
Dividend: 
[•] 
 
 
(specify if Closing Value with 
Dividend 
Adjusted 
Performance 
is 
selected, 
otherwise delete this provision) 
 
 
 
• 
Observation 
Dates(t): 
(specify if Strategy Calculation 
(Closing Value) / Strategy 
Calculation (Opening Value) / 
Strategy Calculation (Intraday 
Value) is selected, otherwise 
delete this provision) 
[Determination 
Date][Final 
Redemption 
Observation 
Date][Barrier 
Observation Period] 
Observation Dates(t) 
[date] 
[[date][, [date]…. and 
[date]] (inclusive) and 
ending 
on 
[date] 
(excluded)] 
[…] 
[…] 
[date] 
[[date][, [date]…. and 
[date]] (inclusive) and 
ending 
on 
[date] 
(excluded)] 
 
 
• 
A: 
(specify if Strategy Calculation 
(Closing Value) / Strategy 
Calculation (Opening Value) / 
Strategy Calculation (Intraday 
Value) is selected, otherwise 
delete this provision) 
[Determination 
Date][Final 
Redemption 
Observation 
Date][Barrier 
Observation Period] 
A 
[date] 
[•] 
[…] 
[…] 
[date] 
[•] 
 
 
• 
B: 
(specify if Strategy Calculation 
(Closing Value) / Strategy 
Calculation (Opening Value) / 
Strategy Calculation (Intraday 
Value) is selected, otherwise 
delete this provision) 
[Determination 
Date][Final 
Redemption 
Observation 
Date][Barrier 
Observation Period] 
B 
[date] 
[•] 
[…] 
[…]

--- Page 720 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
720 
 
[date] 
[•] 
 
(xix) 
Value Determination 
Terms 
for 
Final 
Reference Value as of 
the 
Determination 
Date 
[Not Applicable]/[Spot Value]/[Intraday Value]/[Opening 
Value]/[Closing 
Value]/[Commodity 
Specified 
Price]/[Max 
Lookback 
Value]/[Min 
Lookback 
Value]/[Floored Max Lookback Value]/[Floored Min 
Lookback 
Value]/[Capped 
Max 
Lookback 
Value]/[Capped 
Min 
Lookback 
Value]/[Average 
Value]/[Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value]/[Individually Capped Average Value]/[Globally 
Floored Average Value]/[Globally Capped Average 
Value]/[Strategy Price] 
 
 
 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
 
• 
Reference 
Month: 
(specify 
if 
Securities 
are 
Inflation-Linked 
Securities 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
 
• 
Basic Value 
Determinatio
n Terms: 
(specify 
if 
Max 
Lookback 
Value/Min 
Lookback 
Value/Floored Max Lookback 
Value/Floored Min Lookback 
Value/Capped Max Lookback 
Value/Capped Min Lookback 
Value/Average 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value/Globally 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Globally 
Capped 
Average 
Value/Strategy Price is selected 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[Spot Value]/[Intraday Value]/[Opening Value]/[Closing 
Value]/[Commodity Specified Price] 
 
 
• 
Averaging 
Dates 
in 
relation 
to 
Determinatio
n Date: 
(specify 
if 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Globally 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Globally 
Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, otherwise delete this 
provision) 
[⚫]

--- Page 721 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
721 
 
 
• 
Averaging 
Date 
Disruption: 
(For Equity-Linked Securities 
or Futures-Contract Linked 
Securities 
only, 
specify 
if 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Globally 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Globally 
Capped 
Average Value is selected, 
otherwise (and if not an Equity-
Linked Security or a Futures 
Contract-Linked 
Security) 
delete this provision) 
[Omission]/[Postponement]/[Modified Postponement] 
 
 
• 
Value 
Observation 
Dates 
in 
relation 
to 
Determinatio
n Date: 
(specify 
if 
Max 
Lookback 
Value/Min 
Lookback 
Value/Floored Max Lookback 
Value/Floored Min Lookback 
Value/Capped Max Lookback 
Value/Capped Min Lookback 
Value is selected, otherwise 
delete this provision) 
[⚫]/[Each [Common ]Scheduled Trading Day beginning 
on (and including) [date] and ending on (but excluding) 
[date]] [subject to adjustment in accordance with 
[Condition 9.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates and 
Averaging Dates)]203/[Condition 13.1 (Market 
Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging 
Dates)]204/[Condition 15.1 (Market Disruption, 
Reference Dates and Averaging Dates)205] 
 
 
• 
Floor Value: 
(specify 
if 
Floored 
Max 
Lookback Value/Floored Min 
Lookback 
Value/Individually 
Floored Average Value is 
selected, otherwise delete this 
provision)) 
[⚫] 
 
 
• 
Global Floor 
Value: 
(specify if Globally Floored 
Average Value is selected, 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
 
• 
Cap Value: 
(specify 
if 
Capped 
Max 
Lookback Value/Capped Min 
Lookback 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
[⚫] 
 
 
203 
Insert language where the Securities are Share Basket Securities, Index Basket Securities or ETF Basket Securities 
204 
Insert language where the Securities are Fund Basket Securities  
205 
Insert language where the Securities are Futures Contract Basket Securities

--- Page 722 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
722 
 
selected, otherwise delete this 
provision) 
 
• 
Global 
Cap 
Value: 
(specify if Globally Capped 
Average Value is selected, 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
 
• 
Closing 
Value 
with 
Dividend 
Adjusted 
Performance: 
(specify if Strategy Price is 
selected, otherwise delete this 
provision) 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Strategy 
Calculation 
(Closing 
Value): 
(specify if Strategy Price is 
selected, otherwise delete this 
provision) 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Strategy 
Calculation 
(Opening 
Value): 
(specify if Strategy Price is 
selected, otherwise delete this 
provision) 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Strategy 
Calculation 
(Intraday 
Value): 
(specify if Strategy Price is 
selected, otherwise delete this 
provision) 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Relevant 
Underlying 
Currency: 
[•] 
 
 
(specify if Closing Value with 
Dividend 
Adjusted 
Performance 
is 
selected, 
otherwise delete this provision) 
 
 
 
• 
Dividend 
Screen Page: 
[•] 
 
 
(specify if Closing Value with 
Dividend 
Adjusted

--- Page 723 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
723 
 
Performance 
is 
selected, 
otherwise delete this provision) 
 
• 
Pre-Defined 
Dividend: 
[•] 
 
 
(specify if Closing Value with 
Dividend 
Adjusted 
Performance 
is 
selected, 
otherwise delete this provision) 
 
 
 
• 
Observation 
Dates(t): 
(specify if Strategy Calculation 
(Closing Value) / Strategy 
Calculation (Opening Value) / 
Strategy Calculation (Intraday 
Value) is selected, otherwise 
delete this provision) 
[Determination 
Date][Final 
Redemption 
Observation 
Date][Barrier 
Observation Period] 
Observation Dates(t) 
[date] 
[[date][, [date]…. and 
[date]] (inclusive) and 
ending 
on 
[date] 
(excluded)] 
[…] 
[…] 
[date] 
[[date][, [date]…. and 
[date]] (inclusive) and 
ending 
on 
[date] 
(excluded)] 
 
 
• 
A: 
(specify if Strategy Calculation 
(Closing Value) / Strategy 
Calculation (Opening Value) / 
Strategy Calculation (Intraday 
Value) is selected, otherwise 
delete this provision) 
[Determination 
Date][Final 
Redemption 
Observation 
Date][Barrier 
Observation Period] 
A 
[date] 
[•] 
[…] 
[…] 
[date] 
[•] 
 
 
• 
B: 
(specify if Strategy Calculation 
(Closing Value) / Strategy 
Calculation (Opening Value) / 
Strategy Calculation (Intraday 
Value) is selected, otherwise 
delete this provision) 
[Determination 
Date][Final 
Redemption 
Observation 
Date][Barrier 
Observation Period] 
B 
[date] 
[•] 
[…] 
[…] 
[date] 
[•] 
 
 
(xx) 
Value Determination 
Terms for Relevant 
Underlying Value as 
[Not Applicable]/[Spot Value]/[Intraday Value]/[Opening 
Value]/[Closing 
Value]/[Commodity 
Specified 
Price]/[Max 
Lookback 
Value]/[Min 
Lookback 
Value]/[Floored Max Lookback Value]/[Floored Min

--- Page 724 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
724 
 
of the relevant date or 
period: 
 
(Section 
4 
of 
the 
Additional 
Conditions) 
Lookback 
Value]/[Capped 
Max 
Lookback 
Value]/[Capped 
Min 
Lookback 
Value]/[Average 
Value]/[Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value]/[Individually Capped Average Value]/[Globally 
Floored Average Value]/[Globally Capped Average 
Value]/[Strategy Price] 
 
 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
 
• 
Reference 
Month: 
(specify 
if 
Securities 
are 
Inflation-Linked 
Securities 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
 
• 
Basic Value 
Determinatio
n Terms: 
(specify 
if 
Max 
Lookback 
Value/Min 
Lookback 
Value/Floored Max Lookback 
Value/Floored Min Lookback 
Value/Capped Max Lookback 
Value/Capped Min Lookback 
Value/Average 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value/Globally 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Globally 
Capped 
Average 
Value/Strategy Price is selected 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[Spot Value]/[Intraday Value]/[Opening Value]/[Closing 
Value]/[Commodity Specified Price] 
 
 
• 
Averaging 
Dates 
in 
relation to the 
relevant date 
or period: 
(specify 
if 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Globally 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Globally 
Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, otherwise delete this 
provision) 
[⚫] 
 
 
 
[OR] 
 
 
 
[Determination 
Date]/[Final 
Redemption 
Observation 
Date]/[Barrier 
Averaging Dates

--- Page 725 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
725 
 
Observation 
Period] 
[⚫] 
(repeat 
as 
required) 
[⚫] 
(repeat as required) 
 
• 
Averaging 
Date 
Disruption: 
(For Equity-Linked Securities 
or Futures-Contract Linked 
Securities 
only, 
specify 
if 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Globally 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Globally 
Capped 
Average Value is selected, 
otherwise (and if not an Equity-
Linked Security or a Futures 
Contract-Linked 
Security) 
delete this provision) 
[Omission]/[Postponement]/[Modified Postponement] 
 
 
• 
Value 
Observation 
Dates 
in 
respect of the 
relevant date 
or period: 
(specify 
if 
Max 
Lookback 
Value/Min 
Lookback 
Value/Floored Max Lookback 
Value/Floored Min Lookback 
Value/Capped Max Lookback 
Value/Capped Min Lookback 
Value is selected, otherwise 
delete this provision) 
[⚫]/[Each [Common ]Scheduled Trading Day beginning 
on (and including) [date] and ending on (but excluding) 
[date]] [subject to adjustment in accordance with 
[Condition 9.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates and 
Averaging Dates)]206/[Condition 13.1 (Market 
Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging 
Dates)]207/[Condition 15.1 (Market Disruption, 
Reference Dates and Averaging Dates)208  
] 
 
 
 
[OR] 
 
 
 
[Determination 
Date]/[Final 
Redemption 
Observation 
Date]/[Barrier 
Observation 
Period] 
Value Observation Dates 
 
 
206 
Insert language where the Securities are Share Basket Securities, Index Basket Securities or ETF Basket Securities 
207 
Insert language where the Securities are Fund Basket Securities  
208 
Insert language where the Securities are Futures Contract Basket Securities

--- Page 726 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
726 
 
[⚫] 
(repeat 
as 
required) 
[⚫]/[Each [Common ]Scheduled 
Trading Day beginning on (and 
including) [date] and ending on 
(but excluding) [date]] [subject to 
adjustment in accordance with 
[Condition 9.1 (Market 
Disruption, Reference Dates and 
Averaging Dates)]209/[Condition 
13.1 (Market Disruption, 
Reference Dates and Averaging 
Dates)]210/[Condition 15.1 
(Market Disruption, Reference 
Dates and Averaging Dates)211] 
(repeat as required) 
 
• 
Floor Value: 
(specify 
if 
Floored 
Max 
Lookback Value/Floored Min 
Lookback 
Value/Individually 
Floored Average Value is 
selected, otherwise delete this 
provision)) 
[⚫] 
 
 
• 
Global Floor 
Value: 
(specify if Globally Floored 
Average Value is selected, 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
 
• 
Cap Value: 
(specify 
if 
Capped 
Max 
Lookback Value/Capped Min 
Lookback 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, otherwise delete this 
provision) 
[⚫] 
 
 
• 
Global 
Cap 
Value: 
(specify if Globally Capped 
Average Value is selected, 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫]  
 
 
• 
Closing 
Value 
with 
Dividend 
Adjusted 
Performance: 
(specify if Strategy Price is 
selected, otherwise delete this 
provision) 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
209 
Insert language where the Securities are Share Basket Securities, Index Basket Securities or ETF Basket Securities 
210 
Insert language where the Securities are Fund Basket Securities  
211 
Insert language where the Securities are Futures Contract Basket Securities

--- Page 727 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
727 
 
 
• 
Strategy 
Calculation 
(Closing 
Value): 
(specify if Strategy Price is 
selected, otherwise delete this 
provision) 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Strategy 
Calculation 
(Opening 
Value): 
(specify if Strategy Price is 
selected, otherwise delete this 
provision) 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Strategy 
Calculation 
(Intraday 
Value): 
(specify if Strategy Price is 
selected, otherwise delete this 
provision) 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Relevant 
Underlying 
Currency: 
[•] 
 
 
(specify if Closing Value with 
Dividend 
Adjusted 
Performance 
is 
selected, 
otherwise delete this provision) 
 
 
 
• 
Dividend 
Screen Page: 
[•] 
 
 
(specify if Closing Value with 
Dividend 
Adjusted 
Performance 
is 
selected, 
otherwise delete this provision) 
 
 
 
• 
Pre-Defined 
Dividend: 
[•] 
 
 
(specify if Closing Value with 
Dividend 
Adjusted 
Performance 
is 
selected, 
otherwise delete this provision) 
 
 
 
• 
Observation 
Dates(t): 
(specify if Strategy Calculation 
(Closing Value) / Strategy 
Calculation (Opening Value) / 
Strategy Calculation (Intraday 
[Determination 
Date][Final 
Redemption 
Observation 
Date][Barrier 
Observation Period] 
Observation Dates(t) 
[date] 
[[date][, [date]…. and 
[date]] (inclusive) and

--- Page 728 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
728 
 
Value) is selected, otherwise 
delete this provision) 
ending 
on 
[date] 
(excluded)] 
[…] 
[…] 
[date] 
[[date][, [date]…. and 
[date]] (inclusive) and 
ending 
on 
[date] 
(excluded)] 
 
• 
A: 
(specify if Strategy Calculation 
(Closing Value) / Strategy 
Calculation (Opening Value) / 
Strategy Calculation (Intraday 
Value) is selected, otherwise 
delete this provision) 
[Determination 
Date][Final 
Redemption 
Observation 
Date][Barrier 
Observation Period] 
A 
[date] 
[•] 
[…] 
[…] 
[date] 
[•] 
 
 
• 
B: 
(specify if Strategy Calculation 
(Closing Value) / Strategy 
Calculation (Opening Value) / 
Strategy Calculation (Intraday 
Value) is selected, otherwise 
delete this provision) 
[Determination 
Date][Final 
Redemption 
Observation 
Date][Barrier 
Observation Period] 
B 
[date] 
[•] 
[…] 
[…] 
[date] 
[•] 
 
 
 
(xxi) 
Linked 
Redemption 
Provisions: 
Performance 
Determination 
Terms 
for Final Redemption 
Amount 
 
(for 
determining 
Relevant 
Underlying 
Performance 
and 
Relevant 
Underlying 
Performance (Autocall) 
where 
used 
for 
determining the Final 
Redemption Amount) 
(Section 5 of the Additional 
Conditions)

--- Page 729 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
729 
 
(A) 
Performance 
Determination 
Terms for Securities linked to 
a Single Underlying: 
(for purposes of determining 
Final Redemption Amount in 
accordance with all provisions 
except Paragraph 3.17(b) of 
Section 2 of the Additional 
Conditions) 
[Not 
Applicable]/[Basic 
Performance]/[Cliquet] 
Performance]/[Capped 
Performance]/[Floored 
Performance]/[Capped 
& 
Floored 
Performance]/[Absolute Basic Performance]/[Absolute 
Capped 
Performance]/[Absolute 
Floored 
Performance]/[Absolute 
Capped 
& 
Floored 
Performance]/[OTM 
Performance 
(Single 
Underlying)]/[Optimised 
Performance 
(Type 
1)]/[Optimised Performance (Type 2)] 
 
 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Put Performance 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Performance Rate: 
[⚫] per cent. 
 
(iii) 
Strike: 
[⚫]/[1]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
OTM Rate: 
[[⚫] per cent.]/[Not Applicable] 
(specify if OTM Performance (Single Underlying) is 
specified as being applicable, other specify Not 
Applicable) 
 
(v) 
Election for Optimised 
Initial Reference Value: 
[means the value determined by the Determination Agent 
to be equal to the [lowest]/[highest] of the Closing Values 
of the Relevant Underlying as of each of the Optimised 
Observation Dates]/[Not Applicable] 
(specify if Optimised Performance (Type 1) or Optimised 
Performance (Type 2) is specified as being applicable, 
otherwise specify Not Applicable) 
 
(vi) 
Optimised Observation 
Date(s): 
[⚫]/[Each [Common ]Scheduled Trading Day beginning 
on (and including) [date] and ending on (but excluding) 
[date]] [subject to adjustment in accordance with 
[Condition 9.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates and 
Averaging 
Dates)]212/[Condition 
13.1 
(Market 
Disruption, 
Reference 
Dates 
and 
Averaging 
Dates)]213/[Condition 15.1 (Market Disruption, Reference 
Dates and Averaging Dates)]214]/[Not Applicable] 
(specify dates if Optimised Performance is specified as 
being applicable, otherwise specify Not Applicable) 
 
(vii) 
Initial Reference Value: 
[⚫]/[Determined 
in 
accordance 
with 
the 
Value 
Determination Terms specified below]  
 
• Initial 
Reference 
Value 
Determination Date(s): 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
• Specified Percentage: 
[[⚫] per cent.]/[Not Applicable] 
 
212 
Insert language where the Securities are Share Basket Securities, Index Basket Securities or ETF Basket Securities 
213 
Insert language where the Securities are Fund Basket Securities  
214 
Insert language where the Securities are Futures Contract Basket Securities

--- Page 730 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
730 
 
 
(viii) 
Value Determination 
Terms 
for 
Initial 
Reference Value: 
(Section 4 of the Additional 
Conditions) 
[Not Applicable]/[Spot Value]/[Intraday Value]/[Opening 
Value]/[Closing 
Value]/[Commodity 
Specified 
Price]/[Max 
Lookback 
Value]/[Min 
Lookback 
Value]/[Floored Max Lookback Value]/[Floored Min 
Lookback 
Value]/[Capped 
Max 
Lookback 
Value]/[Capped 
Min 
Lookback 
Value]/[Average 
Value]/[Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value]/[Individually Capped Average Value]/[Globally 
Floored Average Value]/[Globally Capped Average 
Value] 
 
 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
• Initial 
Reference 
Value 
Determination Date(s): 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
• Reference Month: 
(specify 
if 
Securities 
are 
Inflation-Linked 
Securities 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
• Basic Value Determination 
Terms: 
(specify 
if 
Max 
Lookback 
Value/Min 
Lookback 
Value/Floored Max Lookback 
Value/Floored Min Lookback 
Value/Capped Max Lookback 
Value/Capped Min Lookback 
Value/Average 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Capped Average Value/Globally 
Floored Average Value/Globally 
Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected otherwise delete this 
provision) 
[Spot Value]/[Intraday Value]/[Opening Value]/[Closing 
Value]/[Commodity Specified Price] 
 
• Averaging Dates in relation to 
Strike Date: 
(specify 
if 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Floored Average Value/Globally 
Floored Average Value/Globally 
Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, otherwise delete this 
provision) 
[⚫] 
 
• Averaging Date Disruption: 
(For Equity-Linked Securities or 
Futures-Contract 
Linked 
Securities 
only, 
specify 
if 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
[Omission]/[Postponement]/[Modified Postponement]

--- Page 731 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
731 
 
Average Value/Globally Floored 
Average Value/Globally Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, 
otherwise (and if not an Equity-
Linked Security or a Futures 
Contract-Linked Security) delete 
this provision) 
 
• Value Observation Dates in 
respect of Strike Date: 
(specify 
if 
Max 
Lookback 
Value/Min 
Lookback 
Value/Floored Max Lookback 
Value/Floored Min Lookback 
Value/Capped Max Lookback 
Value/Capped Min Lookback 
Value is selected, otherwise 
delete this provision) 
[⚫]/[Each [Common ]Scheduled Trading Day beginning 
on (and including) [date] and ending on (but excluding) 
[date]] [subject to adjustment in accordance with 
[Condition 9.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates and 
Averaging 
Dates)]215/[Condition 
13.1 
(Market 
Disruption, 
Reference 
Dates 
and 
Averaging 
Dates)]216/[Condition 15.1 (Market Disruption, Reference 
Dates and Averaging Dates)]217] 
 
• Floor Value: 
(specify 
if 
Floored 
Max 
Lookback Value/Floored Min 
Lookback 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, otherwise delete this 
provision)) 
[⚫] 
 
• Global Floor Value: 
(specify if Globally Floored 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
• Cap Value: 
(specify 
if 
Capped 
Max 
Lookback Value/Capped Min 
Lookback 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, otherwise delete this 
provision) 
[⚫] 
 
• Global Cap Value: 
(specify if Globally Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
(ix) 
Value Determination 
Terms 
for 
Final 
Reference Value: 
 
(Section 
4 
of 
the 
Additional Conditions) 
[Not Applicable]/[Spot Value]/[Intraday Value]/[Opening 
Value]/[Closing 
Value]/[Commodity 
Specified 
Price]/[Max 
Lookback 
Value]/[Min 
Lookback 
Value]/[Floored Max Lookback Value]/[Floored Min 
Lookback 
Value]/[Capped 
Max 
Lookback 
Value]/[Capped 
Min 
Lookback 
Value]/[Average 
Value]/[Individually 
Floored 
Average 
 
215 
Insert language where the Securities are Share Basket Securities, Index Basket Securities or ETF Basket Securities 
216 
Insert language where the Securities are Fund Basket Securities  
217 
Insert language where the Securities are Futures Contract Basket Securities

--- Page 732 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
732 
 
Value]/[Individually Capped Average Value]/[Globally 
Floored Average Value]/[Globally Capped Average 
Value] 
 
 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
• Reference Month: 
(specify 
if 
Securities 
are 
Inflation-Linked 
Securities 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
• Basic Value Determination 
Terms: 
(specify 
if 
Max 
Lookback 
Value/Min 
Lookback 
Value/Floored Max Lookback 
Value/Floored Min Lookback 
Value/Capped Max Lookback 
Value/Capped Min Lookback 
Value/Average 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Capped Average Value/Globally 
Floored Average Value/Globally 
Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected otherwise delete this 
provision) 
[Spot Value]/[Intraday Value]/[Opening Value]/[Closing 
Value]/[Commodity Specified Price] 
 
• Averaging Dates in relation to 
Determination Date: 
(specify 
if 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Floored Average Value/Globally 
Floored Average Value/Globally 
Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, otherwise delete this 
provision) 
[⚫] 
 
• Averaging Date Disruption: 
(For Equity-Linked Securities or 
Futures-Contract 
Linked 
Securities 
only, 
specify 
if 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
Average Value/Globally Floored 
Average Value/Globally Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, 
otherwise (and if not an Equity-
Linked Security or a Futures 
Contract-Linked Security) delete 
this provision) 
[Omission]/[Postponement]/[Modified Postponement]

--- Page 733 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
733 
 
 
• Value Observation Dates in 
respect of the Determination 
Date: 
(specify 
if 
Max 
Lookback 
Value/Min 
Lookback 
Value/Floored Max Lookback 
Value/Floored Min Lookback 
Value/Capped Max Lookback 
Value/Capped Min Lookback 
Value is selected, otherwise 
delete this provision) 
[⚫]/[Each [Common ]Scheduled Trading Day beginning 
on (and including) [date] and ending on (but excluding) 
[date]] [subject to adjustment in accordance with 
[Condition 9.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates and 
Averaging 
Dates)]218/[Condition 
13.1 
(Market 
Disruption, 
Reference 
Dates 
and 
Averaging 
Dates)]219/[Condition 15.1 (Market Disruption, Reference 
Dates and Averaging Dates)]220] 
 
• Floor Value: 
(specify 
if 
Floored 
Max 
Lookback Value/Floored Min 
Lookback 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, otherwise delete this 
provision)) 
[⚫] 
 
• Global Floor Value: 
(specify if Globally Floored 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
• Cap Value: 
(specify 
if 
Capped 
Max 
Lookback Value/Capped Min 
Lookback 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, otherwise delete this 
provision) 
[⚫] 
 
• Global Cap Value: 
(specify if Globally Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
(x) 
Value Determination 
Terms 
for 
PIDD 
Reference Value as of 
each 
Interest 
Determination Date: 
(Section 4 of the Additional 
Conditions) 
[Not Applicable]/[Spot Value]/[Opening Value]/[Closing 
Value]/[Commodity Specified Price]/[Floored Lookback 
Value]/[Capped Lookback Value]/[Globally Floored 
Lookback 
Value]/[Globally 
Capped 
Lookback 
Value]/[Average 
Value]/[Min 
Value]/[Max 
Value]/[Floored 
Min 
Value]/[Capped 
Max 
Value]/[Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value]/[Individually Capped Average Value]/[Globally 
Floored Average Value]/[Globally Capped Average 
Value] 
 
 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
218 
Insert language where the Securities are Share Basket Securities, Index Basket Securities or ETF Basket Securities 
219 
Insert language where the Securities are Fund Basket Securities  
220 
Insert language where the Securities are Futures Contract Basket Securities

--- Page 734 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
734 
 
(Specify if "Cliquet Performance" is selected otherwise 
specify as Not Applicable) 
 
• Reference Month: 
(specify 
if 
Securities 
are 
Inflation-Linked 
Securities 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
• Basic Value Determination 
Terms: 
(specify 
if 
Max 
Lookback 
Value/Min 
Lookback 
Value/Floored Max Lookback 
Value/Floored Min Lookback 
Value/Capped Max Lookback 
Value/Capped Min Lookback 
Value/Average 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Capped Average Value/Globally 
Floored Average Value/Globally 
Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected otherwise delete this 
provision) 
[Spot Value]/[Intraday Value]/[Opening Value]/[Closing 
Value]/[Commodity Specified Price] 
 
• Averaging Dates in relation to 
each Interest Determination 
Date: 
(specify 
if 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Floored Average Value/Globally 
Floored Average Value/Globally 
Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, otherwise delete this 
provision) 
[⚫] in respect of the Interest Determination Date falling on 
[date][, 
[⚫] in respect of the Interest Determination Date falling on 
[date]…. and 
[⚫] in respect of the Interest Determination Date falling on 
[date]] 
 
• Averaging Date Disruption: 
(For Equity-Linked Securities or 
Futures-Contract 
Linked 
Securities 
only, 
specify 
if 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
Average Value/Globally Floored 
Average Value/Globally Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, 
otherwise (and if not an Equity-
Linked Security or a Futures 
Contract-Linked Security) delete 
this provision) 
[Omission]/[Postponement]/[Modified Postponement] 
 
• Value Observation Dates in 
relation 
to 
each 
Interest 
Determination Date: 
(specify 
if 
Max 
Lookback 
Value/Min 
Lookback 
[⚫]/[Each [Common ]Scheduled Trading Day beginning 
on (and including) [date] and ending on (but excluding) 
[date]] in respect of the Interest Determination Date 
falling on [date] [subject to adjustment in accordance with 
[Condition 9.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates and

--- Page 735 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
735 
 
Value/Floored Max Lookback 
Value/Floored Min Lookback 
Value/Capped Max Lookback 
Value/Capped Min Lookback 
Value is selected, otherwise 
delete this provision) 
Averaging 
Dates)]221/[Condition 
13.1 
(Market 
Disruption, 
Reference 
Dates 
and 
Averaging 
Dates)]222/[Condition 15.1 (Market Disruption, Reference 
Dates and Averaging Dates)]223] [, 
[⚫]/[Each [Common ]Scheduled Trading Day beginning 
on (and including) [date] and ending on (but excluding) 
[date]] in respect of the Interest Determination Date 
falling on [date] [subject to adjustment in accordance with 
[Condition 9.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates and 
Averaging 
Dates)]224/[Condition 
13.1 
(Market 
Disruption, 
Reference 
Dates 
and 
Averaging 
Dates)]225/[Condition 15.1 (Market Disruption, Reference 
Dates and Averaging Dates)]226]…. and 
[⚫]/[Each [Common ]Scheduled Trading Day beginning 
on (and including) [date] and ending on (but excluding) 
[date]] in respect of the Interest Determination Date 
falling on [date]] [subject to adjustment in accordance 
with [Condition 9.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates 
and Averaging Dates)]227/[Condition 13.1 (Market 
Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging Dates)]228 
/[Condition 15.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates 
and Averaging Dates)]229] 
 
• Floor Value: 
(specify 
if 
Floored 
Max 
Lookback Value/Floored Min 
Lookback 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, otherwise delete this 
provision)) 
[⚫] 
 
• Global Floor Value: 
(specify if Globally Floored 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
• Cap Value: 
(specify 
if 
Capped 
Max 
Lookback Value/Capped Min 
Lookback 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, otherwise delete this 
provision) 
[⚫] 
 
221 
Insert language where the Securities are Share Basket Securities, Index Basket Securities or ETF Basket Securities 
222 
Insert language where the Securities are Fund Basket Securities  
223 
Insert language where the Securities are Futures Contract Basket Securities  
224 
Insert language where the Securities are Share Basket Securities, Index Basket Securities or ETF Basket Securities 
225 
Insert language where the Securities are Fund Basket Securities  
226 
Insert language where the Securities are Futures Contract Basket Securities  
227 
Insert language where the Securities are Share Basket Securities, Index Basket Securities or ETF Basket Securities 
228 
Insert language where the Securities are Fund Basket Securities  
229 
Insert language where the Securities are Futures Contract Basket Securities

--- Page 736 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
736 
 
 
• Global Cap Value: 
(specify if Globally Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
(B) 
Performance 
Determination 
Terms for Securities linked to 
a Relevant Underlying which is 
a Basket: 
(for 
determining 
"Relevant 
Underlying Performance") 
(Section 5 of the Additional 
Conditions) 
[Not 
Applicable]/[Selected 
Average 
Basic 
Performance]/[Selected 
Cliquet 
Average 
Performance]/[Selected Average Individually Capped 
Performance]/[Selected Average Individually Floored 
Performance]/[Selected Average Individually Capped & 
Floored Performance]/[Selected Average Global Capped 
Performance]/[Selected 
Average 
Global 
Floored 
Performance]/[Selected Average Global Capped & 
Floored Performance]/[Selected Absolute Average Basic 
Performance]/[Selected Absolute Average Individually 
Capped 
Performance]/[Selected 
Absolute 
Average 
Individually Floored Performance]/[Selected Absolute 
Average 
Individually 
Capped 
& 
Floored 
Performance]/[Selected Absolute Average Global Capped 
Performance]/[Selected 
Absolute 
Average 
Global 
Floored 
Performance]/[Selected 
Absolute 
Average 
Global Capped & Floored Performance]/[Best of –
Weighted Average Performance]/[Worst of –Weighted 
Average Performance]/[Selection of –Weighted Average 
Performance]/[Selected Equally Weighted Average OTM 
Performance]/[Selected Non-Equally Weighted Average 
OTM 
Performance]/[Selected 
Average 
Top 
Rank 
Performance] 
 
 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Performance Rate: 
[⚫] per cent. 
 
(ii) 
Strike: 
(specify 
if 
Selected 
Average 
Basic 
Performance 
is 
specified 
otherwise 
specify 
"Not 
Applicable") 
[⚫]/[1]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Default Performance: 
[Not Applicable] [OR] [[⚫] [per cent.] [of the Initial 
Reference Value]] [OR]  
 
(specify if Selected Average Top 
Rank Performance is specified 
otherwise 
specify 
"Not 
Applicable") 
Basket Component 
Default Performance 
[⚫] 
(repeat as required) 
[[⚫] [per cent.] [of the Initial 
Reference Value]] 
(repeat as required) 
 
(iv) 
OTM Rate: 
 
(specify 
if 
Selected 
Equally 
Weighted 
Average 
OTM 
Performance/Selected 
Non-Equally Weighted 
[Not Applicable] [OR] [⚫] per cent. [OR]

--- Page 737 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
737 
 
Average 
OTM 
Performance 
is 
specified, 
otherwise 
specify 
"Not 
Applicable") 
 
 
Basket Component 
OTM Rate 
[⚫] 
(repeat as required) 
[⚫] per cent. 
(repeat as required) 
 
(v) 
Cap: 
[Not Applicable] [OR] [⚫] [OR] 
 
 
(specify 
if 
Selected 
Average 
Individually 
Capped 
Performance/Selected 
Average 
Individually 
Capped 
& 
Floored 
Performance/Selected 
Average Global Capped 
Performance /Selected 
Average Global Capped 
& 
Floored 
Performance/Selected 
Absolute 
Average 
Individually 
Capped 
Performance/Selected 
Absolute 
Average 
Individually Capped & 
Floored 
Performance/Selected 
Absolute 
Average 
Global 
Capped 
Performance/Selected 
Absolute 
Average 
Global 
Capped 
& 
Floored Performance is 
selected, 
otherwise 
specify 
"Not 
Applicable") 
Basket Component 
Cap 
[⚫] 
(repeat as required) 
[⚫] 
(repeat as required) 
 
(vi) 
Floor: 
[Not Applicable] [OR] [⚫] [OR] 
 
 
(specify 
if 
Selected 
Average 
Individually 
Floored 
Performance/Selected 
Average 
Individually 
Capped 
& 
Floored 
Performance/Selected 
Average 
Global 
Floored 
Performance/Selected 
Average Global Capped 
& 
Floored 
Performance/Selected 
Absolute 
Average 
Individually 
Floored 
Basket Component 
Floor 
[⚫] 
(repeat as required) 
[⚫] 
(repeat as required)

--- Page 738 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
738 
 
Performance/Selected 
Absolute 
Average 
Individually Capped & 
Floored 
Performance/Selected 
Absolute 
Average 
Global 
Floored 
Performance/Selected 
Absolute 
Average 
Global 
Capped 
& 
Floored Performance is 
selected, 
otherwise 
specify 
"Not 
Applicable") 
 
(vii) 
Selected 
Basket 
Components: 
[For the purposes of determining the Selected Basket 
Component, 
"J" 
= 
[number], 
[number]… 
and 
[number]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
[insert number assigned to "J", where "J" is a number 
from 1 to N denoting one of the Basket Components 
numbered in order according to the respective values for 
each Basket Component determined by dividing the 
Closing Value for such Basket Component by its 
Applicable Initial Reference Value, starting with the 
Basket Component with the highest such value (Basket 
Component 1) and ending with the Basket Component 
with the lowest such value (Basket Component N), "N" 
being the total number of Basket Components] 
 
(viii) 
Relevant Weighting or 
"Wi": 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable]  
[OR] 
 
 
(specify if Best of – Non 
Equally 
Weighted 
Average 
Performance/Worst of – 
Non Equally Weighted 
Average 
Performance/Selection 
of 
- 
Non 
Equally 
Weighted 
Average 
Performance/Selected 
Non-Equally Weighted 
Average 
OTM 
Performance 
is 
selected, 
otherwise 
specify 
"Not 
Applicable") 
Basket Component 
Wi 
[⚫] 
(repeat as required) 
[⚫] 
(repeat as required) 
 
 
 
(ix) 
Initial Reference Value: 
[⚫]/[Determined 
in 
accordance 
with 
the 
Value 
Determination Terms specified below] 
 
• Initial 
Reference 
Value 
Determination Date(s): 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
• Specified Percentage: 
[[⚫] per cent.]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 739 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
739 
 
 
(x) 
Value Determination 
Terms 
for 
Initial 
Reference Value: 
 
(Section 
4 
of 
the 
Additional Conditions) 
[Not Applicable]/[Spot Value]/[Intraday Value]/[Opening 
Value]/[Closing 
Value]/[Commodity 
Specified 
Price]/[Max 
Lookback 
Value]/[Min 
Lookback 
Value]/[Floored Max Lookback Value]/[Floored Min 
Lookback 
Value]/[Capped 
Max 
Lookback 
Value]/[Capped 
Min 
Lookback 
Value]/[Average 
Value]/[Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value]/[Individually Capped Average Value]/[Globally 
Floored Average Value]/[Globally Capped Average 
Value] 
 
 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
• Initial 
Reference 
Value 
Determination Date(s): 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
• Reference Month: 
(specify 
if 
Securities 
are 
Inflation-Linked 
Securities 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
• Basic Value Determination 
Terms: 
(specify 
if 
Max 
Lookback 
Value/Min 
Lookback 
Value/Floored Max Lookback 
Value/Floored Min Lookback 
Value/Capped Max Lookback 
Value/Capped Min Lookback 
Value/Average 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Capped Average Value/Globally 
Floored Average Value/Globally 
Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected otherwise delete this 
provision) 
[Spot Value]/[Intraday Value]/[Opening Value]/[Closing 
Value]/[Commodity Specified Price] 
 
• Averaging Dates in relation to 
Strike Date: 
(specify 
if 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Floored Average Value/Globally 
Floored Average Value/Globally 
Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, otherwise delete this 
provision) 
[⚫] 
 
• Averaging Date Disruption: 
(For Equity-Linked Securities or 
Futures-Contract 
Linked 
Securities 
only, 
specify 
if 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
[Omission]/[Postponement]/[Modified Postponement]

--- Page 740 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
740 
 
Average Value/Globally Floored 
Average Value/Globally Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, 
otherwise (and if not an Equity-
Linked Security or a Futures 
Contract-Linked Security) delete 
this provision) 
 
• Value Observation Dates in 
respect of Strike Date: 
(specify 
if 
Max 
Lookback 
Value/Min 
Lookback 
Value/Floored Max Lookback 
Value/Floored Min Lookback 
Value/Capped Max Lookback 
Value/Capped Min Lookback 
Value is selected, otherwise 
delete this provision) 
[⚫]/[Each [Common ]Scheduled Trading Day beginning 
on (and including) [date] and ending on (but excluding) 
[date]] [subject to adjustment in accordance with 
[Condition 9.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates and 
Averaging 
Dates)]230/[Condition 
13.1 
(Market 
Disruption, 
Reference 
Dates 
and 
Averaging 
Dates)]231/[Condition 15.1 (Market Disruption, Reference 
Dates and Averaging Dates) 232]] 
 
• Floor Value: 
(specify 
if 
Floored 
Max 
Lookback Value/Floored Min 
Lookback 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, otherwise delete this 
provision)) 
[⚫] 
 
• Global Floor Value: 
(specify if Globally Floored 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
• Cap Value: 
(specify 
if 
Capped 
Max 
Lookback Value/Capped Min 
Lookback 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, otherwise delete this 
provision) 
[⚫] 
 
• Global Cap Value: 
(specify if Globally Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
(xi) 
Value Determination 
Terms 
for 
Final 
Reference Value: 
 
(Section 
4 
of 
the 
Additional Conditions) 
[Not Applicable]/[Spot Value]/[Intraday Value]/[Opening 
Value]/[Closing 
Value]/[Commodity 
Specified 
Price]/[Max 
Lookback 
Value]/[Min 
Lookback 
Value]/[Floored Max Lookback Value]/[Floored Min 
Lookback 
Value]/[Capped 
Max 
Lookback 
Value]/[Capped 
Min 
Lookback 
Value]/[Average 
Value]/[Individually 
Floored 
Average 
 
230 
Insert language where the Securities are Share Basket Securities, Index Basket Securities or ETF Basket Securities 
231 
Insert language where the Securities are Fund Basket Securities  
232 
Insert language where the Securities are Futures Contract Basket Securities

--- Page 741 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
741 
 
Value]/[Individually Capped Average Value]/[Globally 
Floored Average Value]/[Globally Capped Average 
Value] 
 
 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
• Reference Month: 
(specify 
if 
Securities 
are 
Inflation-Linked 
Securities 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
• Basic Value Determination 
Terms: 
(specify 
if 
Max 
Lookback 
Value/Min 
Lookback 
Value/Floored Max Lookback 
Value/Floored Min Lookback 
Value/Capped Max Lookback 
Value/Capped Min Lookback 
Value/Average 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Capped Average Value/Globally 
Floored Average Value/Globally 
Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected otherwise delete this 
provision) 
[Spot Value]/[Intraday Value]/[Opening Value]/[Closing 
Value]/[Commodity Specified Price] 
 
• Averaging Dates in relation to 
Determination Date: 
(specify 
if 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Floored Average Value/Globally 
Floored Average Value/Globally 
Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, otherwise delete this 
provision) 
[⚫] 
 
• Averaging Date Disruption: 
(For Equity-Linked Securities or 
Futures-Contract 
Linked 
Securities 
only, 
specify 
if 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
Average Value/Globally Floored 
Average Value/Globally Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, 
otherwise (and if not an Equity-
Linked Security or a Futures 
Contract-Linked Security) delete 
this provision) 
[Omission]/[Postponement]/[Modified Postponement]

--- Page 742 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
742 
 
 
• Value Observation Dates in 
respect of the Determination 
Date: 
(specify 
if 
Max 
Lookback 
Value/Min 
Lookback 
Value/Floored Max Lookback 
Value/Floored Min Lookback 
Value/Capped Max Lookback 
Value/Capped Min Lookback 
Value is selected, otherwise 
delete this provision) 
[⚫]/[Each [Common ]Scheduled Trading Day beginning 
on (and including) [date] and ending on (but excluding) 
[date]] [subject to adjustment in accordance with 
[Condition 9.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates and 
Averaging 
Dates)]233/[Condition 
13.1 
(Market 
Disruption, 
Reference 
Dates 
and 
Averaging 
Dates)]234/[Condition 15.1 (Market Disruption, Reference 
Dates and Averaging Dates) 235]] 
 
• Floor Value: 
(specify 
if 
Floored 
Max 
Lookback Value/Floored Min 
Lookback 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, otherwise delete this 
provision)) 
[⚫] 
 
• Global Floor Value: 
(specify if Globally Floored 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
• Cap Value: 
(specify 
if 
Capped 
Max 
Lookback Value/Capped Min 
Lookback 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, otherwise delete this 
provision) 
[⚫] 
 
• Global Cap Value: 
(specify if Globally Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
(xii) 
Value Determination 
Terms 
for 
PIDD 
Reference Value as of 
each 
Interest 
Determination Date: 
 
(Section 
4 
of 
the 
Additional Conditions) 
[Not Applicable]/[Spot Value]/[Intraday Value]/[Opening 
Value]/[Closing 
Value]/[Commodity 
Specified 
Price]/[Max 
Lookback 
Value]/[Min 
Lookback 
Value]/[Floored Max Lookback Value]/[Floored Min 
Lookback 
Value]/[Capped 
Max 
Lookback 
Value]/[Capped 
Min 
Lookback 
Value]/[Average 
Value]/[Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value]/[Individually Capped Average Value]/[Globally 
Floored Average Value]/[Globally Capped Average 
Value] 
 
 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
233 
Insert language where the Securities are Share Basket Securities, Index Basket Securities or ETF Basket Securities 
234 
Insert language where the Securities are Fund Basket Securities  
235 
Insert language where the Securities are Futures Contract Basket Securities

--- Page 743 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
743 
 
(Specify if "Cliquet Performance" is selected otherwise 
specify as Not Applicable) 
 
• Reference Month: 
(specify 
if 
Securities 
are 
Inflation-Linked 
Securities 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
• Basic Value Determination 
Terms: 
(specify 
if 
Max 
Lookback 
Value/Min 
Lookback 
Value/Floored Max Lookback 
Value/Floored Min Lookback 
Value/Capped Max Lookback 
Value/Capped Min Lookback 
Value/Average 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Capped Average Value/Globally 
Floored Average Value/Globally 
Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected otherwise delete this 
provision) 
[Spot Value]/[Intraday Value]/[Opening Value]/[Closing 
Value]/[Commodity Specified Price] 
 
• Averaging Dates in relation 
to each Interest 
Determination Date: 
(specify 
if 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Floored Average Value/Globally 
Floored Average Value/Globally 
Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, otherwise delete this 
provision) 
[⚫] in respect of the Interest Determination Date falling on 
[date][, 
[⚫] in respect of the Interest Determination Date falling on 
[date]…. and 
[⚫] in respect of the Interest Determination Date falling on 
[date]] 
 
• Averaging Date Disruption: 
(For Equity-Linked Securities or 
Futures-Contract 
Linked 
Securities 
only, 
specify 
if 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
Average Value/Globally Floored 
Average Value/Globally Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, 
otherwise (and if not an Equity-
Linked Security or a Futures 
Contract-Linked Security) delete 
this provision) 
[Omission]/[Postponement]/[Modified Postponement] 
 
• Value Observation Dates in 
respect 
of 
each 
Interest 
Determination Date: 
(specify 
if 
Max 
Lookback 
Value/Min 
Lookback 
[⚫]/[Each [Common ]Scheduled Trading Day beginning 
on (and including) [date] and ending on (but excluding) 
[date]] in respect of the Interest Determination Date 
falling on [date] [subject to adjustment in accordance with 
[Condition 9.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates and

--- Page 744 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
744 
 
Value/Floored Max Lookback 
Value/Floored Min Lookback 
Value/Capped Max Lookback 
Value/Capped Min Lookback 
Value is selected, otherwise 
delete this provision) 
Averaging 
Dates)]236/[Condition 
13.1 
(Market 
Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging Dates)]237 
/[Condition 15.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates 
and Averaging Dates)] 238] [, 
[⚫]/[Each [Common ]Scheduled Trading Day beginning 
on (and including) [date] and ending on (but excluding) 
[date]] in respect of the Interest Determination Date 
falling on [date] [subject to adjustment in accordance with 
[Condition 9.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates and 
Averaging 
Dates)]239/[Condition 
13.1 
(Market 
Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging Dates)]240 
/[Condition 15.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates 
and Averaging Dates)]241]…. and 
[⚫]/[Each [Common ]Scheduled Trading Day beginning 
on (and including) [date] and ending on (but excluding) 
[date]] in respect of the Interest Determination Date 
falling on [date]] [subject to adjustment in accordance 
with [Condition 9.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates 
and Averaging Dates)]242/[Condition 13.1 (Market 
Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging Dates)]243 
/[Condition 15.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates 
and Averaging Dates)]244] 
 
• Floor Value: 
(specify 
if 
Floored 
Max 
Lookback Value/Floored Min 
Lookback 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, otherwise delete this 
provision)) 
[⚫] 
 
• Global Floor Value: 
(specify if Globally Floored 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
• Cap Value: 
(specify 
if 
Capped 
Max 
Lookback Value/Capped Min 
Lookback 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, otherwise delete this 
provision) 
[⚫] 
 
236 
Insert language where the Securities are Share Basket Securities, Index Basket Securities or ETF Basket Securities 
237 
Insert language where the Securities are Fund Basket Securities  
238 
Insert language where the Securities are Futures Contract Basket Securities  
239 
Insert language where the Securities are Share Basket Securities, Index Basket Securities or ETF Basket Securities 
240 
Insert language where the Securities are Fund Basket Securities  
241 
Insert language where the Securities are Futures Contract Basket Securities  
242 
Insert language where the Securities are Share Basket Securities, Index Basket Securities or ETF Basket Securities 
243 
Insert language where the Securities are Fund Basket Securities  
244 
Insert language where the Securities are Futures Contract Basket Securities

--- Page 745 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
745 
 
 
• Global Cap Value: 
(specify if Globally Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
(xx)  
Linked 
Redemption 
Provisions: 
Performance 
Determination 
Terms 
for Knock-in Value  
 
(for 
determining 
Relevant 
Underlying 
Performance, 
where 
used for determining 
the Knock-in Value) 
(Section 5 of the Additional 
Conditions) 
 
(A) 
Performance 
Determination 
Terms for Securities linked to 
a Single Underlying: 
(for 
determining 
"Relevant 
Underlying Performance") 
[Not 
Applicable]/[Basic 
Performance]/[Cliquet] 
Performance]/[Capped 
Performance]/[Floored 
Performance]/[Capped 
& 
Floored 
Performance]/[Absolute Basic Performance]/[Absolute 
Capped 
Performance]/[Absolute 
Floored 
Performance]/[Absolute 
Capped 
& 
Floored 
Performance]/[OTM 
Performance 
(Single 
Underlying)]/[Optimised 
Performance 
(Type 
1)]/[Optimised Performance (Type 2)] 
 
 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Put Performance 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Performance Rate: 
[⚫] per cent. 
 
(iii) 
Strike: 
[⚫]/[1]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
OTM Rate: 
[[⚫] per cent.]/[Not Applicable] 
(specify if OTM Performance (Single Underlying) is 
specified as being applicable, other specify Not 
Applicable) 
 
(v) 
Election for Optimised 
Initial Reference Value: 
[means the value determined by the Determination Agent 
to be equal to the [lowest]/[highest] of the Closing Values 
of the Relevant Underlying as of each of the Optimised 
Observation Dates]/[Not Applicable] 
(specify if Optimised Performance (Type 1) or Optimised 
Performance (Type 2) is specified as being applicable, 
otherwise specify Not Applicable) 
 
(vi) 
Optimised Observation 
Date(s): 
[⚫]/[Each [Common ]Scheduled Trading Day beginning 
on (and including) [date] and ending on (but excluding) 
[date]] [subject to adjustment in accordance with 
[Condition 9.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates and

--- Page 746 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
746 
 
Averaging 
Dates)]245/[Condition 
13.1 
(Market 
Disruption, 
Reference 
Dates 
and 
Averaging 
Dates)]246/[Condition 15.1 (Market Disruption, Reference 
Dates and Averaging Dates)]247]/[Not Applicable] 
(specify dates if Optimised Performance is specified as 
being applicable, otherwise specify Not Applicable) 
 
(vii) 
Initial Reference Value: 
[⚫]/[Determined 
in 
accordance 
with 
the 
Value 
Determination Terms specified below] 
 
• Initial 
Reference 
Value 
Determination Date(s): 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
• Specified Percentage: 
[[⚫] per cent.]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(viii) 
Value Determination 
Terms 
for 
Initial 
Reference Value: 
 
(Section 
4 
of 
the 
Additional Conditions) 
[Not Applicable]/[Spot Value]/[Intraday Value]/[Opening 
Value]/[Closing Value]/[Max Lookback Value]/[Min 
Lookback 
Value]/[Floored 
Max 
Lookback 
Value]/[Floored Min Lookback Value]/[Capped Max 
Lookback 
Value]/[Capped 
Min 
Lookback 
Value]/[Average Value]/[Individually Floored Average 
Value]/[Individually Capped Average Value]/[Globally 
Floored Average Value]/[Globally Capped Average 
Value] 
 
 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
• Initial 
Reference 
Value 
Determination Date(s): 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
• Reference Month: 
(specify 
if 
Securities 
are 
Inflation-Linked 
Securities 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
• Basic Value Determination 
Terms: 
(specify 
if 
Max 
Lookback 
Value/Min 
Lookback 
Value/Floored Max Lookback 
Value/Floored Min Lookback 
Value/Capped Max Lookback 
Value/Capped Min Lookback 
Value/Average 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Capped Average Value/Globally 
Floored Average Value/Globally 
Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected otherwise delete this 
provision) 
[Spot Value]/[Intraday Value]/[Opening Value]/[Closing 
Value] 
 
245 
Insert language where the Securities are Share Basket Securities, Index Basket Securities or ETF Basket Securities 
246 
Insert language where the Securities are Fund Basket Securities  
247 
Insert language where the Securities are Futures Contract Basket Securities

--- Page 747 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
747 
 
 
• Averaging Dates in relation to 
Strike Date: 
(specify 
if 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Floored Average Value/Globally 
Floored Average Value/Globally 
Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, otherwise delete this 
provision) 
[⚫] 
 
• Averaging Date Disruption: 
(For Equity-Linked Securities or 
Futures-Contract 
Linked 
Securities 
only, 
specify 
if 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
Average Value/Globally Floored 
Average Value/Globally Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, 
otherwise (and if not an Equity-
Linked Security or a Futures 
Contract-Linked Security) delete 
this provision) 
[Omission]/[Postponement]/[Modified Postponement] 
 
• Value Observation Dates in 
respect of Strike Date: 
(specify 
if 
Max 
Lookback 
Value/Min 
Lookback 
Value/Floored Max Lookback 
Value/Floored Min Lookback 
Value/Capped Max Lookback 
Value/Capped Min Lookback 
Value is selected, otherwise 
delete this provision) 
[⚫]/[Each [Common ]Scheduled Trading Day beginning 
on (and including) [date] and ending on (but excluding) 
[date]] [subject to adjustment in accordance with 
[Condition 9.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates and 
Averaging 
Dates)]248/[Condition 
13.1 
(Market 
Disruption, 
Reference 
Dates 
and 
Averaging 
Dates)]249/[Condition 15.1 (Market Disruption, Reference 
Dates and Averaging Dates)]250] 
 
• Floor Value: 
(specify 
if 
Floored 
Max 
Lookback Value/Floored Min 
Lookback 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, otherwise delete this 
provision)) 
[⚫] 
 
• Global Floor Value: 
(specify if Globally Floored 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
• Cap Value: 
[⚫] 
 
248 
Insert language where the Securities are Share Basket Securities, Index Basket Securities or ETF Basket Securities 
249 
Insert language where the Securities are Fund Basket Securities  
250 
Insert language where the Securities are Futures Contract Basket Securities

--- Page 748 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
748 
 
(specify 
if 
Capped 
Max 
Lookback Value/Capped Min 
Lookback 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, otherwise delete this 
provision) 
 
• Global Cap Value: 
(specify if Globally Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
(ix) 
Value Determination 
Terms 
for 
Final 
Reference Value: 
 
(Section 
4 
of 
the 
Additional Conditions) 
[Not Applicable]/[Spot Value]/[Intraday Value]/[Opening 
Value]/[Closing Value]/[Max Lookback Value]/[Min 
Lookback 
Value]/[Floored 
Max 
Lookback 
Value]/[Floored Min Lookback Value]/[Capped Max 
Lookback 
Value]/[Capped 
Min 
Lookback 
Value]/[Average Value]/[Individually Floored Average 
Value]/[Individually Capped Average Value]/[Globally 
Floored Average Value]/[Globally Capped Average 
Value] 
 
 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
• Reference Month: 
(specify 
if 
Securities 
are 
Inflation-Linked 
Securities 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
• Basic Value Determination 
Terms: 
(specify 
if 
Max 
Lookback 
Value/Min 
Lookback 
Value/Floored Max Lookback 
Value/Floored Min Lookback 
Value/Capped Max Lookback 
Value/Capped Min Lookback 
Value/Average 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Capped Average Value/Globally 
Floored Average Value/Globally 
Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected otherwise delete this 
provision) 
[Spot Value]/[Intraday Value]/[Opening Value]/[Closing 
Value] 
 
• Averaging Dates in relation to 
Determination Date: 
(specify 
if 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Floored Average Value/Globally 
Floored Average Value/Globally 
Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, otherwise delete this 
provision) 
[⚫]

--- Page 749 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
749 
 
 
• Averaging Date Disruption: 
(For Equity-Linked Securities or 
Futures-Contract 
Linked 
Securities 
only, 
specify 
if 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
Average Value/Globally Floored 
Average Value/Globally Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, 
otherwise (and if not an Equity-
Linked Security or a Futures 
Contract-Linked Security) delete 
this provision) 
[Omission]/[Postponement]/[Modified Postponement] 
 
• Value Observation Dates in 
respect of the Determination 
Date: 
(specify 
if 
Max 
Lookback 
Value/Min 
Lookback 
Value/Floored Max Lookback 
Value/Floored Min Lookback 
Value/Capped Max Lookback 
Value/Capped Min Lookback 
Value is selected, otherwise 
delete this provision) 
[⚫]/[Each [Common ]Scheduled Trading Day beginning 
on (and including) [date] and ending on (but excluding) 
[date]] [subject to adjustment in accordance with 
[Condition 9.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates and 
Averaging 
Dates)]251/[Condition 
13.1 
(Market 
Disruption, 
Reference 
Dates 
and 
Averaging 
Dates)]252/[Condition 15.1 (Market Disruption, Reference 
Dates and Averaging Dates)]253] 
 
• Floor Value: 
(specify 
if 
Floored 
Max 
Lookback Value/Floored Min 
Lookback 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, otherwise delete this 
provision)) 
[⚫] 
 
• Global Floor Value: 
(specify if Globally Floored 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
• Cap Value: 
(specify 
if 
Capped 
Max 
Lookback Value/Capped Min 
Lookback 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, otherwise delete this 
provision) 
[⚫] 
 
• Global Cap Value: 
[⚫] 
 
251 
Insert language where the Securities are Share Basket Securities, Index Basket Securities or ETF Basket Securities 
252 
Insert language where the Securities are Fund Basket Securities  
253 
Insert language where the Securities are Futures Contract Basket Securities

--- Page 750 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
750 
 
(specify if Globally Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, 
otherwise delete this provision) 
 
(x) 
Value Determination 
Terms 
for 
PIDD 
Reference Value as of 
each 
Interest 
Determination Date: 
 
(Section 
4 
of 
the 
Additional Conditions) 
[Not Applicable]/[Spot Value]/[Opening Value]/[Closing 
Value]/[Floored Lookback Value]/[Capped Lookback 
Value]/[Globally Floored Lookback Value]/[Globally 
Capped 
Lookback 
Value]/[Average 
Value]/[Min 
Value]/[Max Value]/[Floored Min Value]/[Capped Max 
Value]/[Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value]/[Individually Capped Average Value]/[Globally 
Floored Average Value]/[Globally Capped Average 
Value] 
 
 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(Specify if "Cliquet Performance" is selected otherwise 
specify as Not Applicable) 
 
• Reference Month: 
(specify 
if 
Securities 
are 
Inflation-Linked 
Securities 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
• Basic Value Determination 
Terms: 
(specify 
if 
Max 
Lookback 
Value/Min 
Lookback 
Value/Floored Max Lookback 
Value/Floored Min Lookback 
Value/Capped Max Lookback 
Value/Capped Min Lookback 
Value/Average 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Capped Average Value/Globally 
Floored Average Value/Globally 
Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected otherwise delete this 
provision) 
[Spot Value]/[Intraday Value]/[Opening Value]/[Closing 
Value] 
 
• Averaging Dates in relation 
to each Interest 
Determination Date: 
(specify 
if 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Floored Average Value/Globally 
Floored Average Value/Globally 
Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, otherwise delete this 
provision) 
[⚫] in respect of the Interest Determination Date falling on 
[date][, 
[⚫] in respect of the Interest Determination Date falling on 
[date]…. and 
[⚫] in respect of the Interest Determination Date falling on 
[date]] 
 
• Averaging Date Disruption: 
(For Equity-Linked Securities or 
Futures-Contract 
Linked 
Securities 
only, 
specify 
if 
[Omission]/[Postponement]/[Modified Postponement]

--- Page 751 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
751 
 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
Average Value/Globally Floored 
Average Value/Globally Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, 
otherwise (and if not an Equity-
Linked Security or a Futures 
Contract-Linked Security) delete 
this provision) 
 
• Value Observation Dates in 
relation to each Interest 
Determination Date: 
(specify 
if 
Max 
Lookback 
Value/Min 
Lookback 
Value/Floored Max Lookback 
Value/Floored Min Lookback 
Value/Capped Max Lookback 
Value/Capped Min Lookback 
Value is selected, otherwise 
delete this provision) 
[⚫]/[Each [Common ]Scheduled Trading Day beginning 
on (and including) [date] and ending on (but excluding) 
[date]] in respect of the Interest Determination Date 
falling on [date] [subject to adjustment in accordance with 
[Condition 9.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates and 
Averaging 
Dates)]254/[Condition 
13.1 
(Market 
Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging Dates)]255 
/[Condition 15.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates 
and Averaging Dates)]256] [, 
[⚫]/[Each [Common ]Scheduled Trading Day beginning 
on (and including) [date] and ending on (but excluding) 
[date]] in respect of the Interest Determination Date 
falling on [date] [subject to adjustment in accordance with 
[Condition 9.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates and 
Averaging 
Dates)]257/[Condition 
13.1 
(Market 
Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging Dates)]258 
/[Condition 15.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates 
and Averaging Dates)]259]…. and 
[⚫]/[Each [Common ]Scheduled Trading Day beginning 
on (and including) [date] and ending on (but excluding) 
[date]]  in respect of the Interest Determination Date 
falling on [date]] [subject to adjustment in accordance 
with [Condition 9.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates 
and Averaging Dates)]260/[Condition 13.1 (Market 
Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging Dates)]261 
/[Condition 15.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates 
and Averaging Dates)]262] 
 
• Floor Value: 
(specify 
if 
Floored 
Max 
Lookback Value/Floored Min 
Lookback 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value 
is 
[⚫] 
 
254 
Insert language where the Securities are Share Basket Securities, Index Basket Securities or ETF Basket Securities 
255 
Insert language where the Securities are Fund Basket Securities  
256 
Insert language where the Securities are Futures Contract Basket Securities  
257 
Insert language where the Securities are Share Basket Securities, Index Basket Securities or ETF Basket Securities 
258 
Insert language where the Securities are Fund Basket Securities  
259 
Insert language where the Securities are Futures Contract Basket Securities  
260 
Insert language where the Securities are Share Basket Securities, Index Basket Securities or ETF Basket Securities 
261 
Insert language where the Securities are Fund Basket Securities  
262 
Insert language where the Securities are Futures Contract Basket Securities

--- Page 752 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
752 
 
selected, otherwise delete this 
provision)) 
 
• Global Floor Value: 
(specify if Globally Floored 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
• Cap Value: 
(specify 
if 
Capped 
Max 
Lookback Value/Capped Min 
Lookback 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, otherwise delete this 
provision) 
[⚫] 
 
• Global Cap Value: 
(specify if Globally Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
(B) 
Performance 
Determination 
Terms for Securities linked to 
a Relevant Underlying which is 
a Basket: 
(for 
determining 
"Relevant 
Underlying Performance") 
(Section 5 of the Additional 
Conditions) 
[Not 
Applicable]/[Selected 
Average 
Basic 
Performance]/[Selected 
Cliquet 
Average 
Performance]/[Selected Average Individually Capped 
Performance]/[Selected Average Individually Floored 
Performance]/[Selected Average Individually Capped & 
Floored Performance]/[Selected Average Global Capped 
Performance]/[Selected 
Average 
Global 
Floored 
Performance]/[Selected Average Global Capped & 
Floored Performance]/[Selected Absolute Average Basic 
Performance]/[Selected Absolute Average Individually 
Capped 
Performance]/[Selected 
Absolute 
Average 
Individually Floored Performance]/[Selected Absolute 
Average 
Individually 
Capped 
& 
Floored 
Performance]/[Selected Absolute Average Global Capped 
Performance]/[Selected 
Absolute 
Average 
Global 
Floored 
Performance]/[Selected 
Absolute 
Average 
Global Capped & Floored Performance]/[Best of –
Weighted Average Performance]/[Worst of –Weighted 
Average Performance]/[Selection of –Weighted Average 
Performance]/[Selected Equally Weighted Average OTM 
Performance]/[Selected Non-Equally Weighted Average 
OTM 
Performance]/[Selected 
Average 
Top 
Rank 
Performance] 
 
 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Performance Rate: 
[⚫] per cent. 
 
(ii) 
Strike: 
(specify 
if 
Selected 
Average 
Basic 
Performance 
is 
specified 
otherwise 
specify 
"Not 
Applicable") 
[⚫]/[1]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 753 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
753 
 
 
(iii) 
Default Performance: 
[Not Applicable] [OR] [[⚫] [per cent.] [of the Initial 
Reference Value]] [OR] 
 
 
(specify 
if 
Selected 
Average 
Top 
Rank 
Performance 
is 
specified 
otherwise 
specify 
"Not 
Applicable") 
Basket Component 
Default Performance 
[⚫] 
(repeat as required) 
[[⚫] [per cent.] [of the 
Initial Reference Value]] 
(repeat as required) 
 
 
(iv) 
OTM Rate: 
[Not Applicable] [OR] [⚫] per cent. [OR] 
 
 
(specify 
if 
Selected 
Equally 
Weighted 
Average 
OTM 
Performance/Selected 
Non-Equally Weighted 
Average 
OTM 
Performance 
is 
specified, 
otherwise 
specify 
"Not 
Applicable") 
Basket Component 
OTM Rate 
[⚫] 
(repeat as required) 
[⚫] per cent. 
(repeat as required) 
 
 
(v) 
Cap: 
[Not Applicable] [OR] [⚫] [OR] 
 
 
(specify 
if 
Selected 
Average 
Individually 
Capped 
Performance/Selected 
Average 
Individually 
Capped 
& 
Floored 
Performance/Selected 
Average Global Capped 
Performance /Selected 
Average Global Capped 
& 
Floored 
Performance/Selected 
Absolute 
Average 
Individually 
Capped 
Performance/Selected 
Absolute 
Average 
Individually Capped & 
Floored 
Performance/Selected 
Absolute 
Average 
Global 
Capped 
Performance/Selected 
Absolute 
Average 
Global 
Capped 
& 
Floored Performance is 
selected, 
otherwise 
specify 
"Not 
Applicable") 
Basket Component 
Cap 
[⚫] 
(repeat as required) 
[⚫] 
(repeat as required) 
 
 
(vi) 
Floor: 
[Not Applicable] [OR] [⚫] [OR] 
 
 
(specify 
if 
Selected 
Average 
Individually 
Floored 
Basket Component 
Floor 
[⚫] 
[⚫]

--- Page 754 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
754 
 
Performance/Selected 
Average 
Individually 
Capped 
& 
Floored 
Performance/Selected 
Average 
Global 
Floored 
Performance/Selected 
Average Global Capped 
& 
Floored 
Performance/Selected 
Absolute 
Average 
Individually 
Floored 
Performance/Selected 
Absolute 
Average 
Individually Capped & 
Floored 
Performance/Selected 
Absolute 
Average 
Global 
Floored 
Performance/Selected 
Absolute 
Average 
Global 
Capped 
& 
Floored Performance is 
selected, 
otherwise 
specify 
"Not 
Applicable") 
(repeat as required) 
(repeat as required) 
 
 
(vii) 
Selected 
Basket 
Components: 
[For the purposes of determining the Selected Basket 
Component, 
"J" 
= 
[number], 
[number]… 
and 
[number]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
[insert number assigned to "J", where "J" is a number 
from 1 to N denoting one of the Basket Components 
numbered in order according to the respective values for 
each Basket Component determined by dividing the 
Closing Value for such Basket Component by its 
Applicable Initial Reference Value, starting with the 
Basket Component with the highest such value (Basket 
Component 1) and ending with the Basket Component 
with the lowest such value (Basket Component N), "N" 
being the total number of Basket Components] 
 
(viii) 
Relevant Weighting or 
"Wi": 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable]  
[OR] 
 
 
(specify if Best of – Non 
Equally 
Weighted 
Average 
Performance/Worst of – 
Non Equally Weighted 
Average 
Performance/Selection 
of 
- 
Non 
Equally 
Weighted 
Average 
Performance/Selected 
Non-Equally Weighted 
Average 
OTM 
Performance 
is 
selected, 
otherwise 
Basket Component 
Wi 
[⚫] 
(repeat as required) 
[⚫] 
(repeat as required)

--- Page 755 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
755 
 
specify 
"Not 
Applicable") 
 
(ix) 
Initial Reference Value: 
[⚫]/[Determined 
in 
accordance 
with 
the 
Value 
Determination Terms specified below] 
 
• Initial 
Reference 
Value 
Determination Date(s): 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
• Specified Percentage: 
[[⚫] per cent.]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(x) 
Value Determination 
Terms 
for 
Initial 
Reference Value: 
 
(Section 
4 
of 
the 
Additional Conditions) 
[Not Applicable]/[Spot Value]/[Intraday Value]/[Opening 
Value]/[Closing Value]/[Max Lookback Value]/[Min 
Lookback 
Value]/[Floored 
Max 
Lookback 
Value]/[Floored Min Lookback Value]/[Capped Max 
Lookback 
Value]/[Capped 
Min 
Lookback 
Value]/[Average Value]/[Individually Floored Average 
Value]/[Individually Capped Average Value]/[Globally 
Floored Average Value]/[Globally Capped Average 
Value] 
 
 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
• Initial Reference Value 
Determination Date(s): 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
• Reference Month: 
(specify 
if 
Securities 
are 
Inflation-Linked 
Securities 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
• Basic Value Determination 
Terms: 
(specify 
if 
Max 
Lookback 
Value/Min 
Lookback 
Value/Floored Max Lookback 
Value/Floored Min Lookback 
Value/Capped Max Lookback 
Value/Capped Min Lookback 
Value/Average 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Capped Average Value/Globally 
Floored Average Value/Globally 
Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected otherwise delete this 
provision) 
[Spot Value]/[Intraday Value]/[Opening Value]/[Closing 
Value] 
 
• Averaging Dates in relation 
to Strike Date: 
(specify 
if 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Floored Average Value/Globally 
Floored Average Value/Globally 
Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
[⚫]

--- Page 756 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
756 
 
selected, otherwise delete this 
provision) 
 
• Averaging Date Disruption: 
(For Equity-Linked Securities or 
Futures-Contract 
Linked 
Securities 
only, 
specify 
if 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
Average Value/Globally Floored 
Average Value/Globally Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, 
otherwise (and if not an Equity-
Linked Security or a Futures 
Contract-Linked Security) delete 
this provision) 
[Omission]/[Postponement]/[Modified Postponement] 
 
• Value Observation Dates in 
respect of Strike Date: 
(specify 
if 
Max 
Lookback 
Value/Min 
Lookback 
Value/Floored Max Lookback 
Value/Floored Min Lookback 
Value/Capped Max Lookback 
Value/Capped Min Lookback 
Value is selected, otherwise 
delete this provision) 
[⚫]/[Each [Common ]Scheduled Trading Day beginning 
on (and including) [date] and ending on (but excluding) 
[date]] [subject to adjustment in accordance with 
[Condition 9.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates and 
Averaging 
Dates)]263/[Condition 
13.1 
(Market 
Disruption, 
Reference 
Dates 
and 
Averaging 
Dates)]264/[Condition 15.1 (Market Disruption, Reference 
Dates and Averaging Dates)]265] 
 
• Floor Value: 
(specify 
if 
Floored 
Max 
Lookback Value/Floored Min 
Lookback 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, otherwise delete this 
provision)) 
[⚫] 
 
• Global Floor Value: 
(specify if Globally Floored 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
• Cap Value: 
(specify 
if 
Capped 
Max 
Lookback Value/Capped Min 
Lookback 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, otherwise delete this 
provision) 
[⚫] 
 
• Global Cap Value: 
[⚫] 
 
263 
Insert language where the Securities are Share Basket Securities, Index Basket Securities or ETF Basket Securities 
264 
Insert language where the Securities are Fund Basket Securities  
265 
Insert language where the Securities are Futures Contract Basket Securities

--- Page 757 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
757 
 
(specify if Globally Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, 
otherwise delete this provision) 
 
(xi) 
Value Determination 
Terms 
for 
Final 
Reference Value: 
 
(Section 
4 
of 
the 
Additional Conditions) 
[Not Applicable]/[Spot Value]/[Intraday Value]/[Opening 
Value]/[Closing Value]/[Max Lookback Value]/[Min 
Lookback 
Value]/[Floored 
Max 
Lookback 
Value]/[Floored Min Lookback Value]/[Capped Max 
Lookback 
Value]/[Capped 
Min 
Lookback 
Value]/[Average Value]/[Individually Floored Average 
Value]/[Individually Capped Average Value]/[Globally 
Floored Average Value]/[Globally Capped Average 
Value] 
 
 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
• Reference Month: 
(specify 
if 
Securities 
are 
Inflation-Linked 
Securities 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
• Basic Value Determination 
Terms: 
(specify 
if 
Max 
Lookback 
Value/Min 
Lookback 
Value/Floored Max Lookback 
Value/Floored Min Lookback 
Value/Capped Max Lookback 
Value/Capped Min Lookback 
Value/Average 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Capped Average Value/Globally 
Floored Average Value/Globally 
Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected otherwise delete this 
provision) 
[Spot Value]/[Intraday Value]/[Opening Value]/[Closing 
Value] 
 
• Averaging Dates in relation 
to Determination Date: 
(specify 
if 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Floored Average Value/Globally 
Floored Average Value/Globally 
Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, otherwise delete this 
provision) 
[⚫] 
 
• Averaging Date Disruption: 
(For Equity-Linked Securities or 
Futures-Contract 
Linked 
Securities 
only, 
specify 
if 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
Average Value/Globally Floored 
[Omission]/[Postponement]/[Modified Postponement]

--- Page 758 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
758 
 
Average Value/Globally Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, 
otherwise (and if not an Equity-
Linked Security or a Futures 
Contract-Linked Security) delete 
this provision) 
 
• Value Observation Dates in 
respect of the Determination 
Date: 
(specify 
if 
Max 
Lookback 
Value/Min 
Lookback 
Value/Floored Max Lookback 
Value/Floored Min Lookback 
Value/Capped Max Lookback 
Value/Capped Min Lookback 
Value is selected, otherwise 
delete this provision) 
[⚫]/[Each [Common ]Scheduled Trading Day beginning 
on (and including) [date] and ending on (but excluding) 
[date]] [subject to adjustment in accordance with 
[Condition 9.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates and 
Averaging 
Dates)]266/[Condition 
13.1 
(Market 
Disruption, 
Reference 
Dates 
and 
Averaging 
Dates)]267/[Condition 15.1 (Market Disruption, Reference 
Dates and Averaging Dates)]268] 
 
• Floor Value: 
(specify 
if 
Floored 
Max 
Lookback Value/Floored Min 
Lookback 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, otherwise delete this 
provision)) 
[⚫] 
 
• Global Floor Value: 
(specify if Globally Floored 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
• Cap Value: 
(specify 
if 
Capped 
Max 
Lookback Value/Capped Min 
Lookback 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, otherwise delete this 
provision) 
[⚫] 
 
• Global Cap Value: 
(specify if Globally Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
(xii) 
Value Determination 
Terms 
for 
PIDD 
Reference Value as of 
each 
Interest 
Determination Date: 
[Not Applicable]/[Spot Value]/[Intraday Value]/[Opening 
Value]/[Closing Value]/[Max Lookback Value]/[Min 
Lookback 
Value]/[Floored 
Max 
Lookback 
Value]/[Floored Min Lookback Value]/[Capped Max 
Lookback 
Value]/[Capped 
Min 
Lookback 
Value]/[Average Value]/[Individually Floored Average 
Value]/[Individually Capped Average Value]/[Globally 
 
266 
Insert language where the Securities are Share Basket Securities, Index Basket Securities or ETF Basket Securities 
267 
Insert language where the Securities are Fund Basket Securities  
268 
Insert language where the Securities are Futures Contract Basket Securities

--- Page 759 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
759 
 
 
(Section 
4 
of 
the 
Additional Conditions) 
Floored Average Value]/[Globally Capped Average 
Value] 
 
 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(Specify if "Cliquet Performance" is selected otherwise 
specify as Not Applicable) 
 
• Reference Month: 
(specify 
if 
Securities 
are 
Inflation-Linked 
Securities 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
• Basic Value Determination 
Terms: 
(specify 
if 
Max 
Lookback 
Value/Min 
Lookback 
Value/Floored Max Lookback 
Value/Floored Min Lookback 
Value/Capped Max Lookback 
Value/Capped Min Lookback 
Value/Average 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Capped Average Value/Globally 
Floored Average Value/Globally 
Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected otherwise delete this 
provision) 
[Spot Value]/[Intraday Value]/[Opening Value]/[Closing 
Value] 
 
• Averaging Dates in relation 
to each Interest 
Determination Date: 
(specify 
if 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Floored Average Value/Globally 
Floored Average Value/Globally 
Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, otherwise delete this 
provision) 
[⚫] in respect of the Interest Determination Date falling on 
[date][, 
[⚫] in respect of the Interest Determination Date falling on 
[date]…. and 
[⚫] in respect of the Interest Determination Date falling on 
[date]] 
 
• Averaging Date Disruption: 
(For Equity-Linked Securities or 
Futures-Contract 
Linked 
Securities 
only, 
specify 
if 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
Average Value/Globally Floored 
Average Value/Globally Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, 
otherwise (and if not an Equity-
Linked Security or a Futures 
Contract-Linked Security) delete 
this provision) 
[Omission]/[Postponement]/[Modified Postponement]

--- Page 760 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
760 
 
 
• Value Observation Dates in 
respect of each Interest 
Determination Date: 
(specify 
if 
Max 
Lookback 
Value/Min 
Lookback 
Value/Floored Max Lookback 
Value/Floored Min Lookback 
Value/Capped Max Lookback 
Value/Capped Min Lookback 
Value is selected, otherwise 
delete this provision) 
[⚫]/[Each [Common ]Scheduled Trading Day beginning 
on (and including) [date] and ending on (but excluding) 
[date]] in respect of the Interest Determination Date 
falling on [date] [subject to adjustment in accordance with 
[Condition 9.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates and 
Averaging 
Dates)]269/[Condition 
13.1 
(Market 
Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging Dates)]270 
/[Condition 15.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates 
and Averaging Dates)] 271] [, 
[⚫]/[Each [Common ]Scheduled Trading Day beginning 
on (and including) [date] and ending on (but excluding) 
[date]] in respect of the Interest Determination Date 
falling on [date] [subject to adjustment in accordance with 
[Condition 9.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates and 
Averaging 
Dates)]272/[Condition 
13.1 
(Market 
Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging Dates)]273 
/[Condition 15.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates 
and Averaging Dates)]274]…. and 
[⚫]/[Each [Common ]Scheduled Trading Day beginning 
on (and including) [date] and ending on (but excluding) 
[date]] in respect of the Interest Determination Date 
falling on [date]] [subject to adjustment in accordance 
with [Condition 9.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates 
and Averaging Dates)]275/[Condition 13.1 (Market 
Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging Dates)]276 
/[Condition 15.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates 
and Averaging Dates)] 277] 
 
• Floor Value: 
(specify 
if 
Floored 
Max 
Lookback Value/Floored Min 
Lookback 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, otherwise delete this 
provision)) 
[⚫] 
 
• Global Floor Value: 
(specify if Globally Floored 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
• Cap Value: 
(specify 
if 
Capped 
Max 
Lookback Value/Capped Min 
[⚫] 
 
269 
Insert language where the Securities are Share Basket Securities, Index Basket Securities or ETF Basket Securities 
270 
Insert language where the Securities are Fund Basket Securities  
271 
Insert language where the Securities are Futures Contract Basket Securities  
272 
Insert language where the Securities are Share Basket Securities, Index Basket Securities or ETF Basket Securities 
273 
Insert language where the Securities are Fund Basket Securities  
274 
Insert language where the Securities are Futures Contract Basket Securities  
275 
Insert language where the Securities are Share Basket Securities, Index Basket Securities or ETF Basket Securities 
276 
Insert language where the Securities are Fund Basket Securities  
277 
Insert language where the Securities are Futures Contract Basket Securities

--- Page 761 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
761 
 
Lookback 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, otherwise delete this 
provision) 
 
• Global Cap Value: 
(specify if Globally Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
 
31. 
Early Redemption 
 
 
(A) 
Autocall 1: 
(Paragraph 2.1 of Section 2 of 
the Additional Conditions) 
[Applicable. 
[Non-Memory 
Redemption]/[Memory 
Redemption]/[Fixed 
Redemption] 
applies.]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
 
(i) 
Knock-in Value: 
[[Worst 
Performance]/[Best 
Performance]/[Selected 
Worst 
of 
Performance]/[Selected 
Best 
of 
Performance]/[Relevant Underlying Performance] is 
applicable]/[is the Relevant Underlying Value] [and "N" 
is equal to [⚫]] 
 
 
(ii) 
Automatic Early 
Redemption Event 
occurs if: 
the Knock-in Value [as of the relevant Automatic Early 
Redemption Determination Date]/[as of each Barrier 
Observation Date in respect of the relevant Automatic 
Early Redemption Determination Date]/[at any time 
during the Barrier Observation Period in respect of the 
relevant Automatic Early Redemption Determination 
Date] is [greater than]/[greater than or equal to]/[equal 
to]/[less than]/[less than or equal to] the Autocall Barrier 
Value in respect of such Automatic Early Redemption 
Determination Date. 
 
 
(iii) 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[⚫] 
 
 
(iv) 
Barrier 
Observation 
Date(s): 
[Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
[OR] 
 
 
 
Automatic Early 
Redemption 
Determination 
Date 
Barrier Observation Dates 
 
[⚫] 
(repeat 
as 
required) 
[⚫] 
(repeat as required)

--- Page 762 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
762 
 
 
(v) 
Barrier Observation 
Period: 
[Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
[OR] 
 
 
 
Automatic Early 
Redemption 
Determination 
Date 
Barrier Observation Period 
 
[⚫] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[Barrier Observation Date]/[From 
[and including]/[but excluding] 
[Barrier Observation Period Start 
Date] to [but excluding]/[and 
including] [Barrier Observation 
Period End Date]]/[Each 
[Common ]Scheduled Trading 
Day beginning on (and including) 
[⚫] and ending on (but excluding) 
[⚫]][subject to adjustment in 
accordance with [Condition 9.1 
(Market Disruption, Reference 
Dates and Averaging 
Dates)]278/[Condition 13.1 
(Market Disruption, Reference 
Dates and Averaging 
Dates)]279/[Condition 15.1 
(Market Disruption, Reference 
Dates and Averaging Dates)280 
] 
(repeat as required) 
 
(vi) 
Automatic Early 
Redemption Date(s): 
 [[Scheduled Automatic Early Redemption Date [is]/[are]] 
[⚫]] 
 
 
(vii) 
Automatic Early 
Redemption Specified 
Day(s): 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(if Not Applicable, delete the below) 
[⚫] 
[Business 
Day[s]]/[Clearing 
System 
Business 
Day[s]]/[calendar days]] 
 
 
(viii) Autocall Barrier Value: 
[⚫]/[[⚫] per cent. of the Initial Reference Value] 
 
 
 
[OR] 
 
 
 
Automatic Early 
Redemption 
Determination 
Date 
Autocall Barrier Value 
 
[⚫] 
(repeat 
as 
required) 
[⚫]/[[⚫] per cent. of the Initial 
Reference Value] 
(repeat as required) 
 
278 
Insert language where the Securities are Share Basket Securities, Index Basket Securities or ETF Basket Securities 
279 
Insert language where the Securities are Fund Basket Securities  
280 
Insert language where the Securities are Futures Contract Basket Securities

--- Page 763 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
763 
 
 
(ix) 
Automatic Early 
Redemption Rate: 
[[⚫] per cent.]/[A percentage rate to be determined by the 
Determination Agent before the Issue Date and notified to 
the Securityholders not more than 15 Business Days 
thereafter by publication on [⚫] (insert website address) [
⚫], provided that such percentage rate shall be [not less 
than [⚫] per cent.] [and] [not greater than [⚫] per 
cent.]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
[OR] 
 
 
 
Automatic Early 
Redemption 
Determination 
Date 
Automatic Early Redemption 
Rate 
 
[⚫]  
(repeat 
as 
required) 
[[⚫] per cent.]/[A percentage rate to 
be 
determined 
by 
the 
Determination Agent before the 
Issue Date and notified to the 
Securityholders not more than 15 
Business 
Days 
thereafter 
by 
publication on [⚫] (insert website 
address), provided that such 
percentage rate shall be [not less 
than [⚫] per cent.] [and] [not 
greater than [⚫] per cent.]]/[Not 
Applicable] (repeat as required) 
 
(x) 
Specified Rate: 
[[⚫]/[100] per cent.]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
[OR] 
 
 
 
Automatic Early 
Redemption 
Determination 
Date 
Specified Rate 
 
[⚫] 
(repeat 
as 
required) 
[⚫] per cent. 
(repeat as required) 
 
(xi) 
Multiplier: 
[[Not Applicable]/[⚫]/[100] per cent.]/[A percentage rate 
to be determined by the Determination Agent before the 
Issue Date and notified to the Securityholders not more 
than 15 Business Days thereafter by publication on [⚫] 
(insert website address), provided that such percentage 
rate shall be [not less than [⚫] per cent.] [and] [not greater 
than [⚫] per cent.]] 
 
 
 
Automatic Early 
Redemption Date 
Multiplier 
 
[⚫] 
(repeat 
as 
required) 
[[Not Applicable]/[⚫]/[100] per 
cent.]/[A percentage rate to be 
determined by the Determination 
Agent before the Issue Date and 
notified to the Securityholders not 
more than 15 Business Days

--- Page 764 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
764 
 
thereafter by publication on [⚫] 
(insert website address), provided 
that such percentage rate shall be 
[not less than [⚫] per cent.] [and] 
[not greater than [⚫] per cent.]]  
(repeat as required) 
 
(xii) 
Reset Initial 
Reference Value: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(xiii) 
Initial Reference 
Value: 
[⚫]/[Determined 
in 
accordance 
with 
the 
Value 
Determination Terms specified below]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Initial 
Reference 
Value 
Determinatio
n Date(s): 
 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
[OR] 
 
 
 
Basket 
Component 
Initial Reference Value 
 
[⚫] 
(repeat 
as 
required) 
[⚫]/[Determined 
in 
accordance 
with the Value Determination 
Terms specified below] 
(repeat as required) 
 
 
[OR] 
 
 
• 
Reset Barrier 
Value: 
(specify 
if 
Reset 
Initial 
Reference Value is applicable 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫]/[[⚫] per cent of Relevant Underlying Value] 
 
 
• 
Reset Rate: 
(specify 
if 
Reset 
Initial 
Reference Value is applicable 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫]/[[⚫] per cent of Relevant Underlying Value] 
 
 
• 
Reset 
Observation 
Date: 
(specify 
if 
Reset 
Initial 
Reference Value is applicable 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
 
• 
Specified 
Percentage: 
[[⚫] per cent.]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(xiv) 
Value Determination 
Terms for Initial 
Reference Value as of 
[Not Applicable]/[Spot Value]/[Intraday Value]/[Opening 
Value]/[Closing 
Value]/[Commodity 
Specified 
Price]/[Max 
Lookback 
Value]/[Min 
Lookback

--- Page 765 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
765 
 
[Strike Date][Initial 
Reference Value 
Determination Date]: 
(Section 
4 
of 
the 
Additional Conditions) 
Value]/[Floored Max Lookback Value]/[Floored Min 
Lookback 
Value]/[Capped 
Max 
Lookback 
Value]/[Capped 
Min 
Lookback 
Value]/[Average 
Value]/[Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value]/[Individually Capped Average Value]/[Globally 
Floored Average Value]/[Globally Capped Average 
Value]/[Strategy Price] 
 
 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
 
• 
Initial 
Reference 
Value 
Determinatio
n Date(s): 
[⚫] 
 
 
• 
Reference 
Month: 
(specify 
if 
Securities 
are 
Inflation-Linked 
Securities 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
 
• 
Basic Value 
Determinatio
n Terms: 
(specify 
if 
Max 
Lookback 
Value/Min 
Lookback 
Value/Floored Max Lookback 
Value/Floored Min Lookback 
Value/Capped Max Lookback 
Value/Capped Min Lookback 
Value/Average 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value/Globally 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Globally 
Capped 
Average 
Value/Strategy Price is selected 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[Spot Value]/[Intraday Value]/[Opening Value]/[Closing 
Value]/[Commodity Specified Price] 
 
 
• 
Averaging 
Dates 
in 
relation 
to 
Strike Date: 
(specify 
if 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Globally 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Globally 
Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, otherwise delete this 
provision) 
[⚫]

--- Page 766 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
766 
 
 
• 
Averaging 
Date 
Disruption: 
(For Equity-Linked Securities 
or Futures-Contract Linked 
Securities 
only, 
specify 
if 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Globally 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Globally 
Capped 
Average Value is selected, 
otherwise (and if not an Equity-
Linked Security or a Futures 
Contract-Linked 
Security) 
delete this provision) 
[Omission]/[Postponement]/[Modified Postponement] 
 
 
• 
Value 
Observation 
Dates 
in 
respect 
of 
Strike Date: 
(specify 
if 
Max 
Lookback 
Value/Min 
Lookback 
Value/Floored Max Lookback 
Value/Floored Min Lookback 
Value/Capped Max Lookback 
Value/Capped Min Lookback 
Value is selected, otherwise 
delete this provision) 
[⚫]/[Each [Common ]Scheduled Trading Day beginning 
on (and including) [date] and ending on (but excluding) 
[date]] [subject to adjustment in accordance with 
[Condition 9.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates and 
Averaging 
Dates)]281/[Condition 
13.1 
(Market 
Disruption, 
Reference 
Dates 
and 
Averaging 
Dates)]282/[Condition 15.1 (Market Disruption, Reference 
Dates and Averaging Dates)]] 
 
 
• 
Floor Value: 
(specify 
if 
Floored 
Max 
Lookback Value/Floored Min 
Lookback 
Value/Individually 
Floored Average Value is 
selected, otherwise delete this 
provision)) 
[⚫] 
 
 
• 
Global Floor 
Value: 
(specify if Globally Floored 
Average Value is selected, 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
 
• 
Cap Value: 
(specify 
if 
Capped 
Max 
Lookback Value/Capped Min 
Lookback 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
[⚫] 
 
 
281 
Insert language where the Securities are Share Basket Securities, Index Basket Securities or ETF Basket Securities 
282 
Insert language where the Securities are Fund Basket Securities

--- Page 767 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
767 
 
selected, otherwise delete this 
provision) 
 
• 
Global 
Cap 
Value: 
(specify if Globally Capped 
Average Value is selected, 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
 
• 
Closing 
Value 
with 
Dividend 
Adjusted 
Performance: 
(specify if Strategy Price is 
selected, otherwise delete this 
provision) 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Strategy 
Calculation 
(Closing 
Value): 
(specify if Strategy Price is 
selected, otherwise delete this 
provision) 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Strategy 
Calculation 
(Opening 
Value): 
(specify if Strategy Price is 
selected, otherwise delete this 
provision) 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Strategy 
Calculation 
(Intraday 
Value): 
(specify if Strategy Price is 
selected, otherwise delete this 
provision) 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Relevant 
Underlying 
Currency: 
[•] 
 
 
(specify if Closing Value with 
Dividend 
Adjusted 
Performance 
is 
selected, 
otherwise delete this provision) 
 
 
 
• 
Dividend 
Screen Page: 
[•] 
 
 
(specify if Closing Value with 
Dividend 
Adjusted

--- Page 768 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
768 
 
Performance 
is 
selected, 
otherwise delete this provision) 
 
• 
Pre-Defined 
Dividend: 
[•] 
 
 
(specify if Closing Value with 
Dividend 
Adjusted 
Performance 
is 
selected, 
otherwise delete this provision) 
 
 
 
• 
Observation 
Dates(t): 
(specify if Strategy Calculation 
(Closing Value) / Strategy 
Calculation (Opening Value) / 
Strategy Calculation (Intraday 
Value) is selected, otherwise 
delete this provision) 
[Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Determination 
Date]/[Barrier 
Observation 
Date]/[Barrier 
Observation Period] 
Observation Dates(t) 
[date] 
[[date][, [date]…. and 
[date]] (inclusive) and 
ending 
on 
[date] 
(excluded)] 
[…] 
[…] 
[date] 
[[date][, [date]…. and 
[date]] (inclusive) and 
ending 
on 
[date] 
(excluded)] 
 
 
• 
A: 
(specify if Strategy Calculation 
(Closing Value) / Strategy 
Calculation (Opening Value) / 
Strategy Calculation (Intraday 
Value) is selected, otherwise 
delete this provision) 
[Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Determination 
Date]/[Barrier 
Observation 
Date]/[Barrier 
Observation Period] 
A 
[date] 
[•] 
[…] 
[…] 
[date] 
[•] 
 
 
• 
B: 
(specify if Strategy Calculation 
(Closing Value) / Strategy 
Calculation (Opening Value) / 
Strategy Calculation (Intraday 
Value) is selected, otherwise 
delete this provision) 
[Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Determination 
Date]/[Barrier 
Observation 
Date]/[Barrier 
Observation Period] 
B 
[date] 
[•] 
[…] 
[…] 
[date] 
[•]

--- Page 769 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
769 
 
 
(xv) 
Value Determination 
Terms 
for 
determining 
Final 
Reference 
Value 
(Autocall): 
[Not Applicable]/[Spot Value]/[Intraday Value]/[Opening 
Value]/[Closing 
Value]/[Commodity 
Specified 
Price]/[Max 
Lookback 
Value]/[Min 
Lookback 
Value]/[Floored Max Lookback Value]/[Floored Min 
Lookback 
Value]/[Capped 
Max 
Lookback 
Value]/[Capped 
Min 
Lookback 
Value]/[Average 
Value]/[Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value]/[Individually Capped Average Value]/[Globally 
Floored Average Value]/[Globally Capped Average 
Value]/[Strategy Price] 
 
 
 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
 
• 
Reference 
Month: 
(specify 
if 
Securities 
are 
Inflation-Linked 
Securities 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
 
• 
Basic Value 
Determinatio
n Terms: 
(specify 
if 
Max 
Lookback 
Value/Min 
Lookback 
Value/Floored Max Lookback 
Value/Floored Min Lookback 
Value/Capped Max Lookback 
Value/Capped Min Lookback 
Value/Average 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value/Globally 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Globally 
Capped 
Average 
Value/Strategy Price is selected 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[Spot Value]/[Intraday Value]/[Opening Value]/[Closing 
Value]/[Commodity Specified Price] 
 
 
• 
Averaging 
Dates 
in 
relation 
to 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Determinatio
n Date: 
(specify 
if 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Globally 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Globally 
Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, otherwise delete this 
provision) 
[⚫]

--- Page 770 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
770 
 
 
 
[OR] 
 
 
 
Automatic Early 
Redemption 
Determination 
Date 
Averaging Dates 
 
[⚫] 
(repeat 
as 
required) 
[⚫] 
(repeat as required) 
 
• 
Averaging 
Date 
Disruption: 
(For Equity-Linked Securities 
or Futures-Contract Linked 
Securities 
only, 
specify 
if 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Globally 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Globally 
Capped 
Average Value is selected, 
otherwise (and if not an Equity-
Linked Security or a Futures 
Contract-Linked 
Security) 
delete this provision) 
[Omission]/[Postponement]/[Modified Postponement] 
 
 
• 
Value 
Observation 
Dates 
in 
relation 
to 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Determinatio
n Date: 
(specify 
if 
Max 
Lookback 
Value/Min 
Lookback 
Value/Floored Max Lookback 
Value/Floored Min Lookback 
Value/Capped Max Lookback 
Value/Capped Min Lookback 
Value is selected, otherwise 
delete this provision) 
[⚫]/[Each [Common ]Scheduled Trading Day beginning 
on (and including) [date] and ending on (but excluding) 
[date]] [subject to adjustment in accordance with 
[Condition 9.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates and 
Averaging 
Dates)]283/[Condition 
13.1 
(Market 
Disruption, 
Reference 
Dates 
and 
Averaging 
Dates)]284/[Condition 15.1 (Market Disruption, Reference 
Dates and Averaging Dates)]285] 
 
 
 
[OR] 
 
 
 
Automatic Early 
Redemption 
Value Observation Dates 
 
 
283 
Insert language where the Securities are Share Basket Securities, Index Basket Securities or ETF Basket Securities 
284 
Insert language where the Securities are Fund Basket Securities  
285 
Insert language where the Securities are Futures Contract Basket Securities

--- Page 771 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
771 
 
Determination 
Date 
[⚫] 
(repeat 
as 
required) 
[⚫]/[Each [Common ]Scheduled 
Trading Day beginning on (and 
including) [date] and ending on 
(but excluding) [date]] [subject to 
adjustment in accordance with 
[Condition 9.1 (Market Disruption, 
Reference Dates and Averaging 
Dates)]286/[Condition 13.1 (Market 
Disruption, Reference Dates and 
Averaging 
Dates)]287/[Condition 
15.1 
(Market 
Disruption, 
Reference Dates and Averaging 
Dates)]288]  
(repeat as required) 
 
• 
Floor Value: 
(specify 
if 
Floored 
Max 
Lookback Value/Floored Min 
Lookback 
Value/Individually 
Floored Average Value is 
selected, otherwise delete this 
provision)) 
[⚫] 
 
 
• 
Global Floor 
Value: 
(specify if Globally Floored 
Average Value is selected, 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
 
• 
Cap Value: 
(specify 
if 
Capped 
Max 
Lookback Value/Capped Min 
Lookback 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, otherwise delete this 
provision) 
[⚫] 
 
 
• 
Global 
Cap 
Value: 
(specify if Globally Capped 
Average Value is selected, 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
 
• 
Closing 
Value 
with 
Dividend 
Adjusted 
Performance: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
286 
Insert language where the Securities are Share Basket Securities, Index Basket Securities or ETF Basket Securities 
287 
Insert language where the Securities are Fund Basket Securities  
288 
Insert language where the Securities are Futures Contract Basket Securities

--- Page 772 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
772 
 
(specify if Strategy Price is 
selected, otherwise delete this 
provision) 
 
• 
Strategy 
Calculation 
(Closing 
Value): 
(specify if Strategy Price is 
selected, otherwise delete this 
provision) 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Strategy 
Calculation 
(Opening 
Value): 
(specify if Strategy Price is 
selected, otherwise delete this 
provision) 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Strategy 
Calculation 
(Intraday 
Value): 
(specify if Strategy Price is 
selected, otherwise delete this 
provision) 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Relevant 
Underlying 
Currency: 
[•] 
 
 
(specify if Closing Value with 
Dividend 
Adjusted 
Performance 
is 
selected, 
otherwise delete this provision) 
 
 
 
• 
Dividend 
Screen Page: 
[•] 
 
 
(specify if Closing Value with 
Dividend 
Adjusted 
Performance 
is 
selected, 
otherwise delete this provision) 
 
 
 
• 
Pre-Defined 
Dividend: 
[•] 
 
 
(specify if Closing Value with 
Dividend 
Adjusted 
Performance 
is 
selected, 
otherwise delete this provision) 
 
 
 
• 
Observation 
Dates(t): 
(specify if Strategy Calculation 
(Closing Value) / Strategy 
[Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Determination 
Date]/[Barrier 
Observation 
Observation Dates(t)

--- Page 773 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
773 
 
Calculation (Opening Value) / 
Strategy Calculation (Intraday 
Value) is selected, otherwise 
delete this provision) 
Date]/[Barrier 
Observation Period] 
[date] 
[[date][, [date]…. and 
[date]] (inclusive) and 
ending 
on 
[date] 
(excluded)] 
[…] 
[…] 
[date] 
[[date][, [date]…. and 
[date]] (inclusive) and 
ending 
on 
[date] 
(excluded)] 
 
• 
A: 
(specify if Strategy Calculation 
(Closing Value) / Strategy 
Calculation (Opening Value) / 
Strategy Calculation (Intraday 
Value) is selected, otherwise 
delete this provision) 
[Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Determination 
Date]/[Barrier 
Observation 
Date]/[Barrier 
Observation Period] 
A 
[date] 
[•] 
[…] 
[…] 
[date] 
[•] 
 
 
• 
B: 
(specify if Strategy Calculation 
(Closing Value) / Strategy 
Calculation (Opening Value) / 
Strategy Calculation (Intraday 
Value) is selected, otherwise 
delete this provision) 
[Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Determination 
Date]/[Barrier 
Observation 
Date]/[Barrier 
Observation Period] 
B 
[date] 
[•] 
[…] 
[…] 
[date] 
[•] 
 
 
(xvi)   Value Determination 
Terms for Relevant 
Underlying Value as 
of the relevant date or 
period: 
(Section 
4 
of 
the 
Additional Conditions) 
[Not Applicable]/[Spot Value]/[Intraday Value]/[Opening 
Value]/[Closing 
Value]/[Commodity 
Specified 
Price]/[Max 
Lookback 
Value]/[Min 
Lookback 
Value]/[Floored Max Lookback Value]/[Floored Min 
Lookback 
Value]/[Capped 
Max 
Lookback 
Value]/[Capped 
Min 
Lookback 
Value]/[Average 
Value]/[Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value]/[Individually Capped Average Value]/[Globally 
Floored Average Value]/[Globally Capped Average 
Value]/[Strategy Price] 
 
 
 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
 
• 
Reference 
Month: 
[⚫]

--- Page 774 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
774 
 
(specify 
if 
Securities 
are 
Inflation-Linked 
Securities 
otherwise delete this provision) 
 
• 
Basic Value 
Determinatio
n Terms: 
(specify 
if 
Max 
Lookback 
Value/Min 
Lookback 
Value/Floored Max Lookback 
Value/Floored Min Lookback 
Value/Capped Max Lookback 
Value/Capped Min Lookback 
Value/Average 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value/Globally 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Globally 
Capped 
Average 
Value/Strategy Price is selected 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[Spot Value]/[Intraday Value]/[Opening Value]/[Closing 
Value]/[Commodity Specified Price] 
 
 
• 
Averaging 
Dates 
in 
relation to the 
relevant date 
or period: 
(specify 
if 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Globally 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Globally 
Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, otherwise delete this 
provision) 
[⚫] 
 
 
 
[OR] 
 
 
 
[Automatic Early 
Redemption 
Determination 
Date]/[Barrier 
Observation 
Date]/[Barrier 
Observation 
Period] 
Averaging Dates 
 
[⚫]  
(repeat 
as 
required) 
[⚫] 
(repeat as required) 
 
• 
Averaging 
Date 
Disruption: 
(For Equity-Linked Securities 
or Futures-Contract Linked 
[Omission]/[Postponement]/[Modified Postponement]

--- Page 775 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
775 
 
Securities 
only, 
specify 
if 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Globally 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Globally 
Capped 
Average Value is selected, 
otherwise (and if not an Equity-
Linked Security or a Futures 
Contract-Linked 
Security) 
delete this provision) 
 
• 
Value 
Observation 
Dates 
in 
respect of the 
relevant date 
or period: 
(specify 
if 
Max 
Lookback 
Value/Min 
Lookback 
Value/Floored Max Lookback 
Value/Floored Min Lookback 
Value/Capped Max Lookback 
Value/Capped Min Lookback 
Value is selected, otherwise 
delete this provision) 
[⚫]/[Each [Common ]Scheduled Trading Day beginning 
on (and including) [date] and ending on (but excluding) 
[date]] [subject to adjustment in accordance with 
[Condition 9.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates and 
Averaging 
Dates)]289/[Condition 
13.1 
(Market 
Disruption, 
Reference 
Dates 
and 
Averaging 
Dates)]290/[Condition 15.1 (Market Disruption, Reference 
Dates and Averaging Dates)]291] 
 
 
 
[OR] 
 
 
 
[Automatic Early 
Redemption 
Determination 
Date]/[Barrier 
Observation 
Date]/[Barrier 
Observation 
Period] 
Value Observation Dates 
 
[⚫] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[⚫]/[Each [Common ]Scheduled 
Trading Day beginning on (and 
including) [date] and ending on 
(but excluding) [date]] [subject to 
adjustment in accordance with 
[Condition 9.1 (Market Disruption, 
Reference Dates and Averaging 
Dates)]292/[Condition 13.1 (Market 
Disruption, Reference Dates and 
Averaging 
Dates)]293/[Condition 
15.1 
(Market 
Disruption, 
 
289 
Insert language where the Securities are Share Basket Securities, Index Basket Securities or ETF Basket Securities 
290 
Insert language where the Securities are Fund Basket Securities  
291 
Insert language where the Securities are Futures Contract Basket Securities  
292 
Insert language where the Securities are Share Basket Securities, Index Basket Securities or ETF Basket Securities 
293 
Insert language where the Securities are Fund Basket Securities

--- Page 776 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
776 
 
Reference Dates and Averaging 
Dates)]294]  
(repeat as required) 
 
• 
Floor Value: 
(specify 
if 
Floored 
Max 
Lookback Value/Floored Min 
Lookback 
Value/Individually 
Floored Average 
Value is 
selected, otherwise delete this 
provision)) 
[⚫] 
 
 
• 
Global Floor 
Value: 
(specify if Globally Floored 
Average Value is selected, 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
 
• 
Cap Value: 
(specify 
if 
Capped 
Max 
Lookback Value/Capped Min 
Lookback 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, otherwise delete this 
provision) 
[⚫] 
 
 
• 
Global 
Cap 
Value: 
(specify if Globally Capped 
Average Value is selected, 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
 
• 
Closing 
Value 
with 
Dividend 
Adjusted 
Performance: 
(specify if Strategy Price is 
selected, otherwise delete this 
provision) 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Strategy 
Calculation 
(Closing 
Value): 
(specify if Strategy Price is 
selected, otherwise delete this 
provision) 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Strategy 
Calculation 
(Opening 
Value): 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
294 
Insert language where the Securities are Futures Contract Basket Securities

--- Page 777 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
777 
 
(specify if Strategy Price is 
selected, otherwise delete this 
provision) 
 
• 
Strategy 
Calculation 
(Intraday 
Value): 
(specify if Strategy Price is 
selected, otherwise delete this 
provision) 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Relevant 
Underlying 
Currency: 
[•] 
 
 
(specify if Closing Value with 
Dividend 
Adjusted 
Performance 
is 
selected, 
otherwise delete this provision) 
 
 
 
• 
Dividend 
Screen Page: 
[•] 
 
 
(specify if Closing Value with 
Dividend 
Adjusted 
Performance 
is 
selected, 
otherwise delete this provision) 
 
 
 
• 
Pre-Defined 
Dividend: 
[•] 
 
 
(specify if Closing Value with 
Dividend 
Adjusted 
Performance 
is 
selected, 
otherwise delete this provision) 
 
 
 
• 
Observation 
Dates(t): 
(specify if Strategy Calculation 
(Closing Value) / Strategy 
Calculation (Opening Value) / 
Strategy Calculation (Intraday 
Value) is selected, otherwise 
delete this provision) 
[Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Determination 
Date]/[Barrier 
Observation 
Date]/[Barrier 
Observation Period] 
Observation Dates(t) 
[date] 
[[date][, [date]…. and 
[date]] (inclusive) and 
ending 
on 
[date] 
(excluded)] 
[…] 
[…] 
[date] 
[[date][, [date]…. and 
[date]] (inclusive) and 
ending 
on 
[date] 
(excluded)] 
 
 
• 
A: 
[Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Determination 
A

--- Page 778 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
778 
 
(specify if Strategy Calculation 
(Closing Value) / Strategy 
Calculation (Opening Value) / 
Strategy Calculation (Intraday 
Value) is selected, otherwise 
delete this provision) 
Date]/[Barrier 
Observation 
Date]/[Barrier 
Observation Period] 
[date] 
[•] 
[…] 
[…] 
[date] 
[•] 
 
• 
B: 
(specify if Strategy Calculation 
(Closing Value) / Strategy 
Calculation (Opening Value) / 
Strategy Calculation (Intraday 
Value) is selected, otherwise 
delete this provision) 
[Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Determination 
Date]/[Barrier 
Observation 
Date]/[Barrier 
Observation Period] 
B 
[date] 
[•] 
[…] 
[…] 
[date] 
[•] 
 
(B) 
Autocall 2: 
(Paragraph 2.2 of Section 2 of 
the Additional Conditions) 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
 
(i) 
Knock-in Value: 
[[Worst 
Performance]/[Best 
Performance]/[Selected 
Worst 
of 
Performance]/[Selected 
Best 
of 
Performance]/[Relevant Underlying Performance] is 
applicable]/[is the Relevant Underlying Value] [and "N" 
is equal to [⚫]] 
 
 
(ii) 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Event 
occurs if: 
the Knock-in Value [as of the relevant Automatic Early 
Redemption Determination Date]/[as of each Barrier 
Observation Date in respect of the relevant Automatic 
Early Redemption Determination Date]/[at any time 
during the Barrier Observation Period in respect of the 
relevant Automatic Early Redemption Determination 
Date] is [greater than]/[greater than or equal to]/[equal 
to]/[less than]/[less than or equal to] the Autocall Barrier 
Value in respect of such Automatic Early Redemption 
Determination Date. 
 
 
(iii) 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[⚫] 
 
 
(iv) 
Barrier 
Observation 
Date(s): 
[Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
[OR]

--- Page 779 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
779 
 
 
 
Automatic Early 
Redemption 
Determination 
Date 
Barrier Observation Dates 
 
[⚫]  
(repeat 
as 
required) 
[⚫]  
(repeat as required) 
 
(v) 
Barrier 
Observation 
Period: 
[Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
[OR] 
 
 
 
Automatic Early 
Redemption 
Determination 
Date 
Barrier Observation Period 
 
[⚫]  
(repeat as 
required) 
[Barrier Observation Date]/[From 
[and including]/[but excluding] 
[Barrier Observation Period Start 
Date] to [but excluding]/[and 
including] [Barrier Observation 
Period End Date]]/[Each 
[Common ]Scheduled Trading 
Day beginning on (and including) 
[⚫] and ending on (but excluding) 
[⚫]][subject to adjustment in 
accordance with [Condition 9.1 
(Market Disruption, Reference 
Dates and Averaging 
Dates)]295/[Condition 13.1 
(Market Disruption, Reference 
Dates and Averaging 
Dates)]296/[Condition 15.1 
(Market Disruption, Reference 
Dates and Averaging Dates)]297] 
(repeat as required) 
 
(vi) 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption Date(s): 
[[Scheduled Automatic Early Redemption Date [is]/[are]] 
[⚫]] 
 
 
(vii) 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption Specified 
Day(s): 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(if Not Applicable, delete the below) 
[⚫] 
[Business 
Day[s]]/[Clearing 
System 
Business 
Day[s]]/[calendar days]] 
 
 
(viii) 
Autocall 
Barrier 
Value: 
[⚫]/[[⚫] per cent. of the Initial Reference Value] 
 
 
295 
Insert language where the Securities are Share Basket Securities, Index Basket Securities or ETF Basket Securities 
296 
Insert language where the Securities are Fund Basket Securities  
297 
Insert language where the Securities are Futures Contract Basket Securities

--- Page 780 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
780 
 
 
 
[OR] 
 
 
 
Automatic Early 
Redemption 
Determination 
Date 
Autocall Barrier Value 
 
[⚫]  
(repeat 
as 
required) 
[⚫]/[[⚫] per cent. of the Initial 
Reference Value] 
(repeat as required) 
 
(ix) 
Specified 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
Specified Rate: 
[[⚫]/[100] per cent.]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
[OR] 
 
 
 
Automatic Early 
Redemption 
Determination 
Date 
Specified Rate 
 
[⚫] 
(repeat 
as 
required) 
[⚫] per cent. 
(repeat as required) 
 
(x) 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption Rate: 
[[⚫] per cent.]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
[OR] 
 
 
 
Automatic Early 
Redemption 
Determination 
Date 
Automatic Early Redemption 
Rate 
 
[⚫]  
(repeat 
as 
required) 
[⚫] per cent. 
(repeat as required) 
 
(xi) 
Reset Initial Reference 
Value: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(xii) 
Initial 
Reference 
Value: 
[⚫]/[Determined 
in 
accordance 
with 
the 
Value 
Determination Terms specified below]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
[OR] 
 
 
 
Basket 
Component 
Initial Reference Value

--- Page 781 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
781 
 
[⚫] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[⚫]/[Determined in accordance 
with the Value Determination 
Terms specified below] 
(repeat as required) 
 
 
 
 
 
• 
Initial 
Reference 
Value 
Determinatio
n Date(s): 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Reset Barrier 
Value: 
(specify 
if 
Reset 
Initial 
Reference Value is applicable 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫]/[[⚫] per cent of Relevant Underlying Value] 
 
 
• 
Reset Rate: 
(specify 
if 
Reset 
Initial 
Reference Value is applicable 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫]/[[⚫] per cent of Relevant Underlying Value] 
 
 
• 
Reset 
Observation 
Date: 
(specify 
if 
Reset 
Initial 
Reference Value is applicable 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
 
• 
Specified 
Percentage: 
[[⚫] per cent.]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(xiii) 
Value Determination 
Terms 
for 
Initial 
Reference Value as: 
 
(Section 
4 
of 
the 
Additional 
Conditions) 
[Not Applicable]/[Spot Value]/[Intraday Value]/[Opening 
Value]/[Closing 
Value]/[Commodity 
Specified 
Price]/[Max 
Lookback 
Value]/[Min 
Lookback 
Value]/[Floored Max Lookback Value]/[Floored Min 
Lookback 
Value]/[Capped 
Max 
Lookback 
Value]/[Capped 
Min 
Lookback 
Value]/[Average 
Value]/[Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value]/[Individually Capped Average Value]/[Globally 
Floored Average Value]/[Globally Capped Average 
Value] 
 
 
 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
 
• 
Initial 
Reference 
Value 
Determinatio
n Date(s): 
[⚫] 
 
 
• 
Reference 
Month: 
[⚫]

--- Page 782 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
782 
 
(specify 
if 
Securities 
are 
Inflation-Linked 
Securities 
otherwise delete this provision) 
 
• 
Basic Value 
Determinatio
n Terms: 
(specify 
if 
Max 
Lookback 
Value/Min 
Lookback 
Value/Floored Max Lookback 
Value/Floored Min Lookback 
Value/Capped Max Lookback 
Value/Capped Min Lookback 
Value/Average 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value/Globally 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Globally 
Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected otherwise delete this 
provision) 
[Spot Value]/[Intraday Value]/[Opening Value]/[Closing 
Value]/[Commodity Specified Price] 
 
 
• 
Averaging 
Dates 
in 
relation 
to 
Strike Date: 
(specify 
if 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Globally 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Globally 
Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, otherwise delete this 
provision) 
[⚫] 
 
 
• 
Averaging 
Date 
Disruption: 
(For Equity-Linked Securities 
or Futures-Contract Linked 
Securities 
only, 
specify 
if 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Globally 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Globally 
Capped 
Average Value is selected, 
otherwise (and if not an Equity-
Linked Security or a Futures 
Contract-Linked 
Security) 
delete this provision) 
[Omission]/[Postponement]/[Modified Postponement]

--- Page 783 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
783 
 
 
• 
Value 
Observation 
Dates 
in 
respect 
of 
Strike Date: 
(specify 
if 
Max 
Lookback 
Value/Min 
Lookback 
Value/Floored Max Lookback 
Value/Floored Min Lookback 
Value/Capped Max Lookback 
Value/Capped Min Lookback 
Value is selected, otherwise 
delete this provision) 
[⚫]/[Each [Common ]Scheduled Trading Day beginning 
on (and including) [date] and ending on (but excluding) 
[date]] [subject to adjustment in accordance with 
[Condition 9.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates and 
Averaging 
Dates)]298/[Condition 
13.1 
(Market 
Disruption, 
Reference 
Dates 
and 
Averaging 
Dates)]299/[Condition 15.1 (Market Disruption, Reference 
Dates and Averaging Dates)]300] 
 
 
• 
Floor Value: 
(specify 
if 
Floored 
Max 
Lookback Value/Floored Min 
Lookback 
Value/Individually 
Floored Average Value is 
selected, otherwise delete this 
provision)) 
[⚫] 
 
 
• 
Global Floor 
Value: 
(specify if Globally Floored 
Average Value is selected, 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
 
• 
Cap Value: 
(specify 
if 
Capped 
Max 
Lookback Value/Capped Min 
Lookback 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, otherwise delete this 
provision) 
[⚫] 
 
 
• 
Global 
Cap 
Value: 
(specify if Globally Capped 
Average Value is selected, 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
 
(xiv) 
Value Determination 
Terms 
for 
determining 
Final 
Reference 
Value 
(Autocall): 
[Not Applicable]/[Spot Value]/[Intraday Value]/[Opening 
Value]/[Closing 
Value]/[Commodity 
Specified 
Price]/[Max 
Lookback 
Value]/[Min 
Lookback 
Value]/[Floored Max Lookback Value]/[Floored Min 
Lookback 
Value]/[Capped 
Max 
Lookback 
Value]/[Capped 
Min 
Lookback 
Value]/[Average 
Value]/[Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value]/[Individually Capped Average Value]/[Globally 
 
 
298 
Insert language where the Securities are Share Basket Securities, Index Basket Securities or ETF Basket Securities 
299 
Insert language where the Securities are Fund Basket Securities  
300 
Insert language where the Securities are Futures Contract Basket Securities

--- Page 784 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
784 
 
Floored Average Value]/[Globally Capped Average 
Value] 
 
 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
 
• 
Reference 
Month: 
(specify 
if 
Securities 
are 
Inflation-Linked 
Securities 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
 
• 
Basic Value 
Determinatio
n Terms: 
(specify 
if 
Max 
Lookback 
Value/Min 
Lookback 
Value/Floored Max Lookback 
Value/Floored Min Lookback 
Value/Capped Max Lookback 
Value/Capped Min Lookback 
Value/Average 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value/Globally 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Globally 
Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected otherwise delete this 
provision) 
[Spot Value]/[Intraday Value]/[Opening Value]/[Closing 
Value]/[Commodity Specified Price] 
 
 
(xv) 
Averaging Dates in 
relation to Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Determination Date: 
(specify 
if 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Globally 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Globally 
Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, otherwise delete this 
provision) 
[⚫] 
 
 
 
[OR] 
 
 
 
Automatic Early 
Redemption 
Determination 
Date 
Averaging Dates 
 
[⚫]  
(repeat 
as 
required) 
[⚫]  
(repeat as required)

--- Page 785 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
785 
 
 
• 
Averaging 
Date 
Disruption: 
(For Equity-Linked Securities 
or Futures-Contract Linked 
Securities 
only, 
specify 
if 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Globally 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Globally 
Capped 
Average Value is selected, 
otherwise (and if not an Equity-
Linked Security or a Futures 
Contract-Linked 
Security) 
delete this provision) 
[Omission]/[Postponement]/[Modified Postponement] 
 
• 
Value 
Observation 
Dates 
in 
relation 
to 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Determinatio
n Date: 
(specify 
if 
Max 
Lookback 
Value/Min 
Lookback 
Value/Floored Max Lookback 
Value/Floored Min Lookback 
Value/Capped Max Lookback 
Value/Capped Min Lookback 
Value is selected, otherwise 
delete this provision) 
[⚫]/[Each [Common ]Scheduled Trading Day beginning 
on (and including) [date] and ending on (but excluding) 
[date]] [subject to adjustment in accordance with 
[Condition 9.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates and 
Averaging 
Dates)]301/[Condition 
13.1 
(Market 
Disruption, 
Reference 
Dates 
and 
Averaging 
Dates)]302/[Condition 15.1 (Market Disruption, Reference 
Dates and Averaging Dates)]303] 
 
 
 
[OR] 
 
 
 
Automatic Early 
Redemption 
Determination 
Date 
Value Observation Dates 
 
[⚫]  
(repeat 
as 
required) 
[⚫]/[Each [Common ]Scheduled 
Trading Day beginning on (and 
including) [date] and ending on 
(but excluding) [date]] [subject to 
adjustment in accordance with 
[Condition 9.1 (Market Disruption, 
Reference Dates and Averaging 
Dates)]304/[Condition 13.1 (Market 
Disruption, Reference Dates and 
 
301 
Insert language where the Securities are Share Basket Securities, Index Basket Securities or ETF Basket Securities 
302 
Insert language where the Securities are Fund Basket Securities  
303 
Insert language where the Securities are Futures Contract Basket Securities  
304 
Insert language where the Securities are Share Basket Securities, Index Basket Securities or ETF Basket Securities

--- Page 786 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
786 
 
Averaging Dates)]305 /[Condition 
15.1 
(Market 
Disruption, 
Reference Dates and Averaging 
Dates)]306]  
(repeat as required) 
 
• 
Floor Value: 
(specify 
if 
Floored 
Max 
Lookback Value/Floored Min 
Lookback 
Value/Individually 
Floored Average Value is 
selected, otherwise delete this 
provision)) 
[⚫] 
 
 
• 
Global Floor 
Value: 
(specify if Globally Floored 
Average Value is selected, 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
 
• 
Cap Value: 
(specify 
if 
Capped 
Max 
Lookback Value/Capped Min 
Lookback 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, otherwise delete this 
provision) 
[⚫] 
 
 
• 
Global 
Cap 
Value: 
(specify if Globally Capped 
Average Value is selected, 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
 
(xvi) 
Value Determination 
Terms for Relevant 
Underlying Value as 
of the relevant date or 
period: 
(Section 4 of the Additional 
Conditions) 
[Not Applicable]/[Spot Value]/[Intraday Value]/[Opening 
Value]/[Closing 
Value]/[Commodity 
Specified 
Price]/[Max 
Lookback 
Value]/[Min 
Lookback 
Value]/[Floored Max Lookback Value]/[Floored Min 
Lookback 
Value]/[Capped 
Max 
Lookback 
Value]/[Capped 
Min 
Lookback 
Value]/[Average 
Value]/[Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value]/[Individually Capped Average Value]/[Globally 
Floored Average Value]/[Globally Capped Average 
Value] 
 
 
 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
 
• 
Reference 
Month: 
[⚫] 
 
 
305 
Insert language where the Securities are Fund Basket Securities  
306 
Insert language where the Securities are Futures Contract Basket Securities

--- Page 787 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
787 
 
(specify 
if 
Securities 
are 
Inflation-Linked 
Securities 
otherwise delete this provision) 
 
• 
Basic Value 
Determinatio
n Terms: 
(specify 
if 
Max 
Lookback 
Value/Min 
Lookback 
Value/Floored Max Lookback 
Value/Floored Min Lookback 
Value/Capped Max Lookback 
Value/Capped Min Lookback 
Value/Average 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value/Globally 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Globally 
Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected otherwise delete this 
provision) 
[Spot Value]/[Intraday Value]/[Opening Value]/[Closing 
Value]/[Commodity Specified Price] 
 
 
• 
Averaging 
Dates 
in 
relation to the 
relevant date 
or period: 
(specify 
if 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Globally 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Globally 
Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, otherwise delete this 
provision) 
[⚫] 
 
 
 
[OR] 
 
 
 
[Automatic Early 
Redemption 
Determination 
Date]/[Barrier 
Observation 
Date]/[Barrier 
Observation 
Period] 
Averaging Dates 
 
[⚫] 
(repeat 
as 
required) 
[⚫]  
(repeat as required) 
 
• 
Averaging 
Date 
Disruption: 
(For Equity-Linked Securities 
or Futures-Contract Linked 
[Omission]/[Postponement]/[Modified Postponement]

--- Page 788 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
788 
 
Securities 
only, 
specify 
if 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Globally 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Globally 
Capped 
Average Value is selected, 
otherwise (and if not an Equity-
Linked Security or a Futures 
Contract-Linked 
Security) 
delete this provision) 
 
• 
Value 
Observation 
Dates 
in 
respect of the 
relevant date 
or period: 
(specify 
if 
Max 
Lookback 
Value/Min 
Lookback 
Value/Floored Max Lookback 
Value/Floored Min Lookback 
Value/Capped Max Lookback 
Value/Capped Min Lookback 
Value is selected, otherwise 
delete this provision) 
[⚫]/[Each [Common ]Scheduled Trading Day beginning 
on (and including) [date] and ending on (but excluding) 
[date]] [subject to adjustment in accordance with 
[Condition 9.1 (Market Disruption, Reference Dates and 
Averaging 
Dates)]307/[Condition 
13.1 
(Market 
Disruption, 
Reference 
Dates 
and 
Averaging 
Dates)]308/[Condition 15.1 (Market Disruption, Reference 
Dates and Averaging Dates)]309] 
 
 
 
[OR] 
 
 
 
[Automatic Early 
Redemption 
Determination 
Date]/[Barrier 
Observation 
Date]/[Barrier 
Observation 
Period] 
Value Observation Dates 
 
[⚫] 
(repeat 
as 
required) 
[⚫]/[Each [Common ]Scheduled 
Trading Day beginning on (and 
including) [date] and ending on 
(but excluding) [date]] [subject to 
adjustment in accordance with 
[Condition 9.1 (Market Disruption, 
Reference Dates and Averaging 
Dates)]310/[Condition 13.1 (Market 
Disruption, Reference Dates and 
Averaging 
Dates)]311/[Condition 
15.1 
(Market 
Disruption, 
 
307 
Insert language where the Securities are Share Basket Securities, Index Basket Securities or ETF Basket Securities 
308 
Insert language where the Securities are Fund Basket Securities  
309 
Insert language where the Securities are Futures Contract Basket Securities  
310 
Insert language where the Securities are Share Basket Securities, Index Basket Securities or ETF Basket Securities 
311 
Insert language where the Securities are Fund Basket Securities

--- Page 789 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
789 
 
Reference Dates and Averaging 
Dates)]312] 
(repeat as required) 
 
• 
Floor Value: 
(specify 
if 
Floored 
Max 
Lookback Value/Floored Min 
Lookback 
Value/Individually 
Floored Average Value is 
selected, otherwise delete this 
provision)) 
[⚫] 
 
 
• 
Global Floor 
Value: 
(specify if Globally Floored 
Average Value is selected, 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
 
• 
Cap Value: 
(specify 
if 
Capped 
Max 
Lookback Value/Capped Min 
Lookback 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, otherwise delete this 
provision) 
[⚫] 
 
 
• 
Global 
Cap 
Value: 
(specify if Globally Capped 
Average Value is selected, 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
(C) 
Autocall 3: 
(Paragraph 2.3 of Section 2 of 
the Additional Conditions) 
[Applicable] /[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Knock-in Value: 
[[Worst Performance]/[Best Performance]/[Selected Worst of 
Performance]/[Selected Best of Performance]/[Relevant 
Underlying Performance] is applicable]/[is the Relevant 
Underlying Value] [and "N" is equal to [⚫]] 
 
(ii) 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Event 
occurs if: 
the Knock-in Value [as of the relevant Automatic Early 
Redemption Determination Date]/[as of each Barrier 
Observation Date in respect of the relevant Automatic Early 
Redemption Determination Date]/[at any time during the 
Barrier Observation Period in respect of the relevant 
Automatic Early Redemption Determination Date] is [greater 
than]/[greater than or equal to]/[equal to]/[less than]/[less than 
or equal to] the Autocall Barrier Value in respect of such 
Automatic Early Redemption Determination Date. 
 
312 
Insert language where the Securities are Futures Contract Basket Securities

--- Page 790 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
790 
 
 
(iii) 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Determination Date(s): 
[⚫] 
 
(iv) 
Barrier 
Observation 
Date(s): 
[Not Applicable] 
 
 
[OR] 
 
 
Automatic Early 
Redemption 
Determination Date 
Barrier Observation Dates 
[⚫]  
(repeat as required) 
[⚫]  
(repeat as required) 
 
(v) 
Barrier 
Observation 
Period: 
[Not Applicable] 
 
 
[OR] 
 
 
Automatic Early 
Redemption 
Determination Date 
Barrier Observation Period 
[⚫]  
(repeat as required) 
[Barrier 
Observation 
Date]/[From 
[and 
including]/[but 
excluding] 
[Barrier Observation Period 
Start 
Date] 
to 
[but 
excluding]/[and 
including] 
[Barrier Observation Period 
End Date]]/[Each [Common 
]Scheduled 
Trading 
Day 
beginning on (and including) [
⚫] 
and 
ending 
on 
(but 
excluding) 
[⚫]][subject 
to 
adjustment in accordance with 
[Condition 
9.1 
(Market 
Disruption, Reference Dates 
and 
Averaging 
Dates)]313/[Condition 
13.1 
(Market Disruption, Reference 
Dates 
and 
Averaging 
Dates)]314/[Condition 
15.1 
(Market Disruption, Reference 
Dates 
and 
Averaging 
Dates)]315] 
(repeat as required) 
 
(vi) 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption Date(s): 
[[Scheduled Automatic Early Redemption Date [is]/[are]] [⚫
]] 
 
313 
Insert language where the Securities are Share Basket Securities, Index Basket Securities or ETF Basket Securities 
314 
Insert language where the Securities are Fund Basket Securities  
315 
Insert language where the Securities are Futures Contract Basket Securities

--- Page 791 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
791 
 
 
(vii) 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Specified 
Day(s): 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(if Not Applicable, delete the below) 
[⚫] 
[Business 
Day[s]]/[Clearing 
System 
Business 
Day[s]]/[calendar days]] 
 
(viii) Autocall Barrier Value: 
[⚫]/[[⚫] per cent. of the Initial Reference Value] 
 
 
[OR] 
 
 
Automatic Early 
Redemption 
Determination Date 
Autocall Barrier Value 
[⚫]  
(repeat as required) 
[⚫]/[[⚫] per cent. of the Initial 
Reference Value] 
(repeat as required) 
 
(ix) 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption Rate: 
[[⚫] per cent.]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
[OR] 
 
 
Automatic Early 
Redemption 
Determination Date 
Automatic Early 
Redemption Rate 
[⚫] 
(repeat as required) 
[⚫] per cent. 
(repeat as required) 
 
(x) 
Specified Rate: 
[[⚫]/[100] per cent.]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
[OR] 
 
 
Automatic Early 
Redemption 
Determination Date 
Specified Rate 
[⚫] 
(repeat as required) 
[⚫] per cent. 
(repeat as required) 
 
(xi) 
Reset Initial Reference 
Value: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(xii) 
Initial Reference Value: 
[⚫]/[Determined in accordance with the Value Determination 
Terms specified below]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
[OR] 
 
 
Basket Component 
Initial Reference Value 
[⚫] 
(repeat as required) 
[⚫]/[Determined 
in 
accordance with the Value 
Determination 
Terms 
specified below] 
(repeat as required)

--- Page 792 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
792 
 
 
• 
Initial 
Reference 
Value 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Reset Barrier 
Value: 
(specify 
if 
Reset 
Initial 
Reference Value is applicable 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫]/[[⚫] per cent of Relevant Underlying Value] 
 
• 
Reset Rate: 
(specify 
if 
Reset 
Initial 
Reference Value is applicable 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫]/[[⚫] per cent of Relevant Underlying Value] 
 
• 
Reset 
Observation 
Date: 
(specify 
if 
Reset 
Initial 
Reference Value is applicable 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
• 
Specified 
Percentage: 
[[⚫] per cent.]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xiii) Value 
Determination 
Terms 
for 
Initial 
Reference Value as of 
[Strike 
Date][Initial 
Reference 
Value 
Determination Date]: 
(Section 4 of the Additional 
Conditions) 
[Not Applicable]/[Spot Value]/[Intraday Value]/[Opening 
Value]/[Closing Value]/[Commodity Specified Price]/[Max 
Lookback Value]/[Min Lookback Value]/[Floored Max 
Lookback Value]/[Floored Min Lookback Value]/[Capped 
Max 
Lookback 
Value]/[Capped 
Min 
Lookback 
Value]/[Average Value]/[Individually Floored Average 
Value]/[Individually Capped Average Value]/[Globally 
Floored Average Value]/[Globally Capped Average Value] 
 
 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
• 
Initial 
Reference 
Value 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[⚫] 
 
• 
Reference 
Month: 
(specify 
if 
Securities 
are 
Inflation-Linked 
Securities 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫]

--- Page 793 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
793 
 
 
• 
Basic 
Value 
Determination 
Terms: 
(specify 
if 
Max 
Lookback 
Value/Min 
Lookback 
Value/Floored Max Lookback 
Value/Floored Min Lookback 
Value/Capped Max Lookback 
Value/Capped Min Lookback 
Value/Average 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Capped Average Value/Globally 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Globally Capped Average 
Value is selected otherwise 
delete this provision) 
[Spot Value]/[Intraday Value]/[Opening Value]/[Closing 
Value]/[Commodity Specified Price] 
 
• 
Averaging 
Dates 
in 
relation 
to 
Strike Date: 
(specify 
if 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Globally 
Floored 
Average Value/Globally Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
• 
Averaging 
Date 
Disruption: 
(For Equity-Linked Securities or 
Futures-Contract 
Linked 
Securities or Futures-Contract 
Linked Securities only, specify if 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Globally 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Globally Capped Average 
Value is selected, otherwise (and 
if not an Equity-Linked Security 
or a Futures Contract-Linked 
Security or a Futures Contract-
Linked Security) delete this 
provision) 
[Omission]/[Postponement]/[Modified Postponement] 
 
• 
Value 
Observation 
Dates 
in 
respect 
of 
Strike Date: 
[⚫]/[Each [Common ]Scheduled Trading Day beginning on 
(and including) [date] and ending on (but excluding) [date]] 
[subject to adjustment in accordance with [Condition 9.1 
(Market Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging

--- Page 794 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
794 
 
(specify 
if 
Max 
Lookback 
Value/Min 
Lookback 
Value/Floored Max Lookback 
Value/Floored Min Lookback 
Value/Capped Max Lookback 
Value/Capped Min Lookback 
Value is selected, otherwise 
delete this provision) 
Dates)]316/[Condition 13.1 (Market Disruption, Reference 
Dates and Averaging Dates)]317/[Condition 15.1 (Market 
Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging Dates)]318] 
 
• 
Floor Value: 
(specify 
if 
Floored 
Max 
Lookback Value/Floored Min 
Lookback 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, otherwise delete this 
provision)) 
[⚫] 
 
• 
Global Floor 
Value: 
(specify if Globally Floored 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
• 
Cap Value: 
(specify 
if 
Capped 
Max 
Lookback Value/Capped Min 
Lookback 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, otherwise delete this 
provision) 
[⚫] 
 
• 
Global 
Cap 
Value: 
(specify if Globally Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
(xiv) 
Value 
Determination 
Terms for determining 
Final Reference Value 
(Autocall): 
[Not Applicable]/[Spot Value]/[Intraday Value]/[Opening 
Value]/[Closing Value]/[Commodity Specified Price]/[Max 
Lookback Value]/[Min Lookback Value]/[Floored Max 
Lookback Value]/[Floored Min Lookback Value]/[Capped 
Max 
Lookback 
Value]/[Capped 
Min 
Lookback 
Value]/[Average Value]/[Individually Floored Average 
Value]/[Individually Capped Average Value]/[Globally 
Floored Average Value]/[Globally Capped Average Value] 
 
 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
• 
Reference 
Month: 
[⚫] 
 
316 
Insert language where the Securities are Share Basket Securities, Index Basket Securities or ETF Basket Securities 
317 
Insert language where the Securities are Fund Basket Securities  
318 
Insert language where the Securities are Futures Contract Basket Securities

--- Page 795 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
795 
 
(specify 
if 
Securities 
are 
Inflation-Linked 
Securities 
otherwise delete this provision) 
 
• 
Basic 
Value 
Determination 
Terms: 
(specify 
if 
Max 
Lookback 
Value/Min 
Lookback 
Value/Floored Max Lookback 
Value/Floored Min Lookback 
Value/Capped Max Lookback 
Value/Capped Min Lookback 
Value/Average 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Capped Average Value/Globally 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Globally Capped Average 
Value is selected otherwise 
delete this provision) 
[Spot Value]/[Intraday Value]/[Opening Value]/[Closing 
Value]/[Commodity Specified Price] 
 
• 
Averaging 
Dates 
in 
relation 
to 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Determination 
Date: 
(specify 
if 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Globally 
Floored 
Average Value/Globally Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
 
[OR] 
 
 
Automatic Early 
Redemption 
Determination Date 
Averaging Dates 
[⚫] 
(repeat as required) 
[⚫] 
(repeat as required) 
 
• 
Averaging 
Date 
Disruption: 
(For Equity-Linked Securities or 
Futures-Contract 
Linked 
Securities 
only, 
specify 
if 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Globally 
[Omission]/[Postponement]/[Modified Postponement]

--- Page 796 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
796 
 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Globally Capped Average 
Value is selected, otherwise (and 
if not an Equity-Linked Security 
or a Futures Contract-Linked 
Security) delete this provision) 
 
• 
Value 
Observation 
Dates 
in 
relation 
to 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Determination 
Date: 
(specify 
if 
Max 
Lookback 
Value/Min 
Lookback 
Value/Floored Max Lookback 
Value/Floored Min Lookback 
Value/Capped Max Lookback 
Value/Capped Min Lookback 
Value is selected, otherwise 
delete this provision) 
[⚫]/[Each [Common ]Scheduled Trading Day beginning on 
(and including) [date] and ending on (but excluding) [date]] 
[subject to adjustment in accordance with [Condition 9.1 
(Market Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging 
Dates)]319/[Condition 13.1 (Market Disruption, Reference 
Dates and Averaging Dates)]320/[Condition 15.1 (Market 
Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging Dates)]321] 
 
 
[OR] 
 
 
Automatic Early 
Redemption 
Determination Date 
Value Observation Dates 
[⚫] 
(repeat as required) 
[⚫]/[Each 
[Common 
]Scheduled 
Trading 
Day 
beginning on (and including) 
[date] and ending on (but 
excluding) [date]] [subject to 
adjustment in accordance with 
[Condition 
9.1 
(Market 
Disruption, Reference Dates 
and 
Averaging 
Dates)]322/[Condition 
13.1 
(Market Disruption, Reference 
Dates 
and 
Averaging 
Dates)]323/[Condition 
15.1 
(Market Disruption, Reference 
Dates 
and 
Averaging 
Dates)]324] 
(repeat as required) 
 
319 
Insert language where the Securities are Share Basket Securities, Index Basket Securities or ETF Basket Securities 
320 
Insert language where the Securities are Fund Basket Securities  
321 
Insert language where the Securities are Futures Contract Basket Securities  
322 
Insert language where the Securities are Share Basket Securities, Index Basket Securities or ETF Basket Securities 
323 
Insert language where the Securities are Fund Basket Securities  
324 
Insert language where the Securities are Futures Contract Basket Securities

--- Page 797 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
797 
 
 
• 
Floor Value: 
(specify 
if 
Floored 
Max 
Lookback Value/Floored Min 
Lookback 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, otherwise delete this 
provision)) 
[⚫] 
 
• 
Global Floor 
Value: 
(specify if Globally Floored 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
• 
Cap Value: 
(specify 
if 
Capped 
Max 
Lookback Value/Capped Min 
Lookback 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, otherwise delete this 
provision) 
[⚫] 
 
• 
Global 
Cap 
Value: 
(specify if Globally Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
(xv) 
Value 
Determination 
Terms 
for 
Relevant 
Underlying Value as of 
the 
relevant 
date 
or 
period: 
(Section 4 of the Additional 
Conditions) 
[Not Applicable]/[Spot Value]/[Intraday Value]/[Opening 
Value]/[Closing Value]/[Commodity Specified Price]/[Max 
Lookback Value]/[Min Lookback Value]/[Floored Max 
Lookback Value]/[Floored Min Lookback Value]/[Capped 
Max 
Lookback 
Value]/[Capped 
Min 
Lookback 
Value]/[Average Value]/[Individually Floored Average 
Value]/[Individually Capped Average Value]/[Globally 
Floored Average Value]/[Globally Capped Average Value] 
 
 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
• 
Reference 
Month: 
(specify 
if 
Securities 
are 
Inflation-Linked 
Securities 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫]

--- Page 798 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
798 
 
 
• 
Basic 
Value 
Determination 
Terms: 
(specify 
if 
Max 
Lookback 
Value/Min 
Lookback 
Value/Floored Max Lookback 
Value/Floored Min Lookback 
Value/Capped Max Lookback 
Value/Capped Min Lookback 
Value/Average 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Capped Average Value/Globally 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Globally Capped Average 
Value is selected otherwise 
delete this provision) 
[Spot Value]/[Intraday Value]/[Opening Value]/[Closing 
Value]/[Commodity Specified Price] 
 
• 
Averaging 
Dates 
in 
relation to the 
relevant date 
or period: 
(specify 
if 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Globally 
Floored 
Average Value/Globally Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
 
[OR] 
 
 
[Automatic Early 
Redemption 
Determination 
Date]/[Barrier 
Observation 
Date]/[Barrier 
Observation Period] 
Averaging Dates 
[⚫] 
(repeat as required) 
[⚫] 
(repeat as required) 
 
• 
Averaging 
Date 
Disruption: 
(For Equity-Linked Securities or 
Futures-Contract 
Linked 
Securities 
only, 
specify 
if 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Globally 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Globally Capped Average 
[Omission]/[Postponement]/[Modified Postponement]

--- Page 799 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
799 
 
Value is selected, otherwise (and 
if not an Equity-Linked Security 
or a Futures Contract-Linked 
Security) delete this provision) 
 
• 
Value 
Observation 
Dates 
in 
respect of the 
relevant date 
or period: 
(specify 
if 
Max 
Lookback 
Value/Min 
Lookback 
Value/Floored Max Lookback 
Value/Floored Min Lookback 
Value/Capped Max Lookback 
Value/Capped Min Lookback 
Value is selected, otherwise 
delete this provision) 
[⚫]/[Each [Common ]Scheduled Trading Day beginning on 
(and including) [date] and ending on (but excluding) [date]] 
[subject to adjustment in accordance with [Condition 9.1 
(Market Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging 
Dates)]325/[Condition 13.1 (Market Disruption, Reference 
Dates and Averaging Dates)]326/[Condition 15.1 (Market 
Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging Dates)]327] 
 
 
[OR] 
 
 
[Automatic Early 
Redemption 
Determination 
Date]/[Barrier 
Observation 
Date]/[Barrier 
Observation Period] 
Value Observation Dates 
[⚫] 
(repeat as required) 
[⚫]/[Each 
[Common 
]Scheduled 
Trading 
Day 
beginning on (and including) 
[date] and ending on (but 
excluding) [date]] [subject to 
adjustment in accordance with 
[Condition 
9.1 
(Market 
Disruption, Reference Dates 
and 
Averaging 
Dates)]328/[Condition 
13.1 
(Market Disruption, Reference 
Dates 
and 
Averaging 
Dates)]329/[Condition 
15.1 
(Market Disruption, Reference 
Dates 
and 
Averaging 
Dates)]330] 
(repeat as required) 
 
• 
Floor Value: 
[⚫] 
 
325 
Insert language where the Securities are Share Basket Securities, Index Basket Securities or ETF Basket Securities 
326 
Insert language where the Securities are Fund Basket Securities  
327 
Insert language where the Securities are Futures Contract Basket Securities  
328 
Insert language where the Securities are Share Basket Securities, Index Basket Securities or ETF Basket Securities 
329 
Insert language where the Securities are Fund Basket Securities  
330 
Insert language where the Securities are Futures Contract Basket Securities

--- Page 800 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
800 
 
(specify 
if 
Floored 
Max 
Lookback Value/Floored Min 
Lookback 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, otherwise delete this 
provision)) 
 
• 
Global Floor 
Value: 
(specify if Globally Floored 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
• 
Cap Value: 
(specify 
if 
Capped 
Max 
Lookback Value/Capped Min 
Lookback 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, otherwise delete this 
provision) 
[⚫] 
 
• 
Global 
Cap 
Value: 
(specify if Globally Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
(D) 
Autocall 4: 
(Paragraph 2.4 of Section 2 of 
the Additional Conditions) 
[Applicable/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Knock-in Value: 
[[Worst Performance]/[Best Performance]/[Selected Worst of 
Performance]/[Selected Best of Performance]/[Relevant 
Underlying Performance] is applicable]/[is the Relevant 
Underlying Value] [and "N" is equal to [⚫]] 
 
(ii) 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Determination Date(s): 
[⚫] 
 
(iii) 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption Date(s): 
[[Scheduled Automatic Early Redemption Date [is]/[are]] [⚫
]] 
 
(iv) 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Specified 
Day(s): 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(if Not Applicable, delete the below) 
[⚫] 
[Business 
Day[s]]/[Clearing 
System 
Business 
Day[s]]/[calendar days]] 
 
(v) 
Autocall Barrier Value: 
[⚫]/[[⚫] per cent. of the Initial Reference Value] 
 
 
[OR]

--- Page 801 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
801 
 
 
 
Automatic Early 
Redemption 
Determination Date 
Autocall Barrier Value 
[⚫]  
(repeat as required) 
[⚫]/[[⚫] per cent. of the Initial 
Reference Value] 
(repeat as required) 
 
(vi) 
Specified Rate: 
[[⚫]/[100] per cent.]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
[OR] 
 
 
Automatic Early 
Redemption 
Determination Date 
Specified Rate 
[⚫] 
(repeat as required) 
[⚫] per cent. 
(repeat as required) 
 
(vii) 
Reset Initial Reference 
Value: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(viii) Initial Reference Value: 
[⚫]/[Determined in accordance with the Value Determination 
Terms specified below]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
[OR] 
 
 
Basket Component 
Initial Reference Value 
[⚫] 
(repeat as required) 
[⚫]/[Determined 
in 
accordance with the Value 
Determination 
Terms 
specified below] 
(repeat as required) 
 
 
 
 
• 
Initial 
Reference 
Value 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Reset Barrier 
Value: 
(specify 
if 
Reset 
Initial 
Reference Value is applicable 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫]/[[⚫] per cent of Relevant Underlying Value] 
 
• 
Reset Rate: 
(specify 
if 
Reset 
Initial 
Reference Value is applicable 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫]/[[⚫] per cent of Relevant Underlying Value]

--- Page 802 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
802 
 
 
• 
Reset 
Observation 
Date: 
(specify 
if 
Reset 
Initial 
Reference Value is applicable 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
• 
Specified 
Percentage: 
[[⚫] per cent.]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Value 
Determination 
Terms 
for 
Initial 
Reference Value as of 
[Strike 
Date][Initial 
Reference 
Value 
Determination Date]: 
(Section 4 of the Additional 
Conditions) 
[Not Applicable]/[Spot Value]/[Intraday Value]/[Opening 
Value]/[Closing Value]/[Commodity Specified Price]/[Max 
Lookback Value]/[Min Lookback Value]/[Floored Max 
Lookback Value]/[Floored Min Lookback Value]/[Capped 
Max 
Lookback 
Value]/[Capped 
Min 
Lookback 
Value]/[Average Value]/[Individually Floored Average 
Value]/[Individually Capped Average Value]/[Globally 
Floored Average Value]/[Globally Capped Average Value] 
 
 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
• 
Initial 
Reference 
Value 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[⚫] 
 
• 
Reference 
Month: 
(specify 
if 
Securities 
are 
Inflation-Linked 
Securities 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
• 
Basic 
Value 
Determination 
Terms: 
(specify 
if 
Max 
Lookback 
Value/Min 
Lookback 
Value/Floored Max Lookback 
Value/Floored Min Lookback 
Value/Capped Max Lookback 
Value/Capped Min Lookback 
Value/Average 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Capped Average Value/Globally 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Globally Capped Average 
Value is selected otherwise 
delete this provision) 
[Spot Value]/[Intraday Value]/[Opening Value]/[Closing 
Value]/[Commodity Specified Price] 
 
• 
Averaging 
Dates 
in 
relation 
to 
Strike Date: 
[⚫]

--- Page 803 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
803 
 
(specify 
if 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Globally 
Floored 
Average Value/Globally Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, 
otherwise delete this provision) 
 
• 
Averaging 
Date 
Disruption: 
(For Equity-Linked Securities or 
Futures-Contract 
Linked 
Securities 
only, 
specify 
if 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Globally 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Globally Capped Average 
Value is selected, otherwise (and 
if not an Equity-Linked Security 
or a Futures Contract-Linked 
Security) delete this provision) 
[Omission]/[Postponement]/[Modified Postponement] 
 
• 
Value 
Observation 
Dates 
in 
respect 
of 
Strike Date: 
(specify 
if 
Max 
Lookback 
Value/Min 
Lookback 
Value/Floored Max Lookback 
Value/Floored Min Lookback 
Value/Capped Max Lookback 
Value/Capped Min Lookback 
Value is selected, otherwise 
delete this provision) 
[⚫]/[Each [Common ]Scheduled Trading Day beginning on 
(and including) [date] and ending on (but excluding) [date]] 
[subject to adjustment in accordance with [Condition 9.1 
(Market Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging 
Dates)]331/[Condition 13.1 (Market Disruption, Reference 
Dates and Averaging Dates)]332/[Condition 15.1 (Market 
Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging Dates)]333] 
 
• 
Floor Value: 
(specify 
if 
Floored 
Max 
Lookback Value/Floored Min 
Lookback 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, otherwise delete this 
provision)) 
[⚫] 
 
• 
Global Floor 
Value: 
[⚫] 
 
331 
Insert language where the Securities are Share Basket Securities, Index Basket Securities or ETF Basket Securities 
332 
Insert language where the Securities are Fund Basket Securities  
333 
Insert language where the Securities are Futures Contract Basket Securities

--- Page 804 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
804 
 
(specify if Globally Floored 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, 
otherwise delete this provision) 
 
• 
Cap Value: 
(specify 
if 
Capped 
Max 
Lookback Value/Capped Min 
Lookback 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, otherwise delete this 
provision) 
[⚫] 
 
• 
Global 
Cap 
Value: 
(specify if Globally Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
(x) 
Value 
Determination 
Terms for determining 
Final Reference Value 
(Autocall): 
[Not Applicable]/[Spot Value]/[Intraday Value]/[Opening 
Value]/[Closing Value]/[Commodity Specified Price]/[Max 
Lookback Value]/[Min Lookback Value]/[Floored Max 
Lookback Value]/[Floored Min Lookback Value]/[Capped 
Max 
Lookback 
Value]/[Capped 
Min 
Lookback 
Value]/[Average Value]/[Individually Floored Average 
Value]/[Individually Capped Average Value]/[Globally 
Floored Average Value]/[Globally Capped Average Value] 
 
 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
• 
Reference 
Month: 
(specify 
if 
Securities 
are 
Inflation-Linked 
Securities 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
• 
Basic 
Value 
Determination 
Terms: 
(specify 
if 
Max 
Lookback 
Value/Min 
Lookback 
Value/Floored Max Lookback 
Value/Floored Min Lookback 
Value/Capped Max Lookback 
Value/Capped Min Lookback 
Value/Average 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Capped Average Value/Globally 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Globally Capped Average 
Value is selected otherwise 
delete this provision) 
[Spot Value]/[Intraday Value]/[Opening Value]/[Closing 
Value]/[Commodity Specified Price] 
 
• 
Averaging 
Dates 
in 
relation 
to 
[⚫]

--- Page 805 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
805 
 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Determination 
Date: 
(specify 
if 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Globally 
Floored 
Average Value/Globally Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, 
otherwise delete this provision) 
 
 
[OR] 
 
 
Automatic Early 
Redemption 
Determination Date 
Averaging Dates 
[⚫] 
(repeat as required) 
[⚫] 
(repeat as required) 
 
• 
Averaging 
Date 
Disruption: 
(For Equity-Linked Securities or 
Futures-Contract 
Linked 
Securities 
only, 
specify 
if 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Globally 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Globally Capped Average 
Value is selected, otherwise (and 
if not an Equity-Linked Security 
or a Futures Contract-Linked 
Security) delete this provision) 
[Omission]/[Postponement]/[Modified Postponement] 
 
• 
Value 
Observation 
Dates 
in 
relation 
to 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Determination 
Date: 
(specify 
if 
Max 
Lookback 
Value/Min 
Lookback 
Value/Floored Max Lookback 
Value/Floored Min Lookback 
[⚫]/[Each [Common ]Scheduled Trading Day beginning on 
(and including) [date] and ending on (but excluding) [date]] 
[subject to adjustment in accordance with [Condition 9.1 
(Market Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging 
Dates)]334/[Condition 13.1 (Market Disruption, Reference 
Dates and Averaging Dates)]335/[Condition 15.1 (Market 
Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging Dates)]336] 
 
334 
Insert language where the Securities are Share Basket Securities, Index Basket Securities or ETF Basket Securities 
335 
Insert language where the Securities are Fund Basket Securities  
336 
Insert language where the Securities are Futures Contract Basket Securities

--- Page 806 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
806 
 
Value/Capped Max Lookback 
Value/Capped Min Lookback 
Value is selected, otherwise 
delete this provision) 
 
 
[OR] 
 
 
Automatic Early 
Redemption 
Determination Date 
Value Observation Dates 
[⚫] 
(repeat as required) 
[⚫]/[Each 
[Common 
]Scheduled 
Trading 
Day 
beginning on (and including) 
[date] and ending on (but 
excluding) [date]] [subject to 
adjustment in accordance with 
[Condition 
9.1 
(Market 
Disruption, Reference Dates 
and 
Averaging 
Dates)]337/[Condition 
13.1 
(Market Disruption, Reference 
Dates 
and 
Averaging 
Dates)]338/[Condition 
15.1 
(Market Disruption, Reference 
Dates 
and 
Averaging 
Dates)]339] 
(repeat as required) 
 
• 
Floor Value: 
(specify 
if 
Floored 
Max 
Lookback Value/Floored Min 
Lookback 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, otherwise delete this 
provision)) 
[⚫] 
 
• 
Global Floor 
Value: 
(specify if Globally Floored 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
• 
Cap Value: 
(specify 
if 
Capped 
Max 
Lookback Value/Capped Min 
Lookback 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, otherwise delete this 
provision) 
[⚫] 
 
337 
Insert language where the Securities are Share Basket Securities, Index Basket Securities or ETF Basket Securities 
338 
Insert language where the Securities are Fund Basket Securities  
339 
Insert language where the Securities are Futures Contract Basket Securities

--- Page 807 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
807 
 
 
• 
Global 
Cap 
Value: 
(specify if Globally Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
(xi) 
Value 
Determination 
Terms 
for 
Relevant 
Underlying Value as of 
the 
relevant 
date 
or 
period: 
(Section 4 of the Additional 
Conditions) 
[Not Applicable]/[Spot Value]/[Intraday Value]/[Opening 
Value]/[Closing Value]/[Commodity Specified Price]/[Max 
Lookback Value]/[Min Lookback Value]/[Floored Max 
Lookback Value]/[Floored Min Lookback Value]/[Capped 
Max 
Lookback 
Value]/[Capped 
Min 
Lookback 
Value]/[Average 
Value]/[Individually Floored Average 
Value]/[Individually Capped Average Value]/[Globally 
Floored Average Value]/[Globally Capped Average Value] 
 
 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
• 
Reference 
Month: 
(specify 
if 
Securities 
are 
Inflation-Linked 
Securities 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
• 
Basic 
Value 
Determination 
Terms: 
(specify 
if 
Max 
Lookback 
Value/Min 
Lookback 
Value/Floored Max Lookback 
Value/Floored Min Lookback 
Value/Capped Max Lookback 
Value/Capped Min Lookback 
Value/Average 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Capped Average Value/Globally 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Globally Capped Average 
Value is selected otherwise 
delete this provision) 
[Spot Value]/[Intraday Value]/[Opening Value]/[Closing 
Value]/[Commodity Specified Price] 
 
• 
Averaging 
Dates 
in 
relation to the 
relevant date 
or period: 
(specify 
if 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Globally 
Floored 
Average Value/Globally Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
 
[OR]

--- Page 808 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
808 
 
 
 
[Automatic Early 
Redemption 
Determination Date] 
Averaging Dates 
[⚫] 
(repeat as required) 
[⚫] 
(repeat as required) 
 
• 
Averaging 
Date 
Disruption: 
(For Equity-Linked Securities or 
Futures-Contract 
Linked 
Securities 
only, 
specify 
if 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Globally 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Globally Capped Average 
Value is selected, otherwise (and 
if not an Equity-Linked Security 
or a Futures Contract-Linked 
Security) delete this provision) 
[Omission]/[Postponement]/[Modified Postponement] 
 
• 
Value 
Observation 
Dates 
in 
respect of the 
relevant date 
or period: 
(specify 
if 
Max 
Lookback 
Value/Min 
Lookback 
Value/Floored Max Lookback 
Value/Floored Min Lookback 
Value/Capped Max Lookback 
Value/Capped Min Lookback 
Value is selected, otherwise 
delete this provision) 
[⚫]/[Each [Common ]Scheduled Trading Day beginning on 
(and including) [date] and ending on (but excluding) [date]] 
[subject to adjustment in accordance with [Condition 9.1 
(Market Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging 
Dates)]340/[Condition 13.1 (Market Disruption, Reference 
Dates and Averaging Dates)]341/[Condition 15.1 (Market 
Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging Dates)]342] 
 
 
[OR] 
 
 
[Automatic Early 
Redemption 
Determination Date] 
Value Observation Dates 
[⚫] 
(repeat as required) 
[⚫]/[Each 
[Common 
]Scheduled 
Trading 
Day 
beginning on (and including) 
[date] and ending on (but 
excluding) [date]] [subject to 
adjustment in accordance with 
[Condition 
9.1 
(Market 
Disruption, Reference Dates 
 
340 
Insert language where the Securities are Share Basket Securities, Index Basket Securities or ETF Basket Securities 
341 
Insert language where the Securities are Fund Basket Securities  
342 
Insert language where the Securities are Futures Contract Basket Securities

--- Page 809 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
809 
 
and 
Averaging 
Dates)]343/[Condition 
13.1 
(Market Disruption, Reference 
Dates 
and 
Averaging 
Dates)]344/[Condition 
15.1 
(Market Disruption, Reference 
Dates 
and 
Averaging 
Dates)]345] 
(repeat as required) 
 
• 
Floor Value: 
(specify 
if 
Floored 
Max 
Lookback Value/Floored Min 
Lookback 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, otherwise delete this 
provision)) 
[⚫] 
 
• 
Global Floor 
Value: 
(specify if Globally Floored 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
• 
Cap Value: 
(specify 
if 
Capped 
Max 
Lookback Value/Capped Min 
Lookback 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, otherwise delete this 
provision) 
[⚫] 
 
• 
Global 
Cap 
Value: 
(specify if Globally Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
(E) 
Autocall 5: 
(Paragraph 2.5 of Section 2 of 
the Additional Conditions) 
[Applicable/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Knock-in Value: 
[[Worst Performance]/[Best Performance]/[Selected Worst of 
Performance]/[Selected Best of Performance]/[Relevant 
Underlying Performance] is applicable]/[is the Relevant 
Underlying Value] [and "N" is equal to [⚫]] 
 
343 
Insert language where the Securities are Share Basket Securities, Index Basket Securities or ETF Basket Securities 
344 
Insert language where the Securities are Fund Basket Securities  
345 
Insert language where the Securities are Futures Contract Basket Securities

--- Page 810 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
810 
 
 
(ii) 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Determination Date(s): 
[⚫] 
 
(iii) 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption Date(s): 
[[Scheduled Automatic Early Redemption Date [is]/[are]] [⚫
]] 
 
(iv) 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Specified 
Day(s): 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(if Not Applicable, delete the below) 
[⚫] 
[Business 
Day[s]]/[Clearing 
System 
Business 
Day[s]]/[calendar days]] 
 
(v) 
Autocall Barrier Value: 
[⚫]/[[⚫] per cent. of the Initial Reference Value] 
 
 
[OR] 
 
 
Automatic Early 
Redemption 
Determination Date 
Autocall Barrier Value 
[⚫]  
(repeat as required) 
[⚫]/[[⚫] per cent. of the Initial 
Reference Value] 
(repeat as required) 
 
(vi) 
Call Strike: 
[⚫] per cent. 
 
(vii) 
Reset Initial Reference 
Value: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(viii) Initial Reference Value: 
[⚫]/[Determined in accordance with the Value Determination 
Terms specified below]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
[OR] 
 
 
Basket Component 
Initial Reference Value 
[⚫] 
(repeat as required) 
[⚫]/[Determined 
in 
accordance with the Value 
Determination 
Terms 
specified below] 
(repeat as required) 
 
 
 
 
• 
Initial 
Reference 
Value 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Reset Barrier 
Value: 
(specify 
if 
Reset 
Initial 
Reference Value is applicable 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫]/[[⚫] per cent of Relevant Underlying Value]

--- Page 811 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
811 
 
 
• 
Reset Rate: 
(specify 
if 
Reset 
Initial 
Reference Value is applicable 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫]/[[⚫] per cent of Relevant Underlying Value] 
 
• 
Reset 
Observation 
Date: 
(specify 
if 
Reset 
Initial 
Reference Value is applicable 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
• 
Specified 
Percentage: 
[[⚫] per cent.]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Value 
Determination 
Terms 
for 
Initial 
Reference Value as of 
[Strike 
Date][Initial 
Reference 
Value 
Determination Date]: 
(Section 4 of the Additional 
Conditions) 
[Not Applicable]/[Spot Value]/[Intraday Value]/[Opening 
Value]/[Closing Value]/[Commodity Specified Price]/[Max 
Lookback Value]/[Min Lookback Value]/[Floored Max 
Lookback Value]/[Floored Min Lookback Value]/[Capped 
Max 
Lookback 
Value]/[Capped 
Min 
Lookback 
Value]/[Average Value]/[Individually Floored Average 
Value]/[Individually Capped Average 
Value]/[Globally 
Floored Average Value]/[Globally Capped Average Value] 
 
 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
• 
Initial 
Reference 
Value 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[⚫] 
 
• 
Reference 
Month: 
(specify 
if 
Securities 
are 
Inflation-Linked 
Securities 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫]

--- Page 812 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
812 
 
 
• 
Basic 
Value 
Determination 
Terms: 
(specify 
if 
Max 
Lookback 
Value/Min 
Lookback 
Value/Floored Max Lookback 
Value/Floored Min Lookback 
Value/Capped Max Lookback 
Value/Capped Min Lookback 
Value/Average 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Capped Average Value/Globally 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Globally Capped Average 
Value is selected otherwise 
delete this provision) 
[Spot Value]/[Intraday Value]/[Opening Value]/[Closing 
Value]/[Commodity Specified Price] 
 
• 
Averaging 
Dates 
in 
relation 
to 
Strike Date: 
(specify 
if 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Globally 
Floored 
Average Value/Globally Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
• 
Averaging 
Date 
Disruption: 
(For Equity-Linked Securities or 
Futures-Contract 
Linked 
Securities 
only, 
specify 
if 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Globally 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Globally Capped Average 
Value is selected, otherwise (and 
if not an Equity-Linked Security 
or a Futures Contract-Linked 
Security) delete this provision) 
[Omission]/[Postponement]/[Modified Postponement] 
 
• 
Value 
Observation 
Dates 
in 
respect 
of 
Strike Date: 
(specify 
if 
Max 
Lookback 
Value/Min 
Lookback 
[⚫]/[Each [Common ]Scheduled Trading Day beginning on 
(and including) [date] and ending on (but excluding) [date]] 
[subject to adjustment in accordance with [Condition 9.1 
(Market Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging 
Dates)]346/[Condition 13.1 (Market Disruption, Reference 
 
346 
Insert language where the Securities are Share Basket Securities, Index Basket Securities or ETF Basket Securities

--- Page 813 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
813 
 
Value/Floored Max Lookback 
Value/Floored Min Lookback 
Value/Capped Max Lookback 
Value/Capped Min Lookback 
Value is selected, otherwise 
delete this provision) 
Dates and Averaging Dates)]347/[Condition 15.1 (Market 
Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging Dates)]348] 
 
• 
Floor Value: 
(specify 
if 
Floored 
Max 
Lookback Value/Floored Min 
Lookback 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, otherwise delete this 
provision)) 
[⚫] 
 
• 
Global Floor 
Value: 
(specify if Globally Floored 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
• 
Cap Value: 
(specify 
if 
Capped 
Max 
Lookback Value/Capped Min 
Lookback 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, otherwise delete this 
provision) 
[⚫] 
 
• 
Global 
Cap 
Value: 
(specify if Globally Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
(x) 
Value Determination 
Terms for determining 
Final Reference Value 
(Autocall): 
[Not Applicable]/[Spot Value]/[Intraday Value]/[Opening 
Value]/[Closing Value]/[Commodity Specified Price]/[Max 
Lookback Value]/[Min Lookback Value]/[Floored Max 
Lookback Value]/[Floored Min Lookback Value]/[Capped 
Max 
Lookback 
Value]/[Capped 
Min 
Lookback 
Value]/[Average Value]/[Individually Floored Average 
Value]/[Individually Capped Average Value]/[Globally 
Floored Average Value]/[Globally Capped Average Value] 
 
 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
• 
Reference 
Month: 
(specify 
if 
Securities 
are 
Inflation-Linked 
Securities 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
347 
Insert language where the Securities are Fund Basket Securities  
348 
Insert language where the Securities are Futures Contract Basket Securities

--- Page 814 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
814 
 
 
• 
Basic 
Value 
Determination 
Terms: 
(specify 
if 
Max 
Lookback 
Value/Min 
Lookback 
Value/Floored Max Lookback 
Value/Floored Min Lookback 
Value/Capped Max Lookback 
Value/Capped Min Lookback 
Value/Average 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Capped Average Value/Globally 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Globally Capped Average 
Value is selected otherwise 
delete this provision) 
[Spot Value]/[Intraday Value]/[Opening Value]/[Closing 
Value]/[Commodity Specified Price] 
 
• 
Averaging 
Dates 
in 
relation 
to 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Determination 
Date: 
(specify 
if 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Globally 
Floored 
Average Value/Globally Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
 
[OR] 
 
 
Automatic Early 
Redemption 
Determination Date 
Averaging Dates 
[⚫] 
(repeat as required) 
[⚫] 
(repeat as required) 
 
• 
Averaging 
Date 
Disruption: 
(For Equity-Linked Securities or 
Futures-Contract 
Linked 
Securities 
only, 
specify 
if 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Globally 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Globally Capped Average 
Value is selected, otherwise (and 
[Omission]/[Postponement]/[Modified Postponement]

--- Page 815 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
815 
 
if not an Equity-Linked Security 
or a Futures Contract-Linked 
Security) delete this provision) 
 
• 
Value 
Observation 
Dates 
in 
relation 
to 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Determination 
Date: 
(specify 
if 
Max 
Lookback 
Value/Min 
Lookback 
Value/Floored Max Lookback 
Value/Floored Min Lookback 
Value/Capped Max Lookback 
Value/Capped Min Lookback 
Value is selected, otherwise 
delete this provision) 
[⚫]/[Each [Common ]Scheduled Trading Day beginning on 
(and including) [date] and ending on (but excluding) [date]] 
[subject to adjustment in accordance with [Condition 9.1 
(Market Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging 
Dates)]349/[Condition 13.1 (Market Disruption, Reference 
Dates and Averaging Dates)]350/[Condition 15.1 (Market 
Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging Dates)]351] 
 
 
[OR] 
 
 
Automatic Early 
Redemption 
Determination Date 
Value Observation Dates 
[⚫] 
(repeat as required) 
[⚫]/[Each 
[Common 
]Scheduled 
Trading 
Day 
beginning on (and including) 
[date] and ending on (but 
excluding) [date]] [subject to 
adjustment in accordance with 
[Condition 
9.1 
(Market 
Disruption, Reference Dates 
and 
Averaging 
Dates)]352/[Condition 
13.1 
(Market Disruption, Reference 
Dates 
and 
Averaging 
Dates)]353/[Condition 
15.1 
(Market Disruption, Reference 
Dates 
and 
Averaging 
Dates)]354] 
(repeat as required) 
 
• 
Floor Value: 
(specify 
if 
Floored 
Max 
Lookback Value/Floored Min 
[⚫] 
 
349 
Insert language where the Securities are Share Basket Securities, Index Basket Securities or ETF Basket Securities 
350 
Insert language where the Securities are Fund Basket Securities  
351 
Insert language where the Securities are Futures Contract Basket Securities  
352 
Insert language where the Securities are Share Basket Securities, Index Basket Securities or ETF Basket Securities 
353 
Insert language where the Securities are Fund Basket Securities  
354 
Insert language where the Securities are Futures Contract Basket Securities

--- Page 816 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
816 
 
Lookback 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, otherwise delete this 
provision)) 
 
• 
Global Floor 
Value: 
(specify if Globally Floored 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
• 
Cap Value: 
(specify 
if 
Capped 
Max 
Lookback Value/Capped Min 
Lookback 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, otherwise delete this 
provision) 
[⚫] 
 
• 
Global 
Cap 
Value: 
(specify if Globally Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
(xi) 
Value 
Determination 
Terms 
for 
Relevant 
Underlying Value as of 
the 
relevant 
date 
or 
period: 
(Section 4 of the Additional 
Conditions) 
[Not Applicable]/[Spot Value]/[Intraday Value]/[Opening 
Value]/[Closing Value]/[Commodity Specified Price]/[Max 
Lookback Value]/[Min Lookback Value]/[Floored Max 
Lookback Value]/[Floored Min Lookback Value]/[Capped 
Max 
Lookback 
Value]/[Capped 
Min 
Lookback 
Value]/[Average Value]/[Individually Floored Average 
Value]/[Individually Capped Average Value]/[Globally 
Floored Average Value]/[Globally Capped Average Value] 
 
 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
• 
Reference 
Month: 
(specify 
if 
Securities 
are 
Inflation-Linked 
Securities 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫]

--- Page 817 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
817 
 
 
• 
Basic 
Value 
Determination 
Terms: 
(specify 
if 
Max 
Lookback 
Value/Min 
Lookback 
Value/Floored Max Lookback 
Value/Floored Min Lookback 
Value/Capped Max Lookback 
Value/Capped Min Lookback 
Value/Average 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Capped Average Value/Globally 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Globally Capped Average 
Value is selected otherwise 
delete this provision) 
[Spot Value]/[Intraday Value]/[Opening Value]/[Closing 
Value]/[Commodity Specified Price] 
 
• 
Averaging 
Dates 
in 
relation to the 
relevant date 
or period: 
(specify 
if 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Globally 
Floored 
Average Value/Globally Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
 
[OR] 
 
 
[Automatic Early 
Redemption 
Determination Date] 
Averaging Dates 
[⚫] 
(repeat as required) 
[⚫] 
(repeat as required) 
 
• 
Averaging 
Date 
Disruption: 
(For Equity-Linked Securities or 
Futures-Contract 
Linked 
Securities 
only, 
specify 
if 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Globally 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Globally Capped Average 
Value is selected, otherwise (and 
if not an Equity-Linked Security 
or a Futures Contract-Linked 
Security) delete this provision) 
[Omission]/[Postponement]/[Modified Postponement]

--- Page 818 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
818 
 
 
• 
Value 
Observation 
Dates 
in 
respect of the 
relevant date 
or period: 
(specify 
if 
Max 
Lookback 
Value/Min 
Lookback 
Value/Floored Max Lookback 
Value/Floored Min Lookback 
Value/Capped Max Lookback 
Value/Capped Min Lookback 
Value is selected, otherwise 
delete this provision) 
[⚫]/[Each [Common ]Scheduled Trading Day beginning on 
(and including) [date] and ending on (but excluding) [date]] 
[subject to adjustment in accordance with [Condition 9.1 
(Market Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging 
Dates)]355/[Condition 13.1 (Market Disruption, Reference 
Dates and Averaging Dates)]356/[Condition 15.1 (Market 
Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging Dates)]357] 
 
 
[OR] 
 
 
[Automatic Early 
Redemption 
Determination Date] 
Value Observation Dates 
[⚫] 
(repeat as required) 
[⚫]/[Each 
[Common 
]Scheduled 
Trading 
Day 
beginning on (and including) 
[date] and ending on (but 
excluding) [date]] [subject to 
adjustment in accordance with 
[Condition 
9.1 
(Market 
Disruption, Reference Dates 
and 
Averaging 
Dates)]358/[Condition 
13.1 
(Market Disruption, Reference 
Dates 
and 
Averaging 
Dates)]359/[Condition 
15.1 
(Market Disruption, Reference 
Dates 
and 
Averaging 
Dates)]360] 
(repeat as required) 
 
• 
Floor Value: 
(specify 
if 
Floored 
Max 
Lookback Value/Floored Min 
Lookback 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, otherwise delete this 
provision)) 
[⚫] 
 
355 
Insert language where the Securities are Share Basket Securities, Index Basket Securities or ETF Basket Securities 
356 
Insert language where the Securities are Fund Basket Securities  
357 
Insert language where the Securities are Futures Contract Basket Securities  
358 
Insert language where the Securities are Share Basket Securities, Index Basket Securities or ETF Basket Securities 
359 
Insert language where the Securities are Fund Basket Securities  
360 
Insert language where the Securities are Futures Contract Basket Securities

--- Page 819 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
819 
 
 
• 
Global Floor 
Value: 
(specify if Globally Floored 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
• 
Cap Value: 
(specify 
if 
Capped 
Max 
Lookback Value/Capped Min 
Lookback 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, otherwise delete this 
provision) 
[⚫] 
 
• 
Global 
Cap 
Value: 
(specify if Globally Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
(F) 
Autocall 6: 
(Paragraph 2.6 of Section 2 of 
the Additional Conditions) 
[Applicable/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Knock-in Value: 
[[Worst Performance]/[Best Performance]/[Selected Worst 
of Performance]/[Selected Best of Performance]/[Relevant 
Underlying Performance] is applicable]/[is the Relevant 
Underlying Value]] 
 
(ii) 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Determination Date(s): 
[⚫] 
 
(iii) 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption Date(s): 
[[Scheduled Automatic Early Redemption Date [is]/[are]] [⚫
]] 
 
(iv) 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Specified 
Day(s): 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(if Not Applicable, delete the below) 
[⚫] 
[Business 
Day[s]]/[Clearing 
System 
Business 
Day[s]]/[calendar days]] 
 
(v) 
Autocall Barrier Value: 
[⚫]/[[⚫] per cent. of the Initial Reference Value] 
 
 
[OR] 
 
 
Automatic Early 
Redemption Determination 
Date 
Autocall Barrier Value 
[⚫]  
(repeat as required) 
[⚫]/[[⚫] per cent. of the 
Initial Reference Value] 
(repeat as required)

--- Page 820 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
820 
 
 
(vi) 
Reset Initial Reference 
Value: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) 
Initial Reference Value: 
[⚫]/[Determined in accordance with the Value Determination 
Terms specified below]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
[OR] 
 
 
Basket Component 
Initial Reference Value 
[⚫] 
(repeat as required) 
[⚫]/[Determined 
in 
accordance with the Value 
Determination 
Terms 
specified below] 
(repeat as required) 
 
 
 
 
• 
Initial 
Reference 
Value 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Reset Barrier 
Value: 
(specify if Reset Initial Reference 
Value is applicable otherwise 
delete this provision) 
[⚫]/[[⚫] per cent of Relevant Underlying Value] 
 
• 
Reset Rate: 
(specify if Reset Initial Reference 
Value is applicable otherwise 
delete this provision) 
[⚫]/[[⚫] per cent of Relevant Underlying Value] 
 
• 
Reset 
Observation 
Date: 
(specify if Reset Initial Reference 
Value is applicable otherwise 
delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
• 
Specified 
Percentage: 
[[⚫] per cent.]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(viii) Threshhold Number: 
[⚫] 
 
(ix) 
Specified Rate: 
[[⚫]/[100] per cent.] 
 
(x) 
Value 
Determination 
Terms 
for 
Initial 
Reference Value: 
(Section 4 of the Additional 
Conditions) 
[Not Applicable]/[Spot Value]/[Intraday Value]/[Opening 
Value]/[Closing Value]/[Commodity Specified Price]/[Max 
Lookback Value]/[Min Lookback Value]/[Floored Max 
Lookback Value]/[Floored Min Lookback Value]/[Capped 
Max 
Lookback 
Value]/[Capped 
Min 
Lookback 
Value]/[Average Value]/[Individually Floored Average

--- Page 821 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
821 
 
Value]/[Individually Capped Average Value]/[Globally 
Floored Average Value]/[Globally Capped Average Value] 
 
 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
• 
Initial 
Reference 
Value 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Reference 
Month: 
(specify 
if 
Securities 
are 
Inflation-Linked 
Securities 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
• 
Basic 
Value 
Determination 
Terms: 
(specify 
if 
Max 
Lookback 
Value/Min 
Lookback 
Value/Floored Max Lookback 
Value/Floored Min Lookback 
Value/Capped Max Lookback 
Value/Capped Min Lookback 
Value/Average 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Capped Average Value/Globally 
Floored Average Value/Globally 
Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected otherwise delete this 
provision) 
[Spot Value]/[Intraday Value]/[Opening Value]/[Closing 
Value]/[Commodity Specified Price] 
 
• 
Averaging 
Dates 
in 
relation 
to 
Strike Date: 
(specify 
if 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Floored Average Value/Globally 
Floored Average Value/Globally 
Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, otherwise delete this 
provision) 
[⚫] 
 
• 
Averaging 
Date 
Disruption: 
(For Equity-Linked Securities or 
Futures-Contract 
Linked 
Securities 
only, 
specify 
if 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
[Omission]/[Postponement]/[Modified Postponement]

--- Page 822 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
822 
 
Average Value/Globally Floored 
Average Value/Globally Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, 
otherwise (and if not an Equity-
Linked Security or a Futures 
Contract-Linked Security) delete 
this provision) 
 
• 
Value 
Observation 
Dates 
in 
respect 
of 
Strike Date: 
(specify 
if 
Max 
Lookback 
Value/Min 
Lookback 
Value/Floored Max Lookback 
Value/Floored Min Lookback 
Value/Capped Max Lookback 
Value/Capped Min Lookback 
Value is selected, otherwise 
delete this provision) 
[⚫]/[Each [Common ]Scheduled Trading Day beginning on 
(and including) [date] and ending on (but excluding) [date]] 
[subject to adjustment in accordance with [Condition 9.1 
(Market Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging 
Dates)]361/[Condition 13.1 (Market Disruption, Reference 
Dates and Averaging Dates)]362/[Condition 15.1 (Market 
Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging Dates)]363] 
 
• 
Floor Value: 
(specify 
if 
Floored 
Max 
Lookback Value/Floored Min 
Lookback 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, otherwise delete this 
provision)) 
[⚫] 
 
• 
Global 
Floor 
Value: 
(specify if Globally Floored 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
• 
Cap Value: 
(specify 
if 
Capped 
Max 
Lookback Value/Capped Min 
Lookback 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, otherwise delete this 
provision) 
[⚫] 
 
• 
Global 
Cap 
Value: 
(specify if Globally Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
(xi) 
Value Determination 
Terms for determining 
[Not Applicable]/[Spot Value]/[Intraday Value]/[Opening 
Value]/[Closing Value]/[Commodity Specified Price]/[Max 
 
361 
Insert language where the Securities are Share Basket Securities, Index Basket Securities or ETF Basket Securities 
362 
Insert language where the Securities are Fund Basket Securities  
363 
Insert language where the Securities are Futures Contract Basket Securities

--- Page 823 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
823 
 
Final Reference Value 
(Autocall): 
Lookback Value]/[Min Lookback Value]/[Floored Max 
Lookback Value]/[Floored Min Lookback Value]/[Capped 
Max 
Lookback 
Value]/[Capped 
Min 
Lookback 
Value]/[Average Value]/[Individually Floored Average 
Value]/[Individually Capped Average Value]/[Globally 
Floored Average Value]/[Globally Capped Average Value] 
 
 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
• 
Reference 
Month: 
(specify 
if 
Securities 
are 
Inflation-Linked 
Securities 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
• 
Basic 
Value 
Determination 
Terms: 
(specify 
if 
Max 
Lookback 
Value/Min 
Lookback 
Value/Floored Max Lookback 
Value/Floored Min Lookback 
Value/Capped Max Lookback 
Value/Capped Min Lookback 
Value/Average 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Capped Average Value/Globally 
Floored Average Value/Globally 
Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected otherwise delete this 
provision) 
[Spot Value]/[Intraday Value]/[Opening Value]/[Closing 
Value]/[Commodity Specified Price] 
 
• 
Averaging 
Dates 
in 
relation 
to 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Determination 
Date: 
(specify 
if 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Floored Average Value/Globally 
Floored Average Value/Globally 
Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, otherwise delete this 
provision) 
[⚫] 
 
 
[OR] 
 
 
Automatic Early 
Redemption Determination 
Date 
Averaging Dates

--- Page 824 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
824 
 
[⚫] 
(repeat as required) 
[⚫] 
(repeat as required) 
 
• 
Averaging 
Date 
Disruption: 
(For Equity-Linked Securities or 
Futures-Contract 
Linked 
Securities 
only, 
specify 
if 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
Average Value/Globally Floored 
Average Value/Globally Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, 
otherwise (and if not an Equity-
Linked Security or a Futures 
Contract-Linked Security) delete 
this provision) 
[Omission]/[Postponement]/[Modified Postponement] 
 
• 
Value 
Observation 
Dates 
in 
relation 
to 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Determination 
Date: 
(specify 
if 
Max 
Lookback 
Value/Min 
Lookback 
Value/Floored Max Lookback 
Value/Floored Min Lookback 
Value/Capped Max Lookback 
Value/Capped Min Lookback 
Value is selected, otherwise 
delete this provision) 
[⚫]/[Each [Common ]Scheduled Trading Day beginning on 
(and including) [date] and ending on (but excluding) [date]] 
[subject to adjustment in accordance with [Condition 9.1 
(Market Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging 
Dates)]364/[Condition 13.1 (Market Disruption, Reference 
Dates and Averaging Dates)]365/[Condition 15.1 (Market 
Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging Dates)]366] 
 
 
[OR] 
 
 
Automatic Early 
Redemption Determination 
Date 
Value Observation Dates 
[⚫] 
(repeat as required) 
[⚫]/[Each 
[Common 
]Scheduled Trading Day 
beginning 
on 
(and 
including) 
[date] 
and 
ending on (but excluding) 
[date]] 
[subject 
to 
adjustment in accordance 
with 
[Condition 
9.1 
(Market 
Disruption, 
 
364 
Insert language where the Securities are Share Basket Securities, Index Basket Securities or ETF Basket Securities 
365 
Insert language where the Securities are Fund Basket Securities  
366 
Insert language where the Securities are Futures Contract Basket Securities

--- Page 825 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
825 
 
Reference 
Dates 
and 
Averaging 
Dates)]367/[Condition 13.1 
(Market 
Disruption, 
Reference 
Dates 
and 
Averaging 
Dates)]368/[Condition 15.1 
(Market 
Disruption, 
Reference 
Dates 
and 
Averaging Dates)]369] 
(repeat as required) 
 
• 
Floor Value: 
(specify 
if 
Floored 
Max 
Lookback Value/Floored Min 
Lookback 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, otherwise delete this 
provision)) 
[⚫] 
 
• 
Global 
Floor 
Value: 
(specify if Globally Floored 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
• 
Cap Value: 
(specify 
if 
Capped 
Max 
Lookback Value/Capped Min 
Lookback 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, otherwise delete this 
provision) 
[⚫] 
 
• 
Global 
Cap 
Value: 
(specify if Globally Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
(xii) 
Value 
Determination 
Terms 
for 
Relevant 
Underlying Value as of 
the 
relevant 
date 
or 
period: 
(Section 4 of the Additional 
Conditions) 
[Not Applicable]/[Spot Value]/[Intraday Value]/[Opening 
Value]/[Closing Value]/[Commodity Specified Price]/[Max 
Lookback Value]/[Min Lookback Value]/[Floored Max 
Lookback Value]/[Floored Min Lookback Value]/[Capped 
Max 
Lookback 
Value]/[Capped 
Min 
Lookback 
Value]/[Average Value]/[Individually Floored Average 
Value]/[Individually Capped Average Value]/[Globally 
Floored Average Value]/[Globally Capped Average Value] 
 
 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
367 
Insert language where the Securities are Share Basket Securities, Index Basket Securities or ETF Basket Securities 
368 
Insert language where the Securities are Fund Basket Securities  
369 
Insert language where the Securities are Futures Contract Basket Securities

--- Page 826 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
826 
 
 
• 
Reference 
Month: 
(specify 
if 
Securities 
are 
Inflation-Linked 
Securities 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
• 
Basic 
Value 
Determination 
Terms: 
(specify 
if 
Max 
Lookback 
Value/Min 
Lookback 
Value/Floored Max Lookback 
Value/Floored Min Lookback 
Value/Capped Max Lookback 
Value/Capped Min Lookback 
Value/Average 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Capped Average Value/Globally 
Floored Average Value/Globally 
Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected otherwise delete this 
provision) 
[Spot Value]/[Intraday Value]/[Opening Value]/[Closing 
Value]/[Commodity Specified Price] 
 
• 
Averaging 
Dates 
in 
relation to the 
relevant 
date 
or period: 
(specify 
if 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Floored Average Value/Globally 
Floored Average Value/Globally 
Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, otherwise delete this 
provision) 
[⚫] 
 
 
[OR] 
 
 
[Automatic Early 
Redemption Determination 
Date] 
Averaging Dates 
[⚫] 
(repeat as required) 
[⚫] 
(repeat as required) 
 
• 
Averaging 
Date 
Disruption: 
(For Equity-Linked Securities or 
Futures-Contract 
Linked 
Securities 
only, 
specify 
if 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
[Omission]/[Postponement]/[Modified Postponement]

--- Page 827 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
827 
 
Average Value/Globally Floored 
Average Value/Globally Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, 
otherwise (and if not an Equity-
Linked Security or a Futures 
Contract-Linked Security) delete 
this provision) 
 
• 
Value 
Observation 
Dates 
in 
respect of the 
relevant 
date 
or period: 
(specify 
if 
Max 
Lookback 
Value/Min 
Lookback 
Value/Floored Max Lookback 
Value/Floored Min Lookback 
Value/Capped Max Lookback 
Value/Capped Min Lookback 
Value is selected, otherwise 
delete this provision) 
[⚫]/[Each [Common ]Scheduled Trading Day beginning on 
(and including) [date] and ending on (but excluding) [date]] 
[subject to adjustment in accordance with [Condition 9.1 
(Market Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging 
Dates)]370/[Condition 13.1 (Market Disruption, Reference 
Dates and Averaging Dates)]371/[Condition 15.1 (Market 
Disruption, Reference Dates and Averaging Dates)]372] 
 
 
[OR] 
 
 
[Automatic Early 
Redemption Determination 
Date] 
Value Observation Dates 
[⚫] 
(repeat as required) 
[⚫]/[Each 
[Common 
]Scheduled Trading Day 
beginning 
on 
(and 
including) 
[date] 
and 
ending on (but excluding) 
[date]] 
[subject 
to 
adjustment in accordance 
with 
[Condition 
9.1 
(Market 
Disruption, 
Reference 
Dates 
and 
Averaging 
Dates)]373/[Condition 13.1 
(Market 
Disruption, 
Reference 
Dates 
and 
Averaging 
Dates)]374/[Condition 15.1 
(Market 
Disruption, 
Reference 
Dates 
and 
Averaging Dates)]375] 
(repeat as required) 
 
370 
Insert language where the Securities are Share Basket Securities, Index Basket Securities or ETF Basket Securities 
371 
Insert language where the Securities are Fund Basket Securities  
372 
Insert language where the Securities are Futures Contract Basket Securities  
373 
Insert language where the Securities are Share Basket Securities, Index Basket Securities or ETF Basket Securities 
374 
Insert language where the Securities are Fund Basket Securities  
375 
Insert language where the Securities are Futures Contract Basket Securities

--- Page 828 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
828 
 
 
• 
Floor Value: 
(specify 
if 
Floored 
Max 
Lookback Value/Floored Min 
Lookback 
Value/Individually 
Floored 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, otherwise delete this 
provision)) 
[⚫] 
 
• 
Global 
Floor 
Value: 
(specify if Globally Floored 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫] 
 
• 
Cap Value: 
(specify 
if 
Capped 
Max 
Lookback Value/Capped Min 
Lookback 
Value/Individually 
Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, otherwise delete this 
provision) 
[⚫] 
 
• 
Global 
Cap 
Value: 
(specify if Globally Capped 
Average 
Value 
is 
selected, 
otherwise delete this provision) 
[⚫]

--- Page 829 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
829 
 
(G) 
(i) 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount upon Event of Default 
(General Condition 21): 
[For Securities which are not Zero Coupon Securities, 
choose one of the following options: 
[Fixed Redemption. The Specified Rate is [⚫]/[100] 
%]/[Qualified Financial Institution Determination. The 
Determination Agent will determine the amount a 
Qualified Financial Institution would charge to assume all 
of the Issuer's payment and other obligations with respect 
to such Securities as if no such Event of Default had 
occurred or to undertake obligations that would have the 
effect of preserving the economic equivalent of any 
payment by the Issuer to the Securityholder with respect 
to the Securities]/[Accrued Value. [The Accrued Value 
Commencement Date is [●].] The Accrual Yield is [•] and 
the Reference Price is [•].] [Theoretical Value]]

--- Page 830 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
830 
 
 
 
[For Zero Coupon Securities, choose one of the following 
options: 
[[⚫] per cent. per Calculation Amount]/[an amount per 
Calculation Amount determined by the Determination 
Agent in accordance with General Condition 16.8 (Early 
Redemption of Zero Coupon Securities). For these 
purposes, the Accrual Yield is [⚫] per cent., the Reference 
Price is [specify] [and the Accrued Value Commencement 
Date is [⚫].] 
[For Inflation Linked Securities in respect of which the 
Inflation Index is UDI Fixing, the following UDI-linked 
redemption may be specified:  
[An amount per Calculation Amount determined by the 
Determination Agent in accordance with the following 
formula (provided that if the value determined by the 
Determination Agent in accordance with such formula is 
a negative number, zero): 
[ 
Calculation Amount × [Specified Rate + (Participation Rate × ( UDIFinal
UDIInitial
 -1))] 
]/[ 
Calculation Amount × Specified Rate × UDIFinal  
][provided that,] 
[If a Redemption Cap applies: 
the amount calculated in accordance with the above 
formula shall not exceed the Redemption Cap] 
[If a Redemption Floor applies: 
the amount calculated in accordance with the above 
formula shall not be less than the Redemption Floor] 
[If a Redemption Cap and a Redemption Floor apply: 
the amount calculated in accordance with the above 
formula shall not exceed the Redemption Cap and shall 
not be less than the Redemption Floor] 
on such day as is selected by the Determination Agent in 
its reasonable discretion (provided that such day is not 
more than 15 days before the date fixed for redemption of 
the Security). 
[Redemption Cap: [⚫]] 
[Redemption Floor: [⚫]] 
 
 
 
(delete as appropriate) 
 
 
(ii)  
Early 
Redemption 
Amount 
(Tax) 
upon 
redemption 
pursuant 
to 
[Condition 
16.2 
(Tax 
Redemption – Morgan Stanley 
[For Morgan Stanley or MSFL Securities: 
[Not Applicable]/[Early Redemption Amount (Tax) – Fair 
Market Value Less Costs]/[Early Redemption Amount

--- Page 831 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
831 
 
and 
MSFL 
Securities)][Condition 
16.3 
(Tax Redemption – MSI plc 
and MSBV Securities)].   
 
(Tax) – Fair Market Value]/[Early Redemption Amount 
(Tax) – Par] 
 
[For MSI plc or MSBV Securities: 
[Early Redemption Amount (Tax) – Fair Market Value 
Less Costs]/[Early Redemption Amount (Tax) – Fair 
Market Value]/[Early Redemption Amount (Tax) – Par]]  
(Note – for issuances of Securities to retail investors, 
"Early Redemption Amount (Tax) – Fair Market Value 
Less Costs" may not be selected) 
[For Inflation Linked Securities in respect of which the 
Inflation Index is UDI Fixing, the following UDI-linked 
redemption may be specified:  
[An amount per Calculation Amount determined by the 
Determination Agent in accordance with the following 
formula (provided that if the value determined by the 
Determination Agent in accordance with such formula is 
a negative number, zero): 
[ 
Calculation Amount × [Specified Rate + (Participation Rate × ( UDIFinal
UDIInitial
 −1))] 
]/[ 
Calculation Amount × Specified Rate × UDIFinal  
][provided that,] 
[If a Redemption Cap applies: 
the amount calculated in accordance with the above 
formula shall not exceed the Redemption Cap] 
[If a Redemption Floor applies: 
the amount calculated in accordance with the above 
formula shall not be less than the Redemption Floor] 
[If a Redemption Cap and a Redemption Floor apply: 
the amount calculated in accordance with the above 
formula shall not exceed the Redemption Cap and shall 
not be less than the Redemption Floor] 
on such day as is selected by the Determination Agent in 
its reasonable discretion (provided that such day is not 
more than 15 days before the date fixed for redemption of 
the Security). 
[Redemption Cap: [⚫]] 
[Redemption Floor: [⚫]] 
 
 
[For Zero Coupon securities, choose one of the following 
options: 
[[●] per cent. per Calculation Amount]/[an amount per 
Calculation Amount determined by the Determination 
Agent in accordance with General Condition 16.8 (Early 
Redemption of Zero Coupon Securities). For these 
purposes, the Accrual Yield is [●] per cent., the Reference

--- Page 832 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
832 
 
Price 
is 
[specifiy] 
[and 
the 
Accrued 
Value 
Commencement Date is [●].] 
(H) 
Inconvertibility 
Event 
Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable 
– 
Commodity-Linked Security Inconvertibility Provisions 
apply] 
 
 
(General Condition 33) 
(if Not Applicable, or if Commodity-Linked Security 
Inconvertibility Provisions apply, delete sub-paragraphs 
(i) to (vi) below) 
 
 
(i) 
Consequences of the 
occurrence 
of 
an 
Inconvertibility Event: 
[Converted Payment]/[Early Redemption]/[Suspended 
Payment] 
 
 
(ii) 
Inconvertibility Early 
Redemption Amount: 
[Not Applicable] 
[OR] 
 
 
 
[For Zero Coupon Securities, choose one of the following 
options: 
[[⚫] per cent. Per Calculation Amount]/[an amount per 
Calculation Amount determined by the Determination 
Agent in accordance with General Condition 16.8 (Early 
Redemption of Zero Coupon Securities). For these 
purposes, the Accrual Yield is [⚫] per cent., the Reference 
Price is [specify] [and the Accrued Value Commencement 
Date is [⚫].] 
 
 
 
[For Securities which are not Zero Coupon Securities, 
choose one of the following options: 
[[⚫] 
per 
cent. 
per 
Calculation 
Amount]/[Early 
Redemption Amount Less Costs applies. For the purposes 
of the definition of Early Redemption Amount Less Costs, 
[Fixed Redemption applies. The Specified Rate is [⚫
]/[100] %]/[Qualified Financial Institution Determination 
applies.]/[Accrued Value applies. [The Accrued Value 
Commencement Date is [●].] The Accrual Yield is [•] and 
the Reference Price is [•].] [Theoretical Value 
applies.]]/[Early Redemption Amount applies. For the 
purposes of the definition of Early Redemption Amount, 
[Fixed Redemption applies. The Specified Rate is [⚫
]/[100] %]/[Qualified Financial Institution Determination 
applies.]/[Accrued Value applies. [The Accrued Value 
Commencement Date is [●].] The Accrual Yield is [•] and 
the 
Reference 
Price 
is 
[•].]/[Theoretical 
Value 
applies.]]/[Fair Market Value applies]/[Fair Market Value 
Less Costs applies] [An amount per Calculation Amount 
determined by the Determination Agent in accordance 
with the following formula (provided that if the value 
determined by the Determination Agent in accordance 
with such formula is a negative number, zero): 
[

--- Page 833 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
833 
 
Calculation Amount × [Specified Rate 
+ (Participation Rate × ( UDIFinal
UDIInitial
 −1))] 
]/[ 
Calculation Amount × Specified Rate × UDIFinal  
][provided that,] 
[If a Redemption Cap applies: 
the amount calculated in accordance with the above 
formula shall not exceed the Redemption Cap] 
[If a Redemption Floor applies: 
the amount calculated in accordance with the above 
formula shall not be less than the Redemption Floor] 
[If a Redemption Cap and a Redemption Floor apply: 
the amount calculated in accordance with the above 
formula shall not exceed the Redemption Cap and shall 
not be less than the Redemption Floor] 
on such day as is selected by the Determination Agent in 
its reasonable discretion (provided that such day is not 
more than 15 days before the date fixed for redemption of 
the Security). 
[Redemption Cap: [●]] 
[Redemption Floor: [●]]] 
(Note – for issuances of Securities to retail investors, 
"Early Redemption Amount Less Costs" and "Fair Market 
Value Less Costs" may not be selected) 
 
(iii) 
Relevant 
Currenc(y)/(ies): 
[⚫] 
 
 
(iv) 
Relevant 
Jurisdiction(s): 
[⚫] 
 
 
(v) 
Inconvertibility 
Specified 
Currenc(y)/(ies): 
[⚫] 
 
 
(vi) 
Settlement 
Rate 
Option: 
[Currency Reference Dealers]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(If 
Commodity-Linked 
Security 
Inconvertibility 
Provisions apply, insert (vii) to (ix) below.  If Commodity-
Linked Security Inconvertibility Provisions do not apply 
delete (vii) to (ix) below) 
 
 
(vii) 
Relevant 
Currenc(y)/(ies): 
[⚫]

--- Page 834 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
834 
 
 
(viii) 
Relevant 
Jurisdiction(s): 
[⚫] 
 
 
(ix) 
Inconvertibility 
Specified 
Currenc(y)/(ies): 
[⚫] 
 
 
 
 
 
32. 
Automatic Early Redemption 
Event 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(General Condition 16.11) 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
 
(i) 
Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation 
Date (s): 
[⚫] 
 
 
(ii) 
Automatic Early 
Redemption Event occurs 
if the Cumulative Interest 
Amount is: 
[greater than]/[greater than or equal to]/[equal to]/[less 
than or equal to]/[less than] the Automatic Early 
Redemption Level. 
(delete as appropriate) 
 
 
(iii) Automatic Early 
Redemption Level: 
[⚫] [per cent.] of the Calculation Amount 
 
 
(iv) Automatic Early 
Redemption Amount: 
[[⚫] [per cent.] per Calculation Amount]/[Paragraph (c) of 
the definition of Automatic Early Redemption Amount in 
General Condition 16.11 (Automatic Early Redemption 
Event) applies] [An amount per Calculation Amount 
determined by the Determination Agent in accordance 
with the following formula (provided that if the value 
determined by the Determination Agent in accordance 
with such formula is a negative number, zero): 
[ 
Calculation Amount × [Specified Rate 
+ (Participation Rate × ( UDIFinal
UDIInitial
 −1))] 
]/[ 
Calculation Amount × Specified Rate × UDIFinal  
][provided that,] 
[If a Redemption Cap applies: 
the amount calculated in accordance with the above 
formula shall not exceed the Redemption Cap] 
[If a Redemption Floor applies: 
the amount calculated in accordance with the above 
formula shall not be less than the Redemption Floor] 
[If a Redemption Cap and a Redemption Floor apply:

--- Page 835 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
835 
 
the amount calculated in accordance with the above 
formula shall not exceed the Redemption Cap and shall 
not be less than the Redemption Floor] 
on such day as is selected by the Determination Agent in 
its reasonable discretion (provided that such day is not 
more than 15 days before the date fixed for redemption of 
the Security). 
[Redemption Cap: [⚫]] 
[Redemption Floor: [⚫]] 
[For Zero Coupon Securities, choose one of the following 
options:  
[[●] per cent. per Calculation Amount]/[an amount per 
Calculation Amount determined by the Determination 
Agent in accordance with General Condition 16.8 (Early 
Redemption of Zero Coupon Securities). For these 
purposes, the Accrual Yield is [●] per cent., the Reference 
Price is [specify] [and the Accrued Value Commencement 
Date is [●].] 
 
(v) 
Automatic Early 
Redemption Rate: 
[[⚫]/[100] per cent.] [in respect of Automatic Early 
Redemption Date falling on [⚫] and [⚫]/[100] per cent. in 
respect of Automatic Early Redemption Date falling on [
⚫]]]/[Not Applicable] 
(specify if fallback in paragraph (c) of the definition of 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount in General 
Condition 16.11 applies) 
 
 
(vi) Automatic Early 
Redemption Date(s): 
 [[Scheduled Automatic Early Redemption Date [is]/[are]] 
[⚫]] 
 
 
(vii) Automatic Early 
Redemption Specified 
Day(s): 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(if Not Applicable, delete the below) 
[⚫] 
[Business 
Day[s]]/[Clearing 
System 
Business 
Day[s]]/[calendar days]] 
 
 
(viii) Determination Time: 
[⚫] 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE SECURITIES 
 
33. 
Form of Securities: 
(General Condition 3) 
[Registered Securities: 
[Global Security Certificate registered in the name of [a 
nominee for] [a common depositary for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg]/[a common safekeeper for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (that is, held 
under the New Safekeeping Structure (NSS))]376, 
exchangeable for Individual Security Certificates on [⚫] 
days' notice/at any time/in the limited circumstances 
described in the Global Security Certificate] 
 
 
 
[Individual Security Certificates]] 
 
 
376 
To be included for Registered Securities in global form which are to be held under the NSS.

--- Page 836 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
836 
 
 
 
[Finnish Securities] 
 
 
 
[Swedish Securities] 
 
 
 
[Uncertificated Securities] 
 
34. 
Additional Business Centre(s) or 
other special provisions relating 
to Payment Dates: 
[Not Applicable/[⚫]]. 
Note that this item relates to the date and place of 
payment, and not interest period end dates. This should 
specify "Not applicable" unless, exceptionally, location of 
Fiscal Agent is to be included as a business day for the 
purposes of payments whilst Securities are in global form 
in the clearing systems. 
 
35. 
Record Date: 
[As set out in the General Conditions/The Record Date is 
[⚫] [Business Day/day/clearing system business day] 
before the relevant due date for payment/Not Applicable] 
 
36. 
Redenomination, 
renominalisation 
and 
reconventioning provisions: 
[Not Applicable]/[The provisions in General Condition 32 
(Redenomination, 
Renominalisation 
and 
Reconventioning) apply] 
 
37. 
Taxation: 
 
 
 
(i) 
General Condition 20.1: 
"Additional Amounts" is [Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(ii) 
General Condition 20.3: 
Implementation of Financial Transaction Tax Event is 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
38. 
CNY Centre:  
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
39. 
Illegality and Regulatory Event 
(General Condition 22): 
Applicable 
 
40. 
Early Redemption Amount 
(Illegality and Regulatory 
Event): 
[[Early Redemption Amount (Illegality and Regulatory 
Event) – Fair Market Value Less Costs]/[Early 
Redemption Amount (Illegality and Regulatory Event) – 
Fair 
Market 
Value]/[Early 
Redemption 
Amount 
(Illegality and Regulatory Event) – Par] shall apply]/ [An 
amount per Calculation Amount determined by the 
Determination Agent in accordance with the following 
formula (provided that if the value determined by the 
Determination Agent in accordance with such formula is 
a negative number, zero): 
[For Inflation Linked Securities in respect of which the 
Inflation Index is UDI Fixing, the following UDI-linked 
redemption may be specified:  
[An amount per Calculation Amount determined by the 
Determination Agent in accordance with the following 
formula (provided that if the value determined by the 
Determination Agent in accordance with such formula is 
a negative number, zero): 
[ 
Calculation Amount × [Specified Rate + (Participation Rate × ( UDIFinal
UDIInitial
 -1))] 
]/[

--- Page 837 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
837 
 
Calculation Amount × Specified Rate × UDIFinal  
][provided that,] 
[If a Redemption Cap applies: 
the amount calculated in accordance with the above 
formula shall not exceed the Redemption Cap] 
[If a Redemption Floor applies: 
the amount calculated in accordance with the above 
formula shall not be less than the Redemption Floor] 
[If a Redemption Cap and a Redemption Floor apply: 
the amount calculated in accordance with the above 
formula shall not exceed the Redemption Cap and shall 
not be less than the Redemption Floor] 
on such day as is selected by the Determination Agent in 
its reasonable discretion (provided that such day is not 
more than 15 days before the date fixed for redemption of 
the Security). 
[Redemption Cap: [⚫]] 
[Redemption Floor: [⚫]][If a Redemption Cap applies: 
the amount calculated in accordance with the above 
formula shall not exceed the Redemption Cap] 
[If a Redemption Floor applies: 
the amount calculated in accordance with the above 
formula shall not be less than the Redemption Floor] 
[If a Redemption Cap and a Redemption Floor apply: 
the amount calculated in accordance with the above 
formula shall not exceed the Redemption Cap and shall 
not be less than the Redemption Floor] 
on such day as is selected by the Determination Agent in 
its reasonable discretion (provided that such day is not 
more than 15 days before the date fixed for redemption of 
the Security). 
[Redemption Cap: [⚫]] 
[Redemption Floor: [⚫]]/ [Not Applicable] 
(Note – for issuances of Securities to retail investors, 
"Early Redemption Amount (Illegality and Regulatory 
Event) – Fair Market Value Less Costs" may not be 
selected) 
[For Zero Coupon Securities, choose one of the following 
options:  
[[●] per cent. per Calculation Amount]/[an amount per 
Calculation Amount determined by the Determination 
Agent in accordance with General Condition 16.8 (Early 
Redemption of Zero Coupon Securities). For these

--- Page 838 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
838 
 
purposes, the Accrual Yield is [●] per cent., the Reference 
Price is [specify] [and the Accrued Value Commencement 
Date is [●]].] 
41. 
Relevant Rates Benchmark 
Discontinuance or Prohibition 
on Use (General Condition 
6.20) 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
[Administrator/Benchmark Event: applicable for General 
Condition 6.20(c): [Not Applicable]377 [Applicable as per 
the General Conditions]] 
[Alternative Pre-nominated Reference Rate: [None] 
[Specify] (specify in respect of each Relevant Rates 
Benchmark)] 
[[Early Redemption Amount (Benchmark Trigger Event) 
– Fixed Redemption: [*] per Calculation Amount] / [Early 
Redemption Amount (Benchmark Trigger Event) – Fixed 
Redemption Less Costs: [*] per Calculation Amount] / 
[Early Redemption Amount (Benchmark Trigger Event) – 
Fair Market Value Less Costs] / [Early Redemption 
Amount (Benchmark Trigger Event) – Fair Market Value] 
shall apply] / [Not Applicable] 
(Note – for issuances of Securities to retail investors, 
"Early Redemption Amount (Benchmark Trigger Event) – 
Fair Market Value Less Costs" / “Early Redemption 
Amount (Benchmark Trigger Event) – Fixed Redemption 
less Costs may not be selected) 
 
42. 
CMS Reference Rate – Effect 
of Index Cessation Event 
(General Condition 6.21) 
Administrator/Benchmark Event: applicable for General 
Condition 6.21(d): [Not Applicable] [Applicable as per 
the General Conditions] 
[Alternative Pre-nominated Reference Rate: [None] 
[Specify]] 
[Benchmark Replacement Adjustment: [Specify]] 
[[Early Redemption Amount (CMS Reference Rate) – 
Fixed Redemption: [⚫] per Calculation Amount] / [Early 
Redemption Amount (CMS Reference Rate) – Fixed 
Redemption Less Costs: [⚫] per Calculation Amount] / 
[Early Redemption Amount (CMS Reference Rate) – Fair 
Market Value Less Costs] / [Early Redemption Amount 
(CMS Reference Rate) – Fair Market Value] shall apply] 
/ [Not Applicable] 
(Note – for issuances of Securities to retail investors, 
["Early Redemption Amount (CMS Reference Rate) – Fair 
Market Value Less Costs"]/["Early Redemption Amount 
(CMS Reference Rate) – Fixed Redemption Less Costs"] 
may not be selected) 
Reference Time: [⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
[For Zero Coupon Securities, choose one of the following 
options:  
[[●] per cent. per Calculation Amount]/[an amount per 
Calculation Amount determined by the Determination 
Agent in accordance with General Condition 16.8 (Early 
Redemption of Zero Coupon Securities). For these 
purposes, the Accrual Yield is [●] per cent., the Reference 
 
 
377 
Not applicable where the Relevant Rates Benchmark is U.S. Dollar LIBOR.

--- Page 839 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
839 
 
Price is [specify] [and the Accrued Value Commencement 
Date is [●]].] 
43. 
Index Cancellation or 
Administrator/ Benchmark 
Event (General Condition 
9.2(b)) 
Benchmark Trigger Provisions are [Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
Alternative Pre-nominated Index: [None] [Specify] 
 
44. 
Redemption for Index 
Adjustment Event: 
(General Condition 9.2(d)) 
 
Benchmark Trigger Provisions are [Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
Alternative Pre-nominated Index: [None] [Specify]  
[[Early Redemption Amount (Index Cancellation) – Fair 
Market Value Less Costs]/[Early Redemption Amount 
(Index Cancellation) – Fair Market Value] shall 
apply]/[Not Applicable] 
[(Note – for issuances of Securities to retail investors, 
"Early Redemption Amount (Index Cancellation) – Fair 
Market Value Less Costs" may not be selected)]  
 
45. 
Merger Event or Tender Offer: 
(General Condition 9.4(a)) 
[[Merger Event Settlement Amount – Fair Market Value 
Less Costs]/[Merger Event Settlement Amount – Fair 
Market Value] shall apply]/[Not Applicable] 
[[Tender Offer Settlement Amount – Fair Market Value 
Less Costs]/[Tender Offer Settlement Amount – Fair 
Market Value] shall apply]/[Not Applicable] 
(Note – for issuances of Securities to retail investors, 
"Merger Event Settlement Amount – Fair Market Value 
Less Costs" and "Tender Offer Settlement Amount – Fair 
Market Value Less Costs" may not be selected) 
 
46. 
Nationalisation, Insolvency and 
Delisting: 
(General Condition 9.4(b)) 
[[Early Redemption Amount (Nationalisation, Insolvency 
and Delisting) – Fair Market Value Less Costs]/[Early 
Redemption Amount (Nationalisation, Insolvency and 
Delisting) – Fair Market Value] shall apply]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(Note – for issuances of Securities to retail investors, 
"Early Redemption Amount (Nationalisation, Insolvency 
and Delisting) – Fair Market Value Less Costs" may not 
be selected) 
 
47. 
Extraordinary ETF Events: 
(General Condition 9.5) 
[[Early Redemption Amount (Extraordinary ETF Event) 
– Fair Market Value Less Costs]/[Early Redemption 
Amount (Extraordinary ETF Event) – Fair Market Value] 
shall apply]/[Not Applicable] 
(Note – for issuances of Securities to retail investors, 
"Early Redemption Amount (Extraordinary ETF Event) – 
Fair Market Value Less Costs" may not be selected) 
 
48. 
Additional Disruption Events: 
(General Condition 9.6) 
[[Early Redemption Amount (Additional Disruption 
Event) – Fair Market Value Less Costs]/[Early 
Redemption Amount (Additional Disruption Event) – Fair 
Market Value] shall apply]/[Not Applicable] 
(Note – for issuances of Securities to retail investors, 
"Early Redemption Amount (Additional Disruption Event) 
– Fair Market Value Less Costs" may not be selected)

--- Page 840 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
840 
 
49. 
Partial Lookthrough Depositary 
Receipt Provisions: 
(General Condition 9.7) 
[[Early Redemption Amount (Potential Adjustment 
Event) – Fair Market Value Less Costs]/[Early 
Redemption Amount (Potential Adjustment Event) – Fair 
Market Value] shall apply]/[Not Applicable] 
(Note – for issuances of Securities to retail investors, 
"Early Redemption Amount (Potential Adjustment Event) 
– Fair Market Value Less Costs" may not be selected) 
 
50. 
Full Lookthrough Depositary 
Receipt Provisions: 
(General Condition 9.8) 
[[Early Redemption Amount (Potential Adjustment 
Event) – Fair Market Value Less Costs]/[Early 
Redemption Amount (Potential Adjustment Event) – Fair 
Market Value] shall apply]/[Not Applicable] 
(Note – for issuances of Securities to retail investors, 
"Early Redemption Amount (Potential Adjustment Event) 
– Fair Market Value Less Costs" may not be selected) 
 
51. 
Administrator/Benchmark 
Events (General Condition 
10.4) 
Benchmark Trigger Provisions are [Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
Alternative Pre-nominated Index: [None] [Specify]  
[[Early Redemption Amount (Administrator/Benchmark 
Event) – Fair Market Value Less Costs]/[Early 
Redemption Amount (Administrator/Benchmark Event) – 
Fair Market Value] shall apply]/[Not Applicable] 
[(Note – for issuances of Securities to retail investors, 
"Early Redemption Amount (Administrator/Benchmark 
Event) – Fair Market Value Less Costs" may not be 
selected)]  
 
52. 
Commodity Disruption Events 
(General Condition 10.6) 
[[Early 
Redemption 
Amount 
(Commodity 
Index 
Disruption Event) – Fair Market Value Less Costs]/[Early 
Redemption Amount (Commodity Index Disruption 
Event) – Fair Market Value] shall apply]/[Not Applicable] 
[(Note – for issuances of Securities to retail investors, 
"Early Redemption Amount (Additional Disruption Event) 
– Fair Market Value Less Costs" may not be selected)]  
 
53. 
Commodity Index Cancellation 
or Administrator/Benchmark 
Event Date (General Condition 
10.7(b)) 
Benchmark Trigger Provisions are [Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
Alternative Pre-nominated Index: [None] [Specify]  
 
54. 
Redemption for Commodity 
Index Adjustment Event 
(General Condition 10.7(d)) 
Benchmark Trigger Provisions are [Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
Alternative Pre-nominated Index: [None] [Specify] 
[[Early 
Redemption 
Amount 
(Commodity 
Index 
Adjustment 
Event) 
– 
Fair 
Market 
Value 
Less 
Costs]/[Early Redemption Amount (Commodity Index 
Adjustment Event) – Fair Market Value] shall apply]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[(Note – for issuances of Securities to retail investors, 
"Early Redemption Amount (Additional Disruption Event) 
– Fair Market Value Less Costs" may not be selected)]  
 
55. 
Additional Disruption Events: 
[[Early Redemption Amount (Additional Disruption 
Event) – Fair Market Value Less Costs]/[Early

--- Page 841 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
841 
 
(General Condition 10.8) 
Redemption Amount (Additional Disruption Event) – Fair 
Market Value] shall apply]/[Not Applicable] 
(Note – for issuances of Securities to retail investors, 
"Early Redemption Amount (Additional Disruption Event) 
– Fair Market Value Less Costs" may not be selected) 
56. 
Administrator/Benchmark 
Events (General Condition 
11.5) 
[[Early Redemption Amount (Administrator/Benchmark 
Event) – Fair Market Value Less Costs]/[Early 
Redemption Amount (Administrator/Benchmark Event) – 
Fair Market Value] shall apply]/[Not Applicable] 
[(Note – for issuances of Securities to retail investors, 
"Early Redemption Amount (Additional Disruption Event) 
– Fair Market Value Less Costs" may not be selected)]  
[Relevant FX Benchmark has the meaning given in 
Condition 11.8 (Definitions applicable to Currency-
Linked Securities)]/[other: specify] 
 
57. 
Additional Disruption Events: 
(General Condition 11.6) 
[[Early Redemption Amount (Additional Disruption 
Event) – Fair Market Value Less Costs]/[Early 
Redemption Amount (Additional Disruption Event) – Fair 
Market Value] shall apply]/[Not Applicable] 
(Note – for issuances of Securities to retail investors, 
"Early Redemption Amount (Additional Disruption Event) 
– Fair Market Value Less Costs" may not be selected) 
 
58. 
Cessation of Publication 
(General Condition 12.2) 
[[Early Redemption Amount (Inflation Index Cessation) – 
Fair Market Value Less Costs]/[Early Redemption 
Amount (Inflation Index Cessation) – Fair Market Value] 
shall apply]/[Not Applicable] 
[(Note – for issuances of Securities to retail investors, 
"Early Redemption Amount (Additional Disruption Event) 
– Fair Market Value Less Costs" may not be selected)]  
 
59. 
Additional Disruption Events: 
(General Condition 12.8) 
[[Early Redemption Amount (Additional Disruption 
Event) – Fair Market Value Less Costs]/[Early 
Redemption Amount (Additional Disruption Event) – Fair 
Market Value] /[Early Redemption Amount (Additional 
Disruption Event) – MXN Denominated UDI Linked 
Redemption] /[Early Redemption Amount (Additional 
Disruption Event) – UDI Final Linked Redemption] shall 
apply]/[Not Applicable] 
(Note – for issuances of Securities to retail investors, 
"Early Redemption Amount (Additional Disruption Event) 
– Fair Market Value Less Costs" may not be selected) 
 
60. 
CNY Disruption Events: 
(General Condition 34) 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(Note – for issuances of Securities to retail investors, 
General Condition 34 should be specified as Not 
Applicable) 
 
61. 
Substitution 
of 
Issuer 
or 
Guarantor with non Morgan 
Stanley Group entities:  
(General Condition 35.2) 
Applicable

--- Page 842 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
842 
 
62. 
FXFinal Determination Date: 
[The Currency Business Day [[immediately succeeding] 
OR [[•] days succeeding]]  the Determination Date]/[[•] 
[specify date]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
63. 
FXInitial Determination Date: 
[The Currency Business Day [[immediately preceding] 
OR [[•] days preceding]] the Strike Date]/[[•] [specify 
date]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
DISTRIBUTION 
64. 
(i) 
If syndicated, names 
[and addresses]378 of 
Managers 
[and 
underwriting 
commitments]379:  and 
names and addresses of 
the entities agreeing to 
place the issue without 
a firm commitment or 
on a "best efforts" basis 
if such entities are not 
the 
same 
as 
the 
Managers.)]380 
[Not Applicable/give names[, addresses and underwriting 
commitments]] [(Include names and addresses of entities 
agreeing to underwrite the issue on a firm commitment 
basis.)] 
 
 
(ii) 
[Date of [Subscription] 
Agreement: 
[⚫]]381 
 
 
(iii) 
Stabilising Manager(s) 
(if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
 
65. 
If non-syndicated, name [and 
address]382 of dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name [and address]383] 
 
66. 
Non-exempt Offer and Offer 
Period: 
[Not Applicable]/[An offer of the Securities may be made 
by the [insert names]/[any person who is authorised to 
make such offers under Directive  2014/65/EU] other than 
pursuant to Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation in 
[Belgium]/[Denmark]/[Finland]/[France]/[Ireland]/[Italy]
/[Luxembourg]/[Portugal]/[Spain]/[Sweden]/[The 
Netherlands] ("Public Offer Jurisdictions") during [the 
period from, and [including]/[excluding], [⚫] to, and 
[including]/[excluding], [⚫] ("Offer Period")]/[the period 
from, 
and 
[including]/[excluding], 
[⚫] 
to, 
and 
[including]/[excluding], [⚫] for the Securities that will be 
offered by means of ["online selling"]/["door-to-door" 
selling]] ("Offer Period")] (delete as appropriate) 
[subject to the following conditions: [specify]]. See further 
paragraph 7 of Part B below. 
 
 
378 
Delete for Securities with a denomination per Note or Unit Value per Certificate of EUR 100,000 or more. 
379 
Delete for Securities with a denomination per Note or Unit Value per Certificate of EUR 100,000 or more. 
380 
Delete for Securities with a denomination per Note or Unit Value per Certificate of EUR 100,000 or more. 
381 
Delete for Securities with a denomination per Note or Unit Value per Certificate of EUR 100,000 or more 
382 
Delete for Securities with a denomination per Note or Unit Value per Certificate of EUR 100,000 or more 
383 
Delete for Securities with a denomination per Note or Unit Value per Certificate of EUR 100,000 or more.

--- Page 843 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
843 
 
67. 
[Swiss Non-exempt Offer and 
Swiss Offer Period] 
[Insert in case of a public offer of Securities in 
Switzerland that is not made within an exemption from the 
requirement to publish a prospectus under the FinSA] 
[A public offer of the Securities that does not fall within 
an exemption from the requirement to publish a 
prospectus under the FinSA (a "Swiss Non-exempt 
Offer") may be made by [⚫] (the "Swiss Authorised 
Offeror") in Switzerland during the period from, and 
[including]/[excluding], 
[⚫] 
to, 
and 
[including]/[excluding], [⚫] (the "Swiss Offer Period") 
[subject to the following conditions: [specify]]. See further 
paragraph 7 of Part B below. 
The Issuer consents to the use of the Base Prospectus in 
connection with an offer of the Securities in Switzerland 
by the Swiss Authorised Offeror during the Swiss Offer 
Period, provided however, that the Base Prospectus is still 
valid according to Article 55 FinSA.] 
 
68. 
[Total 
commission 
and 
concession: 
[In connection with the offer and sale of the Securities, 
[the Issuer][Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc] will 
pay 
[name[s]] 
a 
[one 
time][recurring] 
[distribution]/[structuring] fee amount equal to [a 
maximum of] [⚫] [of the [Aggregate Nominal 
Amount][Number 
of 
Units]]/[specify 
amount]/[per 
annum/other]]/[No fees will be paid by the Issuer or 
Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc, directly or 
indirectly, in connection with any advised sale of 
Securities]]384 
 
United States Taxation 
This discussion is limited to the U.S. federal tax issues addressed below.  Additional issues may exist 
that are not addressed in this discussion and that could affect the federal tax treatment of an 
investment in the Securities.  Investors should seek their own advice based upon their particular 
circumstances from an independent tax advisor. 
 
A non-U.S. investor should review carefully the section entitled "United States Federal Taxation" in the 
Base Prospectus. 
385 [Withholding on "Other Income" Coupon Payments 
The following discussion applies to Securities issued by Morgan Stanley or MSFL that pay periodic 
coupons and provide for a payment at maturity or upon early settlement (other than the stated coupon) that 
is determined by reference to the performance of a Relevant Underlying and thus may be lower or higher 
than their issue price.  The U.S. federal tax treatment of the Securities is unclear due to the absence of 
statutory, judicial or administrative authorities that directly address the Securities or similar securities, and 
no ruling is being requested from the Internal Revenue Service ("IRS") with respect to the Securities. 
Significant aspects of the U.S. federal income tax consequences of an investment in the Securities are 
uncertain, and no assurance can be given that the IRS or a court will agree with the tax treatment described 
 
384 
Delete for Securities with a denomination per Note or Unit Value per Certificate of EUR 100,000 or more. 
385 Insert for "other income" Securities issued by MS or MSFL that pay periodic coupons and provide for a payment at maturity or early settlement based 
on the value of the underlying securities (and thus it is possible that the final payment could be significantly lower than the Note's issue price), 
excluding Securities that pay periodic coupons at a fixed rate with no possible upside payment at maturity or upon early settlement.

--- Page 844 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
844 
 
herein. Accordingly, investors should consult their tax adviser regarding the U.S. federal income tax 
consequences of an investment in the Securities (including possible alternative treatment thereof). 
A non-U.S. investor should expect that a withholding agent will treat any coupon payments as subject to 
U.S. federal withholding tax at a rate of 30 per cent., unless the non-U.S. investor establishes an exemption 
under the "other income" provision of a Qualifying Treaty (as defined below) or, to the extent that any 
portion of a coupon payment is treated as interest for U.S. federal income tax purposes, an exemption under 
the "portfolio interest exemption" rules as described below. 
 An income tax treaty between a non-U.S. jurisdiction and the United States is a "Qualifying Treaty" if it 
provides for a 0 per cent. rate of tax on "other income" earned by a resident of the non-U.S. jurisdiction 
from sources within the United States.  Accordingly, if a non-U.S. investor is a resident of a non-U.S. 
jurisdiction that qualifies for benefits under such a Qualifying Treaty, it should generally be eligible for an 
exemption under the "other income" provision referred to above if the non-U.S. investor complies with the 
certification requirement described in the section entitled "United States Federal Taxation—Tax Treatment 
of the Securities—Other Income Coupons" in the Base Prospectus.  However, because most income tax 
treaties contain complex eligibility rules and limitations, a non-U.S. investor should consult its tax advisor 
about its eligibility for this exemption.  To demonstrate eligibility for the "other income" exemption to the 
Issuer or an applicable withholding agent, a non-U.S. investor generally will be required to provide a 
properly completed Internal Revenue Service ("IRS") Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E certifying that it is 
not a U.S. person and that it is eligible for the benefits of the "other income" article of a Qualifying Treaty 
(or, if the non-U.S. investor holds its Securities through certain intermediaries, it may be permitted to 
provide alternative documentation in lieu of the appropriate Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E to establish that 
it is not a U.S. person and that it is eligible for the benefits of the "other income" article of a Qualifying 
Treaty) as discussed in the section entitled "United States Federal Taxation—Tax Treatment of the 
Securities—Other Income Coupons" in the Base Prospectus.  
Notwithstanding the discussion above, because the U.S. federal income tax treatment of the Securities is 
unclear, any coupon payments on such Securities could alternatively be treated in whole or part as payments 
of interest. Nonetheless, even if the coupon payments are treated in whole or in part as interest and thus not 
eligible for the "other income" exemption described above, under current law and administrative practice a 
non-U.S. investor may qualify for the "portfolio interest exemption" with respect to the coupon payments 
if the investor has timely provided certifications to establish that it is not a U.S. person and certain other 
conditions are met, as discussed in the section entitled "United States Federal Taxation—Tax Treatment of 
the Securities—Interest" in  the Base Prospectus. 
As described in "United States Federal Taxation" in the Base Prospectus, U.S. withholding may also be 
imposed in other circumstances, such as under FATCA, the U.S. backup withholding rules or Section 
871(m) of the Internal Revenue Code. 
If withholding is so required, the relevant Issuer will not be required to pay any additional amounts with 
respect to the amounts so withheld.] 
 
386[THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
(Relevant third party information) has been extracted from [⚫] (specify source). The Issuer confirms that 
such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from 
information published by [⚫], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information 
inaccurate or misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
By: 
 
386 
Insert if any third party information has been provided.

--- Page 845 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
845 
 
Duly authorised 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
69. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
 
 
Listing and admission to Trading: 
[Application [has been made/is expected to be made] 
by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Securities to be 
admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange's Regulated Market and to be listed on the 
official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange with 
effect from [⚫].]/[Application [has [also] been made/is 
[also] expected to be made] by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Securities to be admitted to listing 
and/or trading on [insert name of exchange] with effect 
from [⚫].] 
[No assurances can be given that such application for 
listing and/or admission to trading will be granted (or, 
if granted, will be granted by the Issue Date.][The 
Issuer has no duty to maintain the listing (if any) of the 
Securities on the relevant stock exchange(s) over their 
entire lifetime.]  
 
 
 
[Not Applicable.] 
 
 
 
[Where documenting a fungible issue, need to indicate 
that original Securities are already admitted to 
trading.] 
 
 
[Last day of Trading: 
[⚫]] 
 
 
[Estimate 
of 
total 
expenses 
related to admission to trading: 
[⚫]]387 
 
70. 
RATINGS 
 
Ratings: 
[The Securities to be issued have been rated: 
 
 
 
[S & P: [⚫]] 
 
 
 
[Moody's: [⚫]] 
 
 
 
[Fitch:  [⚫]] 
 
 
 
[[Other]: [⚫]] 
 
 
 
Option 1 
 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is established in the EEA and 
registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as 
amended (the "CRA Regulation"). 
 
 
387 
Delete for Securities with a denomination per Note or Unit Value per Certificate of less than EUR 100,000.

--- Page 846 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
846 
 
 
 
Option 2 
 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is not established in the EEA 
and is not registered under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009, as amended (the "CRA Regulation"). 
 
 
 
Option 3 
 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is not established in the EEA 
but the rating it has given to the Securities is endorsed 
by [insert legal name of credit rating agency], which 
is established in the EEA and registered under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the 
"CRA Regulation"). 
 
 
 
Option 4  
 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is not established in the EEA 
but is certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, 
as amended (the "CRA Regulation").]388 
 
 
 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of 
the ratings if this has previously been published by the 
rating provider.]389 
 
 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Securities of the type being issued under 
the Program generally or, where the issue has been 
specifically rated, that rating.) 
 
 
 
Option 5 
 
 
 
[The Securities will not be rated].] 
 
71. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE 
[ISSUE/OFFER] 
 
[Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material 
to the issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest.  May be 
satisfied by the inclusion of the following statement:] 
 
 
["So far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the offer of the Securities has an 
interest material to the offer".] OR 
[Specify material Conflicts] 
 
 
(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether the new 
matters described constitute a "significant new factor" and consequently trigger the need 
for a supplement to the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation) 
 
 
388 
Edit and delete options as appropriate for the relevant rating agency/agencies providing the rating(s). 
389 
Delete for Securities with a denomination per Note or Unit Value per Certificate of EUR 100,000 or more.

--- Page 847 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
847 
 
72. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS AND TOTAL EXPENSES 
[(i)] 
Reasons for the offer: 
[⚫] 
 
[(ii)] Estimated net proceeds: 
[⚫] 
 
 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use, will 
need to split out and present in order of priority.  If 
proceeds insufficient to fund all proposed uses state 
amount and sources of other funding.) 
 
[(iii)] Estimated total expenses: 
[⚫] 
 
 
[Include breakdown of expenses.] (If the Securities are 
derivative securities to which Annex 15 of Commission 
Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 applies it is only 
necessary to include disclosure of net proceeds and 
total expenses at (ii) and (iii) above where disclosure 
is included at (i) above.) 
 
73. 
Fixed Rate Securities only – YIELD 
Indication of yield:  
 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
74. 
Floating Rate Securities/Range accrual Securities/Barrier Securities only – HISTORIC 
INTEREST RATES 
Details of historic [EURIBOR/other] rates can be obtained from [Reuters]./[Not 
Applicable]390 
 
75. 
Linked Securities only – PERFORMANCE OF UNDERLYING[/EXPLANATION 
OF EFFECT ON VALUE OF INVESTMENT AND ASSOCIATED RISKS]391 AND 
OTHER INFORMATION CONCERNING THE UNDERLYING 
 
 
[Not Applicable]/[Need to include details of where past and future performance 
and volatility of the index/equity/formula/other variable can be obtained by 
electronic means and whether or not it can be obtained free of charge [and a clear 
and comprehensive explanation of how the value of the investment is affected by 
the underlying and the circumstances when the risks are most evident.] [Where 
the underlying is a Share or ETF Interest include name of issuer of such Share or 
ETF Interest and ISIN or other relevant identification number of such underlying.] 
[Where the underlying is a commodity or commodity index, include name of such 
commodity or commodity index, including for these purposes where the 
commodity index is published] [Where the underlying is an Index or Inflation 
Index need to include the name of the Index or Inflation Index and an indication 
of where to obtain information about the Index or Inflation Index, including for 
these purposes where the Index or Inflation Index is published][Where the 
underlying is a Futures Contract, include details of the asset underlying such 
contract.] 
[The value of the Securities is linked to the positive or negative performance of the 
[specify Underlying]. An increase in the [value]/[level] of the [specify 
Underlying] will have a [positive]/[negative] effect on the value of the Securities, 
and a decrease in the [value]/[level] of the [specify Underlying] will have a 
[positive]/[negative] effect on the value of the Securities.] 
 
 
390 
Not Applicable for Securities with a denomination per Note or Unit Value per Certificate of EUR 100,000 or more.  
391 
Delete for Securities with a denomination per Note or Unit Value per Certificate of EUR 100,000 or more.

--- Page 848 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
848 
 
[The [interest] [and] [redemption] amount[s] payable on the Securities [is/are] 
dependent on the value or performance of the Relevant Underlying 
[reaching]/[not reaching] a threshold or barrier and a small increase or decrease 
in the value or performance of the Relevant Underlying near to the threshold or 
barrier may lead to a significant increase or decrease in the return of the 
Securities[ and Securityholders] may receive no interest at all]. 
[The [interest] [and] [redemption] amount[s] payable on the Securities [is/are] 
linked to the value or performance of the Relevant Underlying as of one or more 
predefined dates and, irrespective of the level of the Relevant Underlying between 
these dates, the values or performance of the Relevant Underlying on these dates 
will affect the value of the Securities more than any other factor.] 
[The Final Redemption Amount payable on the Securities is linked to [a specified 
percentage of] the performance of the Relevant Underlying and Securityholders 
may not receive the amount initially invested, and may receive a significantly 
lesser amount [/subject to the minimum amount specified]. 
The market price or value of the Securities at any time is expected to be affected 
by changes in the value of the Relevant Underlying to which the Securities are 
linked. 
[The market price or value of the Securities could, in certain circumstances, be 
affected by fluctuations in the actual or anticipated rates of dividend (if any) or 
any other distributions on the Relevant Underlying.] 
[Determinations of amounts payable under the Securities are made by reference 
to the arithmetic mean of the values or performances of [all]/[the selected] Basket 
Components. The Basket Components are given different weightings. The higher 
the weighting applicable to a particular Basket Component, the more 
Securityholders will be exposed to the value or performance of that Basket 
Component in comparison with the remaining Basket Components.] 
 
(When completing this paragraph, consideration should be given as to whether such 
matters described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need 
for a supplement to the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation) 
 
 
The Issuer [intends to provide post-issuance information [specify what information will be 
reported and where it can be obtained]] [does not intend to provide post-issuance 
information].* 
 
76. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
ISIN Code: 
[⚫] 
 
 
Common Code: 
[⚫] 
 
 
SEDOL: 
[[⚫]/Not Applicable] 
 
 
CFI: 
[[⚫]/Not Applicable] 
 
 
FISN: 
[[⚫]/Not Applicable] 
 
 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. and 
Clearstream 
Banking 
société 
anonyme 
and 
the 
relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable]/[give [name(s)], [addresses of the 
clearing 
system(s)], 
[relevant 
identification 
number(s)] 
 
 
 
[Nordic Securities, specify relevant NCSD and Nordic 
Issuing Agent.

--- Page 849 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
849 
 
 
 
Finnish Securities:  Finnish CSD:  Euroclear Finland 
Oy, Urho Kekkosen katu 5 C, Box 1110, FI-00101 
Helsinki, Finland 
 
 
 
Swedish Securities:  Swedish CSD:  Euroclear Sweden 
AB, Klarabergsviadukten 63, Box 191, SE 101 23, 
Stockholm, Sweden 
 
 
 
Nordic Issuing Agent: [⚫],[⚫] [give relevant name and 
address] 
 
 
 
[Japan Securities Depositary Center, Inc. [insert 
address]] 
 
 
 
[other relevant clearing system, as applicable]: [⚫], [⚫
] 
[give relevant name and address] 
 
 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
 
Names and addresses of initial 
Paying Agent(s): 
[⚫] 
 
 
Names 
and 
addresses 
of 
additional Paying Agent(s) (if 
any): 
[⚫] 
 
 
Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[Yes][No] 
 
 
 
[Note that the designation "yes" simply means that the 
Securities are intended upon issue to be deposited with 
one of the ICSDs392 as common safekeeper [, and 
registered in the name of a nominee of one of the 
ICSDs acting as common safekeeper]393 [include this 
text for Registered Securities which are to be held 
under the NSS] and does not necessarily mean that the 
Securities will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at 
any or all times during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met.][include this text if 
"yes" selected] 
 
 
 
[Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the date 
of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria be amended in the future such that the 
Securities are capable of meeting them the Securities 
may then be deposited with one of the ICSDs as 
common safekeeper [, and registered in the name of a 
nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper] 
[include 
this 
text 
for 
Registered 
Securities].  Note that this does not necessarily mean 
that the Securities will then be recognised as eligible 
 
 
392 
International Central Securities Depositories. 
393 
To be included for Registered Securities

--- Page 850 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
850 
 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra 
day credit operations by the Eurosystem at any time 
during their life.  Such recognition will depend upon 
the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.][include this text if "no" 
selected] 
77. 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER 
 
Offer Price: 
[Issue Price] [specify] 
 
 
Conditions to which the offer is 
subject: 
[Not 
Applicable/Offers 
of 
the 
Securities 
are 
conditional upon their issue/give details] 
(Example: Offers of the Securities are conditional 
upon their issue. The Issuer has the right to withdraw 
the offering of the Securities and cancel the issuance 
of the Securities prior to the end of the subscription 
period for any reason. Reasons for the cancellation of 
the offer include, in particular: (i) adverse market 
conditions, as determined by the Issuer in its 
reasonable discretion (such as, for example, increased 
equity market volatility and increased currency 
exchange rate volatility) or (ii) that the number of 
applications received at that time is [insufficient, in the 
Issuer's opinion, to make an economically viable 
issuance][less than [•]].) 
 
 
Description of the application 
process: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
 
Description of possibility to 
reduce subscriptions and manner 
for refunding excess amount paid 
by applicants: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
 
Details of the minimum and/or 
maximum amount of application: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
 
Details of the method and time 
limited 
for 
paying up and 
delivering the Securities: 
[Not Applicable/The Securities will be issued on the 
Issue Date against payment to the Issuer of the net 
subscription moneys] 
 
 
Manner in and date on which 
results of the offer are to be made 
public: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
 
Procedure for exercise of any 
right 
of 
pre-emption, 
negotiability 
of 
subscription 
rights 
and 
treatment 
of 
subscription rights not exercised: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
 
Process 
for 
notification 
to 
applicants of the amount allotted 
and 
the 
indication 
whether 
dealing 
may 
begin 
before 
notification is made: 
[Not Applicable/give details]

--- Page 851 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
851 
 
 
Amount of any expenses and 
taxes specifically charged to the 
subscriber or purchaser: 
[Not Applicable]/[Estimated expenses charged to the 
investor by the relevant Issuer or the offeror are [⚫
].]/[No expenses will be charged by the Issuer to the 
investor, however a subscription charge of up to 
[specify amount] may be charged by the Authorised 
Offeror]/[Not applicable. There are no estimated 
expenses charged to the investor by the Issuer [or the 
Authorised Offeror]/[give details] 
 
 
Name(s) and address(es), to the 
extent known to the Issuer, of the 
placers in the various countries 
where the offer takes place. 
[None/give details] 
 
78. 
PLACING AND UNDERWRITING 
 
Name and address of the co-
ordinator(s) of the global offer 
and of single parts of the offer 
and, to the extend known to the 
issuer or to the offeror, of the 
placers in the various countries 
where the offer takes place: 
[⚫] 
 
 
Name and address of any paying 
agents and depository agents in 
each country: 
[⚫] 
 
 
Entities agreeing to underwrite 
the issue on a firm commitment 
basis, and entities agreeing to 
place the issue without a firm 
commitment 
or 
under 
"best 
efforts" agreements.  Where not 
all of the issue is underwritten, a 
statement of the portion not 
covered: 
[⚫] 
 
79. 
OTHER MARKETS 
 
All the regulated markets or 
equivalent markets on which, to 
the knowledge of the issuer, 
securities of the same class of 
securities to be offered or 
admitted to trading are already 
admitted to trading: 
[[⚫]/None]/[Not Applicable] 
 
80. 
POTENTIAL 
SECTION 
871(m) TRANSACTION 
[Not Applicable]/[The Issuer has determined that the 
Securities should not be subject to withholding under 
Section 871(m) of the Code[, and hereby instructs its 
agents and withholding agents that no such 
withholding is required, unless such agent or 
withholding agent knows or has reason to know 
otherwise].]/[The Issuer has determined that the 
Securities should not be subject to withholding under 
Section 871(m) of the Code because the Relevant 
Underlying is a "qualified index" under the applicable 
U.S. Treasury Regulations[, and hereby instructs its

--- Page 852 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
852 
 
agents and withholding agents that no such 
withholding is required, unless such agent or 
withholding agent knows or has reason to know 
otherwise].] /[The Securities are U.S. equity linked 
Securities subject to withholding under Section 
871(m) of the Code.] [For further information please 
[call [•]]/[visit our website at [•]]/[write to [•]].].]  
81. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]]  
[If the Securities do not constitute "packaged" 
products, "Not Applicable" should be specified. If the 
Securities may constitute "packaged" products and no 
"key information document" will be prepared, 
"Applicable" should be specified]  
 
82. 
Prohibition of Sales to UK 
Retail Investors: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]]  
[If the Securities do not constitute "packaged" 
products, "Not Applicable" should be specified. If the 
Securities may constitute "packaged" products and no 
"key information document" will be prepared, 
"Applicable" should be specified] 
 
83. 
Prohibition of Offer to Private 
Clients in Switzerland: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
84. 
Swiss 
withdrawal 
right 
pursuant to Article 63(5) of the 
Swiss 
Financial 
Services 
Ordinance: 
[Applicable: If an obligation to prepare a supplement 
to the Base Prospectus pursuant to Article 56(1) FinSA 
is triggered during the Swiss Offer Period, 
subscriptions / purchase orders may be withdrawn 
within two days of publication of the supplement]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(Specify as applicable in case of a Swiss public offer 
where a withdrawal right pursuant to Article 63 of the 
Swiss Financial Services Ordinance is granted) 
 
85. 
Details 
of 
benchmarks 
administrators and registration 
under the EU 
Benchmark 
Regulation: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
[[specify benchmark]394 is administered by [insert 
legal name of administrator], who as at the Issue Date, 
appears on the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority pursuant 
to Article 36 of the Benchmarks (Regulation (EU) 
2016/2011) 
(the 
"EU 
Benchmark 
Regulation").]/[[specify benchmark] is administered 
by [insert legal name of administrator], who as at the 
Issue Date, does not appear on the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmarks 
(Regulation (EU) 2016/2011) (the "EU Benchmark 
Regulation"). [As far as the Issuer is aware [insert 
legal name of administrator] is not required to be 
registered by virtue of Article 2 of the EU Benchmark 
Regulation.][As far as the Issuer is aware, the 
transitional provisions in Article 51 of the EU 
Benchmark Regulation apply, such that [insert legal 
 
 
394 
 An appropriate reference to the relevant benchmark should be included here pursuant to the type of Security.

--- Page 853 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
853 
 
name of administrator] is not currently required to 
obtain authorisation or registration (or if located 
outside the European Union, recognition, endorsement 
or equivalence).] 
(repeat as appropriate)395  
86. 
Details 
of 
benchmarks 
administrators and registration 
under the UK Benchmarks 
Regulation: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
[[specify benchmark]396 is administered by [insert 
legal name of administrator], who as at the Issue Date, 
appears on the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by the United 
Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority pursuant to 
Article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation (Regulation 
(EU) 2016/2011) as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA (the "UK Benchmark 
Regulations").]/[[specify benchmark] is administered 
by [insert legal name of administrator], who as at the 
Issue Date, does not appear on the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by the United Kingdom Financial Conduct 
Authority pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmarks 
Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/2011) as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK 
Benchmark Regulations"). [As far as the Issuer is 
aware [insert legal name of administrator] is not 
required to be registered by virtue of Article 2 of the 
UK Benchmark Regulations.][As far as the Issuer is 
aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the 
UK Benchmark Regulations apply, such that [insert 
legal name of administrator] is not currently required 
to obtain authorisation or registration (or if located 
outside the European Union, recognition, endorsement 
or equivalence).] 
(repeat as appropriate)397  
 
 
 
 
 
395 
 To the extent the Issue Terms apply to multiple benchmarks, repeat as appropriate.  
396 
 An appropriate reference to the relevant benchmark should be included here pursuant to the type of Security. 
397 
 To the extent the Issue Terms apply to multiple benchmarks, repeat as appropriate.

--- Page 854 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
854 
 
SCHEDULE 1  
(ADDITIONAL PROVISIONS FOR DETERMINATION OF FIXED INTEREST RATE)  
 
(a) Fixed Interest Rate: 
[⚫] per cent. per annum [payable [annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly/other (specify)] in arrear]/ 
[OR] 
 
 
 
Interest Period 
Fixed Interest Rate 
 
 
 
From (and including) the 
[Interest Commencement 
Date]/[Interest Payment 
Date] 
[falling 
on]/[scheduled to fall on] 
[⚫] to (but excluding) the 
Interest Payment Date 
[falling on]/[scheduled to 
fall 
on] 
[⚫] 
[(such 
scheduled 
Interest 
Payment Dates not being 
adjusted for any Business 
Day Convention)] (repeat 
as required) 
[⚫] per cent. per annum 
[payable [annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/month
ly/other 
(specify)] 
in 
arrear] (repeat as required) 
 
 
 
[OR] 
(for Swedish Securities, specify the following) 
 
 
 
Interest Period 
Fixed Interest Rate 
 
 
 
From (but excluding) the 
[Interest Commencement 
Date]/[Interest Payment 
Date] 
[falling 
on]/[scheduled to fall on] 
[⚫] to (and including) the 
Interest Payment Date 
[falling on]/[scheduled to 
fall 
on] 
[⚫] 
[(such 
scheduled 
Interest 
Payment Dates not being 
adjusted for any Business 
Day Convention)] (repeat 
as required) 
[⚫] per cent. per annum 
[payable [annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/month
ly/other 
(specify)] 
in 
arrear] (repeat as required) 
 
 
(b) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
[⚫] per Calculation Amount/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
[OR] 
 
 
 
Interest Period 
Fixed Coupon Amount 
 
 
 
From (and including) the 
[Interest Commencement 
Date]/[Interest Payment 
Date] 
[falling 
on]/[scheduled to fall on] 
[⚫] to (but excluding) the 
Interest Payment Date 
[⚫] 
per 
Calculation 
Amount/[Not Applicable] 
(repeat as required)

--- Page 855 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
855 
 
[falling on]/[scheduled to 
fall 
on] 
[⚫] 
[(such 
scheduled 
Interest 
Payment Dates not being 
adjusted for any Business 
Day Convention)] 
(repeat as required) 
 
 
[OR] 
 
 
 
(for Swedish Securities, specify the following) 
 
 
 
Interest Period 
Fixed Coupon Amount 
 
 
 
From (but excluding) the 
[Interest Commencement 
Date]/[Interest Payment 
Date] 
[falling 
on]/[scheduled to fall on] 
[⚫] to (and including) the 
Interest Payment Date 
[falling on]/[scheduled to 
fall 
on] 
[⚫] 
[(such 
scheduled 
Interest 
Payment Dates not being 
adjusted for any Business 
Day Convention)] 
(repeat as required) 
[⚫] 
per 
Calculation 
Amount/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(repeat as required) 
 
 
 
(c) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[⚫] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [⚫]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
[OR] 
 
 
 
Interest Payment 
Date(s) 
Broken Amount 
 
 
 
[⚫] 
(repeat as required) 
[⚫] 
per 
Calculation 
Amount/[Not Applicable] 
(repeat as required) 
 
 
(d) 
Day Count Fraction: 
 
[Actual/Actual 
ICMA)]/[Actual/Actual]/[Actual/Actual 
(ISDA)]/[Actual/365 
Fixed)]/[Actual/365L]/[Actual/360]/[30/360]/[30/360 
(ICMA)]/[30/360 
(ISDA)]/[360/360]/[Bond 
Basis]/[30E/360]/[Eurobond 
Basis]/[30E/360 
(ISDA)]/[1/1]

--- Page 856 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
856 
 
SCHEDULE 2 
(ADDITIONAL PROVISIONS FOR DETERMINATION OF FLOATING INTEREST RATE)  
 
(a) 
Screen 
Rate 
Determination: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
• 
Reference Rate: 
[⚫] 
 
• 
Provisions 
specific 
to 
SOFR as Reference Rate - 
SOFR 
Benchmark 
(General Condition 6.8): 
[Not Applicable] 
[SOFR Compound with Lookback 
Lookback Days: [⚫] U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days] 
[SOFR Compound with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Shift Days: [⚫] U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days] 
[SOFR Compound with Payment Delay 
[Interest Payment Delay: [⚫] U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days]] 
[SOFR Index Average 
SOFR IndexStart: [⚫] U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days preceding the first date of the relevant 
Interest Period 
SOFR IndexEnd: [⚫] U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days preceding the Interest Period End Date 
relating to the relevant Interest Period 
Observation Shift Days: [⚫] U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days] 
 
• 
Provisions 
specific 
to 
SONIA as Reference Rate 
– 
SONIA 
Benchmark 
(General Condition 6.9): 
[Not Applicable] 
[SONIA Compound with Lookback 
Lookback Days: [⚫] London Banking Days] 
[SONIA Compound with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Shift Days: [⚫] London Banking Days] 
[SONIA Compound with Payment Delay 
[SONIA Rate Cut-Off Date: [⚫] London Banking 
Days] 
[Interest Payment Delay: [⚫] London Banking Days]] 
[SONIA Index Average 
Relevant Number: [⚫] 
[Observation Shift Days: [⚫] London Banking Days]] 
 
• 
Provisions 
specific 
to 
€STR as Reference Rate – 
€STR Benchmark (General 
Condition 6.10): 
[€STR Compound with Lookback 
Lookback Days: [⚫] TARGET Settlement Days] 
[€STR Compound with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Shift Days: [⚫] TARGET Settlement 
Days]

--- Page 857 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
857 
 
[€STR Compound with Payment Delay 
[€STR Rate Cut-Off Date: [⚫] TARGET Settlement 
Days] 
[Interest Payment Delay: [⚫] TARGET Settlement 
Days]]  
[€STR Index Average 
Relevant Number: [⚫] 
[Observation Shift Days: [⚫] TARGET Settlement 
Days]] 
 
• 
Provisions 
specific 
to 
SARON as Reference Rate 
– 
SARON 
Benchmark 
(General Condition 6.11): 
[SARON Compound with Lookback 
Lookback Days: [⚫] Zurich Banking Days] 
[SARON Compound with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Shift Days: [⚫] Zurich Banking Days] 
[SARON Compound with Payment Delay 
[SARON Rate Cut-Off Date: [⚫] Zurich Banking 
Days] 
[Interest Payment Delay: [⚫] Zurich Banking Days]]  
[SAION Index Average 
Relevant Number: [⚫] 
[Observation Shift Days: [⚫] Zurich Banking Days]] 
 
• 
Provisions 
specific 
to 
TONA as Reference Rate – 
TONA 
Benchmark 
(General Condition 6.12): 
[TONA Compound with Lookback 
Lookback Days: [⚫] Tokyo Banking Days] 
[TONA Compound with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Shift Days: [⚫] Tokyo Banking Days] 
[TONA Compound with Payment Delay 
[TONA Rate Cut-Off Date: [⚫] Tokyo Banking Days] 
[Interest Payment Delay: [⚫] Tokyo Banking Days]]  
[TONA Index Average 
Relevant Number: [⚫] 
[Observation Shift Days: [⚫] Tokyo Banking Days]] 
 
• 
Designated Maturity: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[Periodic Rate Determination is applicable. The Interest 
Determination Date(s) [is/are]: [⚫]/[the first day of each 
Interest Period]/[the second TARGET Settlement Day prior 
to the start of each Interest Period]]/[Daily Rate 
Determination is applicable] 
 
• 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[⚫] 
 
• 
Margin: 
[[+/-][⚫] per cent. per annum]/[As specified in the Rate Table 
below] 
 
• 
Interest Participation Rate: 
[⚫]/[As specified in the Rate Table below]

--- Page 858 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
858 
 
 
• 
[Rate Table:] 
Rate Table 
 
 
Interest 
Payment 
Date(s) 
Margin 
Interest 
Participation Rate 
 
 
[⚫] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[[+/-][⚫] per cent. 
per annum] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[⚫] 
(repeat as 
required) 
 
• 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[[Not Applicable]/[⚫] per cent. per annum]/[A percentage 
rate to be determined by the Determination Agent before the 
Issue Date and notified to the Securityholders not more than 
15 Business Days thereafter by publication on [⚫] (insert 
website address), provided that such percentage rate shall be 
[not less than [⚫] per cent.] [and] [not greater than [⚫] per 
cent.]]  
 
• 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[[Not Applicable]/[⚫] per cent. per annum]/[A percentage 
rate to be determined by the Determination Agent before the 
Issue Date and notified to the Securityholders not more than 
15 Business Days thereafter by publication on [⚫] (insert 
website address), provided that such percentage rate shall be 
[not less than [⚫] per cent.] [and] [not greater than [⚫] per 
cent.]]  
 
(b) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (if Not Applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
• 
Floating Rate Option: 
[⚫] 
 
• 
Designated Maturity: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] (Only applicable where the Floating 
Rate Option is not an overnight rate) 
 
• 
Reset Date: 
[⚫] 
 
• 
Overnight Floating Rate 
Option: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Index 
Floating 
Rate 
Option: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Overnight 
Rate 
Compounding Method: 
[Not Applicable] (Specify as Not Applicable if Averaging 
applies) 
[OIS Compounding 
[Daily Capped Rate and/or Daily Floored Rate: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Daily Capped Rate: [●]] 
[Daily Floored Rate: [●]]] 
[Compounding with Lookback 
[Lookback: [●] Applicable Business Days] 
[Daily Capped Rate and/or Daily Floored Rate: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]]

--- Page 859 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
859 
 
[Daily Capped Rate: [●]] 
[Daily Floored Rate: [●]]] 
[Compounding with Observation Period Shift 
Set-in-Advance: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
[Observation Period Shift: [●] Observation Period 
Shift Business Days] 
[Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[●]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Daily Capped Rate and/or Daily Floored Rate: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Daily Capped Rate: [●]] 
[Daily Floored Rate: [●]]] 
[Compounding with Lockout 
[Lockout: [●] Lockout Period Business Days] 
[Lockout Period Business Days: [●]/[Applicable 
Business Days]] 
[Daily Capped Rate and/or Daily Floored Rate: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Daily Capped Rate: [●]] 
[Daily Floored Rate: [●]]] 
[Applicable, as per the Floating Rate Matrix (as defined in 
the ISDA Definitions)] (Only applicable where the 2021 
ISDA Definitions apply) 
 
• 
Overnight Rate Averaging 
Method: 
[Not Applicable] (Specify as Not Applicable if Compounding 
applies) 
[Overnight Averaging 
[Daily Capped Rate and/or Daily Floored Rate: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Daily Capped Rate: [●]] 
[Daily Floored Rate: [●]]] 
[Averaging with Lookback 
[Lookback: [●] Applicable Business Days] 
[Daily Capped Rate and/or Daily Floored Rate: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Daily Capped Rate: [●]] 
[Daily Floored Rate: [●]]] 
[Averaging with Observation Period Shift 
Set-in-Advance: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
[Observation Period Shift: [●] Observation Period 
Shift Business Days] 
[Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[●]/[Not Applicable]]

--- Page 860 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
860 
 
[Daily Capped Rate and/or Daily Floored Rate: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Daily Capped Rate: [●]] 
[Daily Floored Rate: [●]]] 
[Averaging with Lockout 
[Lockout: [●] Lockout Period Business Days] 
[Lockout Period Business Days: [●]/[Applicable 
Business Days]] 
[Daily Capped Rate and/or Daily Floored Rate: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Daily Capped Rate: [●]] 
[Daily Floored Rate: [●]]] 
[Applicable, as per the Floating Rate Matrix (as defined in 
the ISDA Definitions)] (Only applicable where the 2021 
ISDA Definitions apply) 
 
• 
Index Method: 
[Not Applicable] 
[Standard Index Method] (Only applicable where the 2021 
ISDA Definitions apply) 
[Compounded Index Method] 
[Compounded Index Method with Observation Period Shift 
Set-in-Advance: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
[Observation Period Shift: [●] Observation Period 
Shift Business Days] 
[Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[●]/[Not Applicable]]] 
 
• 
Delayed Payment: 
[Applicable, with the specified number of days being [●] 
Business Days]/[Not Applicable] 
 
• 
[2006 ISDA Definitions 
Linear Interpolation 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] (Only include where the 2006 
ISDA Definitions apply) 
 
• 
[2021 ISDA Definitions 
Linear Interpolation 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] (Only include where the 2021 
ISDA Definitions apply) 
 
• 
[Unscheduled Holiday: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] (Only include where the 2021 
ISDA Definitions apply) 
 
• 
[Period 
End 
Date/Termination 
Date 
adjustment 
for 
Unscheduled Holiday: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] (Only include where the 2021 
ISDA Definitions apply) 
 
• 
[Non-Representative: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] (Only include where the 2021 
ISDA Definitions apply) 
 
• 
[Successor Benchmark: 
[⚫]  
Successor Benchmark Effective Date: [⚫]]  
(Only include where the 2021 ISDA Definitions apply)

--- Page 861 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
861 
 
 
• 
If 
ISDA 
Determination 
applies, ISDA Bespoke 
Fallbacks 
to 
apply 
in 
priority to other fallbacks 
in General Condition 6.20: 
[Yes]/[No] 
 
• 
Margin: 
[[+/-][⚫] per cent. per annum]/[As specified in the Rate Table 
below] 
 
• 
Interest Participation Rate: 
[⚫]/[As specified in the Rate Table below] 
 
• 
[Rate Table:] 
Rate Table 
Interest 
Payment 
Date(s) 
Margin 
Interest 
Participation Rate 
[⚫] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[[+/-][⚫] per cent. 
per annum] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[⚫] 
(repeat as 
required) 
 
• 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[[Not Applicable]/[⚫] per cent. per annum]/[A percentage 
rate to be determined by the Determination Agent before the 
Issue Date and notified to the Securityholders not more than 
15 Business Days thereafter by publication on [⚫] (insert 
website address), provided that such percentage rate shall be 
[not less than [⚫] per cent.] [and] [not greater than [⚫] per 
cent.]]  
 
• 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[[Not Applicable]/[⚫] per cent. per annum]/[A percentage 
rate to be determined by the Determination Agent before the 
Issue Date and notified to the Securityholders not more than 
15 Business Days thereafter by publication on [⚫] (insert 
website address), provided that such percentage rate shall be 
[not less than [⚫] per cent.] [and] [not greater than [⚫] per 
cent.]]  
 
(c) 
CMS Rate Determination: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (if Not Applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
• 
CMS Interest Rate: 
[Single CMS Rate] [Spread CMS Rate] 
 
 
[CMS Reference Rate [1]] 
(If CMS Interest Rate is 
"Spread CMS Rate", insert 
this column and heading 
"CMS Reference Rate 1") 
[CMS Reference Rate 2] (If 
CMS Interest Rate is "Spread 
CMS Rate", insert this column 
and heading "CMS Reference 
Rate 2") 
 
• 
Specified Swap Rate: 
[the swap rate/ mid-level 
swap 
rate/annual 
swap 
rate/semi-annual 
swap 
rate/quarterly 
swap 
rate/quarterly-annual swap 
rate/quarterly-quarterly 
swap rate] 
[the swap rate/ mid-level swap 
rate/annual swap rate/semi-
annual 
swap 
rate/quarterly 
swap 
rate/quarterly-annual 
swap 
rate/quarterly-quarterly 
swap rate] 
 
• 
Reference Currency: 
[⚫] 
[⚫]

--- Page 862 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
862 
 
 
• 
Designated Maturity: 
[⚫][month[s]/year[s]] 
[⚫][month[s]/year[s]] 
 
• 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
 
• 
Relevant Time: 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
 
• 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[Periodic 
Rate 
Determination 
is 
applicable. The Interest 
Determination 
Date(s) 
[is/are]: [⚫]/[the first day 
of 
each 
Interest 
Period]/[the 
second 
TARGET Settlement Day 
prior to the start of each 
Interest 
Period]]/[Daily 
Rate 
Determination 
is 
applicable] 
[Periodic Rate Determination 
is applicable. The Interest 
Determination Date(s) [is/are]: 
[⚫]/[the first day of each 
Interest Period]/[the second 
TARGET Settlement Day prior 
to the start of each Interest 
Period]]/[Daily 
Rate 
Determination is applicable] 
 
• 
Fallback 
Rate 
Determination: 
[Determination 
Agent 
Fallback: Applicable - to 
be 
applied 
first/second/third]/[Not 
Applicable] 
Fallback 
Screen 
Page: 
Applicable - to be applied 
first/second/third]/[Not 
Applicable] 
Mid-Market 
Quotations: 
Applicable - to be applied 
first/second/third]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[Reference Banks: [⚫]] 
[Determination 
Agent 
Fallback: Applicable - to be 
applied first/second/third]/[Not 
Applicable] 
Fallback 
Screen 
Page: 
Applicable - to be applied 
first/second/third]/[Not 
Applicable] 
Mid-Market 
Quotations: 
Applicable - to be applied 
first/second/third]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[Reference Banks: [⚫]] 
 
• 
Specified Fixed Leg (for 
determination 
of 
Mid-
Market 
Quotations 
if 
specified to be applicable): 
[annual fixed leg/semi-
annual fixed leg/quarterly-
annual fixed leg/quarterly-
quarterly fixed leg] 
[annual fixed leg/semi-annual 
fixed 
leg/quarterly-annual 
fixed 
leg/quarterly-quarterly 
fixed leg] 
 
• 
Fixed Leg Day Count 
Basis: 
[Actual/Actual 
ICMA)]/[Actual/Actual]/[
Actual/Actual 
(ISDA)]/[Actual/365 
Fixed)]/[Actual/365L]/[A
ctual/360]/[30/360]/[30/36
0 
(ICMA)]/[30/360 
(ISDA)]/[360/360]/[Bond 
Basis]/[30E/360]/[Eurobo
nd 
Basis]/[30E/360 
(ISDA)]/[1/1] 
[Actual/Actual 
ICMA)]/[Actual/Actual]/[Actu
al/Actual (ISDA)]/[Actual/365 
Fixed)]/[Actual/365L]/[Actual
/360]/[30/360]/[30/360 
(ICMA)]/[30/360 
(ISDA)]/[360/360]/[Bond 
Basis]/[30E/360]/[Eurobond 
Basis]/[30E/360 (ISDA)]/[1/1] 
 
• 
Floating Leg Day Count 
Basis: 
[Actual/Actual 
ICMA)]/[Actual/Actual]/[
Actual/Actual 
(ISDA)]/[Actual/365 
Fixed)]/[Actual/365L]/[A
ctual/360]/[30/360]/[30/36
0 
(ICMA)]/[30/360 
[Actual/Actual 
ICMA)]/[Actual/Actual]/[Actu
al/Actual (ISDA)]/[Actual/365 
Fixed)]/[Actual/365L]/[Actual
/360]/[30/360]/[30/360 
(ICMA)]/[30/360 
(ISDA)]/[360/360]/[Bond

--- Page 863 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
863 
 
(ISDA)]/[360/360]/[Bond 
Basis]/[30E/360]/[Eurobo
nd 
Basis]/[30E/360 
(ISDA)]/[1/1] 
Basis]/[30E/360]/[Eurobond 
Basis]/[30E/360 (ISDA)]/[1/1] 
 
• 
Floating Leg Rate Option: 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
 
• 
Margin 
[1]: 
(If 
CMS 
Interest Rate is "Spread 
CMS Rate", insert "Margin 
1") 
[⚫]/[As specified in the Rate Table below] 
 
• 
Margin 2: 
[⚫]/[As specified in the Rate Table below] (Specify "Margin 
2" if CMS Interest Rate is "Spread CMS Rate", otherwise, 
delete this paragraph) 
 
• 
Interest Participation Rate 
[1]: (If CMS Interest Rate is 
"Spread CMS Rate", insert 
"Interest 
Participation 
Rate 1") 
[⚫]/[As specified in the Rate Table below] 
 
• 
Interest Participation Rate 
2:  
[⚫]/[As specified in the Rate Table below] (Specify "Interest 
Participation Rate 2" if CMS Interest Rate is "Spread CMS 
Rate", otherwise delete this paragraph) 
 
• 
[Rate Table:] 
Rate Table 
 
 
Interest 
Payment 
Date 
[Margin 
[1]] 
[Margin 2] 
[Interest 
Participati
on 
Rate 
[1]] 
[Interest 
Participatio
n Rate 2] 
[⚫] 
(repeat 
as 
required) 
[⚫] 
(repeat 
as 
required) 
[⚫] 
(repeat 
as 
required) 
[⚫] 
(repeat 
as 
required) 
[⚫] 
(repeat 
as 
required) 
 
• 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[[Not Applicable]/[⚫] per cent. per annum]/[A percentage 
rate to be determined by the Determination Agent before the 
Issue Date and notified to the Securityholders not more than 
15 Business Days thereafter by publication on [⚫] (insert 
website address), provided that such percentage rate shall be 
[not less than [⚫] per cent.] [and] [not greater than [⚫] per 
cent.]]  
 
• 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[[Not Applicable]/[⚫] per cent. per annum]/[A percentage 
rate to be determined by the Determination Agent before the 
Issue Date and notified to the Securityholders not more than 
15 Business Days thereafter by publication on [⚫] (insert 
website address), provided that such percentage rate shall be 
[not less than [⚫] per cent.] [and] [not greater than [⚫] per 
cent.]]  
 
(d) 
Linear Interpolation: 
(General Condition 6.4) 
[Applicable in respect of the Interest Period: (repeat 
applicable Interest Periods)]/ 
[Not Applicable] 
 
(e) 
Day Count Fraction: 
 
[Actual/Actual 
ICMA)]/[Actual/Actual]/[Actual/Actual 
(ISDA)]/[Actual/365 
Fixed)]/[Actual/365L]/[Actual/360]/[30/360]/[30/360

--- Page 864 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
864 
 
(ICMA)]/[30/360 
(ISDA)]/[360/360]/[Bond 
Basis]/[30E/360]/[Eurobond Basis]/[30E/360 (ISDA)]/[1/1]

--- Page 865 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
865 
 
ISSUE-SPECIFIC SUMMARY OF THE SECURITIES 
[Insert]

--- Page 866 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
866 
 
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR SECURITIES OTHER THAN PREFERENCE 
SHARE-LINKED SECURITIES 
 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS: 
THE SECURITIES ARE NOT INTENDED TO BE OFFERED, SOLD OR OTHERWISE MADE 
AVAILABLE TO AND SHOULD NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD OR OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE 
TO ANY RETAIL INVESTOR IN THE EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA (THE "EEA"). FOR THESE 
PURPOSES, A RETAIL INVESTOR MEANS A PERSON WHO IS ONE (OR MORE) OF:  
(A) 
A RETAIL CLIENT AS DEFINED IN POINT (11) OF ARTICLE 4(1) OF DIRECTIVE 
2014/65/EU (AS AMENDED, "MIFID II"); 
(B) 
A CUSTOMER WITHIN THE MEANING OF DIRECTIVE (EU) 2016/97, WHERE THAT 
CUSTOMER WOULD NOT QUALIFY AS A PROFESSIONAL CLIENT AS DEFINED IN 
POINT (10) OF ARTICLE 4(1) OF MIFID II; OR 
(C) 
NOT A QUALIFIED INVESTOR AS DEFINED IN REGULATION (EU) 2017/1129 (AS 
AMENDED, THE "PROSPECTUS REGULATION"). 
CONSEQUENTLY NO KEY INFORMATION DOCUMENT REQUIRED BY REGULATION (EU) NO 
1286/2014 (AS AMENDED, THE "PRIIPS REGULATION") FOR OFFERING OR SELLING THE 
SECURITIES OR OTHERWISE MAKING THEM AVAILABLE TO RETAIL INVESTORS IN THE 
EEA HAS BEEN PREPARED AND THEREFORE OFFERING OR SELLING THE SECURITIES OR 
OTHERWISE MAKING THEM AVAILABLE TO ANY RETAIL INVESTOR IN THE EEA MAY BE 
UNLAWFUL UNDER THE PRIIPS REGULATION.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS: 
THE SECURITIES ARE NOT INTENDED TO BE OFFERED, SOLD OR OTHERWISE MADE 
AVAILABLE TO AND SHOULD NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD OR OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE 
TO ANY RETAIL INVESTOR IN THE UNITED KINGDOM (THE "UK"). FOR THESE PURPOSES, 
A RETAIL INVESTOR MEANS A PERSON WHO IS ONE (OR MORE) OF: 
 (A) 
A RETAIL CLIENT AS DEFINED IN POINT (8) OF ARTICLE 2 OF REGULATION (EU) NO 
2017/565 AS IT FORMS PART OF "RETAINED EU LAW", AS DEFINED IN THE 
EUROPEAN UNION (WITHDRAWAL) ACT 2018 ("EUWA"); 
 (B) 
A CUSTOMER WITHIN THE MEANING OF THE PROVISIONS OF THE FINANCIAL 
SERVICES AND MARKETS ACT 2000 ("FSMA") AND ANY RULES OR REGULATIONS 
MADE UNDER THE FSMA TO IMPLEMENT DIRECTIVE (EU) 2016/97, WHERE THAT 
CUSTOMER WOULD NOT QUALIFY AS A PROFESSIONAL CLIENT AS DEFINED IN 
POINT (8) OF ARTICLE 2(1) OF REGULATION (EU) NO 600/2014 AS IT FORMS PART OF 
"RETAINED EU LAW", AS DEFINED IN THE EUWA; OR 
(C) 
NOT A QUALIFIED INVESTOR AS DEFINED IN ARTICLE 2 OF REGULATION (EU) 
2017/1129 AS IT FORMS PART OF "RETAINED EU LAW", AS DEFINED IN THE EUWA. 
CONSEQUENTLY NO KEY INFORMATION DOCUMENT REQUIRED BY REGULATION (EU) NO 
1286/2014 AS IT FORMS PART OF "RETAINED EU LAW", AS DEFINED IN THE EUWA (THE "UK 
PRIIPS REGULATION") FOR OFFERING OR SELLING THE SECURITIES OR OTHERWISE 
MAKING THEM AVAILABLE TO RETAIL INVESTORS IN THE UK HAS BEEN PREPARED AND 
THEREFORE OFFERING OR SELLING THE SECURITIES OR OTHERWISE MAKING THEM 
AVAILABLE TO ANY RETAIL INVESTOR IN THE UK MAY BE UNLAWFUL UNDER THE UK 
PRIIPS REGULATION.] 
[MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE/PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY 
TARGET MARKET: 
SOLELY FOR THE PURPOSES OF THE MANUFACTURER'S PRODUCT APPROVAL PROCESS, 
THE TARGET MARKET ASSESSMENT IN RESPECT OF THE SECURITIES HAS LED TO THE 
CONCLUSION THAT:

--- Page 867 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
867 
 
(A) 
THE TARGET MARKET FOR THE SECURITIES IS ELIGIBLE COUNTERPARTIES AND 
PROFESSIONAL CLIENTS ONLY, EACH AS DEFINED IN [DIRECTIVE 2014/65/EU (AS 
AMENDED, "MIFID II"][MIFID II]; AND  
(B) 
ALL CHANNELS FOR DISTRIBUTION OF THE SECURITIES TO ELIGIBLE 
COUNTERPARTIES AND PROFESSIONAL CLIENTS ARE APPROPRIATE. 
ANY PERSON SUBSEQUENTLY OFFERING, SELLING OR RECOMMENDING THE SECURITIES 
(A "DISTRIBUTOR") SHOULD TAKE INTO CONSIDERATION THE MANUFACTURER'S 
TARGET MARKET ASSESSMENT; HOWEVER, A DISTRIBUTOR SUBJECT TO MIFID II IS 
RESPONSIBLE FOR UNDERTAKING ITS OWN TARGET MARKET ASSESSMENT IN RESPECT 
OF THE SECURITIES (BY EITHER ADOPTING OR REFINING THE MANUFACTURER'S TARGET 
MARKET ASSESSMENT) AND DETERMINING APPROPRIATE DISTRIBUTION CHANNELS.] 
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE/PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY 
TARGET MARKET: 
SOLELY FOR THE PURPOSES OF THE MANUFACTURER'S PRODUCT APPROVAL PROCESS, 
THE TARGET MARKET ASSESSMENT IN RESPECT OF THE SECURITIES HAS LED TO THE 
CONCLUSION THAT:  
(A)  
THE TARGET MARKET FOR THE SECURITIES IS ONLY ELIGIBLE COUNTERPARTIES, 
AS DEFINED IN THE FCA HANDBOOK CONDUCT OF BUSINESS SOURCEBOOK 
("COBS"), AND PROFESSIONAL CLIENTS, AS DEFINED IN REGULATION (EU) NO 
600/2014 AS IT FORMS PART OF "RETAINED EU LAW", AS DEFINED IN THE 
EUROPEAN UNION (WITHDRAWAL) ACT 2018 ("EUWA") ("UK MIFIR"); AND  
(B)  
ALL CHANNELS FOR DISTRIBUTION OF THE SECURITIES TO ELIGIBLE 
COUNTERPARTIES AND PROFESSIONAL CLIENTS ARE APPROPRIATE.  
ANY [PERSON SUBSEQUENTLY OFFERING, SELLING OR RECOMMENDING THE SECURITIES 
(A 
"DISTRIBUTOR")]/[DISTRIBUTOR] 
SHOULD 
TAKE INTO CONSIDERATION THE 
MANUFACTURERS' TARGET MARKET ASSESSMENT; HOWEVER, A DISTRIBUTOR SUBJECT 
TO THE FCA HANDBOOK PRODUCT INTERVENTION AND PRODUCT GOVERNANCE 
SOURCEBOOK (THE "UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE RULES") IS RESPONSIBLE FOR 
UNDERTAKING ITS OWN TARGET MARKET ASSESSMENT IN RESPECT OF THE SECURITIES 
(BY EITHER ADOPTING OR REFINING THE MANUFACTURERS' TARGET MARKET 
ASSESSMENT) AND DETERMINING APPROPRIATE DISTRIBUTION CHANNELS.]

--- Page 868 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 2 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
868 
 
[These Securities are Other Income Securities]1 
Pricing Supplement dated [⚫] 
[MORGAN STANLEY]/[MORGAN STANLEY & CO, INTERNATIONAL plc]/[MORGAN STANLEY 
B.V.]/[MORGAN STANLEY FINANCE LLC] 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): [IGJSJL3JD5P30I6NJZ34]2/[ 4PQUHN3JPFGFNF3BB653]3/[ 
KG1FTTDCK4KNVM3OHB52]4/[ 5493003FCPSE9RKT4B56]5 
Issue of [[Aggregate Nominal Amount] [Number of Units] of Tranche] [Title of Securities] 
[Guaranteed by Morgan Stanley] 
under the Regulation S Program for the Issuance of Notes and Certificates, Series A and Series B, and 
Warrants 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
This document constitutes a Pricing Supplement relating to the issue of Securities described herein.   
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions of 
the Securities set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 15 July 2022 [and the supplement[s] dated [⚫][,[⚫] … 
[⚫]] to the Base Prospectus] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus"). This 
document must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus [as so supplemented].  Full information on 
the Issuer[, the Guarantor] and the offer of the Securities is only available on the basis of the combination 
of this Pricing Supplement and the Base Prospectus. [However, a summary of the Issue is annexed to this 
Pricing Supplement.]6 Copies of the Base Prospectus [and any supplement(s) thereto] are available from 
the offices of Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc at 25 Cabot Square, Canary Wharf, London, E14 
4QA [and on the Issuers' website at http://sp.morganstanley.com/EU/Documents] and copies of the Base 
Prospectus [and any supplement(s) thereto] and this Pricing Supplement are available on the website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange at www.bourse.lu.] 
This Pricing Supplement does not constitute final terms for the purposes of Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation") or the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of "retained EU 
law" as defined in the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK Prospectus Regulation"). The 
Issuer is not offering the Securities in any jurisdiction in circumstances which would require a prospectus 
pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation. Nor is any person authorised to make such an offer of the Securities 
on behalf of the Issuer nor any Dealer in any jurisdiction. In addition, no application has been made (nor is 
it proposed that any application will be made) for listing the Securities on a regulated market for the 
purposes of the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive (Directive 2014/65/EU, as may be amended or 
replaced from time to time) or Article 2(1)(13A) of Regulation (EU) 600/2014 as it forms part of "retained 
EU law" as defined in the the EUWA. 
(If the Securities reference a Proprietary Index then consideration should be given as to whether with any 
additional disclosure or risk factors are required to be included (or cross-referred to) in the Pricing 
Supplement.) 
[(Include whichever of paragraphs 1 to 54 of Part A, the sections titled "United States Taxation", "Potential 
Section 871(m) transaction", "Third Party Information" and paragraphs 1 to 12 of Part B of the "Pro 
Forma Final Terms for Securities other than Preference Share-Linked Securities" apply or specify as "Not 
Applicable".  Note that the numbering should remain as set out therein, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated 
for individual paragraphs or sub-paragraphs. Italics denote guidance for completing the Pricing 
Supplement)
 
 
1 
Insert if Morgan Stanley Finance LLC is the Issuer and the Securities are classified as Other Income Securities. 
  
2 
Insert if Morgan Stanley is the Issuer. 
3 
Insert if Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc is the Issuer. 
4 
Insert if Morgan Stanley B.V. is the Issuer. 
5 
Insert if Morgan Stanley Finance LLC is the Issuer. 
6 
Insert if Securities are (i) Certificates or (ii) Notes with denominations lower than EUR 100,000.

--- Page 869 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 3 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
869 
 
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS FOR PREFERENCE SHARE-LINKED SECURITIES 
 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS: 
THE SECURITIES ARE NOT INTENDED TO BE OFFERED, SOLD OR OTHERWISE MADE 
AVAILABLE TO AND SHOULD NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD OR OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE 
TO ANY RETAIL INVESTOR IN THE EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA (THE "EEA"). FOR THESE 
PURPOSES, A RETAIL INVESTOR MEANS A PERSON WHO IS ONE (OR MORE) OF:  
(A) 
A RETAIL CLIENT AS DEFINED IN POINT (11) OF ARTICLE 4(1) OF DIRECTIVE 
2014/65/EU (AS AMENDED, "MIFID II"); 
(B) 
A CUSTOMER WITHIN THE MEANING OF DIRECTIVE (EU) 2016/97, WHERE THAT 
CUSTOMER WOULD NOT QUALIFY AS A PROFESSIONAL CLIENT AS DEFINED IN 
POINT (10) OF ARTICLE 4(1) OF MIFID II; OR 
(C) 
NOT A QUALIFIED INVESTOR AS DEFINED IN REGULATION (EU) 2017/1129 (AS 
AMENDED, THE "PROSPECTUS REGULATION"). 
CONSEQUENTLY NO KEY INFORMATION DOCUMENT REQUIRED BY REGULATION (EU) NO 
1286/2014 (AS AMENDED, THE "PRIIPS REGULATION") FOR OFFERING OR SELLING THE 
SECURITIES OR OTHERWISE MAKING THEM AVAILABLE TO RETAIL INVESTORS IN THE 
EEA HAS BEEN PREPARED AND THEREFORE OFFERING OR SELLING THE SECURITIES OR 
OTHERWISE MAKING THEM AVAILABLE TO ANY RETAIL INVESTOR IN THE EEA MAY BE 
UNLAWFUL UNDER THE PRIIPS REGULATION.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS: 
THE SECURITIES ARE NOT INTENDED TO BE OFFERED, SOLD OR OTHERWISE MADE 
AVAILABLE TO AND SHOULD NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD OR OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE 
TO ANY RETAIL INVESTOR IN THE UNITED KINGDOM (THE "UK"). FOR THESE PURPOSES, 
A RETAIL INVESTOR MEANS A PERSON WHO IS ONE (OR MORE) OF: 
 (A) 
A RETAIL CLIENT AS DEFINED IN POINT (8) OF ARTICLE 2 OF REGULATION (EU) NO 
2017/565 AS IT FORMS PART OF "RETAINED EU LAW", AS DEFINED IN THE 
EUROPEAN UNION (WITHDRAWAL) ACT 2018 ("EUWA"); 
 (B) 
A CUSTOMER WITHIN THE MEANING OF THE PROVISIONS OF THE FINANCIAL 
SERVICES AND MARKETS ACT 2000 ("FSMA") AND ANY RULES OR REGULATIONS 
MADE UNDER THE FSMA TO IMPLEMENT DIRECTIVE (EU) 2016/97, WHERE THAT 
CUSTOMER WOULD NOT QUALIFY AS A PROFESSIONAL CLIENT AS DEFINED IN 
POINT (8) OF ARTICLE 2(1) OF REGULATION (EU) NO 600/2014 AS IT FORMS PART OF 
"RETAINED EU LAW", AS DEFINED IN THE EUWA; OR 
(C) 
NOT A QUALIFIED INVESTOR AS DEFINED IN ARTICLE 2 OF REGULATION (EU) 
2017/1129 AS IT FORMS PART OF "RETAINED EU LAW", AS DEFINED IN THE EUWA. 
CONSEQUENTLY NO KEY INFORMATION DOCUMENT REQUIRED BY REGULATION (EU) NO 
1286/2014 AS IT FORMS PART OF "RETAINED EU LAW", AS DEFINED IN THE EUWA (THE "UK 
PRIIPS REGULATION") FOR OFFERING OR SELLING THE SECURITIES OR OTHERWISE 
MAKING THEM AVAILABLE TO RETAIL INVESTORS IN THE UK HAS BEEN PREPARED AND 
THEREFORE OFFERING OR SELLING THE SECURITIES OR OTHERWISE MAKING THEM 
AVAILABLE TO ANY RETAIL INVESTOR IN THE UK MAY BE UNLAWFUL UNDER THE UK 
PRIIPS REGULATION.] 
[MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE/PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY 
TARGET MARKET: 
SOLELY FOR THE PURPOSES OF THE MANUFACTURER'S PRODUCT APPROVAL PROCESS, 
THE TARGET MARKET ASSESSMENT IN RESPECT OF THE SECURITIES HAS LED TO THE 
CONCLUSION THAT:

--- Page 870 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 3 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
870 
 
(A) 
THE TARGET MARKET FOR THE SECURITIES IS ELIGIBLE COUNTERPARTIES AND 
PROFESSIONAL CLIENTS ONLY, EACH AS DEFINED IN [DIRECTIVE 2014/65/EU (AS 
AMENDED, "MIFID II"][MIFID II]; AND  
(B) 
ALL CHANNELS FOR DISTRIBUTION OF THE SECURITIES TO ELIGIBLE 
COUNTERPARTIES AND PROFESSIONAL CLIENTS ARE APPROPRIATE. 
ANY PERSON SUBSEQUENTLY OFFERING, SELLING OR RECOMMENDING THE SECURITIES 
(A "DISTRIBUTOR") SHOULD TAKE INTO CONSIDERATION THE MANUFACTURER'S 
TARGET MARKET ASSESSMENT; HOWEVER, A DISTRIBUTOR SUBJECT TO MIFID II IS 
RESPONSIBLE FOR UNDERTAKING ITS OWN TARGET MARKET ASSESSMENT IN RESPECT 
OF THE SECURITIES (BY EITHER ADOPTING OR REFINING THE MANUFACTURER'S TARGET 
MARKET ASSESSMENT) AND DETERMINING APPROPRIATE DISTRIBUTION CHANNELS.] 
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE/PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY 
TARGET MARKET 
SOLELY FOR THE PURPOSES OF THE MANUFACTURER'S PRODUCT APPROVAL PROCESS, 
THE TARGET MARKET ASSESSMENT IN RESPECT OF THE SECURITIES HAS LED TO THE 
CONCLUSION THAT:  
(A)  
THE TARGET MARKET FOR THE SECURITIES IS ONLY ELIGIBLE COUNTERPARTIES, 
AS DEFINED IN THE FCA HANDBOOK CONDUCT OF BUSINESS SOURCEBOOK 
("COBS"), AND PROFESSIONAL CLIENTS, AS DEFINED IN REGULATION (EU) NO 
600/2014 AS IT FORMS PART OF "RETAINED EU LAW", AS DEFINED IN THE 
EUROPEAN UNION (WITHDRAWAL) ACT 2018 ("EUWA") ("UK MIFIR"); AND  
(B)  
ALL CHANNELS FOR DISTRIBUTION OF THE SECURITIES TO ELIGIBLE 
COUNTERPARTIES AND PROFESSIONAL CLIENTS ARE APPROPRIATE.  
ANY [PERSON SUBSEQUENTLY OFFERING, SELLING OR RECOMMENDING THE SECURITIES 
(A 
"DISTRIBUTOR")]/[DISTRIBUTOR] 
SHOULD 
TAKE INTO CONSIDERATION THE 
MANUFACTURERS' TARGET MARKET ASSESSMENT; HOWEVER, A DISTRIBUTOR SUBJECT 
TO THE FCA HANDBOOK PRODUCT INTERVENTION AND PRODUCT GOVERNANCE 
SOURCEBOOK (THE "UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE RULES") IS RESPONSIBLE FOR 
UNDERTAKING ITS OWN TARGET MARKET ASSESSMENT IN RESPECT OF THE SECURITIES 
(BY EITHER ADOPTING OR REFINING THE MANUFACTURERS' TARGET MARKET 
ASSESSMENT) AND DETERMINING APPROPRIATE DISTRIBUTION CHANNELS.] 
[MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE/ RETAIL INVESTORS, PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS 
AND ECPS TARGET MARKET: 
SOLELY FOR THE PURPOSES OF THE MANUFACTURER'S PRODUCT APPROVAL PROCESS, 
THE TARGET MARKET ASSESSMENT IN RESPECT OF THE SECURITIES HAS LED TO THE 
CONCLUSION THAT:  
(A) 
THE TARGET MARKET FOR THE SECURITIES IS ELIGIBLE COUNTERPARTIES AND 
PROFESSIONAL CLIENTS AND RETAIL CLIENTS, EACH AS DEFINED IN [DIRECTIVE 
2014/65/EU (AS AMENDED, "MIFID II"][MIFID II]; AND  
[EITHER:] 
[(B) 
ALL CHANNELS FOR DISTRIBUTION OF THE SECURITIES ARE APPROPRIATE[, 
INCLUDING INVESTMENT ADVICE, PORTFOLIO MANAGEMENT, NON-ADVISED 
SALES AND PURE EXECUTION SERVICES].] 
[OR:] 
[(B) 
ALL CHANNELS FOR DISTRIBUTION TO ELIGIBLE COUNTERPARTIES AND 
PROFESSIONAL CLIENTS ARE APPROPRIATE; AND 
(C) 
THE FOLLOWING CHANNELS FOR DISTRIBUTION OF THE SECURITIES TO RETAIL 
CLIENTS ARE APPROPRIATE – INVESTMENT ADVICE[,/ AND] PORTFOLIO 
MANAGEMENT[,/ AND] [NON-ADVISED SALES] [AND PURE EXECUTION SERVICES][,

--- Page 871 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 3 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
871 
 
SUBJECT 
TO 
THE 
DISTRIBUTER'S 
SUITABILITY 
AND 
APPROPRIATENESS 
OBLIGATIONS UNDER MIFID II, AS APPLICABLE].] 
ANY PERSON SUBSEQUENTLY OFFERING, SELLING OR RECOMMENDING THE SECURITIES 
(A "DISTRIBUTOR") SHOULD TAKE INTO CONSIDERATION THE MANUFACTURER'S 
TARGET MARKET ASSESSMENT; HOWEVER, A DISTRIBUTOR SUBJECT TO MIFID II IS 
RESPONSIBLE FOR UNDERTAKING ITS OWN TARGET MARKET ASSESSMENT IN RESPECT 
OF THE SECURITIES (BY EITHER ADOPTING OR REFINING THE MANUFACTURER'S TARGET 
MARKET ASSESSMENT) AND DETERMINING APPROPRIATE DISTRIBUTION CHANNELS[, 
SUBJECT TO THE DISTRIBUTER'S SUITABILITY AND APPROPRIATENESS OBLIGATIONS 
UNDER MIFID II, AS APPLICABLE].] 
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE/ RETAIL INVESTORS, PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS 
AND ECPS TARGET MARKET: 
SOLELY FOR THE PURPOSES OF THE MANUFACTURER'S PRODUCT APPROVAL PROCESS, 
THE TARGET MARKET ASSESSMENT IN RESPECT OF THE SECURITIES HAS LED TO THE 
CONCLUSION THAT:  
(A)  
THE TARGET MARKET FOR THE SECURITIES IS RETAIL CLIENTS, AS DEFINED IN 
POINT (8) OF ARTICLE 2 OF REGULATION (EU) NO 2017/565 AS IT FORMS PART OF 
"RETAINED EU LAW", AS DEFINED IN THE EUROPEAN UNION (WITHDRAWAL) ACT 
2018 ("EUWA"), AND ELIGIBLE COUNTERPARTIES, AS DEFINED IN THE FCA 
HANDBOOK CONDUCT OF BUSINESS SOURCEBOOK ("COBS"), AND PROFESSIONAL 
CLIENTS, AS DEFINED IN REGULATION (EU) NO 600/2014 AS IT FORMS PART OF 
"RETAINED EU LAW", AS DEFINED IN THE EUWA ("UK MIFIR"); AND  
[EITHER:] 
[(B)  
ALL CHANNELS FOR DISTRIBUTION OF THE SECURITIES ARE APPROPRIATE[, 
INCLUDING INVESTMENT ADVICE, PORTFOLIO MANAGEMENT, NON-ADVISED 
SALES AND PURE EXECUTION SERVICES].] 
[OR:] 
[(B) 
ALL CHANNELS FOR DISTRIBUTION TO ELIGIBLE COUNTERPARTIES AND 
PROFESSIONAL CLIENTS ARE APPROPRIATE; AND 
(C) 
THE FOLLOWING CHANNELS FOR DISTRIBUTION OF THE SECURITIES TO RETAIL 
CLIENTS ARE APPROPRIATE – INVESTMENT ADVICE[,/ AND] PORTFOLIO 
MANAGEMENT[,/ AND] [NON-ADVISED SALES] [AND PURE EXECUTION SERVICES][, 
SUBJECT 
TO 
THE 
DISTRIBUTER'S 
SUITABILITY 
AND 
APPROPRIATENESS 
OBLIGATIONS UNDER COBS, AS APPLICABLE].]  
ANY PERSON SUBSEQUENTLY OFFERING, SELLING OR RECOMMENDING THE SECURITIES 
(A "DISTRIBUTOR") SHOULD TAKE INTO CONSIDERATION THE MANUFACTURERS' 
TARGET MARKET ASSESSMENT; HOWEVER, A DISTRIBUTOR SUBJECT TO THE FCA 
HANDBOOK PRODUCT INTERVENTION AND PRODUCT GOVERNANCE SOURCEBOOK (THE 
"UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE RULES") IS RESPONSIBLE FOR UNDERTAKING ITS 
OWN TARGET MARKET ASSESSMENT IN RESPECT OF THE SECURITIES (BY EITHER 
ADOPTING OR REFINING THE MANUFACTURERS' TARGET MARKET ASSESSMENT) AND 
DETERMINING 
APPROPRIATE 
DISTRIBUTION 
CHANNELS[, 
SUBJECT 
TO 
THE 
DISTRIBUTER'S SUITABILITY AND APPROPRIATENESS OBLIGATIONS UNDER COBS, AS 
APPLICABLE].] 
 [These Securities are Other Income Securities]1 
Final Terms dated [⚫] 
[MORGAN STANLEY]/[MORGAN STANLEY & CO, INTERNATIONAL plc]/[MORGAN STANLEY 
B.V.]/[MORGAN STANLEY FINANCE LLC] 
 
1 
Insert if Morgan Stanley Finance LLC is the Issuer and the Securities are classified as Other Income Securities.

--- Page 872 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 3 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
872 
 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): [IGJSJL3JD5P30I6NJZ34]2/[ 4PQUHN3JPFGFNF3BB653]3/[ 
KG1FTTDCK4KNVM3OHB52]4/[ 5493003FCPSE9RKT4B56]5 
Issue of [[Aggregate Nominal Amount] [Number of Units] of Tranche] [Title of Securities] 
[Guaranteed by Morgan Stanley] 
under the Regulation S Program for the Issuance of Notes and Certificates, Series A and Series B, and 
Warrants  
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
This document constitutes Final Terms relating to the issue of Securities described herein.  Terms used 
herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 15 July 2022 [and the supplement[s] dated [⚫][,[⚫] … [⚫]] to the 
Base Prospectus] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") for the purposes 
of the Prospectus Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2017/1129) (the "Prospectus Regulation").  This document 
constitutes the Final Terms of the Securities described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus 
Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus [as so supplemented].  Full 
information on the Issuer[, the Guarantor] and the offer of the Securities is only available on the basis of 
the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus.  [However, a summary of the Issue is 
annexed to these Final Terms.]6 Copies of the Base Prospectus [and any supplement(s) thereto] are available 
from the offices of Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc at 25 Cabot Square, Canary Wharf, London, 
E14 4QA [and on the Issuers' website at http://sp.morganstanley.com/EU/Documents] and copies of the 
Base Prospectus [and any supplement(s) thereto] and these Final Terms are available on the website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange at www.bourse.lu. 
[OR USE THE FOLLOWING ALTERNATIVE LANGUAGE IF THE FIRST TRANCHE OF AN ISSUE 
WHICH IS BEING INCREASED WAS ISSUED UNDER A BASE PROSPECTUS WITH AN EARLIER 
DATE: 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions of 
the Securities set forth in the Base Prospectus dated [17 July 2013 and the supplement to it dated 30 August 
2013]/[16 December 2013]/[16 December 2014 and the supplement to it dated 12 May 2015]/[15 December 
2015]/[21 October 2016 and the supplement to it dated 20 December 2016]/[10 October 2017 and the 
supplement to it dated 29 March 2018]/[9 October 2018 and the supplements to it dated 25 January 2019 
and 21 March 2019]/[16 July 2019 and the supplements to it dated 17 October 2019, 23 March 2020 and 1 
April 2020]/[16 July 2020 and the supplements to it dated 17 November 2020 and 15 March 2021]/[16 July 
2021] which are incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus dated 15 July 2022. This document 
constitutes the Final Terms of the Securities described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus 
Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 15 July 2022 [and the 
supplement(s) to it dated •], which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the 
Prospectus Regulation (the "Base Prospectus"), save in respect of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Securities which are extracted from the Base Prospectus dated [17 July 2013 and the supplement to it dated 
30 August 2013]/[16 December 2013]/[16 December 2014 and the supplement to it dated 12 May 2015]/[15 
December 2015]/[21 October 2016 and the supplement to it dated 20 December 2016]/[10 October 2017 
and the supplement to it dated 29 March 2018]/[9 October 2018 and the supplements to it dated 25 January 
2019 and 21 March 2019]/[16 July 2019 and the supplements to it dated 17 October 2019, 23 March 2020 
and 1 April 2020]/[16 July 2020 and the supplements to it dated 17 November 2020 and 15 March 2021]/[16 
July 2021]. Full information on the Issuer [, the Guarantor(s)] and the offer of the Securities is only available 
on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms, the Base Prospectus [and the supplement(s) dated 
[•]]. [However, a summary of the issue of the Securities is annexed to these Final Terms.]7 Copies of the 
Base Prospectus [and any supplement(s) thereto] are available from the offices of Morgan Stanley & Co. 
International plc at 25 Cabot Square, Canary Wharf, London, E14 4QA [and on the Issuers' website at 
http://sp.morganstanley.com/EU/Documents] and copies of the Base Prospectus [and any supplement(s) 
 
2 
Insert if Morgan Stanley is the Issuer. 
3 
Insert if Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc is the Issuer. 
4 
Insert if Morgan Stanley B.V. is the Issuer. 
5 
Insert if Morgan Stanley Finance LLC is the Issuer. 
6 
Insert if Securities are (i) Certificates or (ii) Notes with denominations lower than EUR 100,000. 
7 
Insert if Securities are (i) Certificates or (ii) Notes with denominations lower than EUR 100,000.

--- Page 873 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 3 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
873 
 
thereto] and these Final Terms are available on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange at 
www.bourse.lu.] 
[In case of Public Offer continuing after the validity of the Base Prospectus: The Base Prospectus expires 
on 
[●] 
2023. 
The 
updated 
base 
prospectus 
will 
be 
available 
at 
http://sp.morganstanley.com/EU/Documents.] 
[Insert in case of an offer in Switzerland: The Securities do not constitute a collective investment scheme 
within the meaning of the Swiss Federal Act on Collective Investment Schemes ("CISA"). The Securities 
are neither subject to the authorisation nor to the supervision by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory 
Authority FINMA and investors do not benefit from the specific investor protection provided under the 
CISA. Investors should be aware that they are exposed to the credit risk of the Issuer and, if applicable, of 
the Guarantor.] 
[Insert in case of a public offering in Switzerland requiring a prospectus: These Final Terms must be read 
together with the Base Prospectus, which was included as a foreign prospectus, which is deemed approved 
also in Switzerland pursuant to Article 54(2) of the Swiss Federal Act on Financial Services ("FinSA") by 
SIX Exchange Regulation AG as reviewing body (Prüfstelle), in the list of approved prospectuses and 
deposited with it and published pursuant to Article 64 FinSA. These Final Terms will also be deposited 
with SIX Exchange Regulation AG as reviewing body and published pursuant to Article 64 FinSA.] 
[(Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable".  Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-paragraphs.  
Italics denote guidance for completing the Final Terms)] 
 
1. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[⚫] 
 
 
(ii) 
Series Designation: 
[Series A]/[Series B] 
 
 
[(iii) [Tranche Number:] 
[⚫] 
[Fungible with the [currency] [⚫] [Title of the 
Securities] issued by [⚫], bearing ISIN [⚫]] 
 
2. 
Specified 
Currency 
or 
Currencies: 
[⚫] 
 
3. 
[Aggregate 
Nominal 
Amount]/[Number 
of 
Units]/[Number] 
of 
the 
Securities: 
[⚫]8 
 
 
[(i)] 
Series: 
[⚫] 
 
 
[(ii) 
Tranche: 
[⚫]] 
 
4. 
Issue Price 
[⚫] per cent. of par per Security/[⚫] per Security 
 
5. 
(i) 
Type of Securities: 
[Notes][Certificates] 
 
 
(ii) 
[Specified 
Denominations (Par): 
[⚫] [and integral multiples of [⚫] in excess thereof]. 
(N.B. where multiple denominations above €100,000 
(or its equivalent in other currencies) are being used 
the following sample wording should be followed: 
[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in 
excess thereof up to and including [€199,000].  No 
 
 
8 
Where the amount is not known at the beginning of the offer period (e.g. an "up to" amount), notices of final offer amount will need to be submitted 
where the Securities are listed or admitted to trading.

--- Page 874 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 3 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
874 
 
Securities in definitive form will be issued with a 
denomination above [€199,000]"]) 
(NB:  The exchange upon notice at any time shall not 
be applicable if this language is used.  Furthermore, 
such Specified Denomination construction is not 
permitted in relation to any issuance of Securities 
which are to be represented on issue by Permanent 
Bearer Global Securities exchangeable for Definitive 
Securities.) 
(N.B. Securities (including Securities denominated in 
Sterling) in respect of which the issue proceeds are to 
be accepted by the Issuer in the United Kingdom or 
whose issue otherwise constitutes a contravention of 
Section 19 FSMA and which have a maturity of less 
than one year must have a minimum redemption value 
of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies)). 
[In respect of Securities denominated in UDI: 
Notwithstanding that the Securities are denominated 
in UDI, amounts payable under the Securities will be 
amounts in MXN determined by reference to the 
Calculation Amount.]] 
] 
(Delete if Securities are Certificates) 
 
(iii) 
[Specified Unit Value: 
[⚫] 
[In respect of Securities denominated in UDI: 
Notwithstanding that the Securities are denominated 
in UDI, amounts payable under the Securities will be 
amounts in MXN determined by reference to the 
Calculation Amount.]] 
(N.B. Securities (including Securities denominated in 
Sterling) in respect of which the issue proceeds are to 
be accepted by the Issuer in the United Kingdom or 
whose issue otherwise constitutes a contravention of 
Section 19 FSMA and which have a maturity of less 
than one year must have a minimum redemption value 
of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies)). 
(Delete if Securities are Notes) 
 
 
(iv) 
Calculation Amount: 
[⚫][In respect of Securities denominated in UDI: 
Notwithstanding that the Securities are denominated 
in UDI, amounts payable under the Securities will be 
amounts in MXN determined by reference to the 
Calculation Amount.] 
 
6. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[⚫] 
 
 
(ii) 
Trade Date: 
[⚫] 
 
 
(iii) 
Interest Commencement 
Date: 
[⚫]/[Issue Date]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(iv) 
Strike Date: 
[⚫] 
 
 
(v) 
Determination Date: 
[⚫]

--- Page 875 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 3 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
875 
 
7. 
Maturity Date: 
[⚫] 
 
8. 
No Underlying Determination 
Event Maturity Date: 
[specify] 
 
9. 
(i)  
Supplementary 
Provisions for Belgian Securities: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(ii) 
Minimum  Redemption 
Amount: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (specify as Applicable 
if the Final Redemption Amount is subject to a 
minimum redemption Amount or is the principal 
amount of the Note or the Specified Unit Value of the 
Certificate) 
 
10. 
Number of Business Days: 
[specify] 
 
11. 
Put/Call Options: 
 
 
 
(i) 
Redemption 
at 
the 
option of the Issuer: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(General 
Condition 
16.5) 
 
 
 
(ii) 
Redemption 
at 
the 
option 
of 
the 
Securityholders: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(General 
Condition 
16.7) 
 
 
12. 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
 
13. 
Preference 
Share-Linked 
Securities: 
(Section 3 of the Additional 
Conditions) 
Applicable 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
 
14. 
No Interest: 
(Paragraph 1.1(a) of Section 3 of 
the Additional Conditions) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
15. 
Regular Coupon: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Paragraph 1.1(c) of Section 3 of 
the Additional Conditions) 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[Each of the [⚫] day of [month], [month] (repeat as 
required) in each calendar year from (and including) [
⚫] to (and including) [⚫]]/[[⚫] (specify dates) [, each] 
[, adjusted in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention specified below]/[, not adjusted] 
 
 
(ii) 
Coupon Rate:

--- Page 876 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 3 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
876 
 
Interest 
Determination 
Date 
Coupon Rate 
[⚫]  
(repeat 
as 
required) 
[[Not Applicable]/[⚫]/[100] per 
cent.]/[A percentage rate to be 
determined 
by 
the 
Determination Agent before the 
Issue Date and notified to the 
Securityholders not more than 
15 Business Days thereafter by 
publication 
on 
[⚫] 
(insert 
website address), provided that 
such percentage rate shall be 
[not less than [⚫] per cent.] 
[and] [not greater than [⚫] per 
cent.]] 
(repeat as required) 
 
(iii) 
Interest Period(s): 
From (and including) the [Interest Commencement 
Date]/[Interest Payment Date] [falling on]/[scheduled 
to fall on] [⚫] to (but excluding) the Interest Payment 
Date [falling on]/[scheduled to fall on] [⚫] [(such 
scheduled Interest Payment Dates not being adjusted 
for any Business Day Convention)] 
(repeat as required) 
 
 
 
(for Swedish Securities, specify the following) 
 
 
 
From (but excluding) the [Interest Commencement 
Date]/[Interest Payment Date] [falling on]/[scheduled 
to fall on] [⚫] to (and including) the Interest Payment 
Date [falling on]/[scheduled to fall on] [⚫] [(such 
scheduled Interest Payment Dates not being adjusted 
for any Business Day Convention)] 
(repeat as required) 
 
 
(iv) 
Business 
Day 
Convention: 
[Following Business Day Convention]/ 
[Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/[Modified Business Day Convention]/ 
 
 
 
[Preceding Business Day Convention]/ 
 
 
 
[FRN Convention. The Specified Period is from (and 
including) [⚫] to (but excluding) [⚫] (repeat as 
required)]/Floating Rate Convention]/[Eurodollar 
Convention]/ 
 
 
 
[No Adjustment]/[Unadjusted] 
 
 
 
(delete as appropriate) 
 
16. Barrier Conditional Coupon: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 877 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 3 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
877 
 
 
(Paragraph 1.1(b) of Section 3 of 
the Additional Conditions) 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[⚫] (specify) [, adjusted in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention specified below]/[, not 
adjusted] 
 
 
(ii) 
Interest 
Amount 
is 
payable if Knock-in Value as of:  
the [relevant Interest Determination Date]/[each 
Barrier Observation Date in respect of the relevant 
Interest Determination Date]/[any time during the 
Barrier Observation Period in respect of the relevant 
Interest Determination Date] is [greater than]/[greater 
than or equal to]/[equal to]/[less than or equal to]/[less 
than] the relevant Coupon Barrier Value 
(delete as appropriate) 
 
 
(iii) 
Knock-in Value: 
is the Relevant Underlying Value 
 
 
(iv) 
Coupon Rate: 
 
Interest 
Determination 
Date 
Coupon Rate 
 
[⚫]  
(repeat 
as 
required) 
[[Not 
Applicable]/[⚫]/[100] 
per cent.]/[A percentage rate to 
be 
determined 
by 
the 
Determination Agent before 
the Issue Date and notified to 
the Securityholders not more 
than 
15 
Business 
Days 
thereafter by publication on [⚫
] (insert website address), 
provided that such percentage 
rate shall be [not less than [⚫] 
per cent.] [and] [not greater 
than [⚫] per cent.]] 
(repeat as required) 
 
 
(v) 
Coupon Barrier Value: 
[[⚫]/[⚫] per cent. of Initial Reference Value] 
 
 
 
[OR] 
 
 
 
Interest 
Determination Date 
Coupon Barrier Value 
In respect of the 
Interest 
Determination 
Date 
falling on [⚫] 
(repeat as required) 
[[⚫]/[⚫] per cent. of Initial 
Reference Value] 
(repeat as required) 
 
 
(vi) 
Barrier 
Observation 
Date(s): 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
[OR]

--- Page 878 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 3 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
878 
 
 
 
Interest 
Determination Date 
Barrier 
Observation 
Date 
In respect of the 
Interest 
Determination 
Date 
falling on [⚫] 
(repeat as required) 
[⚫]  
(repeat as required) 
 
 
(vii) 
Barrier 
Observation 
Period: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
[OR] 
 
 
 
Interest 
Determination Date 
Barrier 
Observation 
Period 
[⚫]  
(repeat as required) 
[From and including the  
[Barrier 
Observation 
Period Start Date] to but 
excluding 
the 
[Barrier 
Observation Period End 
Date]]/[Barrier 
Observation Period Date]  
(repeat as required) 
 
 
(viii) Business 
Day 
Convention: 
[Following Business Day Convention]/ 
[Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/[Modified Business Day Convention]/ 
 
 
 
[Preceding Business Day Convention]/ 
 
 
 
[FRN Convention. The Specified Period is from (and 
including) [⚫] to (but excluding) [⚫] (repeat as 
required)]/Floating Rate Convention]/[Eurodollar 
Convention]/ 
 
 
 
[No Adjustment]/[Unadjusted] 
 
 
 
(delete as appropriate) 
 
 
(ix) 
Initial Reference Value: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Initial 
Reference 
Value 
Determination 
Date(s): 
 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
17. Memory Barrier Conditional 
Coupon: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Paragraph 1.1(d) of Section 3 of 
the Additional Conditions) 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 879 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 3 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
879 
 
 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[⚫] (specify) [, adjusted in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention specified below]/[, not 
adjusted] 
 
 
(ii) 
Interest 
Amount 
is 
payable if Knock-in Value as of:  
the [relevant Interest Determination Date]/[each 
Barrier Observation Date in respect of the relevant 
Interest Determination Date]/[any time during the 
Barrier Observation Period in respect of the relevant 
Interest Determination Date] is [greater than]/[greater 
than or equal to]/[equal to]/[less than or equal to]/[less 
than] the relevant Coupon Barrier Value 
(delete as appropriate) 
 
 
(iii) 
Knock-in Value: 
is the Relevant Underlying Value 
 
 
(iv) 
Coupon Ratej: 
[⚫]/[100] per cent.]/[A percentage rate to be 
determined by the Determination Agent before the 
Issue Date and notified to the Securityholders not 
more than 15 Business Days thereafter by publication 
on [⚫] (insert website address), provided that such 
percentage rate shall be [not less than [⚫] per cent.] 
[and] [not greater than [⚫] per cent.]] 
 
 
 
[OR] 
 
 
 
Inter
est 
Deter
minat
ion 
Date 
Coupo
n Ratej 
Upper 
Coupo
n Rate 
Lowe
r 
Coup
on 
Rate 
n 
[⚫]  
(repe
at 
as 
requir
ed) 
[[Not 
Applica
ble]/[⚫
]/[100] 
per 
cent.]/[
A 
percent
age rate 
to 
be 
determi
ned by 
the 
Determi
nation 
Agent 
before 
the 
Issue 
Date 
and 
notified 
to 
the 
Securit
yholder
s 
not 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫]  
[Insert the 
number of 
calendar 
days from, 
and 
including, 
the 
Issue 
Date 
to, 
but 
excluding, 
the 
Maturity 
Date]

--- Page 880 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 3 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
880 
 
more 
than 15 
Busines
s Days 
thereaft
er 
by 
publicat
ion on [
⚫] 
(insert 
website 
address
), 
provide
d 
that 
such 
percent
age rate 
shall be 
[not less 
than [⚫] 
per 
cent.] 
[and] 
[not 
greater 
than [⚫] 
per 
cent.]] 
(repeat 
as 
require
d) 
 
(v) 
Coupon Barrier Value: 
[[⚫]/[⚫] per cent. of Initial Reference Value] 
 
 
 
[OR] 
 
 
 
Interest 
Determination Date 
Coupon Barrier Value 
In respect of the 
Interest 
Determination 
Date 
falling on [⚫] 
(repeat as required) 
[[⚫]/[⚫] per cent. of Initial 
Reference Value] 
(repeat as required) 
 
 
(vi) 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[⚫] 
 
 
(vii) 
Barrier 
Observation 
Date(s): 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
[OR] 
 
 
 
Interest 
Determination Date 
Barrier 
Observation 
Date

--- Page 881 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 3 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
881 
 
In respect of the 
Interest 
Determination 
Date 
falling on [⚫] 
(repeat as required) 
[⚫]  
(repeat as required) 
 
(viii) Barrier 
Observation 
Period: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
[OR] 
 
 
 
Interest 
Determination Date 
Barrier 
Observation 
Period 
[⚫]  
(repeat as required) 
[Barrier 
Observation 
Date]/[From 
[and 
including]/[but excluding] 
[Barrier 
Observation 
Period Start Date] to [but 
excluding]/[and including] 
[Barrier 
Observation 
Period End Date]]/[Each 
[Common 
]Scheduled 
Trading Day beginning on 
(and including) [⚫] and 
ending on (but excluding) [
⚫][subject to adjustment in 
accordance 
with 
[Condition 9.1 (Market 
Disruption, 
Reference 
Dates 
and 
Averaging 
Dates)]  
(repeat as required) 
 
 
(ix) 
Business 
Day 
Convention: 
[Following Business Day Convention]/ 
[Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/[Modified Business Day Convention]/ 
 
 
 
[Preceding Business Day Convention]/ 
 
 
 
[FRN Convention. The Specified Period is from (and 
including) [⚫] to (but excluding) [⚫] (repeat as 
required)]/Floating Rate Convention]/[Eurodollar 
Convention]/ 
 
 
 
[No Adjustment]/[Unadjusted] 
 
 
 
(delete as appropriate) 
 
 
(x) 
Initial Reference Value: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Initial 
Reference 
Value 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 882 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 3 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
882 
 
 
18. Range Accrual Coupon: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Paragraph 1.1(e) of Section 3 of 
the Additional Conditions) 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
(i) 
Coupon Rate: 
Interest 
Determination Date 
Coupon Rate 
[date] 
(repeat as required) 
[[Not 
Applicable]/[⚫
]/[100] 
per 
cent.]/[A 
percentage 
rate 
to 
be 
determined 
by 
the 
Determination 
Agent 
before the Issue Date and 
notified 
to 
the 
Securityholders not more 
than 15 Business Days 
thereafter by publication 
on [⚫] [insert website 
address], provided that 
such percentage rate shall 
be [not less than [⚫] per 
cent.] [and] [not greater 
than [⚫] per cent.]] 
(repeat as required) 
 
 
(ii) 
Elections for definition of 
"Number of Observation Dates 
(Barrier Condition Satisfied)": 
[Single Barrier Range Accrual is applicable. The 
Determination Agent will determine in respect of each 
Interest Period the number of Observation Days in 
such Interest Period on which the Knock-in Value is 
[greater than]/[greater than or equal to]/[less 
than]/[less than or equal to] the Coupon Barrier Value] 
 
 
 
[OR] 
 
 
 
[Dual Barrier Range Accrual is applicable. The 
Determination Agent will determine in respect of each 
Interest Period the number of Observation Days in 
such Interest Period on which the Knock-in Value is 
[greater than]/[greater than or equal to] the Lower 
Barrier Value and [less than]/[less than or equal to] the 
Upper Barrier Value] 
 
 
 
(delete as appropriate) 
 
 
(iii) 
Knock-in Value: 
is the Relevant Underlying Value 
 
 
(iv) 
Observation Date(s): 
[⚫]/[Each 
[Common 
]Scheduled 
Trading 
Day 
beginning on (and including) [date] and ending on 
(but excluding) [date]] [subject to adjustment in 
accordance with [Condition 9.1 (Market Disruption, 
Reference Dates and Averaging Dates)] 
 
 
(v) 
Coupon Barrier Value: 
[Not Applicable]/[[⚫]/[⚫] per cent. of Initial 
Reference Value]

--- Page 883 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 3 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
883 
 
 
 
[OR] 
 
 
 
Interest 
Determination Date 
Coupon Barrier Value 
In respect of the 
Interest 
Determination 
Date 
falling on  [date] 
(repeat as required) 
[[⚫]/[⚫] per cent. of Initial 
Reference Value] 
(repeat as required) 
 
 
(vi) 
Upper Coupon Barrier 
Value: 
[Not Applicable]/[[⚫]/[⚫] per cent. of Initial 
Reference Value] 
 
 
 
[OR] 
 
 
 
Interest 
Determination Date 
Upper Coupon Barrier 
Value 
In 
respect 
of 
the 
Interest Determination 
Date falling on  [date] 
(repeat as required) 
[[⚫]/[⚫] per cent. of Initial 
Reference Value] 
(repeat as required) 
 
 
(vii) 
Lower Coupon Barrier 
Value: 
[Not Applicable]/[[⚫]/[⚫] per cent. of Initial 
Reference Value] 
 
 
 
[OR] 
 
 
 
Interest 
Determination Date 
Lower Coupon Barrier 
Value 
In respect of the 
Interest 
Determination 
Date 
falling on  [date] 
(repeat as required) 
[[⚫]/[⚫] per cent. of Initial 
Reference Value] 
(repeat as required) 
 
 
(viii) Relevant Factor: 
[⚫] 
 
 
(ix) 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[⚫] 
 
 
(x) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[Each of the [⚫] day of [month], [month] (repeat as 
required) in each calendar year from (and including) [
⚫] to (and including) [⚫]]/[[⚫] (specify dates) [, each] 
[, adjusted in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention specified below]/[, not adjusted]  
[[Scheduled Interest Payment Date [is]/[are]] [⚫]] 
 
 
(xi) 
Interest Period(s): 
From (and including) the [Interest Commencement 
Date]/[Interest Payment Date] [falling on]/[scheduled 
to fall on] [⚫] to (but excluding) the Interest Payment 
Date [falling on]/[scheduled to fall on] [⚫] [(such

--- Page 884 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 3 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
884 
 
scheduled Interest Payment Dates not being adjusted 
for any Business Day Convention)] 
(repeat as required) 
 
(xii) 
Business 
Day 
Convention: 
[Following Business Day Convention]/ 
[Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/[Modified Business Day Convention]/ 
 
 
 
[Preceding Business Day Convention]/ 
 
 
 
[FRN Convention. The Specified Period is from (and 
including) [⚫] to (but excluding) [⚫] (repeat as 
required)]/Floating Rate Convention]/[Eurodollar 
Convention]/ 
 
 
 
[No Adjustment]/[Unadjusted] 
 
 
 
(delete as appropriate) 
 
 
(xiii) Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual 
ICMA)]/[Actual/Actual]/[Actual/Actual 
(ISDA)]/[Actual/365 
Fixed)]/[Actual/365L]/[Actual/360]/[30/360]/[30/360 
(ICMA)]/[30/360 
(ISDA)]/[360/360]/[Bond 
Basis]/[30E/360]/[Eurobond 
Basis]/[30E/360 
(ISDA)]/[1/1] 
 
 
(xiv) Initial Reference Value: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Initial 
Reference 
Value 
Determination 
Date(s): 
 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
 
19. 
Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(General Condition 16.5) 
(if 
Not 
Applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
(i) 
Call Option Date(s): 
[date] 
 
 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s) (Call): 
[⚫] 
 
 
(iii) 
Participation Rate (Call) 
for 
determining 
the 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount (Call): 
[[⚫] per cent. [in respect of [⚫]]] (repeat as 
required)/[100 per cent.]

--- Page 885 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 3 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
885 
 
 
(iv) 
Optional Redemption in 
part only: 
[Applicable. Redemption will be effected in 
accordance with sub-clause [(a)/(b)/(c)] of General 
Condition 
16.6 
(Partial 
Redemption)]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(delete as appropriate) 
 
 
(v) 
Maximum 
Notice 
Number of Day(s): 
[⚫] [calendar day[s]]/[Business Day[s]] 
 
 
(vi) 
Minimum 
Notice 
Number of Day(s): 
[⚫] [calendar day[s]]/[Business Day[s]] 
 
20. 
Put Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(General Condition 16.7) 
(if 
Not 
Applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
(i) 
Put 
Option 
Exercise 
Date: 
[date]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(ii) 
Put 
Option 
Exercise 
Period: 
[From (and including) [date] to (but excluding) 
[date]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(iii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s) (Put): 
[⚫]/[Any date after the Put Option Exercise 
Date]/[Any date falling in the Put Option Exercise 
Period 
 
 
(iv) 
Participation Rate (Put) 
for 
determining 
the 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount (Put): 
[[⚫] per cent.]/[100 per cent.] 
 
 
(v) 
Notice period: 
[⚫] 
 
21. 
Linked 
Redemption 
Provisions: Preference Share-
Linked Redemption Securities 
 
 
 
(General Condition 14) 
 
 
 
(i) 
Preference Share: 
[specify] 
 
 
(ii) 
Preference Share Issuer: 
[specify] 
 
 
(iii) 
Determination 
Agent 
responsible 
for 
calculating 
the 
Final 
Redemption Amount: 
[⚫]/[Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc] 
 
 
 
(iv) 
Valuation Time: 
[⚫]/As per General Condition 14.8 
 
 
(v) 
Additional 
Disruption 
Event(s): 
(General Condition 14.6) 
[[Change in Law] [,/and] [Hedging Disruption] [,/and] 
[Insolvency Filing] [,/and] [Increased Cost of 
Hedging] shall apply]/[Not Applicable] 
(delete any which are not applicable)

--- Page 886 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 3 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
886 
 
22. 
Linked 
Redemption 
Provisions: Final Redemption 
Amount 
(General 
Condition 
16 
and 
Section 3 of the Additional 
Conditions) 
 
 
 
(i) 
Final 
Redemption 
Amount: 
The Final Redemption Amount in respect of each 
Security is an amount per Calculation Amount in the 
Specified Currency calculated by the Determination 
Agent equal to: 
Calculation Amount × Participation Rate × 
Preference Share Valuefinal
Preference Share Valueinitial
 
 
 
 
(ii) 
Final Valuation Date: 
The day falling [⚫] Business Days following the 
Preference Share Determination Date 
 
 
(iii) 
Participation Rate: 
[[Not Applicable]/[⚫]/[100] per cent.]/[A percentage 
rate to be determined by the Determination Agent 
before the Issue Date and notified to the 
Securityholders not more than 15 Business Days 
thereafter by publication on [⚫] (insert website 
address), provided that such percentage rate shall be 
[not less than [⚫] per cent.] [and] [not greater than [⚫] 
per cent.]] 
 
 
(iv) 
Underlying 
Determination Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[If Applicable: 
Underlying Determination Event Valuation Date(s): 
[specify date(s)] 
No Underlying Determination Event Valuation Date: 
[specify]] 
[If Not Applicable: 
Preference Share Determination Date: [specify]] 
 
 
(v) 
Final Bonus: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(vi) 
Final Bonus Amount: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
23. 
(i) 
Early Redemption 
Amount upon Event of 
Default (General 
Condition 21): 
[Early 
Preference 
Share 
Redemption 
Security 
Amount]/[Fixed Redemption. The Specified Rate is [
⚫]/[100] 
%]/[Qualified 
Financial 
Institution 
Determination. The Determination Agent will 
determine the amount a Qualified Financial Institution 
would charge [to assume all of the Issuer's payment 
and other obligations with respect to such Securities 
as if no such Event of Default had occurred]/[to 
undertake obligations that would have the effect of 
preserving the economic equivalent of any payment 
by the Issuer to the Securityholder with respect to the 
Securities]/[Accrued Value. [The Accrued Value

--- Page 887 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 3 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
887 
 
Commencement Date is [●].] The Accrual Yield is [•] 
and the Reference Price is [•].] [Theoretical Value] 
 
(ii) 
Early Redemption 
Amount (Tax) upon 
redemption pursuant to 
[Condition 16.2 (Tax 
Redemption – Morgan 
Stanley and MSFL 
Securities)][Condition 
16.3 (Tax Redemption – 
MSI plc and MSBV 
Securities)]. 
[For Morgan Stanley or MSFL Securities: 
[Not Applicable]/[Early Redemption Amount (Tax) – 
Fair Market Value Less Costs]/[Early Redemption 
Amount 
(Tax) 
– 
Fair 
Market 
Value]/[Early 
Redemption Amount (Tax) – Par] 
 
[For MSI plc or MSBV Securities: 
[Early Redemption Amount (Tax) – Fair Market 
Value Less Costs]/[Early Redemption Amount (Tax) 
– Fair Market Value]/[Early Redemption Amount 
(Tax) – Par]] 
(Note – for issuances of Securities to retail investors, 
"Early Redemption Amount (Tax) – Fair Market Value 
Less Costs" may not be selected) 
 
24. 
Inconvertibility 
Event 
Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]/[Not Applicable – 
Commodity-Linked 
Security 
Inconvertibility 
Provisions apply] 
 
 
(General Condition 33) 
(if Not Applicable, or if Commodity-Linked Security 
Inconvertibility 
Provisions 
apply, 
delete 
sub-
paragraphs (i) to (vi) below) 
 
 
(i) 
Consequences of the 
occurrence 
of 
an 
Inconvertibility Event: 
[Converted 
Payment]/[Early 
Redemption]/[Suspended Payment] 
 
 
(ii) 
Inconvertibility 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount 
upon 
Inconvertibility 
Event: 
[Not Applicable] 
[OR] 
 
 
 
[Early 
Preference 
Share 
Redemption 
Security 
Amount]/[[⚫] 
per 
cent. 
per 
Calculation 
Amount]/[Early Redemption Amount Less Costs 
applies. For the purposes of the definition of Early 
Redemption Amount Less Costs, [Fixed Redemption 
applies. The Specified Rate is [⚫]/[100] %]/[Qualified 
Financial 
Institution 
Determination 
applies.]/[Accrued Value applies. [The Accrued Value 
Commencement Date is [●].] The Accrual Yield is [•] 
and the Reference Price is [•].]/[Theoretical Value 
applies.]]/[Early Redemption Amount applies. For the 
purposes of the definition of Early Redemption 
Amount, [Fixed Redemption applies. The Specified 
Rate is [⚫]/[100] %]/[Qualified Financial Institution 
Determination applies.]/[Accrued Value applies. [The 
Accrued Value Commencement Date is [●].] The 
Accrual Yield is [•] and the Reference Price is 
[•].]/[Theoretical Value applies.]]/[Fair Market Value 
applies]/[Fair Market Value Less Costs applies]

--- Page 888 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 3 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
888 
 
(Note – for issuances of Securities to retail investors, 
"Early Redemption Amount Less Costs" and "Fair 
Market Value Less Costs" may not be selected) 
 
(iii) 
Relevant 
Currenc(y)/(ies): 
[⚫][,[⚫]…. and [⚫]] 
 
 
(iv) 
Relevant Jurisdiction(s): 
[⚫][,[⚫]…. and [⚫]] 
 
 
(v) 
Inconvertibility 
Specified 
Currenc(y)/(ies): 
[⚫][,[⚫]…. and [⚫]] 
 
 
(vi) 
Settlement Rate Option: 
[Currency Reference Dealers]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(If 
Commodity-Linked 
Security 
Inconvertibility 
Provisions apply, insert (i) to (iii) below.  If 
Commodity-Linked 
Security 
Inconvertibility 
Provisions do not apply delete (i) to (iii) below) 
 
 
 
(i) 
Relevant 
Currenc(y)/(ies): 
[⚫][,[⚫]…. and [⚫]] 
 
 
(ii) 
Relevant Jurisdiction(s): 
[⚫][,[⚫]…. and [⚫]] 
 
 
(iii) 
Inconvertibility 
Specified 
Currenc(y)/(ies): 
[⚫][,[⚫]…. and [⚫]] 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE SECURITIES 
 
25. 
Form of Securities: 
(General Condition 3) 
[Registered Securities: 
[Global Security Certificate registered in the name of 
[a nominee for] [a common depositary for Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg]/[a 
common 
safekeeper 
for 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (that is, held under the New Safekeeping 
Structure (NSS))]9, exchangeable for Individual 
Security Certificates on [⚫] days' notice/at any time/in 
the limited circumstances described in the Global 
Security Certificate] 
 
 
 
[Individual Security Certificates]] 
 
 
 
[Finnish Securities] 
 
 
 
[Swedish Securities] 
 
 
 
[Uncertificated Securities] 
 
26. 
Additional Business Centre(s) or 
other special provisions relating 
to Payment Dates: 
[Not Applicable/[  ]]. 
Note that this item relates to the date and place of 
payment, and not interest period end dates. This 
should specify "Not applicable" unless, exceptionally, 
location of Fiscal Agent is to be included as a business 
 
 
9 
To be included for Registered Securities in global form which are to be held under the NSS.

--- Page 889 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 3 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
889 
 
day for the purposes of payments whilst Securities are 
in global form in the clearing systems. 
27. 
Record Date: 
[As set out in the General Conditions/The Record Date 
is [⚫] [Business Day/day/clearing system business 
day] before the relevant due date for payment/Not 
Applicable] 
 
28. 
Redenomination, 
renominalisation 
and 
reconventioning provisions: 
[Not 
Applicable]/[The 
provisions 
in 
General 
Condition 32 (Redenomination, Renominalisation and 
Reconventioning) apply] 
 
29. 
Taxation: 
 
 
 
(i) 
General Condition 20.1: 
"Additional 
Amounts" 
is 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
(ii) 
General Condition 20.3: 
Implementation of Financial Transaction Tax Event is 
Not Applicable 
 
30. 
Illegality and Regulatory 
Event: 
(General Condition 22) 
 
 
 
(i) 
Illegality and Regulatory 
Event 
(General 
Condition 22): 
Applicable 
 
 
(ii) 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount (Illegality and 
Regulatory Event): 
[[Early 
Redemption 
Amount 
(Illegality 
and 
Regulatory Event) – Fair Market Value Less 
Costs]/[Early Redemption Amount (Illegality and 
Regulatory Event) – Fair Market Value]/[Early 
Redemption Amount (Illegality and Regulatory 
Event) – Par] shall apply]/[Not Applicable] 
(Note – for issuances of Securities to retail investors, 
"Early Redemption Amount (Illegality and Regulatory 
Event) – Fair Market Value Less Costs" may not be 
selected) 
 
31. 
Index Adjustment Events: 
(General Condition 9.2(b)) 
 
[[Early Redemption Amount (Index Cancellation) – 
Fair Market Value Less Costs]/[Early Redemption 
Amount (Index Cancellation) – Fair Market Value] 
shall apply]/[Not Applicable] 
(Note – for issuances of Securities to retail investors, 
"Early Redemption Amount (Index Cancellation) – 
Fair Market Value Less Costs" may not be selected) 
 
32. 
Merger Event or Tender 
Offer: 
(General Condition 9.4(a)) 
[[Merger Event Settlement Amount – Fair Market 
Value Less Costs]/[Merger Event Settlement Amount 
– Fair Market Value] shall apply]/[Not Applicable] 
[[Tender Offer Settlement Amount – Fair Market 
Value Less Costs]/[Tender Offer Settlement Amount 
– Fair Market Value] shall apply] /[Not Applicable] 
(Note – for issuances of Securities to retail investors, 
"Merger Event Settlement Amount – Fair Market 
Value Less Costs" and "Tender Offer Settlement

--- Page 890 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 3 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
890 
 
Amount – Fair Market Value Less Costs" may not be 
selected) 
33. 
Nationalisation, Insolvency 
and Delisting: 
(General Condition 9.4(b)) 
[[Early 
Redemption 
Amount 
(Nationalisation, 
Insolvency and Delisting) – Fair Market Value Less 
Costs]/[Early Redemption Amount (Nationalisation, 
Insolvency and Delisting) – Fair Market Value] shall 
apply]/[Not Applicable] 
(Note – for issuances of Securities to retail investors, 
"Early 
Redemption 
Amount 
(Nationalisation, 
Insolvency and Delisting) – Fair Market Value Less 
Costs" may not be selected) 
 
34. 
Extraordinary ETF Events: 
(General Condition 9.5) 
[[Early Redemption Amount (Extraordinary ETF 
Event) – Fair Market Value Less Costs]/[Early 
Redemption Amount (Extraordinary ETF Event) – 
Fair Market Value] shall apply]/[Not Applicable] 
(Note – for issuances of Securities to retail investors, 
"Early Redemption Amount (Extraordinary ETF 
Event) – Fair Market Value Less Costs" may not be 
selected) 
 
35. 
Additional Disruption Events: 
(General Condition 9.6) 
[[Early Redemption Amount (Additional Disruption 
Event) – Fair Market Value Less Costs]/[Early 
Redemption Amount (Additional Disruption Event) – 
Fair Market Value] shall apply]/[Not Applicable] 
(Note – for issuances of Securities to retail investors, 
"Early Redemption Amount (Additional Disruption 
Event) – Fair Market Value Less Costs" may not be 
selected) 
 
36. 
Partial Lookthrough 
Depositary Receipt Provisions: 
(General Condition 9.7) 
[[Early Redemption Amount (Potential Adjustment 
Event) – Fair Market Value Less Costs]/[Early 
Redemption Amount (Potential Adjustment Event) – 
Fair Market Value] shall apply]/[Not Applicable] 
(Note – for issuances of Securities to retail investors, 
"Early Redemption Amount (Potential Adjustment 
Event) – Fair Market Value Less Costs" may not be 
selected) 
 
37. 
Full Lookthrough Depositary 
Receipt Provisions: 
(General Condition 9.8) 
[[Early Redemption Amount (Potential Adjustment 
Event) – Fair Market Value Less Costs]/[Early 
Redemption Amount (Potential Adjustment Event) – 
Fair Market Value] shall apply]/[Not Applicable] 
(Note – for issuances of Securities to retail investors, 
"Early Redemption Amount (Potential Adjustment 
Event) – Fair Market Value Less Costs" may not be 
selected) 
 
38. 
Additional Disruption Events: 
(General Condition 10.8) 
[[Early Redemption Amount (Additional Disruption 
Event) – Fair Market Value Less Costs]/[Early 
Redemption Amount (Additional Disruption Event) – 
Fair Market Value] shall apply]/[Not Applicable] 
(Note – for issuances of Securities to retail investors, 
"Early Redemption Amount (Additional Disruption

--- Page 891 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 3 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
891 
 
Event) – Fair Market Value Less Costs" may not be 
selected) 
39. 
Additional Disruption Events: 
(General Condition 11.6) 
[[Early Redemption Amount (Additional Disruption 
Event) – Fair Market Value Less Costs]/[Early 
Redemption Amount (Additional Disruption Event) – 
Fair Market Value] shall apply]/[Not Applicable] 
(Note – for issuances of Securities to retail investors, 
"Early Redemption Amount (Additional Disruption 
Event) – Fair Market Value Less Costs" may not be 
selected) 
 
40. 
Additional Disruption Events: 
(General Condition 12.8) 
[[Early Redemption Amount (Additional Disruption 
Event) – Fair Market Value Less Costs]/[Early 
Redemption Amount (Additional Disruption Event) – 
Fair Market Value] shall apply]/[Not Applicable] 
(Note – for issuances of Securities to retail investors, 
"Early Redemption Amount (Additional Disruption 
Event) – Fair Market Value Less Costs" may not be 
selected) 
 
41. 
CNY Disruption Events: 
(General Condition 34) 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(Note – for issuances of Securities to retail investors, 
General Condition 34 should be specified as Not 
Applicable) 
 
42. 
Substitution of Issuer or 
Guarantor with non Morgan 
Stanley Group entities: 
(General Condition 35.2) 
Applicable  
 
DISTRIBUTION 
43. 
(i) 
If syndicated, names 
[and 
addresses]10 
of 
Managers 
[and 
underwriting 
commitments]11:  and 
names and addresses of 
the entities agreeing to 
place the issue without a 
firm commitment or on a 
"best efforts" basis if 
such entities are not the 
same 
as 
the 
Managers.)]12 
[Not 
Applicable/give 
names[, 
addresses 
and 
underwriting commitments]] [(Include names and 
addresses of entities agreeing to underwrite the issue 
on a firm commitment basis.)] 
 
 
(ii) 
[Date of [Subscription] 
Agreement: 
[⚫]]13 
 
 
10 
Delete for Securities with a denomination per Note or Unit Value per Certificate of EUR 100,000 or more. 
11 
Delete for Securities with a denomination per Note or Unit Value per Certificate of EUR 100,000 or more. 
12 
Delete for Securities with a denomination per Note or Unit Value per Certificate of EUR 100,000 or more. 
13 
Delete for Securities with a denomination per Note or Unit Value per Certificate of EUR 100,000 or more

--- Page 892 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 3 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
892 
 
 
(iii) 
Stabilising Manager(s) 
(if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
 
44. 
If non-syndicated, name [and 
address]14 of dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name [and address]15] 
 
45. 
Non-exempt Offer and Offer 
Period: 
[Not Applicable]/[An offer of the Securities may be 
made by the [insert names]/[any person who is 
authorised to make such offers under Directive 
2014/65/EU] other than pursuant to Article 1(4) of the 
Prospectus 
Regulation 
in 
[Belgium]/[Denmark]/[Finland]/[France]/[Ireland]/[It
aly]/[Luxembourg]/[Portugal]/[Spain]/[Sweden]/[The 
Netherlands] ("Public Offer Jurisdictions") during 
[the period from, and [including]/[excluding], [⚫] to, 
and 
[including]/[excluding], 
[⚫] 
("Offer 
Period")]/[the 
period 
from, 
and 
[including]/[excluding], 
[⚫] 
to, 
and 
[including]/[excluding], [⚫] for the Securities that will 
be offered by means of ["online selling"]/["door-to-
door" 
selling]] 
("Offer 
Period")] 
(delete 
as 
appropriate) [subject to the following conditions: 
[specify]]. See further paragraph 7 of Part B below. 
 
46. 
[Swiss Non-exempt Offer and 
Swiss Offer Period] 
[Insert in case of a public offer of Securities in 
Switzerland that is not made within an exemption from 
the requirement to publish a prospectus under the 
FinSA] 
[A public offer of the Securities that does not fall 
within an exemption from the requirement to publish 
a prospectus under the FinSA (a "Swiss Non-exempt 
Offer") may be made by [⚫] (the "Swiss Authorised 
Offeror") in Switzerland during the period from, and 
[including]/[excluding], 
[⚫] 
to, 
and 
[including]/[excluding], [⚫] (the "Swiss Offer 
Period") [subject to the following conditions: 
[specify]]. See further paragraph 7 of Part B below. 
The Issuer consents to the use of the Base Prospectus 
in connection with an offer of the Securities in 
Switzerland by the Swiss Authorised Offeror during 
the Swiss Offer Period, provided however, that the 
Base Prospectus is still valid according to Article 55 
FinSA.] 
 
47. 
[Total 
commission 
and 
concession: 
[In connection with the offer and sale of the Securities, 
[the Issuer][Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc] 
will 
pay 
[name[s]] 
a 
[one 
time][recurring] 
[distribution]/[structuring] fee amount equal to [a 
maximum of] [⚫] [of the [Aggregate Nominal 
Amount][Number of Units]]/[specify amount]/[per 
annum/other]]/[No fees will be paid by the Issuer or 
Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc, directly or 
 
 
14 
Delete for Securities with a denomination per Note or Unit Value per Certificate of EUR 100,000 or more 
15 
Delete for Securities with a denomination per Note or Unit Value per Certificate of EUR 100,000 or more.

--- Page 893 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 3 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
893 
 
indirectly, in connection with any advised sale of 
Securities]]16 
United States Taxation 
This discussion is limited to the U.S. federal tax issues addressed below. Additional issues may exist 
that are not addressed in this discussion and that could affect the federal tax treatment of an 
investment in the Securities. Investors should seek their own advice based upon their particular 
circumstances from an independent tax advisor. 
A non-U.S. investor should review carefully the section entitled "United States Federal Taxation" in the 
Base Prospectus. 
17 [Withholding on "Other Income" Coupon Payments 
The following discussion applies to Securities issued by Morgan Stanley or MSFL that pay periodic 
coupons and provide for a payment at maturity or upon early settlement (other than the stated coupon) that 
is determined by reference to the performance of a Relevant Underlying and thus may be lower or higher 
than their issue price.  The U.S. federal tax treatment of the Securities is unclear due to the absence of 
statutory, judicial or administrative authorities that directly address the Securities or similar securities, and 
no ruling is being requested from the Internal Revenue Service ("IRS") with respect to the Securities. 
Significant aspects of the U.S. federal income tax consequences of an investment in the Securities are 
uncertain, and no assurance can be given that the IRS or a court will agree with the tax treatment described 
herein. Accordingly, investors should consult their tax adviser regarding the U.S. federal income tax 
consequences of an investment in the Securities (including possible alternative treatment thereof). 
A non-U.S. investor should expect that a withholding agent will treat any coupon payments as subject to 
U.S. federal withholding tax at a rate of 30 per cent., unless the non-U.S. investor establishes an exemption 
under the "other income" provision of a Qualifying Treaty (as defined below) or, to the extent that any 
portion of a coupon payment is treated as interest for U.S. federal income tax purposes, an exemption under 
the "portfolio interest exemption" rules as described below. 
 An income tax treaty between a non-U.S. jurisdiction and the United States is a "Qualifying Treaty" if it 
provides for a 0 per cent. rate of tax on "other income" earned by a resident of the non-U.S. jurisdiction 
from sources within the United States.  Accordingly, if a non-U.S. investor is a resident of a non-U.S. 
jurisdiction that qualifies for benefits under such a Qualifying Treaty, it should generally be eligible for an 
exemption under the "other income" provision referred to above if the non-U.S. investor complies with the 
certification requirement described in the section entitled "United States Federal Taxation—Tax Treatment 
of the Securities—Other Income Coupons" in the Base Prospectus.  However, because most income tax 
treaties contain complex eligibility rules and limitations, a non-U.S. investor should consult its tax advisor 
about its eligibility for this exemption.  To demonstrate eligibility for the "other income" exemption to the 
Issuer or an applicable withholding agent, a non-U.S. investor generally will be required to provide a 
properly completed Internal Revenue Service ("IRS") Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E certifying that it is 
not a U.S. person and that it is eligible for the benefits of the "other income" article of a Qualifying Treaty 
(or, if the non-U.S. investor holds its Securities through certain intermediaries, it may be permitted to 
provide alternative documentation in lieu of the appropriate Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E to establish that 
it is not a U.S. person and that it is eligible for the benefits of the "other income" article of a Qualifying 
Treaty) as discussed in the section entitled "United States Federal Taxation—Tax Treatment of the 
Securities—Other Income Coupons" in the Base Prospectus.  
Notwithstanding the discussion above, because the U.S. federal income tax treatment of the Securities is 
unclear, any coupon payments on such Securities could alternatively be treated in whole or part as payments 
of interest. Nonetheless, even if the coupon payments are treated in whole or in part as interest and thus not 
eligible for the "other income" exemption described above, under current law and administrative practice a 
 
16 
Delete for Securities with a denomination per Note or Unit Value per Certificate of EUR 100,000 or more. 
17 Insert for "other income" Securities issued by MS or MSFL that pay periodic coupons and provide for a payment at maturity or early settlement based 
on the value of the underlying securities (and thus it is possible that the final payment could be significantly lower than the Note's issue price), 
excluding Securities that pay periodic coupons at a fixed rate with no possible upside payment at maturity or upon early settlement.

--- Page 894 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 3 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
894 
 
non-U.S. investor may qualify for the "portfolio interest exemption" with respect to the coupon payments 
if the investor has timely provided certifications to establish that it is not a U.S. person and certain other 
conditions are met, as discussed in the section entitled "United States Federal Taxation—Tax Treatment of 
the Securities—Interest" in  the Base Prospectus. 
As described in "United States Federal Taxation" in the Base Prospectus, U.S. withholding may also be 
imposed in other circumstances, such as under FATCA, the U.S. backup withholding rules or Section 
871(m) of the Internal Revenue Code. 
If withholding is so required, the relevant Issuer will not be required to pay any additional amounts with 
respect to the amounts so withheld.] 
 
18[THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
(Relevant third party information) has been extracted from [⚫] (specify source). The Issuer confirms that 
such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from 
information published by [⚫], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information 
inaccurate or misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
By: 
Duly authorised 
 
 
 
18 
Insert if any third party information has been provided.

--- Page 895 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 3 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
895 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
 
Listing 
and 
admission 
to 
Trading: 
[Application [has been made/is expected to be made] by 
the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Securities to be 
admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange's Regulated Market and to be listed on the 
official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange with 
effect from [⚫].]/[Application [has [also] been made/is 
[also] expected to be made] by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Securities to be admitted to listing and/or 
trading on [insert name of exchange] with effect from [
⚫].] 
[No assurances can be given that such application for 
listing and/or admission to trading will be granted (or, if 
granted, will be granted by the Issue Date.][The Issuer 
has no duty to maintain the listing (if any) of the 
Securities on the relevant stock exchange(s) over their 
entire lifetime.] 
 
 
 
[Not Applicable.] 
 
 
 
[Where documenting a fungible issue, need to indicate 
that original Securities are already admitted to trading.] 
 
 
[Last day of Trading: 
[⚫]] 
 
 
[Estimate of total expenses 
related to admission to trading: 
[⚫]]19 
 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
Ratings: 
[The Securities to be issued have been rated: 
 
 
 
[S & P: [⚫]] 
 
 
 
[Moody's: [⚫]] 
 
 
 
[Fitch:  [⚫]] 
 
 
 
[[Other]: [⚫]] 
 
 
 
Option 1 
 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is established in the EEA and 
registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as 
amended (the "CRA Regulation"). 
 
 
 
Option 2 
 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is not established in the EEA and 
is not registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, 
as amended (the "CRA Regulation"). 
 
 
19 
Delete for Securities with a denomination per Note or Unit Value per Certificate of less than EUR 100,000.

--- Page 896 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 3 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
896 
 
 
 
Option 3 
 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is not established in the EEA but 
the rating it has given to the Securities is endorsed by 
[insert legal name of credit rating agency], which is 
established in the EEA and registered under Regulation 
(EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the "CRA 
Regulation"). 
 
 
 
Option 4 
 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is not established in the EEA but 
is certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as 
amended (the "CRA Regulation").]20 
 
 
 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of 
the ratings if this has previously been published by the 
rating provider.]21 
 
 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated 
to Securities of the type being issued under the Program 
generally or, where the issue has been specifically rated, 
that rating.) 
[The Securities will not be rated].] 
 
3. 
INTERESTS 
OF 
NATURAL 
AND 
LEGAL 
PERSONS 
INVOLVED 
IN 
THE 
[ISSUE/OFFER] 
 
[Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material 
to the issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest.  May be 
satisfied by the inclusion of the following statement:] 
 
 
[Not Applicable]/["So far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the offer of the 
Securities has an interest material to the offer".] or 
[Specify Material Contracts] 
 
 
(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether the new 
matters described constitute a "significant new factor" and consequently trigger the need 
for a supplement to the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation) 
 
4. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS AND TOTAL EXPENSES 
[(i)] 
Reasons for the offer: 
[⚫] 
 
[(ii)] Estimated net proceeds: 
[⚫] 
 
 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use, will 
need to split out and present in order of priority.  If 
proceeds insufficient to fund all proposed uses state 
amount and sources of other funding.) 
 
 
20 
Edit and delete options as appropriate for the relevant rating agency/agencies providing the rating(s). 
21 
Delete for Securities with a denomination per Note or Unit Value per Certificate of EUR 100,000 or more.

--- Page 897 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 3 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
897 
 
[(iii)] 
Estimated 
total 
expenses: 
[⚫] 
 
 
[Include breakdown of expenses.](If the Securities are 
derivative securities to which 
Annex 15 of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 
applies it is only necessary to include disclosure of net 
proceeds and total expenses at (ii) and (iii) above 
where disclosure is included at (i) above.) 
 
5. 
PERFORMANCE OF PREFERENCE SHARE[/EXPLANATION OF EFFECT ON VALUE 
OF 
INVESTMENT 
AND 
ASSOCIATED 
RISKS]22 
AND 
OTHER 
INFORMATION 
CONCERNING THE UNDERLYING 
 
[Not Applicable]/[Need to include details of where past and future performance and 
volatility of the index/equity/formula/other variable can be obtained by electronic means 
and whether or not it can be obtained free of charge [and a clear and comprehensive 
explanation of how the value of the investment is affected by the underlying and the 
circumstances when the risks are most evident.] [Where the underlying is a Preference 
Share include name of issuer of such Preference Share and ISIN or other relevant 
identification number of such underlying.] 
[The value of the Securities is linked to the positive or negative performance of the [specify 
Underlying]. An increase in the [value]/[level] of the [specify Underlying] will have a 
[positive]/[negative] effect on the value of the Securities, and a decrease in the 
[value]/[level] of the [specify Underlying] will have a [positive]/[negative] effect on the 
value of the Securities.] 
[The Final Redemption Amount payable on the Securities is linked to the performance of 
the Preference Share and Securityholders may not receive the amount initially invested, 
and may receive a significantly lesser amount [/subject to the minimum amount specified]. 
The market price or value of the Securities at any time is expected to be affected by changes 
in the value of the Preference Shares to which the Securities are linked. 
The market price or value of the Securities could, in certain circumstances, be affected by 
fluctuations in the actual or anticipated rates of dividend (if any) or any other distributions 
on the Preference Shares.] 
 
 
(When completing this paragraph, consideration should be given as to whether such 
matters described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need 
for a supplement to the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation) 
 
 
The Issuer [intends to provide post-issuance information [specify what information will be 
reported and where it can be obtained]] [does not intend to provide post-issuance 
information].* 
 
6. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
ISIN Code: 
[⚫] 
 
 
Common Code: 
[⚫] 
 
 
SEDOL: 
[[⚫]/Not Applicable] 
 
 
CFI: 
[[⚫]/Not Applicable] 
 
 
FISN: 
[[⚫]/Not Applicable] 
 
 
22 
Delete for Securities with a denomination per Note or Unit Value per Certificate of EUR 100,000 or more.

--- Page 898 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 3 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
898 
 
 
Any clearing system(s) other 
than Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. 
and Clearstream Banking société 
anonyme 
and 
the 
relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable]/[give [name(s)], [addresses of the 
clearing 
system(s)], 
[relevant 
identification 
number(s)] 
 
 
 
[Nordic Securities, specify relevant NCSD and Nordic 
Issuing Agent. 
 
 
 
Finnish Securities:  Finnish CSD:  Euroclear Finland 
Oy, Urho Kekkosen katu 5 C, Box 1110, FI-00101 
Helsinki, Finland 
 
 
 
Swedish Securities:  Swedish CSD:  Euroclear Sweden 
AB, Klarabergsviadukten 63, Box 191, SE 101 23, 
Stockholm, Sweden 
 
 
 
Nordic Issuing Agent: [⚫],[⚫] [give relevant name and 
address] 
 
 
 
[Japan Securities Depositary Center, Inc. [insert 
address]] 
 
 
 
[other relevant clearing system, as applicable]: [⚫], [⚫
] 
[give relevant name and address] 
 
 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
 
Names and addresses of initial 
Paying Agent(s): 
[⚫] 
 
 
Names 
and 
addresses 
of 
additional Paying Agent(s) (if 
any): 
[⚫] 
 
 
Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[Yes][No] 
 
 
 
[Note that the designation "yes" simply means that the 
Securities are intended upon issue to be deposited with 
one of the ICSDs23 as common safekeeper [, and 
registered in the name of a nominee of one of the 
ICSDs acting as common safekeeper]24 [include this 
text for Registered Securities which are to be held 
under the NSS] and does not necessarily mean that the 
Securities will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at 
any or all times during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met.][include this text if 
"yes" selected] 
 
 
23 
International Central Securities Depositories. 
24 
To be included for Registered Securities

--- Page 899 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 3 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
899 
 
 
 
 
[Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the date 
of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria be amended in the future such that the 
Securities are capable of meeting them the Securities 
may then be deposited with one of the ICSDs as 
common safekeeper [, and registered in the name of a 
nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper] 
[include 
this 
text 
for 
Registered 
Securities]. Note that this does not necessarily mean 
that the Securities will then be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra 
day credit operations by the Eurosystem at any time 
during their life.  Such recognition will depend upon 
the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.][include this text if "no" 
selected] 
 
7. 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER 
 
Offer Price: 
[Issue Price] [specify] 
 
 
Conditions to which the offer is 
subject: 
[Not 
Applicable/Offers 
of 
the 
Securities 
are 
conditional upon their issue/give details] 
(Example: Offers of the Securities are conditional 
upon their issue. The Issuer has the right to withdraw 
the offering of the Securities and cancel the issuance 
of the Securities prior to the end of the subscription 
period for any reason. Reasons for the cancellation of 
the offer include, in particular: (i) adverse market 
conditions, as determined by the Issuer in its 
reasonable discretion (such as, for example, increased 
equity market volatility and increased currency 
exchange rate volatility) or (ii) that the number of 
applications received at that time is [insufficient, in the 
Issuer's opinion, to make an economically viable 
issuance][less than [•]].) 
 
 
Description of the application 
process: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
 
Description of possibility to 
reduce subscriptions and manner 
for refunding excess amount paid 
by applicants: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
 
Details of the minimum and/or 
maximum amount of application: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
 
Details of the method and time 
limited for paying up and 
delivering the Securities: 
[Not Applicable/The Securities will be issued on the 
Issue Date against payment to the Issuer of the net 
subscription moneys] 
 
 
Manner in and date on which 
results of the offer are to be made 
public: 
[Not Applicable/give details]

--- Page 900 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 3 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
900 
 
 
Procedure for exercise of any 
right 
of 
pre-emption, 
negotiability 
of 
subscription 
rights 
and 
treatment 
of 
subscription rights not exercised: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
 
Process 
for 
notification 
to 
applicants of the amount allotted 
and 
the 
indication 
whether 
dealing 
may 
begin 
before 
notification is made: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
 
Amount of any expenses and 
taxes specifically charged to the 
subscriber or purchaser: 
[Not Applicable]/[Estimated expenses charged to the 
investor by the relevant Issuer or the offeror are [⚫
].]/[No expenses will be charged by the Issuer to the 
investor, however a subscription charge of up to 
[specify amount] may be charged by the Authorised 
Offeror]/[Not applicable. There are no estimated 
expenses charged to the investor by the Issuer [or the 
Authorised Offeror]/[give details] 
 
 
Name(s) and address(es), to the 
extent known to the Issuer, of the 
placers in the various countries 
where the offer takes place. 
[None/give details] 
 
8. 
PLACING AND UNDERWRITING 
 
Name and address of the co-
ordinator(s) of the global offer 
and of single parts of the offer 
and, to the extend known to the 
issuer or to the offeror, of the 
placers in the various countries 
where the offer takes place: 
[⚫] 
 
 
Name and address of any paying 
agents and depository agents in 
each country: 
[⚫] 
 
 
Entities agreeing to underwrite 
the issue on a firm commitment 
basis, and entities agreeing to 
place the issue without a firm 
commitment or under "best 
efforts" agreements.  Where not 
all of the issue is underwritten, a 
statement of the portion not 
covered: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
[⚫]

--- Page 901 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 3 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
901 
 
9. 
OTHER MARKETS 
 
All the regulated markets or 
equivalent markets on which, to 
the knowledge of the issuer, 
securities of the same class of 
securities to be offered or 
admitted to trading are already 
admitted to trading: 
[[⚫]/None] 
 
10. 
POTENTIAL 
SECTION 
871(m) TRANSACTION 
[Not Applicable]/[The Issuer has determined that the 
Securities should not be subject to withholding under 
Section 871(m) of the Code[, and hereby instructs its 
agents and withholding agents that no such 
withholding is required, unless such agent or 
withholding agent knows or has reason to know 
otherwise].]/[The Issuer has determined that the 
Securities should not be subject to withholding under 
Section 871(m) of the Code because the Relevant 
Underlying is a "qualified index" under the applicable 
U.S. Treasury Regulations[, and hereby instructs its 
agents and withholding agents that no such 
withholding is required, unless such agent or 
withholding agent knows or has reason to know 
otherwise].] /[The Securities are U.S. equity linked 
Securities subject to withholding under Section 
871(m) of the Code.] [For further information please 
[call [•]]/[visit our website at [•]]/[write to [•]].].] 
 
11. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]]  
[If the Securities do not constitute "packaged" 
products, "Not Applicable" should be specified. If the 
Securities may constitute "packaged" products and no 
"key information document" will be prepared, 
"Applicable" should be specified]  
12. 
Prohibition of Sales to UK 
Retail Investors: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]]  
[If the Securities do not constitute "packaged" 
products, "Not Applicable" should be specified. If the 
Securities may constitute "packaged" products and no 
"key information document" will be prepared, 
"Applicable" should be specified] 
13. 
Prohibition of Offer to Private 
Clients in Switzerland: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
14. 
Swiss 
withdrawal 
rights 
pursuant to Article 63(5) of the 
Swiss 
Financial 
Services 
Ordinance:  
[Applicable: If an obligation to prepare a supplement 
to the Base Prospectus pursuant to Article 56(1) FinSA 
is triggered during the Swiss Offer Period, 
subscriptions / purchase orders may be withdrawn 
within two days of publication of the supplement]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(Specify as applicable in case of a Swiss public offer 
where a withdrawal right pursuant to Article 63 of the 
Swiss Financial Services Ordinance is granted) 
15. 
Details 
of 
benchmarks 
administrators 
and 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]]

--- Page 902 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 3 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
902 
 
registration under Benchmark 
Regulation: 
[[specify benchmark]25 is administered by [insert legal 
name of administrator], who as at the Issue Date, 
appears on the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority pursuant 
to Article 36 of the Benchmarks (Regulation (EU) 
2016/2011) 
(the 
"Benchmark 
Regulation").]/[[specify benchmark] is administered 
by [insert legal name of administrator], who as at the 
Issue Date, does not appear on the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmarks 
(Regulation (EU) 2016/2011) (the "Benchmark 
Regulation"). [As far as the Issuer is aware [insert 
legal name of administrator] is not required to be 
registered by virtue of Article 2 of the Benchmark 
Regulation.][As far as the Issuer is aware, the 
transitional provisions in Article 51 of the Benchmark 
Regulation apply, such that [insert legal name of 
administrator] is not currently required to obtain 
authorisation or registration (or if located outside the 
European 
Union, 
recognition, 
endorsement 
or 
equivalence).] 
(repeat as appropriate)26  
 
 
 
 
25 
 An appropriate reference to the relevant benchmark should be included here pursuant to the type of Note. 
26 
 To the extent the Issue Terms apply to multiple benchmarks, repeat as appropriate.

--- Page 903 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 3 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
903 
 
ISSUE-SPECIFIC SUMMARY OF THE SECURITIES 
[Insert]

--- Page 904 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement for Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 3 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
904 
 
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR PREFERENCE SHARE-LINKED SECURITIES 
 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS: 
THE SECURITIES ARE NOT INTENDED TO BE OFFERED, SOLD OR OTHERWISE MADE 
AVAILABLE TO AND SHOULD NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD OR OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE 
TO ANY RETAIL INVESTOR IN THE EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA (THE "EEA"). FOR THESE 
PURPOSES, A RETAIL INVESTOR MEANS A PERSON WHO IS ONE (OR MORE) OF:  
(A) 
A RETAIL CLIENT AS DEFINED IN POINT (11) OF ARTICLE 4(1) OF DIRECTIVE 
2014/65/EU (AS AMENDED OR SUPERSEDED, "MIFID II"); 
(B) 
A CUSTOMER WITHIN THE MEANING OF DIRECTIVE (EU) 2016/97, WHERE THAT 
CUSTOMER WOULD NOT QUALIFY AS A PROFESSIONAL CLIENT AS DEFINED IN 
POINT (10) OF ARTICLE 4(1) OF MIFID II; OR 
(C) 
NOT A QUALIFIED INVESTOR AS DEFINED IN REGULATION (EU) 2017/1129 (AS 
AMENDED, THE "PROSPECTUS REGULATION"). 
CONSEQUENTLY NO KEY INFORMATION DOCUMENT REQUIRED BY REGULATION (EU) NO 
1286/2014 (AS AMENDED, THE "PRIIPS REGULATION") FOR OFFERING OR SELLING THE 
SECURITIES OR OTHERWISE MAKING THEM AVAILABLE TO RETAIL INVESTORS IN THE 
EEA HAS BEEN PREPARED AND THEREFORE OFFERING OR SELLING THE SECURITIES OR 
OTHERWISE MAKING THEM AVAILABLE TO ANY RETAIL INVESTOR IN THE EEA MAY BE 
UNLAWFUL UNDER THE PRIIPS REGULATION.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS: 
THE SECURITIES ARE NOT INTENDED TO BE OFFERED, SOLD OR OTHERWISE MADE 
AVAILABLE TO AND SHOULD NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD OR OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE 
TO ANY RETAIL INVESTOR IN THE UNITED KINGDOM (THE "UK"). FOR THESE PURPOSES, 
A RETAIL INVESTOR MEANS A PERSON WHO IS ONE (OR MORE) OF: 
 (A) 
A RETAIL CLIENT AS DEFINED IN POINT (8) OF ARTICLE 2 OF REGULATION (EU) NO 
2017/565 AS IT FORMS PART OF "RETAINED EU LAW", AS DEFINED IN THE 
EUROPEAN UNION (WITHDRAWAL) ACT 2018 ("EUWA"); 
 (B) 
A CUSTOMER WITHIN THE MEANING OF THE PROVISIONS OF THE FINANCIAL 
SERVICES AND MARKETS ACT 2000 ("FSMA") AND ANY RULES OR REGULATIONS 
MADE UNDER THE FSMA TO IMPLEMENT DIRECTIVE (EU) 2016/97, WHERE THAT 
CUSTOMER WOULD NOT QUALIFY AS A PROFESSIONAL CLIENT AS DEFINED IN 
POINT (8) OF ARTICLE 2(1) OF REGULATION (EU) NO 600/2014 AS IT FORMS PART OF 
"RETAINED EU LAW", AS DEFINED IN THE EUWA; OR 
(C) 
NOT A QUALIFIED INVESTOR AS DEFINED IN ARTICLE 2 OF REGULATION (EU) 
2017/1129 AS IT FORMS PART OF "RETAINED EU LAW", AS DEFINED IN THE EUWA. 
CONSEQUENTLY NO KEY INFORMATION DOCUMENT REQUIRED BY REGULATION (EU) NO 
1286/2014 AS IT FORMS PART OF "RETAINED EU LAW", AS DEFINED IN THE EUWA (THE "UK 
PRIIPS REGULATION") FOR OFFERING OR SELLING THE SECURITIES OR OTHERWISE 
MAKING THEM AVAILABLE TO RETAIL INVESTORS IN THE UK HAS BEEN PREPARED AND 
THEREFORE OFFERING OR SELLING THE SECURITIES OR OTHERWISE MAKING THEM 
AVAILABLE TO ANY RETAIL INVESTOR IN THE UK MAY BE UNLAWFUL UNDER THE UK 
PRIIPS REGULATION.] 
[MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE/PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY 
TARGET MARKET: 
SOLELY FOR THE PURPOSES OF THE MANUFACTURER'S PRODUCT APPROVAL PROCESS, 
THE TARGET MARKET ASSESSMENT IN RESPECT OF THE SECURITIES HAS LED TO THE 
CONCLUSION THAT:

--- Page 905 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement for Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 3 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
905 
 
(A) 
THE TARGET MARKET FOR THE SECURITIES IS ELIGIBLE COUNTERPARTIES AND 
PROFESSIONAL CLIENTS ONLY, EACH AS DEFINED IN [DIRECTIVE 2014/65/EU (AS 
AMENDED, "MIFID II"][MIFID II]; AND  
(B) 
ALL CHANNELS FOR DISTRIBUTION OF THE SECURITIES TO ELIGIBLE 
COUNTERPARTIES AND PROFESSIONAL CLIENTS ARE APPROPRIATE. 
ANY PERSON SUBSEQUENTLY OFFERING, SELLING OR RECOMMENDING THE SECURITIES 
(A "DISTRIBUTOR") SHOULD TAKE INTO CONSIDERATION THE MANUFACTURER'S 
TARGET MARKET ASSESSMENT; HOWEVER, A DISTRIBUTOR SUBJECT TO MIFID II IS 
RESPONSIBLE FOR UNDERTAKING ITS OWN TARGET MARKET ASSESSMENT IN RESPECT 
OF THE SECURITIES (BY EITHER ADOPTING OR REFINING THE MANUFACTURER'S TARGET 
MARKET ASSESSMENT) AND DETERMINING APPROPRIATE DISTRIBUTION CHANNELS.] 
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE/PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY 
TARGET MARKET: 
SOLELY FOR THE PURPOSES OF THE MANUFACTURER'S PRODUCT APPROVAL PROCESS, 
THE TARGET MARKET ASSESSMENT IN RESPECT OF THE SECURITIES HAS LED TO THE 
CONCLUSION THAT:  
(A)  
THE TARGET MARKET FOR THE SECURITIES IS ONLY ELIGIBLE COUNTERPARTIES, 
AS DEFINED IN THE FCA HANDBOOK CONDUCT OF BUSINESS SOURCEBOOK 
("COBS"), AND PROFESSIONAL CLIENTS, AS DEFINED IN REGULATION (EU) NO 
600/2014 AS IT FORMS PART OF "RETAINED EU LAW", AS DEFINED IN THE 
EUROPEAN UNION (WITHDRAWAL) ACT 2018 ("EUWA") ("UK MIFIR"); AND  
(B)  
ALL CHANNELS FOR DISTRIBUTION OF THE SECURITIES TO ELIGIBLE 
COUNTERPARTIES AND PROFESSIONAL CLIENTS ARE APPROPRIATE.  
ANY [PERSON SUBSEQUENTLY OFFERING, SELLING OR RECOMMENDING THE SECURITIES 
(A 
"DISTRIBUTOR")]/[DISTRIBUTOR] 
SHOULD 
TAKE 
INTO CONSIDERATION THE 
MANUFACTURERS' TARGET MARKET ASSESSMENT; HOWEVER, A DISTRIBUTOR SUBJECT 
TO THE FCA HANDBOOK PRODUCT INTERVENTION AND PRODUCT GOVERNANCE 
SOURCEBOOK (THE "UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE RULES") IS RESPONSIBLE FOR 
UNDERTAKING ITS OWN TARGET MARKET ASSESSMENT IN RESPECT OF THE SECURITIES 
(BY EITHER ADOPTING OR REFINING THE MANUFACTURERS' TARGET MARKET 
ASSESSMENT) AND DETERMINING APPROPRIATE DISTRIBUTION CHANNELS.]

--- Page 906 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement for Preference Share-Linked Securities 
(For Section 3 of Additional Terms and Conditions) 
 
 
906 
 
[These Securities are Other Income Securities]1 
Pricing Supplement dated [⚫] 
[MORGAN STANLEY]/[MORGAN STANLEY & CO, INTERNATIONAL plc]/[MORGAN STANLEY 
B.V.]/[MORGAN STANLEY FINANCE LLC] 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): [IGJSJL3JD5P30I6NJZ34]2/[ 4PQUHN3JPFGFNF3BB653]3/[ 
KG1FTTDCK4KNVM3OHB52]4/[ 5493003FCPSE9RKT4B56]5 
Issue of [[Aggregate Nominal Amount][Number of Units] of Tranche] [Title of Securities] 
[Guaranteed by Morgan Stanley] 
under the Regulation S Program for the Issuance of Notes and Certificates, Series A and Series B, and 
Warrants  
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
This document constitutes a Pricing Supplement relating to the issue of Securities described herein.   
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions of 
the Securities set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 15 July 2022 [and the supplement[s] dated [⚫][,[⚫] … 
[⚫]] to the Base Prospectus] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus"). This 
document must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus [as so supplemented].  Full information on 
the Issuer[, the Guarantor] and the offer of the Securities is only available on the basis of the combination 
of this Pricing Supplement and the Base Prospectus. [However, a summary of the Issue is annexed to this 
Pricing Supplement.]6 Copies of the Base Prospectus [and any supplement(s) thereto] are available from 
the offices of Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc at 25 Cabot Square, Canary Wharf, London, E14 
4QA [and on the Issuers' website at http://sp.morganstanley.com/EU/Documents] and copies of the Base 
Prospectus [and any supplement(s) thereto] and this Pricing Supplement are available on the website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange at www.bourse.lu.] 
This Pricing Supplement does not constitute final terms for the purposes of Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation") or the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of "retained EU 
law" as defined in the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "EUWA") (the "UK Prospectus 
Regulation"). The Issuer is not offering the Securities in any jurisdiction in circumstances which would 
require a prospectus pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation. Nor is any person authorised to make such an 
offer of the Securities on behalf of the Issuer nor any Dealer in any jurisdiction. In addition, no application 
has been made (nor is it proposed that any application will be made) for listing the Securities on a regulated 
market for the purposes of the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive (Directive 2014/65/EU, as may 
be amended or replaced from time to time) or Article 2(1)(13A) of Regulation (EU) 600/2014 as it forms 
part of "retained EU law" as defined in the the EUWA. 
 
[(Include whichever of paragraphs 1 to 47 of Part A, the sections titled "United States Taxation", "Third 
Party Information" and paragraphs 1 to 12 of Part B of the "Pro Forma Final Terms for Preference Share-
Linked Securities" apply or specify as "Not Applicable".  Note that the numbering should remain as set out 
therein, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-paragraphs. Italics denote 
guidance for completing the Pricing Supplement)]
 
1 
Insert if Morgan Stanley Finance LLC is the Issuer and the Securities are classified as Other Income Securities. 
  
2 
Insert if Morgan Stanley is the Issuer. 
3 
Insert if Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc is the Issuer. 
4 
Insert if Morgan Stanley B.V. is the Issuer. 
5 
Insert if Morgan Stanley Finance LLC is the Issuer. 
6 
Insert if Securities are for denominations (in the case of Notes) or a Unit Value (in the case of Certificates) lower than EUR 100,000.

--- Page 907 ---
Issue Terms and Drawdown Prospectuses 
 
 
907 
 
ISSUE TERMS AND DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUSES 
In this section the expression "necessary information" means, in relation to any Tranche of Securities, the 
information with regard to the Issuer and the Securities, which according to the particular nature and 
circumstances of the Issuer and the type of Securities, is material to investors for making an informed 
assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, profits and losses and prospects of the Issuer and, 
if applicable, the Guarantor and of the rights attaching to the Securities and the reasons for the issuance and 
its impact on the Issuer.  In relation to the different types of Securities which may be issued under the 
Program, the Issuer and the Guarantor have included in this Base Prospectus all of the necessary information 
except for information relating to the Securities which is not known at the date of this Base Prospectus and 
which can only be determined at the time of an individual issue of a Tranche of Securities. 
Any information relating to the Securities which is not included in this Base Prospectus and which is 
required in order to complete the necessary information in relation to a Tranche of Securities will be 
contained in the relevant Issue Terms. 
For a Tranche of Securities which is the subject of Issue Terms, those Issue Terms will, for the purposes of 
that Tranche only, complete this Base Prospectus and must be read in conjunction with this Base Prospectus.  
The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Securities which is the subject of Issue 
Terms are the Conditions described in the relevant Issue Terms as completed to the extent described in the 
relevant Issue Terms. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Securities which is the subject of a 
Drawdown Prospectus will be the Conditions as completed, amended and/or replaced to the extent 
described in the relevant Drawdown Prospectus.  In the case of a Tranche of Securities which is the subject 
of a Drawdown Prospectus, each reference in this Base Prospectus to information being specified or 
identified in the relevant Issue Terms shall be read and construed as a reference to such information being 
specified or identified in the relevant Drawdown Prospectus unless the context requires otherwise. 
Each Drawdown Prospectus will be constituted either (1) by a single document containing the necessary 
information relating to the Issuer and the Guarantor and the relevant Securities or (2) by a Registration 
Document containing the necessary information relating to the Issuer and the Guarantor, a securities note 
(the "Securities Note") containing the necessary information relating to the relevant Securities and, if 
necessary, a summary note.

--- Page 908 ---
Forms of Securities 
 
 
908 
 
FORMS OF SECURITIES 
Morgan Stanley, MSI plc, MSBV and MSFL may issue Securities in registered form ("Registered 
Securities").  Registered Securities may be in either individual certificate form or global certificate form.  
In addition (i) MSBV and MSI plc may also issue Securities in dematerialised and uncertificated book-
entry form with a Nordic central securities depositary ("Nordic Securities"), and (ii) MSBV and MSI plc 
may also issue Securities in uncertificated registered form ("Uncertificated Securities"). 
Registered Securities 
Registered Securities will be in the form of either individual Security Certificates in registered form 
("Individual Security Certificates") or a global Security in registered form (a "Global Security 
Certificate"), in each case as specified in the relevant Issue Terms.  Each Global Security Certificate will 
either be:  (a) in the case of a Registered Security which is not to be held under the New Safekeeping 
Structure (defined below), registered in the name of a common depositary (or its nominee) for the Relevant 
Clearing System and the relevant Global Security Certificate will be deposited on or about the issue date 
with the common depositary and will be exchangeable in accordance with its terms; or (b) in the case of a 
Registered Security to be held under the new safekeeping structure ("New Safekeeping Structure" or 
"NSS"), be registered in the name of a common safekeeper (or its nominee) for the Relevant Clearing 
System and the relevant Global Security Certificate will be deposited on or about the issue date with the 
common safekeeper for the Relevant Clearing System and will be exchangeable for Individual Security 
Certificates in accordance with its terms. 
If the relevant Issue Terms specify the form of Securities as being "Individual Security Certificates", then 
the Securities will at all times be in the form of Individual Security Certificates issued to each 
Securityholder in respect of their respective holdings. 
If the relevant Issue Terms specify the form of Registered Securities as being "Global Security Certificate 
exchangeable for Individual Security Certificates", then the Securities will initially be in the form of a 
Global Security Certificate which will be exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Individual Security 
Certificates: 
(a) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Issue Terms; or 
(b) 
at any time, if so specified in the relevant Issue Terms; or 
(c) 
if the relevant Issue Terms specify "in the limited circumstances described in the Global Security 
Certificate", then if (a) the Relevant Clearing System is closed for business for a continuous period 
of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or announces an intention permanently to cease 
business or (b) any of the circumstances described in Condition 21 (Events of Default) occurs. 
Whenever the Global Security Certificate is to be exchanged for Individual Security Certificates, the Issuer 
shall procure that Individual Security Certificates will be issued (i) in an aggregate principal amount equal 
to the principal amount of the Global Security Certificate (in the case of Notes) or (ii) for an aggregate 
number of Securities equal to the number of Securities represented by the Global Security Certificate (in 
the case of Certificates) within five business days of the delivery, by or on behalf of the registered holder 
of the Global Security Certificate to the Registrar of such information as is required to complete and deliver 
such Individual Security Certificates (including, without limitation, the names and addresses of the persons 
in whose names the Individual Security Certificates are to be registered and the principal amount (in the 
case of Notes) or the number of Securities (in the case of Certificates) of each such person's holding) against 
the surrender of the Global Security Certificate at the specified office of the Registrar. 
Such exchange will be effected in accordance with the provisions of the Issue and Paying Agency 
Agreement and the regulations concerning the transfer and registration of Securities scheduled thereto and, 
in particular, shall be effected without charge to any holder, but against such indemnity as the Registrar 
may require in respect of any tax or other duty of whatsoever nature which may be levied or imposed in 
connection with such exchange. 
Terms and Conditions applicable to the Registered Securities 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Individual Security Certificate will be endorsed on that 
Individual Security Certificate and will consist of the terms and conditions set out under "Terms and 
Conditions of the Securities" above and the provisions of the relevant Issue Terms which complete those 
terms and conditions.  The terms and conditions applicable to any Global Security Certificate that represents 
a Security will differ from those terms and conditions which would apply to the Security were it in

--- Page 909 ---
Forms of Securities 
 
 
909 
 
individual form to the extent described under "Summary of Provisions relating to the Securities while in 
Global Form" below. 
Nordic Securities 
Securities issued by MSBV or MSI plc and designated as "Finnish Securities" or "Swedish Securities" in 
the applicable Issue Terms will be issued in uncertificated and dematerialised book-entry form in 
accordance with the Finnish or, as applicable, Swedish legislation and all other applicable local laws, 
regulations and operating procedures applicable to and/or issued by the Finnish or, as applicable, Swedish 
central securities depository from time to time (the "NCSD Rules") designated as registrar for the Nordic 
Securities in the relevant Issue Terms (the "NCSD").  Payments of principal, interest (if any) or any other 
amounts on any Nordic Security will be made through the relevant NCSD in accordance with the NCSD 
Rules. 
Uncertificated Securities 
Uncertificated Securities will be held in uncertificated form in accordance with the Uncertificated Securities 
Regulations 2001, including any modification or re-enactment thereof for the time being in force (the 
"Regulations").  The Uncertificated Securities are participating securities for the purposes of the 
Regulations.  Title to the Uncertificated Securities is recorded on the relevant Operator register of eligible 
debt securities (as defined in the Regulations) and the relevant "Operator" (as such term is used in the 
Regulations) in Euroclear UK & Ireland Limited or any additional or alternative operator from time to time 
approved by the Issuer and the Registrar and in accordance with the Regulations.  Securities in definitive 
registered form will not be issued (either upon issue or in exchange for Uncertificated Securities). 
The Euroclear Registrar will make all payments in respect of Uncertificated Securities. 
Eurosystem Eligibility 
Registered Securities in global form which are to be held under the New Safekeeping Structure may be 
issued with the intention that such Securities be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary 
policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem, either upon issue or at any or all times during 
their life. Such recognition will depend upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria as specified 
by the European Central Bank. However, there is no guarantee that such Securities will be recognised as 
eligible collateral. Any other Securities are not intended to be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intraday credit operations by the Eurosystem.

--- Page 910 ---
Summary of Provisions relating to the Securities while in Global Form 
 
 
910 
 
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE SECURITIES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM 
Clearing System Accountholders 
In relation to any Registered Securities (or any Tranche thereof) represented by a Global Security 
Certificate, references in the "Terms and Conditions of the Securities" above to "Securityholder" are 
references to the person in whose name such Global Security Certificate is for the time being registered in 
the Register which, for so long as the Global Security Certificate is held by or on behalf of a depositary or 
a common depositary for the Relevant Clearing System, will be that depositary or common depositary or a 
nominee for that depositary or common depositary. 
Each of the persons shown in the records of the Relevant Clearing System as being entitled to an interest 
in a Global Security Certificate (each an "Accountholder") must look solely to the Relevant Clearing 
System (as the case may be) for such Accountholder's share of each payment made by the relevant Issuer 
to the holder of such Global Security Certificate and in relation to all other rights arising under such Global 
Security Certificate, including any right to exchange any exchangeable Securities or any right to require 
the relevant Issuer to repurchase such Securities.  The respective rules and procedures of the Relevant 
Clearing System from time to time will determine the extent to which, and the manner in which, 
Accountholders may exercise any rights arising under the Global Security Certificate and the timing 
requirements for meeting any deadlines for the exercise of those rights.  For so long as the relevant 
Securities are represented by a Global Security Certificate, Accountholders shall have no claim directly 
against the relevant Issuer in respect of payments due under the Securities and such obligations of the 
relevant Issuer will be discharged by payment to the holder of such Global Security Certificate. 
Exchange of Global Security Certificates 
Whenever a Global Security Certificate is to be exchanged for Individual Security Certificates, the Issuer 
shall procure that Individual Security Certificates will be issued (i) in an aggregate principal amount equal 
to the principal amount of the Global Security Certificate (in the case of Notes) or (ii) for an aggregate 
number of Securities equal to the number of Securities represented by the Global Security Certificate (in 
the case of Certificates) within five business days of the delivery, by or on behalf of the holder of the Global 
Security Certificate to the Registrar of such information as is required to complete and deliver such 
Individual Security Certificates (including, without limitation, the names and addresses of the persons in 
whose names the Individual Security Certificates are to be registered and the principal amount (in the case 
of Notes) or number of Securities (in the case of Certificates) of each such person's holding) against the 
surrender of the Global Security Certificate at the specified office of the Registrar.  Such exchange will be 
effected in accordance with the provisions of the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement and the regulations 
concerning the transfer and registration of Securities scheduled thereto and, in particular, shall be effected 
without charge to any holder, but against such indemnity as the Registrar may require in respect of any tax 
or other duty of whatsoever nature which may be levied or imposed in connection with such exchange. 
If: 
(a) 
Individual Security Certificates have not been delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth 
day after they are due to be issued and delivered in accordance with the terms of the Global 
Security Certificate; or 
(b) 
any of the Securities represented by a Global Security Certificate (or any part of it) has become 
due and payable in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the Securities or the date for final 
redemption of the Securities has occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the amount of 
principal falling due with all accrued interest thereon has not been made to the holder of the Global 
Security Certificate in accordance with the terms of the Global Security Certificate on the due date 
for payment, 
then at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London 
time) on such due date (in the case of (b) above) each Accountholder shall acquire the right under the 
Morgan Stanley Deed of Covenant, the MSI plc Deed of Covenant, the MSBV Deed of Covenant and the 
MSFL Deed of Covenant (the "Deeds of Covenant"), as the case may be, or any Additional Deed of 
Covenant to enforce against the Issuer, the Issuer's obligations to the Securityholder in respect of the 
Securities represented by the Global Security Certificate, including the obligation of the Issuer to make all 
payments and deliveries when due at any time in respect of such Securities as if such Securities had been 
duly presented and (where required by the Conditions) surrendered on the due date in accordance with the 
Conditions.  Each Accountholder shall acquire such right without prejudice to any other rights which the 
Securityholder may have under the Global Security Certificate and the Deeds of Covenant.

--- Page 911 ---
Summary of Provisions relating to the Securities while in Global Form 
 
 
911 
 
Notwithstanding the rights that each Accountholder may acquire under the Deeds of Covenant, payment or 
delivery to the Securityholder in respect of any Securities represented by the Global Security Certificate 
shall constitute a discharge of the Issuer's obligations to the extent of any such payment or delivery and 
nothing in the Deed of Covenant shall oblige the Issuer to make any payment or delivery under the 
Securities to or to the order of any person other than the Securityholder. 
Conditions Applicable to Global Securities 
Each Global Security Certificate will contain provisions which modify the terms and conditions set out in 
"Terms and Conditions of the Securities" as they apply to the Global Security Certificate.  The following is 
a summary of certain of those provisions: 
Payments:  All payments in respect of the Global Security Certificate, which, according to the Terms and 
Conditions of the Securities, require presentation and/or surrender of a Security Certificate will be made 
against presentation and (in the case of payment of principal in full with all interest accrued thereon) 
surrender of the Global Security Certificate at the Specified Office or to the order of any paying agent and 
will be effective to satisfy and discharge the corresponding liabilities of the relevant Issuer in respect of the 
Securities. 
Exercise of Put Option:  In order to exercise the Securityholder's put option set out in Condition 16.7 
(Redemption at the Option of Securityholders) of the Terms and Conditions of the Securities, the holder of 
a Global Security Certificate must, within the period specified therein for the deposit of the relevant Security 
and put notice, give written notice of such exercise to the Fiscal Agent and/or such other person as is 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms specifying the principal amount (in the case of Notes) or number (in 
the case of Certificates) of Securities in respect of which such option is being exercised.  Any such notice 
will be irrevocable and may not be withdrawn. 
Partial Exercise of Call Option:  In connection with an exercise of the option contained in Condition 16.5 
(Redemption at the Option of the Issuer) of the Terms and Conditions of the Securities in relation to some 
but not all of the Securities, the Global Security Certificate may be redeemed in part in the principal amount 
(in the case of Notes) or number of Securities (in the case of Certificates) specified by the Issuer in 
accordance with the Conditions and the Securities to be redeemed will not be selected as provided in the 
Conditions but in accordance with the rules and procedures of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
(to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a 
reduction in principal amount (in the case of Notes) or number of Securities (in the case of Certificates), at 
their discretion). 
Notices:  Notwithstanding Condition 28 (Notices) of the Terms and Conditions of the Securities while all 
the Securities are represented by a Global Security Certificate and the Global Security Certificate is 
deposited with a common depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other 
relevant clearing system or a common safekeeper, notices to Securityholders may be given by delivery of 
the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system 
and, in any case, such notices shall be deemed to have been given to the Securityholders in accordance with 
Condition 28 (Notices) of the Terms and Conditions of the Securities, on the date of delivery to Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system, except that, for so long as the 
Securities are listed on any stock exchange or are admitted to trading by another relevant authority, any 
notice to Securityholders shall be published in accordance with the rules and regulations of each such stock 
exchange or other relevant authority. 
Payment Business Day:  Notwithstanding Condition 2 (Interpretation), the definition of "Payment 
Business Day" in relation to any Global Security Certificate shall be as follows: 
"Payment Business Day" means: 
(a) 
if the currency of payment is euro, any day which is a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on 
which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in each (if any) Additional Business Centre; 
(b) 
if the currency of payment is CNY, any day on which banks and foreign exchange markets are 
open for business and settlement of CNY payments in the Relevant Financial Centre, the place of 
payment and each (if any) Additional Business Centre; or 
(c) 
in any other case, any day which is a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried 
on in the Principal Financial Centre of the currency of payment and in each (if any) Additional 
Business Centre.

--- Page 912 ---
Summary of Provisions relating to the Securities while in Global Form 
 
 
912 
 
Registered Securities 
Notwithstanding Condition 17 (Payments – Registered Securities), each payment in respect of any Global 
Security Certificate shall be made to the person shown in the Register as the registered holder of the 
Securities represented by such Global Security Certificate at the close of business (in the relevant clearing 
system) on the Clearing System Business Day before the due date for such payment (the "Record Date") 
where the "Clearing System Business Day" means a day on which each clearing system for which the 
Global Security Certificate is being held is open for business.

--- Page 913 ---
Description of the MS Dynamic Fund Allocation Index Family  
 
913 
DESCRIPTION OF THE MS DYNAMIC FUND ALLOCATION INDEX FAMILY 
The Issuer may from time to time issue Securities where payments of interest, principal or other amounts 
are linked to the performance of the Index. The following is a description of the index included for the 
purposes of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980.   
This section (the "Index Description") summarises the essential characteristics of the full index 
methodology (the "Index Methodology" or the "Index Rules"), a copy of which is available at the Index 
Description Access Links below: 
Index Name 
Index 
Currency 
Bloomberg Ticker 
Index Description Access Link 
MS 
Dynamic 
Fund 
Allocation Index 
EUR 
MSQTDFAA Index 
https://www.morganstanley.com
/indices/msqtdfaa 
MS 
Dynamic 
Fund 
Allocation Series 2 Index 
EUR 
MSQTDFAB Index 
https://www.morganstanley.com
/indices/msqtdfab 
MS 
Dynamic 
Fund 
Allocation Series 3 Index 
EUR 
MSQTDFAC Index 
https://www.morganstanley.com
/indices/msqtdfac 
MS 
Dynamic 
Fund 
Allocation Series 4 Index 
EUR 
MSQTDFAD Index 
https://www.morganstanley.com
/indices/msqtdfad 
 
Each of the MS Dynamic Fund Allocation Index, the MS Dynamic Fund Allocation Series 2 Index, the MS 
Dynamic Fund Allocation Series 3 Index and the MS Dynamic Fund Allocation Series 4 Index is referred 
to herein as the "Index" and the Indices together are referred to herein as the "MS Dynamic Fund 
Allocation Index Family". The MS Dynamic Fund Allocation Index Family is the exclusive property of 
MSI plc and its affiliates. Morgan Stanley and the MS Dynamic Fund Allocation Index Family are service 
marks of Morgan Stanley and its affiliates and no person or entity should refer to any of the service marks 
without the consent of Morgan Stanley or otherwise use any of the information herein for any purpose other 
than in relation to an investment linked to the MS Dynamic Fund Allocation Index Family. The non-
exclusive right to use this Index as underlying for any products is granted only upon completion of a license 
agreement with Morgan Stanley or its affiliates. The Index Sponsor, the Index Calculation Agent and its 
affiliates disclaim any responsibility for any unauthorised use of the Index by any third party. 
No representation is made by Morgan Stanley or any of its affiliates with respect to the eligibility of the 
Index for investment by any prospective investor. Prospective investors should make their own independent 
analysis of whether the Index meets the eligibility criteria for investment by them and of whether the Index 
responds to their investment needs and objectives.

--- Page 914 ---
Description of the MS Dynamic Fund Allocation Index Family  
 
914 
1. 
Overview 
This Index Description sets out a description of the essential characteristics of the rules and procedures 
applicable to the determination of the value of the Index. Prospective investors should read the entire Index 
Description and Risk Factor 9.8(h) (Securities linked to proprietary indices) before making any investment 
decisions. Defined terms used in the summary are defined in sections 2, 3 and 5 below. 
General Overview 
The Index is a quantitative and rules-based multi-asset index, representing exposure to the performance of 
eight Index Components across Fixed Income, and Equities. The eight Index Components are "Ashmore 
SICAV - Emerging Markets Short Duration" Fund, "BlueBay Investment Grade Bond" Fund, "Allianz 
Strategy 50" Fund, "Morgan Stanley Investment Funds - US Advantage" Fund, "Nordea 1 SICAV - Alpha 
15 MA" Fund, "PIMCO GIS US High Yield Bond" Fund, "Robeco Capital Growth Funds - Robeco Global 
Consumer Trends Equities" Fund, and "Merian Global Investors Series PLC - Merian Global Equity 
Absolute Return" Fund (each an "Index Component" or "Asset" ). On each business day, the level of the 
Index reflects the return of the eight Index Components less fees and costs associated with the Index. 
The weightings of each Index Component are rebalanced weekly with reference to performance and realised 
volatility of each Index Component and correlation of the Index Components. The target volatility level for 
the combined portfolio is 4%. The combined maximum weight of all Index Components is capped in order 
to limit the overall leverage when volatility has been particularly low. 
Volatility refers to the degree of variance in the price level of a particular asset (in this case an Index 
Component) over a given time period. The greater the range of fluctuations in the price over the relevant 
period the higher the volatility. Realised volatility refers to the actual observed volatility of an asset (in this 
case an Index Component) over a given time period.  
Key features of the Index 
The Index provides exposure to the performance of a notional portfolio consisting of the eight Index 
Components. The Index allocation takes into account the diverse risk/return profiles of the eight Index 
Components by risk and performance-based weighting each Index Component based on the 3-month 
performance (the "Performance") and the 3-month realised volatility levels (the "Realised Volatility") of 
each Index Component and correlation between the Index Components. By risk-weighting each Index 
Component the Index aims to target an overall volatility of 4%. Risk and performance-based weighting 
means the strategy tends to reduce exposure to the more volatile and historically worse performing Index 
Components and increase exposure to the less volatile and historically better performing Index Components. 
In general, all other things being equal, this means that as an Index Component experiences a declining 
historical volatility and increasing historical performance with respect to the other Index Components it will 
tend to have an increased weight in the Index. Section 5.3 describes the Index calculation and weighting 
mechanism in full detail. 
Index performance  
The Index Level is calculated on each Index Calculation Day. The change in Index Level on each Index 
Calculation Day represents the return of the Index Components since the previous Index Calculation Day. 
The weighting of each Index Component is rebalanced weekly based on Performance and Realised Volatility 
of each Index Component. Therefore an Index Component with a relatively high Realised Volatility will 
have a lower allocation at the Rebalance Date compared to an Index Component with a relatively low 
Realised Volatility if they have the same volatility target. An Index Component with a relatively low 
Performance will have a lower volatility target at the Rebalance Date compared to an Index Component with 
a relatively high Performance. However, as the levels of both Performance and Realised Volatility are subject 
to changes, it is expected that the allocation of the individual Index Component will also be subject to changes 
during the life of the Index.  
The Index volatility that occurs after a Rebalancing Date may not be exactly matching the Target Volatility, 
since the future Realised Volatility for each Index Component and the correlation between Index 
Components will not necessarily exactly match the historic volatility used when determining the weights. 
Additionally, the level of Realised Volatility does not represent the expected return for that Index 
Component. As such, the weight of an Index Component could increase (decrease) since the previous weekly

--- Page 915 ---
Description of the MS Dynamic Fund Allocation Index Family  
 
915 
rebalance, resulting from falling (rising) volatility but in either case can have a positive or negative effect on 
the performance of the Index. 
The Index performance reflects the positive and negative performance of each Index Component. In general 
if an Index Component has a positive performance it will contribute to a positive Index performance, whereas 
negative performance of an Index Component will contribute to a negative Index performance. 
Description of each Index Component 
(i) 
The "Ashmore SICAV - Emerging Markets Short Duration" Fund is a sub-fund of Ashmore 
SICAV, a UCITs SICAV incorporated under Luxembourg law. The "Ashmore SICAV - Emerging 
Markets Short Duration" Fund is managed by Ashmore Investment Management Limited and is 
an actively managed fund that primarily invests in short term emerging market transferable 
securities which are debt in nature. Fund shares are denominated in EUR. 
(ii) 
The "BlueBay Investment Grade Bond" Fund is a sub-fund of BlueBay Funds, a UCITs SICAV 
incorporated under Luxembourg law. The "BlueBay Investment Grade Bond" Fund is managed 
by BlueBay Funds Management Company S.A. and is an actively managed fund that invests at 
least two-thirds of its net assets in fixed income securities rated investment grade and issued by 
entities domiciled within European countries whose sovereign long term debt rating is investment 
grade. Fund shares are denominated in EUR. 
(iii) 
The "Allianz Strategy 50" Fund is a sub-fund of Allianz European Pension Investments SICAV, a 
UCITs SICAV incorporated under Luxembourg law. The "Allianz Strategy 50" Fund is managed 
by Allianz Global Investors GmbH and is an actively managed fund that invests in a balanced 
portfolio consisting of 50% global equity and 50% medium-term Euro bonds. Fund shares are 
denominated in EUR. 
(iv) 
The "Morgan Stanley Investment Funds - US Advantage" Fund is a sub-fund of Morgan Stanley 
Investment Funds, a UCITs SICAV incorporated under Luxembourg law. The "Morgan Stanley 
Investment Funds - US Advantage" Fund is managed by MSIM Fund Management (Ireland) 
Limited and is an actively managed fund that primarily invests in securities issued by U.S. 
companies and on an ancillary basis in securities issued by companies that are not from the 
U.S.. Fund shares are denominated in EUR. 
(v) 
The "Nordea 1 SICAV - Alpha 15 MA Fund" Fund is a sub-fund of Nordea 1, a UCITs SICAV 
incorporated under Luxembourg law. The "Nordea 1 SICAV - Alpha 15 MA" Fund is managed 
by Nordea Investment Management AB and is an actively managed fund that primarily invests, 
directly or through derivatives, in various asset classes such as equities, bonds, money market 
instruments and currencies from anywhere in the world. Fund shares are denominated in EUR. 
(vi) 
The "PIMCO GIS US High Yield Bond" Fund is a sub-fund of PIMCO Funds: Global Investors 
Series plc, a UCITs open-ended investment company with variable capital incorporated with 
limited liability under the laws of Ireland. The "PIMCO GIS US High Yield Bond" Fund is 
managed by PIMCO Global Advisors (Ireland) Limited and is an actively managed fund that 
primarily invests in at least two-thirds of its total net assets in a diversified portfolio of high yield 
Fixed Income Instruments that are rated lower than Baa by Moody's or lower than BBB by S&P 
or equivalently rated by Fitch. Fund shares are denominated in EUR. 
(vii) 
The "Robeco Capital Growth Funds - Robeco Global Consumer Trends Equities" Fund is a sub-
fund of Robeco Capital Growth Funds, a UCITs SICAV incorporated under Luxembourg law. The 
"Robeco Capital Growth Funds - Robeco Global Consumer Trends Equities" Fund is managed by 
Robeco Luxembourg S.A. and is an actively managed fund that primarily invests in international 
stocks of companies in consumer-related industries. Fund shares are denominated in EUR. 
(viii) 
The "Merian Global Investors Series PLC - Merian Global Equity Absolute Return" Fund is a sub-
fund of Merian Global Investors Series plc, a UCITs investment company with variable capital 
incorporated with limited liability in Ireland. The "Merian Global Investors Series PLC - Merian 
Global Equity Absolute Return" Fund is managed by Merian Global Investors (UK) Limited and 
is an actively managed fund that primarily invests in a long and short portfolio of equity securities 
of companies located worldwide. Fund shares are denominated in EUR.

--- Page 916 ---
Description of the MS Dynamic Fund Allocation Index Family  
 
916 
General Information  
The Index has been calculated by the Index Calculation Agent since 31st July 2019 (the "Index Live Date"). 
The Index is calculated on each Index Calculation Day and was constituted by the Index Sponsor, with an 
Initial Index Level of 100 as of 12th January 2011 (the "Index Base Date"). Following the initial Index 
composition, the Index Sponsor has retrospectively rebalanced and calculated the Index from the Index Base 
Date until the Index Live Date. 
Unless otherwise stated, all determinations of the Index Sponsor and Index Calculation Agent shall be made 
according to the terms set out herein and save for manifest error, all such determinations shall be binding on 
all relevant parties. 
The Index is an excess return index.  
The Index Currency is Euro. 
2. 
Index Sponsor 
The Index has been developed and is operated by MSI plc (in this Index Description, the "Index Sponsor" 
or "Morgan Stanley"). 
As at the date of publication of this document, MSI plc does not appear on the register of benchmark 
administrators established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority pursuant to 
Article 36 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 8 June 2016 on 
indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and financial contracts or to measure the performance 
of investment funds (the "Regulation"). As far as the Issuers are aware, the transitional provisions in Article 
51 of the Benchmark Regulation apply, such that the Index Sponsor is not currently required to obtain 
authorisation or registration (or, if located outside the European Union, recognition, endorsement or 
equivalence). 
The Index Sponsor retains the final discretion as to the manner in which the Index is calculated and 
constructed, and is the final authority on the Index and the interpretation and application of the calculation 
methodology. 
The Index Sponsor is not acting as a manager or an investment advisor in relation to the Index and has no 
fiduciary duty to any person or investor in respect of the Index. 
The Index Sponsor makes no representation (implied or otherwise) as to the performance of any underlying 
Index Components and/or the Index. 
3. 
Index Calculation Agent 
The Index is calculated by MSI plc (the "Index Calculation Agent"). 
The Index Calculation Agent is responsible for compiling and calculating the Index pursuant to the Rules. 
The Index Sponsor retains the discretion to terminate the appointment of the Index Calculation Agent and 
to appoint an alternative Index Calculation Agent. 
The Index Calculation Agent expressly disclaims all liability for any inaccuracy in calculations and the 
publication of the Index, the information used for making adjustments to the Index and the actual 
adjustments. 
The Index Calculation Agent makes no representation (implied or otherwise) as to the performance of any 
underlying Index Component of the Index and/or the Index. 
4. 
Index data 
The Index is calculated on the basis of publicly available third party data. In particular, the Index will utilise 
the official levels for the following reference underlying assets referenced in section 5.2, as published on 
Bloomberg.

--- Page 917 ---
Description of the MS Dynamic Fund Allocation Index Family  
 
917 
5. 
Index Composition and Calculation 
This section outlines the key steps in constructing and calculating the Index, including weighting, scheduled 
review timetable and timing of the daily Index level publication. 
5.1 
 
Index Calculation Days, Rebalancing and Rolling 
Index Calculation Days 
The initial Index Level was set at 100 on the Index Base Date, which was also the first Rebalance Date. 
Following the Index Base Date, the Index Level is calculated on each Index Calculation Day. An Index 
Calculation Day is a weekday that is also a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets 
settle payments and are open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in London, New York, Luxembourg, Frankfurt and Dublin.  
Rebalancing 
The Index rebalances weekly every Wednesday. If a Wednesday is not an Index Calculation Day, then the 
Index rebalances on the following Index Calculation Day. 
5.2 
 
Inputs 
For the Index Level calculation which is described in section 5.3, several input numbers are required. This 
section explains and states these input numbers. 
Asset Prices 
The Index consists of 𝐴𝑠𝑠𝑒𝑡𝑠 𝑖= 1, … 𝑛.  
The variable 𝑝𝑖(𝑡) refers to the level of the relevant Index Component i at time t. For all Index Components, 
a daily published NAV is used, provided that the Index Calculation Agent may determine the level at a 
different time on such Index Calculation Day if, acting in good faith, the Index Calculation Agent 
determines that the daily published NAV is not indicative of the prevailing market level. 
Below are the Bloomberg tickers used to obtain input data: 
p1 (t): Ashmore SICAV - Emerging Markets Short Duration Fund (Bloomberg Ticker: AEMSRAE LX 
Index) 
p2 (t): BlueBay Investment Grade Bond Fund (Bloomberg Ticker: BBGRABF LX Index) 
p3 (t): Allianz Strategy 50 Fund (Bloomberg Ticker: ALSFFCT LX Index) 
p4 (t): Morgan Stanley Investment Funds - US Advantage Fund (Bloomberg Ticker: MORAMAH LX 
Index) 
p5 (t): Nordea 1 SICAV - Alpha 15 MA Fund (Bloomberg Ticker: NMAPBPE LX Index) 
p6 (t): PIMCO GIS US High Yield Bond Fund (Bloomberg Ticker: PIMHEHD ID Index) 
p7 (t): Robeco Capital Growth Funds - Robeco Global Consumer Trends Equities Fund (Bloomberg Ticker: 
RGCCGED LX Index) 
p8 (t): Merian Global Investors Series PLC - Merian Global Equity Absolute Return Fund (Bloomberg 
Ticker: OMEAEHA ID Index) 
Index Target Volatility 
The Index has a Target Volatility of: 
targetVol = 4%

--- Page 918 ---
Description of the MS Dynamic Fund Allocation Index Family  
 
918 
Target Volatility Contribution 
Each Asset is targeted to contribute a certain proportion to the overall Index volatility, which is determined 
by its past performance. The Volatility Contributions for the Assets with performance ranked 1,...,8 are: 
𝜔𝑅𝐴𝑁𝐾=1 = 0.30 
𝜔𝑅𝐴𝑁𝐾=2 = 0.25 
𝜔𝑅𝐴𝑁𝐾=3 = 0.20 
𝜔𝑅𝐴𝑁𝐾=4 = 0.15 
𝜔𝑅𝐴𝑁𝐾=5 = 0.10 
𝜔𝑅𝐴𝑁𝐾=6 = 0.00 
𝜔𝑅𝐴𝑁𝐾=7 = 0.00 
𝜔𝑅𝐴𝑁𝐾=8 = 0.00 
Index Fee  
The Index includes an annualised Index Fee m which is deducted from the Index Level on a daily basis. 
The level of the Index Fee will be specific for each Index in the MS Dynamic Fund Index Family. The 
Index Fee will be specified in the applicable Issue Terms in respect of the Securities. 
Overall Weight Cap 
The sum of weights of all Asset is capped to prevent position sizes growing too large in low volatility 
environments. The cap for the sum of overall weights is: 
leverageCap = 2.0  
Funding Cost Adjustments 
Returns of the Assets are adjusted by an interest rate plus a spread due to funding requirements. Funds 
typically require cash to purchase. The rate plus any spread for each Index Component are specified below, 
provided that the Index Calculation Agent may determine a different spread if, acting in good faith, the 
Index Calculation Agent determines that the levels below are not sustainable given prevailing market 
circumstances: 
rate1 (t) : EUR 3-Month EURIBOR (Bloomberg Ticker: EUR003M Index) +65bps 
rate2 (t) : EUR 3-Month EURIBOR (Bloomberg Ticker: EUR003M Index) +65bps 
rate3 (t) : EUR 3-Month EURIBOR (Bloomberg Ticker: EUR003M Index) +65bps 
rate4 (t) : EUR 3-Month EURIBOR (Bloomberg Ticker: EUR003M Index) +65bps 
rate5 (t) : EUR 3-Month EURIBOR (Bloomberg Ticker: EUR003M Index) +65bps 
rate6 (t) : EUR 3-Month EURIBOR (Bloomberg Ticker: EUR003M Index) +65bps 
rate7 (t) : EUR 3-Month EURIBOR (Bloomberg Ticker: EUR003M Index) +65bps 
rate8 (t): EUR 3-Month EURIBOR (Bloomberg Ticker: EUR003M Index) +65bps 
5.3 
 
Index Level Calculation 
(a) 
Definitions 
This section describes the calculation of the Index Levels in detail. For that purpose, the following variables 
and functions are introduced:

--- Page 919 ---
Description of the MS Dynamic Fund Allocation Index Family  
 
919 
t: t is the current Index Calculation Day, t − 1 the previous Index Calculation Day, t − 2 two Index 
Calculation Days prior to the current Index Calculation Day, etc. 
Index(t) describes the Index level at time t. 
PRD(t): Rebalance Date previous to t. If it is a Rebalance Day, PRD(t) is the Rebalance Date one week 
before, i.e. it is t > PRD(t) at all times. 
EWi (t): Effective Weight for Asset i 
Ri (t): Return since last Rebalance Date for Asset i 
IF(t): Index Fee since last Rebalance Date 
ARi (t): Return since last Rebalance Date for Asset i (without Funding Cost adjustment) 
FCi (t): Funding Cost since last Rebalance Date for Asset i 
DARi (t): Daily Return since last Rebalance Date for Asset i (without FX and Funding Cost adjustment) 
PERFi (t): The performance of Asset i 
VCi (t): Volatility Contribution of Asset i 
IWi (t): Initial Weight for Asset i 
SF (t): Scale Factor that adjusts Initial Weights to reach the Index Target Volatility 
VOL21i (t): Price volatility of the last 21 Index Calculation Days of Asset i 
VOL63i (t): Price volatility of the last 63 Index Calculation Days of Asset i 
CORR21ij (t): Correlation of the returns from the last 21 Index Calculation Days between Asset i and Asset 
j 
CORR63ij (t): Correlation of the returns from the last 63 Index Calculation Days between Asset i and Asset 
j 
PVOL21(t): 21-day Portfolio Volatility using Initial Weights 
PVOL63(t): 63-day Portfolio Volatility using Initial Weights 
ROUND(p,q): Rounds number p to q decimal places 
ACCR(r,s): Number of calendar days between dates r and s  
RANK (ui): Returns the rank of ui within all u 
 
Fund 
Means a mutual fund, investment company or other pooled investment vehicle 
issuing fund units (each a "Fund Unit") which is also an Index Component.  
Fund Documents 
Means, in respect of a Fund, the constitutive and governing documents, 
subscription agreements and 
other agreements of the Fund specifying the 
terms and conditions relating to such Fund. 
Fund Extraordinary 
Event 
The events specified as such in section 7. 
Fund 
Service 
Provider 
Means, in respect of a Fund, any person who is appointed to provide 
services, directly or indirectly, for that Fund, whether or not specified in 
the Fund Documents, including any fund investment adviser, fund

--- Page 920 ---
Description of the MS Dynamic Fund Allocation Index Family  
 
920 
administrator, manager, sub-manager, any person appointed in the role of 
discretionary investment manager or non-discretionary investment adviser 
(including a non-discretionary investment adviser to a discretionary manager 
or another non-discretionary investment adviser) for such Fund (the "Fund 
Adviser"), trustee or similar person with the primary administrative 
responsibilities for such Fund, operator, management company, depository, 
custodian, sub-custodian, prime broker, registrar and transfer agent and 
domiciliary agent. 
Fund Unit 
Means, in respect of a Fund, any share or unit of such Fund. 
Fund Valuation Day 
Means, in respect of each Fund observed separately, any date as defined in the 
Fund Documents in respect of which (i) the official net asset value of such 
Fund is reported in accordance with its Fund Documents; (ii) such Fund (or 
the primary Fund Service Provider on behalf of such Fund) is open for business 
and (iii) the Fund is open for market participants in general to effect 
subscriptions and/or redemptions of Fund Units on such day pursuant to a 
Valid Order submitted on such day (including there being no gate, deferral, 
suspension or other provisions in the Fund Documents subsisting on such day 
which permits such Fund to delay or refuse subscription and/or redemption 
orders). 
Hypothetical 
Replicating Party 
Means any party or holder (including, without limitation, Morgan Stanley and 
any of its affiliates) to Hypothetical Hedge Positions in such jurisdiction(s) as 
determined by the Index Calculation Agent. 
Hypothetical Hedge 
Positions 
Means the hypothetical purchase, sale, entry into or maintenance, by a 
Hypothetical Replicating Party, of one or more (i) positions or contracts in 
Fund Unit(s), shares, debt instruments, options, futures, derivatives, interest 
rate 
transactions or foreign exchange transactions, 
(ii) securities 
lending/borrowing transactions, (iii) any cash deposits or cash borrowings 
and/or (iv) other instruments, arrangements, assets or liabilities howsoever 
described, for the purposes of replicating the Index or hedging products linked 
to the performance of the Index. 
 
(b) 
Index Level Calculation 
The Index Level on an Index Calculation Day is determined by adding the weighted returns since last 
Rebalance Date of each Index Component to the Index Level from the previous Rebalance Date and 
deducting the Index Fee. Thus, the Index Level is calculated as: 
• 
The Index Level on the previous Rebalance Date 
• 
multiplied by 
1 plus the sum over each Assets' product of Effective Weight and Return since last Rebalance Date 
• 
minus the Index Fee since last Rebalance Date 
• 
rounded to 9 decimal places 
As a formula: 
𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥(𝑡) = 𝑅𝑂𝑈𝑁𝐷(𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥(𝑃𝑅𝐷(𝑡)) × (1 + ∑𝐸𝑊𝑖(𝑡) × 𝑅𝑖(𝑡)
𝑛
𝑖=1
) −𝐼𝐹(𝑡), 9)

--- Page 921 ---
Description of the MS Dynamic Fund Allocation Index Family  
 
921 
For the avoidance of doubt, 64 Index Calculation Days are required for the Effective Weights 𝐸𝑊𝑖(𝑡) to be 
determined. As such, the Initial Index Level of 100 is determined on the Index Base Date, which is the 65th 
Index Calculation Date.  
(c) 
Calculation of Asset Returns 
For the calculation of the Index Level above, it is necessary to compute the return of each Asset since last 
Rebalance Date, Ri (t). The return can take into account a number of factors including price movements and 
funding costs. The first step is to determine the Daily Asset Returns DARi for each Asset. 
Daily Asset Return 
The Daily Asset Return calculates the change in asset prices since the previous Index Calculation Day. It 
is calculated as: 
• 
The current asset price divided by previous Index Calculation Day's asset price 
• 
minus 1 
As a formula: 
𝐷𝐴𝑅𝑖(𝑡) =
𝑝𝑖(𝑡)
𝑝𝑖(𝑡−1) −1 
Asset Return since last Rebalance Date 
From the Daily Asset Return, the Asset Return since last Rebalance Date ARi (t) can be calculated. If the 
last Index Calculation Day was a Rebalance Date then the Asset Return since last Rebalance Date is the 
Daily Asset Return DARi (t), otherwise it is calculated as: 
• 
1 plus the Asset Return since last Rebalance Date of the previous Index Calculation Day 
• 
multiplied by 
1 plus the Daily Asset Return 
As a formula: 
𝐴𝑅𝑖= { 𝐷𝐴𝑅𝑖(𝑡),                                                                  𝑖𝑓 𝑡−1 = 𝑃𝑅𝐷(𝑡)
(1 + 𝐴𝑅𝑖(𝑡−1)) × (1 + 𝐷𝐴𝑅𝑖(𝑡)) −1,
𝑜𝑡ℎ𝑒𝑟𝑤𝑖𝑠𝑒
 
 
Return since last Rebalance Date 
To get to the Return since last Rebalance Date Ri (t), the Asset Returns since last Rebalance Date  
ARi (t) may need to be adjusted by a Funding Cost. The funding cost adjustment is relevant for Fund Assets 
as a Fund Asset requires cash to purchase. The Return since last Rebalance Date Ri (t) is calculated as: 
• 
The Asset Return since last Rebalance Date minus the Funding Costs since last Rebalance Date 
As a formula: 
𝑅𝑖(𝑡) = (𝐴𝑅𝑖(𝑡) −𝐹𝐶𝑖(𝑡)) 
 
Funding Costs since last Rebalance Date 
To take into account the effect of funded investments a funding cost adjustment is required. The Funding 
Costs are based on the interest rates stated in section 5.2 under the heading Funding Cost Adjustments. If the

--- Page 922 ---
Description of the MS Dynamic Fund Allocation Index Family  
 
922 
last Index Calculation Day was a Rebalance Date, Funding Costs since last Rebalance Date FCi (t) are 
calculated as: 
• 
The interest rate at previous Index Calculation Day 
• 
multiplied by the number of accrued days between current and previous Index Calculation Day 
divided by 360 
and if the last Index Calculation Day was not a Rebalance Date: 
• 
The interest rate at previous Index Calculation Day 
• 
multiplied by the number of accrued days between current and previous Index Calculation Day 
divided by 360 
• 
multiplied by 
1 plus the Asset Return since last Rebalance Date on the previous Index Calculation Day  
plus the Funding Cost since last Rebalance Date on the previous Index Calculation Day 
• 
plus the Funding Cost since last Rebalance Date on the last Index Calculation Day 
As a formula: 
𝐹𝐶𝑖(𝑡)
= {
𝑟𝑎𝑡𝑒𝑖(𝑡−1) × 𝐴𝐶𝐶𝑅(𝑡, 𝑡−1)
360
,                                                                                                  𝑖𝑓 𝑡−1 =  𝑃𝑅𝐷(𝑡)
𝐹𝐶𝑖(𝑡−1) + (1 + 𝐴𝑅𝑖(𝑡−1) + 𝐹𝐶𝑖(𝑡−1)) × 𝑟𝑎𝑡𝑒𝑖(𝑡−1) × 𝐴𝐶𝐶𝑅(𝑡, 𝑡−1)
360
,
𝑜𝑡ℎ𝑒𝑟𝑤𝑖𝑠𝑒
 
 
(d) 
Calculation of Asset Weights 
Apart from the Returns since last Rebalance Date, the Effective Weights EWi (t) for each Asset is required 
to calculate the Index Level. The Effective Weights change on a weekly basis as part of the rebalancing 
process. To calculate the Effective Weights there are several steps including consideration of the 
performance, volatility and correlation of the Index Components. Firstly, the Volatility Contributions VCi 
(t) are calculated based on the past performance of Asset i. 
Volatility Contributions 
Each Asset is targeted to contribute a certain proportion VCi (t) to the overall Index volatility, which is 
determined by its performance over a fixed past observation period.  
As the Returns of the Fund Assets are on a funded basis, the return from the funding rate needs to be 
deducted. The performance of a Fund Asset is calculated over an observation period N. The observation 
period N will be specific for each Index in the MS Dynamic Fund Allocation Index Family.  
• 
The sum over the most recent N values of: 
– 
The Daily Asset Return 
– 
minus 
The interest rate at previous Index Calculation Day multiplied by the number of accrued days between 
current and previous Index Calculation Day divided by 360 
As a formula: 
𝑃𝐸𝑅𝐹𝑖(𝑡) = ∑(𝐷𝐴𝑅𝑖(𝑡−𝑗) −𝑟𝑎𝑡𝑒𝑖(𝑡−1 −𝑗) × 𝐴𝐶𝐶𝑅(𝑡−𝑗, 𝑡−1 −𝑗)
360
)
𝑁
𝑗=1

--- Page 923 ---
Description of the MS Dynamic Fund Allocation Index Family  
 
923 
for i = 1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8. 
The performance numbers from all assets can then be ranked. The volatility contribution VCi (t) of Asset i 
is then the weight according to its rank (see 4.2 under Target Volatility Contribution): 
𝑉𝐶𝑖(𝑡) = 𝜔𝑅𝐴𝑁𝐾(𝑃𝐸𝑅𝐹𝑖(𝑡)) 
Initial Weights 
As a next step, the Initial Weights IWi (t) are calculated, which do not yet take into account correlations 
between the Assets. 
• 
The Target Volatility of the Index 
• 
multiplied by the volatility proportion of the relevant Asset wi (see section 5.2) 
• 
divided by the Asset price volatility of the last 63 Index Calculation Days 
As a formula: 
𝐼𝑊𝑖(𝑡) = 𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑔𝑒𝑡𝑉𝑜𝑙× 𝑉𝐶𝑖(𝑡)
𝑉𝑂𝐿63𝑖(𝑡)
 
Scale Factor 
If Asset Returns among the portfolio are not perfectly positively correlated, then the Portfolio Volatility 
calculated from the Initial Weights will be less than the Index Target Volatility. Hence, the Initial Weights 
are scaled by the Scale Factor SF(t) in order to reach the Index Target Volatility. To constrain leverage 
below the desired Overall Weight Cap, the Scale Factor is constrained by the ratio of leverage cap to the 
sum of the Initial Weights. The Scale Factor is calculated as the minimum of: 
• 
The Target Volatility of the Index divided by the maximum of (i) the 21-day Portfolio Volatility 
and (ii) the 63-day Portfolio Volatility 
• 
Overall Weight Cap leverageCap divided by the sum of Initial Weights 
As a formula: 
𝑆𝐹(𝑡) = min (
𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑔𝑒𝑡𝑉𝑜𝑙
max(𝑃𝑉𝑂𝐿21(𝑡), 𝑃𝑉𝑂𝐿63(𝑡)) , 𝑙𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑟𝑎𝑔𝑒𝐶𝑎𝑝
∑𝐼𝑊𝑖(𝑡)
8
𝑖
) 
The consideration of two different lookback periods (21 and 63 days) for the Portfolio Volatility is intended 
to make the weight allocation more conservative and decrease the likelihood that the Index Volatility Target 
will be exceeded. 
Effective Weights 
From the Initial Weights and the Scale Factor, the Effective Weight for each Asset can be calculated. The 
Effective Weight is the product of Scale Factor and Initial Weight, capped if the weight exceeds the limit 
defined for each Index Component. If the last Index Calculation Day was a Rebalance Date, then the 
Effective Weight is calculated as: 
• 
The product of the Scaling Factor at the previous Rebalance Date and the Initial Weight at previous 
Rebalance Date 
• 
rounded to 3 decimal places 
and if the last Index Calculation Day was not a Rebalance Date, then the Effective Weight at the current 
Index Calculation Day equals the Effective Weight from the previous Index Calculation Day. 
As a formula:

--- Page 924 ---
Description of the MS Dynamic Fund Allocation Index Family  
 
924 
𝐸𝑊𝑖(𝑡) = {
𝑅𝑂𝑈𝑁𝐷(
𝑆𝐹(𝑡−3) × 𝐼𝑊𝑖(𝑡−3) , 3),
𝑖𝑓 𝑡−1 = 𝑃𝑅𝐷(𝑡)
𝐸𝑊𝑖(𝑡−1),                                                                              𝑜𝑡ℎ𝑒𝑟𝑤𝑖𝑠𝑒
 
 
Asset Volatility Calculations 
This section describes the calculation of the asset volatilities that are used in the calculation of the Initial 
Weights and the Scaling Factor. 
VOL63i (t) is the volatility of Asset i's previous 62 daily returns DARi (t) (which are calculated from the last 
63 prices on Index Calculation Days). It is calculated as the annualised standard deviation of the previous 
62 Daily Asset Returns. In the theoretical case that prices have not moved in the last 63 Index Calculation 
Days the volatility would be zero. As a zero volatility would cause an error in calculating the Initial 
Weights, the volatility is set to 0.01% in that case. 
As a formula: 
𝑉𝑂𝐿63′𝑖(𝑡) = √1
61 ∑(𝐷𝐴𝑅𝑖(𝑡−𝑗) −𝜇63,𝑖)2
62
𝑗=1
× √252 
and 
𝑉𝑂𝐿63𝑖(𝑡) = {𝑉𝑂𝐿63′
𝑖(𝑡),       𝑖𝑓 𝑉𝑂𝐿63′
𝑖(𝑡) > 0
0.0001,               𝑜𝑡ℎ𝑒𝑟𝑤𝑖𝑠𝑒
 
where µ63,i is the mean of the last 62 Daily Asset Returns, calculated as: 
𝜇63,𝑖= 1
62 ∑(𝐷𝐴𝑅𝑖(𝑡−𝑘))
62
𝑘=1
 
The 21-day volatility is defined as the annualised standard deviation of the last 20 Daily Asset Returns, 
similar to the 63-day volatility: 
𝑉𝑂𝐿21′𝑖(𝑡) = √1
19 ∑(𝐷𝐴𝑅𝑖(𝑡−𝑗) −𝜇21,𝑖)2
20
𝑗=1
× √252 
and 
𝑉𝑂𝐿21𝑖(𝑡) = {𝑉𝑂𝐿21′
𝑖(𝑡),       𝑖𝑓 𝑉𝑂𝐿21′
𝑖(𝑡) > 0
0.0001,               𝑜𝑡ℎ𝑒𝑟𝑤𝑖𝑠𝑒
 
where µ21,i is the mean of the last 20 Daily Asset Returns, calculated as: 
𝜇21,𝑖= 1
20 ∑(𝐷𝐴𝑅𝑖(𝑡−𝑘))
20
𝑘=1
 
 
Portfolio Volatility Calculations 
To calculate the volatility of the portfolio of Assets the volatility of each Asset and the correlations between 
the Assets are required. For the purposes of calculating the Effective Weights both the 21 day and 63 day 
Portfolio Volatility is required. 
The mathematical rules for matrix multiplication are applied to determine the Portfolio Volatilities. The 21-
day portfolio volatility is calculated as the square root of the product of vector (a), matrix (c) and vector

--- Page 925 ---
Description of the MS Dynamic Fund Allocation Index Family  
 
925 
(b). The 63-day Portfolio Volatility is calculated as the square root of the product of vector (a), matrix (d) 
and vector (b), where 
(a) is a row vector that includes the Initial Weight for each Asset 
(b) is a column vector that includes the Initial Weight for each Asset 
(c) is the covariance matrix for the last 21 Index Calculation Days. The matrix has n rows and n 
columns, where n is the number of assets. The item in row i and column j in the matrix is the 
product of (i), (ii) and (iii), where: 
(i) equals the price volatility of Asset i of the last 21 days 
(ii) equals the price volatility of Asset j of the last 21 days 
(iii) equals the correlation between Asset i and Asset j of the last 21 days 
(d) is the covariance matrix for the last 63 Index Calculation Days. The matrix has n rows and n 
columns, where n is the number of assets. The item in row i and column j in the matrix is the 
product of (i), (ii) and (iii), where: 
(i) equals the price volatility of Asset i of the last 63 days 
(ii) equals the price volatility of Asset j of the last 63 days 
(iii) equals the correlation between Asset i and Asset j of the last 63 days 
Expressed as formulas, the Portfolio Volatilities are calculated as follows: 
𝑃𝑉𝑂𝐿21(𝑡) = √𝑥′𝐴𝑥 
and 
𝑃𝑉𝑂𝐿63(𝑡) = √𝑥′𝐵𝑥 
where x is a n × 1 vector consisting of the initial weights: 
𝑥= [
𝐼𝑊1(𝑡)
⋮
𝐼𝑊𝑛(𝑡)
] 
and x' is the transposed vector of x. A and B are the covariance matrices for 21 and 63 days respectively, 
with dimension n × n: 
𝐴= [
𝐶𝑂𝑅𝑅2111(𝑡) × 𝑉𝑂𝐿211(𝑡) × 𝑉𝑂𝐿211(𝑡)
⋯
𝐶𝑂𝑅𝑅211𝑛(𝑡) × 𝑉𝑂𝐿211(𝑡) × 𝑉𝑂𝐿21𝑛(𝑡)
⋮
⋱
⋮
𝐶𝑂𝑅𝑅21𝑛1(𝑡) × 𝑉𝑂𝐿21𝑛(𝑡) × 𝑉𝑂𝐿211(𝑡)
⋯
𝐶𝑂𝑅𝑅21𝑛𝑛(𝑡) × 𝑉𝑂𝐿21𝑛(𝑡) × 𝑉𝑂𝐿21𝑛(𝑡)
] 
and 
𝐵= [
𝐶𝑂𝑅𝑅6311(𝑡) × 𝑉𝑂𝐿631(𝑡) × 𝑉𝑂𝐿631(𝑡)
⋯
𝐶𝑂𝑅𝑅631𝑛(𝑡) × 𝑉𝑂𝐿631(𝑡) × 𝑉𝑂𝐿63𝑛(𝑡)
⋮
⋱
⋮
𝐶𝑂𝑅𝑅63𝑛1(𝑡) × 𝑉𝑂𝐿63𝑛(𝑡) × 𝑉𝑂𝐿631(𝑡)
⋯
𝐶𝑂𝑅𝑅63𝑛𝑛(𝑡) × 𝑉𝑂𝐿63𝑛(𝑡) × 𝑉𝑂𝐿63𝑛(𝑡)
] 
 
Correlations between Asset i and Asset j for 21 days and 63 days are calculated as: 
𝐶𝑂𝑅𝑅21𝑖𝑗(𝑡) = 252 × ∑
(𝐷𝐴𝑅𝑖(𝑡−𝑘) −𝜇21,𝑖) × (𝐷𝐴𝑅𝑗(𝑡−𝑘) −𝜇21,𝑗
20
𝑘=1
19 × 𝑉𝑂𝐿21𝑖(𝑡) × 𝑉𝑂𝐿21𝑗(𝑡)
 
and

--- Page 926 ---
Description of the MS Dynamic Fund Allocation Index Family  
 
926 
𝐶𝑂𝑅𝑅63𝑖𝑗(𝑡) = 252 × ∑
(𝐷𝐴𝑅𝑖(𝑡−𝑘) −𝜇63,𝑖) × (𝐷𝐴𝑅𝑗(𝑡−𝑘) −𝜇63,𝑗
62
𝑘=1
61 × 𝑉𝑂𝐿63𝑖(𝑡) × 𝑉𝑂𝐿63𝑗(𝑡)
 
 
(e) 
Index Fee 
An Index Fee is deducted from the Index Level on a daily basis. IF (t) is the Index Fee that has accrued 
since last Rebalance Date. It is calculated as: 
• 
The annual Index Fee m 
• 
multiplied by the number of days accrued since last Index Calculation Day divided by 365 
• 
multiplied by the Index Level on the previous Index Calculation Day 
• 
plus the Index Fee at previous Index Calculation Date, if the previous Index Calculation Day was 
not a Rebalance Day, and 0 otherwise 
As a formula: 
𝐼𝐹(𝑡) = {
𝑚× 𝐴𝐶𝐶𝑅(𝑡, 𝑡−1)
365
× 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥(𝑡−1),                                 𝑖𝑓 𝑡−1 = 𝑃𝑅𝐷(𝑡)
𝑚× 𝐴𝐶𝐶𝑅(𝑡, 𝑡−1)
365
× 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥(𝑡−1) + 𝐼𝐹(𝑡−1),
𝑜𝑡ℎ𝑒𝑟𝑤𝑖𝑠𝑒
 
6. 
Calculation Time and Precision 
The Index Level is typically disseminated by the Index Calculation Agent on the next Index Calculation 
Day. The published Index Levels are rounded to 3 decimal places. 
7. 
Adjustment and Disruption Provisions 
The Index is calculated on the basis of algorithmic formulas and therefore no discretion can be exercised 
by the Index Sponsor or the Index Calculation Agent in the calculation of the Index. 
However, on occasions, there may be situations requiring adjustments to the Index that are outside the 
scheduled adjustments and rebalances. Such adjustments might be made by Index Sponsor or the Index 
Calculation Agent by having recourse to discretionary decisions. Any discretion will be used in a 
commercially reasonable manner and exclusively in order to ensure that the Index continues to reflect, as 
closely as possible, the value of the Index Components in the sole determination of the Index Sponsor. 
Adjustment Events 
The Index Calculation Agent will determine whether a circumstance relating to any underlying Index 
Component has a dilutive, concentrative or other effect on the theoretical value of the underlying Index 
Components and, if so, will (1) make the corresponding adjustment, if any, to the weights or Asset Price 
for such underlying Index Components and/or any of the other provisions hereof as the Index Calculation 
Agent determines appropriate to account for that dilutive, concentrative or other effect; and (2) determine 
the effective date of that adjustment. As a result of the foregoing adjustments, the total number of underlying 
Index Components may, on a given Index Calculation Day, increase or decrease. 
In respect of a Fund, the occurrence of any event below will also constitute an Adjustment Event: 
(i) 
A subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of the relevant number of Fund Units, or a free 
distribution or dividend of any such Fund Units to existing holders by way of bonus, capitalisation 
or similar issue; or  
(ii) 
Any distribution, issue or dividend (other than an ordinary cash dividend) to existing holdings of 
Fund Units of: 
(a) an additional amount of such Fund Units;

--- Page 927 ---
Description of the MS Dynamic Fund Allocation Index Family  
 
927 
(b) other share capital or securities granting the right to payment of dividends and/or the proceeds 
of liquidation of the Fund equally or proportionately with such payments to holders of such 
Fund Units;  
(c) share capital or other securities of another issuer acquired or owned (directly or indirectly) 
by the Fund as a result of a spin-off or other similar transaction, or  
(d) any other type of securities, rights or warrants or other assets,  
in any case for payment (cash or other consideration) at less than the prevailing market price (as 
determined by the Index Calculation Agent in its sole discretion); or  
(iii) 
Any extraordinary or bonus dividend or other cash distribution which is not an ordinary cash 
dividend of any Fund; or  
(iv) 
A repurchase by the Fund of relevant Fund Units whether the consideration for such repurchase is 
cash, securities or otherwise; or  
(v) 
Any other event that may have a dilutive or concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the 
relevant Fund Units.  
In calculating the dilutive, concentrative or other effect of any Adjustment Event, the Index Calculation 
Agent will adjust the amount or value of the potential adjustment event by such amount as it determines 
appropriate to take account of any tax, duty, withholding, deduction or other charge whatsoever arising as 
a result of the Adjustment Event (including but not limited to any tax, duty, withholding, deduction or other 
charge sustained or incurred by Morgan Stanley and/or any of its affiliates as the hypothetical holder of the 
relevant Component(s), or which would be sustained or incurred by Morgan Stanley and/or any of its 
affiliates were any of them the holder of the relevant Index Component(s)).  
Disruption Events 
Each of the following is a "Disruption Event": 
(i) 
A Material Change in Index Component Methodology occurs if the Index Sponsor determines 
that there has been a material change to the methodology used to calculate an Index Component 
or there has been a material change in the constituents of an Index Component, including change 
of listed issuance schedule, hours of continuous market trading and publication of bid and ask 
prices. 
(ii) 
A Termination of Data License occurs if the Index Sponsor determines there has been a 
termination, revocation or suspension of any third-party license agreement or permission pursuant 
to which data are supplied to compile or calculate the Index or an Index Component. 
(iii) 
A Price Source Disruption occurs if the Index Sponsor or the Index Calculation Agent determines 
that any of the source data required to calculate the Index (a "Source Data") is not available. This 
may include the published level of an underlying Index Component or data provided by a third 
party vendor. A Price Source Disruption may also include any permanent cancellation or 
prolonged suspension of any underlying Index Component. 
For the avoidance of doubt, a Price Source Disruption will occur if: 
• 
any person fails to announce or publish any Source Data (or the information necessary for 
determining any Source Data), including where previously such Source Data was published 
on or by more than one price source or data provider, and is not published on all such sources 
for such day and the Index Calculation Agent determines any such non-publication(s) 
material; or  
• 
any Source Data is discontinued or becomes unavailable (whether temporarily or 
permanently). 
(iv) 
A Disappearance of Price occurs if the Index Sponsor or the Index Calculation Agent determines 
the:  
• 
disappearance of, or trading in, the relevant Index Component; or

--- Page 928 ---
Description of the MS Dynamic Fund Allocation Index Family  
 
928 
• 
the disappearance or permanent discontinuance or unavailability of a price, notwithstanding 
the availability of the related price source or the status of trading in the relevant Index 
Component.  
(v) 
A Change in Law occurs if there has been a change in applicable law or regulation that prevents 
the Index Sponsor and/or the Index Calculation Agent from calculating, publishing or hedging the 
Index. 
(vi) 
A Hedging Disruption occurs if the Index Sponsor determines that Morgan Stanley or any of its 
affiliates would be unable after using commercially reasonable efforts to: a) acquire, establish, re-
establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transactions or instruments deemed 
necessary to hedge its position in relation to any relevant transactions relating to or calculated by 
reference to the Index; or b) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transactions or 
instruments. 
(vii) 
A Force Majeure Event occurs if the Index Sponsor determines that an event or circumstance has 
occurred that is beyond the reasonable control of the Index Sponsor and, as a result of which, the 
Index Sponsor or the Index Calculation Agent is unable to calculate, publish or take any other 
necessary action in relation to the Index. Such event or circumstance may include (without 
limitation) a systems failure, fire, building evacuation, natural or man-made disaster, act of state, 
armed conflict, act of terrorism, riot or labour disruption. 
(viii) 
FX Event: (a)(i) The declaration of a banking moratorium or the suspension of payments by banks, 
in either case, in the country of any currency underlying the Index or (ii) the declaration of capital 
and/or currency control (including, without limitation, any restriction placed on assets in or 
transactions through any account through which a non-resident of the country of any currency used 
to determine the currency exchange rate may hold assets or transfer monies outside the country of 
that currency, and any restriction on the transfer of funds, securities or other assets of market 
participants from, within or outside of the country of any currency used to determine the applicable 
exchange rate); (b) the method of calculating the value of any currency underlying the Index is 
changed in a material respect, or is in any other way modified so that the conventional market 
quotation does not, in the opinion of the Index Sponsor, fairly represent the value of such currency; 
or (c) the Index Sponsor determines that there is a material difference in the exchange rate for a 
currency underlying the Index, as determined by reference to the rate source for the relevant 
currency and any other market source. 
Fund Extraordinary Events: 
Fund Extraordinary Events have the meaning of the events defined below: 
(i) 
Fund Change in Law: Means that (i) due to the adoption of or any change in any applicable law 
or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law) or (ii) due to the promulgation of or any 
change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent 
jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxing authority), 
the Index Calculation Agent determines in good faith, after instruction from the Index Sponsor, 
that: (A) it has become illegal for a Hypothetical Replicating Party to hold, acquire or dispose of 
the Hypothetical Hedge Positions (including the relevant Fund Units) or it has become illegal to 
maintain the agreement entered into by Morgan Stanley and/or one of its affiliates with the Fund 
or a Fund Service Provider mentioned in item "Breach or Termination of Agreement" below or 
(B) Morgan Stanley and/or one of its affiliates will incur a materially increased cost in performing 
its obligations (including, without limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax 
benefit or other adverse effect on its tax position); 
(ii) 
Breach or Termination of Agreement: Means any failure by the Fund or a Fund Service 
Provider, as the case may be, to comply with or perform any agreement entered into by the Fund 
or a Fund Service Provider with Morgan Stanley and/or any of its affiliates, defining the terms and 
conditions at which Morgan Stanley and/or any of its affiliates may make subscriptions and/or 
redemptions in the Fund Units (as the case may be, different from the subscription and redemption 
terms then prevailing pursuant to the Fund Documents), including as the case may be the rebates 
of management fees to be paid to Morgan Stanley and/or one of its affiliates, the termination of 
such agreement by the Fund or a Fund Service Provider for reasons beyond the control of Morgan 
Stanley or its affiliates or the failing or ceasing of such agreement to be in full force and effect or

--- Page 929 ---
Description of the MS Dynamic Fund Allocation Index Family  
 
929 
the Fund or the Fund Service Provider disaffirms, disclaims, repudiates or rejects in whole or in 
part or challenges the validity of such agreement; 
(iii) 
Closure of the Fund: Means the liquidation, winding up or dissolution of the Fund for any reason 
other than those mentioned in Fund Insolvency Event or Insolvency below; 
(iv) 
Fund Adviser Event: Means that the Index Calculation Agent, after instruction from the Index 
Sponsor, determines that over a period of 12 months, the total value of the assets managed by the 
Fund Adviser (including the Fund) has decreased by 50 per cent (either due to redemptions or 
decrease in value of such assets); 
(v) 
Fund Insolvency Event: Means, in respect of any Fund Unit, that the related Fund  
(a) is dissolved or has a resolution passed for its dissolution, winding-up, official liquidation 
(other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger);  
(b) makes a general assignment or arrangement with or for the benefit of its creditors;  
(c) (A) institutes or has instituted against it, by a regulator, supervisor or any similar official with 
primary insolvency, rehabilitative or regulatory jurisdiction over it in the jurisdiction of its 
incorporation or organization or the jurisdiction of its head or home office, a proceeding 
seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy or 
insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors' rights, or a petition is presented for 
its winding-up or liquidation by it or such regulator, supervisor or similar official or (B) has 
instituted against it a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other 
relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors' rights, 
or a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation, and such proceeding or petition is 
instituted or presented by a person or entity not described in clause (iii) under Fund 
Insolvency Event above and either (I) results in a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or 
the entry of an order for relief or the making of an order for its winding-up or liquidation or 
(II) is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained in each case within fifteen days of the 
institution or presentation thereof;  
(d) seeks or becomes subject to the appointment of an administrator, provisional liquidator, 
conservator, receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official for it or for all or 
substantially all its assets;  
(e) has a secured party take possession of all or substantially all its assets or has a distress, 
execution, attachment, sequestration or other legal process levied, enforced or sued on or 
against all or substantially all of its assets and such secured party maintains possession, or 
any such process is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained, in each case within fifteen 
days thereafter; or  
(f) 
causes or is subject to any event with respect to it which, under the applicable laws of any 
jurisdiction, has an analogous effect to any of the events specified in clauses (i) through (v) 
above; 
(vi) 
Fund Modification: Means any change or modification of the related Fund Documents prevailing 
on the Index Live Date, that could reasonably be expected to affect the value of such Fund Unit or 
the rights or remedies of any holders thereof (including, but not limited to, an open-end fund that 
becomes a closed-end fund), as determined by the Index Calculation Agent, after instruction from 
the Index Sponsor; 
(vii) 
NAV Trigger / Restriction Event: Means, in respect of any Fund, that (i) the reported NAV as 
of the last valuation date of any month has decreased by a percentage equal to, or greater than, 
fifty per cent. of the reported NAV as of the valuation date of the same month in the immediately 
preceding calendar year; or (ii) the Fund has violated any leverage restriction that is applicable to, 
or affecting, such Fund or its assets by operation of any law, any order or judgment of any court 
or other agency of government applicable to it or any of its assets, the Fund Documents or any 
contractual restriction binding on or affecting the Fund or any of its assets; 
(viii) 
Fund Service Provider Event: Means (i) a change, resignation, termination or replacement of 
any Fund Service Provider, (ii) a change of control or indirect control of any Fund Service 
Provider, (iii) any Fund Service Provider is subject to a Fund Service Provider Insolvency Event,

--- Page 930 ---
Description of the MS Dynamic Fund Allocation Index Family  
 
930 
where "Fund Service Provider Insolvency Event" has the same meaning as Fund Insolvency Event 
described in above, except that references to the Fund are replaced by references to the Fund 
Service Provider or (iv) in the reasonable opinion of the Index Calculation Agent, after instruction 
from the Index Sponsor, any of the Fund Service Providers is no longer deemed able to carry out 
its business with the standard of care which was prevailing on the Index Live Date or the 
resignation, termination, replacement, or death of any person deemed to be key in the management 
of the Fund has occurred; 
(ix) 
Holding Ratio: Means the reduction of the Fund's aggregate Net Asset Value under an amount 
that, in the reasonable opinion of the Index Calculation Agent, after instruction from the Index 
Sponsor, has, or is likely to have, a significant effect on the management conditions of the Fund 
and/or its operating expenses or would increase the proportion of Fund Units held, or likely to be 
held, by a Hypothetical Replicating Party, to such extent that the full redemption in one single 
Valid Order the Fund Units notionally held by a Hypothetical Replicating Party or funds managed 
by the same, is likely to be impaired; 
(x) 
Delisting: Means, in respect of a Fund, where there is or was intended to be an exchange in respect 
of such Fund that such exchange announces that pursuant to the rules of such exchange, such Fund  
cease (or will cease or will never) being listed or publicly quoted on the exchange for any reason 
and are not immediately re listed or re quoted on an exchange or quotation system located in the 
same country as the exchange (or, where the exchange is within the European Union, in any 
Member State of the European Union); 
(xi) 
Fund Increased Cost of Hedging: Means that a Hypothetical Replicating Party would incur a 
materially increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the Index Live Date) amount of 
tax, duty, expense, fee (other than brokerage commissions) or cost to (i) acquire, establish, re-
establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any Hypothetical Hedge Positions or (ii) 
realize, recover or remit the proceeds of any such Hypothetical Hedge Positions, provided that, 
assuming the Hypothetical Replicating Party is Morgan Stanley, any such materially increased 
amount that is incurred solely due to the deterioration of the creditworthiness of the Morgan 
Stanley or one of its affiliates shall not be deemed a Fund Increased Cost of Hedging; 
(xii) 
Fund Settlement Disruption: Means a failure by the Fund to pay in cash the full amount of the 
redemption proceeds on the date by which the Fund was scheduled to have paid such amount, or 
the suspension or restriction of subscription orders in the Fund, and which, in the determination of 
the Index Calculation Agent, after instruction from the Index Sponsor, makes it impossible or 
impracticable to determine the Net Asset Value of such Fund, including without limitation due to 
(i) the transfer of all illiquid assets of such Fund to a dedicated fund, account or structure pending 
the liquidation of such assets for the benefit of existing holders of the Fund Units (side pocket), 
(ii) the restriction on the amount or number of redemption orders that the Fund (or the Fund Service 
Provider generally in charge of accepting redemption orders) will accept in relation to a single date 
on which such Fund normally accepts redemption orders (a gate), (iii) the suspension or 
restrictions for any reason of the subscription or redemption orders by the Fund (or the Fund 
Service Provider generally in charge of accepting subscription and redemption orders) or (iv) the 
postponement of the payment of the balance of redemption proceeds to a date occurring after the 
financial statements of the Fund have been reviewed by its statutory auditors (holdback), in each 
case whether these events are imposed by the Fund without being envisaged in the Fund 
Documents on the Index Live Date, or are so envisaged by the Fund Documents on the Index Live 
Date and are wholly implemented by the Fund after such date; 
(xiii) 
Fund Hedging Disruption: Means that The Index Sponsor determines that a Hypothetical 
Replicating Party is unable or it is impractical for a Hypothetical Replicating Party, after using 
commercially reasonable efforts, to (i) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind 
or dispose of any Hypothetical Hedge Positions or (ii) realize, recover or remit the proceeds of any 
such Hypothetical Hedge Positions, without limitation, where such inability or impracticality has 
arisen by reason of: (A) the transfer of all illiquid assets of the Fund being all or part of the Hedge 
Positions to a dedicated fund, account or structure pending the liquidation of such assets for the 
benefit of existing holders of the Fund Units (side pocket), (B) the restriction on the amount or 
number of redemptions or subscriptions that the Fund (or the Fund Service Provider generally in 
charge of accepting the redemption or subscription orders) will accept in relation to a single date 
on which the Fund normally accepts redemption orders (a gate), (C) the suspension for any reason 
of the subscription or redemption orders by the Fund (or the Fund Service Provider generally in 
charge of accepting the subscription and redemption orders), (D) the postponement of the payment

--- Page 931 ---
Description of the MS Dynamic Fund Allocation Index Family  
 
931 
of the balance of redemption proceeds to a date occurring after the financial statements of the Fund 
have been reviewed by the Fund's statutory auditors (holdback), or increase in charges or fees 
imposed by the relevant Fund or (E) any mandatory redemption, in whole or in part, of such Fund 
Unit imposed by the relevant Fund, in each case whether these events are imposed by the Fund 
without being envisaged in the Fund Documents on the Index Live Date, or are so envisaged by 
the Fund Documents on the Index Live Date and are wholly implemented by the Fund after such 
date; 
(xiv) 
Insolvency: Means that by reason of the voluntary or involuntary liquidation, bankruptcy, 
insolvency, dissolution or winding-up of or any analogous proceeding affecting a Fund, (i) all the 
Fund Units of that Fund are required to be transferred to a trustee, liquidator or other similar 
official or (ii) holders of the Fund Units of that Fund become legally prohibited from transferring 
or redeeming them; 
(xv) 
Liquidity Modification: Means that the Fund modifies the terms and conditions at which 
subscription and/or redemption orders can be submitted or are settled by the Fund as provided in 
the Fund Documents as of the Index Live Date or implements a modification of the conditions at 
which subscription and/or redemption orders can be submitted or are settled by the Fund, 
regardless as to whether the principle of such modification was already envisaged in the Fund 
Documents as of the Index Live Date; 
(xvi) 
Merger Event: Means the conversion of the Fund Unit into another class of fund units or 
securities, or the split of the Fund, its consolidation or its merger with, or its sale or its conveyance 
of all or substantially all its assets to, a third party; 
(xvii) 
Calculation and/or Publication Disruption: Means, the occurrence of an event, beyond the 
control of a Hypothetical Replicating Party (including in case of any gate, deferral, suspension or 
other provisions in the Fund Documents permitting the Fund or fund underlying to delay or refuse 
subscription and/or redemption orders) which (i) precludes the calculation and/or publication of 
the Net Asset Value by the Fund (or the Fund Service Provider generally in charge of calculating 
such official Net Asset Value) or the net asset value of such Fund or (ii) results in the publication 
of a Net Asset Value by the Fund that cannot be used for trading purposes (whether for reasons 
foreseen in the Fund Documents or otherwise) or otherwise would not constitute a valid order by 
or on behalf of the Hypothetical Replicating Party for the applicable amount of Fund Units 
scheduled to be executed in respect of the applicable Fund Valuation Day ("Valid Order") as 
provided in the definition of NAV. For such purposes and for the avoidance of doubt, it shall not 
be assumed that a Hypothetical Replicating Party has any control over the Fund Service Provider 
solely because it is in the same corporate group.  
(xviii) NAV Determination Disruption Event: Means the occurrence of any event, beyond the control 
of a Hypothetical Replicating Party, other than the events mentioned in "Calculation and/or 
Publication Disruption" or "Fund Settlement Disruption" affecting such Fund which, in the 
determination of the Index Calculation Agent, after instruction from the Index Sponsor, makes it 
impossible or impracticable to determine the Net Asset Value of such Fund or net asset value of 
such Fund underlying such Index. 
(xix) 
Nationalization: Means that all the Fund Units or all or substantially all the assets of a Fund are 
nationalized, expropriated or are otherwise required to be transferred to any governmental agency, 
authority, entity or instrumentality thereof; 
(xx) 
Regulatory Action: Means, with respect to any Fund Unit, (i) cancellation, suspension or 
revocation of the registration or approval of such Fund Unit or the related Fund by any 
governmental, legal or regulatory entity with authority over such Fund Unit or Fund, (ii) any 
change in the legal, tax, accounting, or regulatory treatments of the relevant Fund or its Fund 
Service Provider that is reasonably likely to have an adverse impact on the value of such Fund 
Unit or on any investor therein (as determined by the Index Calculation Agent, after instruction 
from the Index Sponsor) or (iii) the related Fund or any of its Fund Service Providers becomes 
subject to any investigation, proceeding or litigation by any relevant governmental, legal or 
regulatory authority involving the alleged violation of applicable law for any activities relating to 
or resulting from the operation of such Fund or Fund Service Provider; 
(xxi) 
Fund Accounting Event: Means, in respect of a Fund, any (i) change in the currency in which the 
Fund accounts are denominated; or (ii) material adverse change in the accounting treatment of the

--- Page 932 ---
Description of the MS Dynamic Fund Allocation Index Family  
 
932 
Fund which does or could affect a Hypothetical Replicated Party or potential requirement to 
consolidate its accounts with any such entity; 
(xxii) 
Reporting Disruption: Means, in respect of any Fund Unit, any failure of the related Fund to 
deliver, or cause to be delivered, (i) information that such Fund has agreed to deliver, or cause to 
be delivered to a Hypothetical Replicating Party or (ii) information that has been previously 
delivered to a Hypothetical Replicating Party in accordance with such Fund's or its authorized 
representative's normal practice and that the Index Calculation Agent, after instruction from the 
Index Sponsor, deems necessary to monitor such Fund's compliance with any investment 
guidelines, asset allocation methodologies or any other similar policies relating to such Fund Units; 
(xxiii) Strategy Breach: Means (i) any breach or violation of any strategy or investment guidelines stated 
in the related Fund Documents that is reasonably likely to affect the value of the Fund Units or the 
rights or remedies of any holders thereof, in each case, as determined by the Index Calculation 
Agent, after instruction from the Index Sponsor or (ii) any material modification, as determined 
by the Index Calculation Agent, after instruction from the Index Sponsor, of the risk profile of the 
Fund from its risk profile prevailing on the Index Live Date by reason of, but not limited to, the 
modification of the proportions, or reduction of diversification, of the type of assets in which the 
Fund invests or a reduction of the average liquidity of the assets of the Fund. 
(xxiv) 
Fees or Charges Event: Means, in respect of a Fund, (i) any charge of a transaction fee for 
subscription or redemption of Fund Units; (ii) any imposition of any taxes or similar charges for 
subscription or redemption of Fund Units (whether by the Fund or a Fund Adviser in respect of 
holders of Fund Units generally or otherwise occurring in respect of any Hypothetical Replicating 
Party) and/or (iii) any material change in the applicable fee arrangement between a Fund Adviser 
and an Hypothetical Replicating Party (as compared with that arrangement as of the Index Live 
Date), including the increase to the existing level of, or introduction of any new, fees, commissions 
or other expenses payable to any person, in each case as determined by the Index Calculation 
Agent. 
Potential Actions 
In the event that the Index Sponsor determines that a Disruption Event or a Fund Extraordinary Event has 
occurred, the Index Sponsor may in its sole discretion: 
(i) 
Substitute the relevant underlying Index Component with a replacement instrument, provided that 
such replacement is similarly representative of the existing Index Component; 
(ii) 
Reallocate all or a portion of the Index exposure to cash or cash equivalents;  
(iii) 
Make such determinations or adjustments to the terms of the Index methodology or the underlying 
Index Components as it deems necessary including sourcing data from alternative providers; 
(iv) 
Defer, or direct the Index Calculation Agent to defer, the availability of the Index until the next 
Index Calculation Day on which there is no Disruption Event; 
(v) 
Provide or instruct the Index Calculation Agent to use data from alternative public sources 
(including Reuters, Bloomberg and/or the relevant Fund Service Provider, as the case may be) to 
determine the relevant price of the relevant Component; 
(vi) 
Determine the Index Level, the Asset Price of any Component or any Component level affected 
by the Disruption Event to be, in its sole and absolute discretion, either its estimate of such level 
or price or the last available level or price for such Component;  
(vii) 
Direct the Index Calculation Agent to make such determinations and/or adjustments as it considers 
appropriate to determine the Index Level by reference to the prevailing market conditions and the 
last available traded or published price of the affected Index Component; 
(viii) 
Postpone any day on which calculations or valuations were scheduled to be made, as the case may 
be, to another date as determined by the Index Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion. 
(ix) 
Trigger an unscheduled Rebalance Date; 
(x) 
Instruct the Index Calculation Agent to cease to calculate and make available the Index 
permanently.

--- Page 933 ---
Description of the MS Dynamic Fund Allocation Index Family  
 
933 
Increased costs 
If at any time following the Index Live Date, due to the adoption of or any change in any applicable law or 
regulation (including without limitation any tax law relating to a common system of financial transaction 
tax in the European Union or otherwise), or any event outside of its control, the Index Sponsor determines 
in good faith that a party would incur an increased cost in effecting transactions in the underlying Index 
Components to reflect the notional exposure to the Index Performance, the Index Sponsor retains the right 
to make any adjustments to the Index methodology outlined herein so that the Index Performance takes 
account of such increased costs. 
Adjustment procedures, notification and consultation process 
If any modification or adjustment is made to the calculation of the Index and/or its description in accordance 
to this paragraph, the Index Sponsor will make such modifications or adjustments based on market 
conditions and other relevant factors, as in the judgment of the Index Sponsor, are necessary to ensure that 
the Index continues to reflect, as closely as possible, the underlying economic interest it is designed to 
represent. 
Wherever practicable, any adjustments to the calculation of the Index, other than a pre-determined 
rebalancing, will be announced to the relevant interested parties or investors. Such announcement will be 
made in a timely fashion and, when reasonably possible, prior to the date in which the changes are due to 
become effective. Based on the depth and breadth of the use of the Index as well as on the materiality of 
the change, the Index Sponsor will consider whether a formal or informal consultation is appropriate. 
For the purposes of determining the materiality of the change, the Index Sponsor shall consider a change to 
be material when it may have a potentially material effect on the future level of the Index. 
If the Index Sponsor determines that a consultation with the relevant interested parties or investors is 
appropriate, it will inform them of the procedures applicable to the consultation. The consultation 
procedures will be designed to ensure that such parties receive advance notice of the consultation and are 
offered a timeframe sufficient for them to analyse and comment on the proposal. 
8. 
Errors 
The Index Sponsor reserves the right to make adjustments to the Index Level to correct any erroneous 
calculation or publication of the Index Level. The Index Sponsor will determine whether such error requires 
a change in the composition or calculation of the Index and, if so, the procedures under 7.1 will apply. 
9. 
Updates 
This Index Methodology may be updated from time to time, including in accordance with the requirements 
of the Regulation. The most recent version will be available on request to the Index Sponsor, subject to 
such distribution restrictions and other requirements as may apply. 
10. 
Governance 
Morgan Stanley has adopted the "Principles for Financial Benchmarks" published by the International 
Organization of Securities Commissions ("IOSCO") on 17 July 2013 (the "Principles") on a proportionate 
basis. 
The Index and its calculation methodology have been approved in accordance with and are subject to the 
internal governance procedures implemented by Morgan Stanley in compliance with the Principles and 
managed by an internal oversight committee (the "Index Committee"). 
The Index Committee will review the Index and its calculation methodology on a regular basis in 
accordance with Morgan Stanley internal policies applicable to the Index, to ensure that it still continues to 
reflect the economic interests it intends to measure. 
Information on the systems and controls applied by Morgan Stanley in relation to financial benchmarks is 
available on request.

--- Page 934 ---
Description of the MS Dynamic Fund Allocation Index Family  
 
934 
11. 
 Discontinuation 
The Index Sponsor may, in its sole discretion, after consultation with the Index Committee, discontinue 
calculating and publishing the Index at any time upon the occurrence of, but not limited to, any of the 
following: 
• 
if as a result of a market disruption event, fund extraordinary event or an adjustment event, an 
adjustment to and/or calculation of the Index is no longer reasonably possible or practical, in the 
determination of the Index Sponsor; or 
• 
the Index Sponsor or its successor terminates its Index publication business operations, is declared 
insolvent or is subject to winding-up proceedings; or 
• 
the Index Sponsor or its successor determines that it is no longer in its commercial interests to 
continue publishing the Index; or 
• 
any other condition occurs which makes the Index no longer representative of the economic 
interests it was intended to reflect. 
Upon any such discontinuance, the Index Sponsor will use commercially reasonable efforts to publicly 
announce such discontinuance as soon as is reasonably practicable prior to the effective date. 
The Index Sponsor shall determine if a credible alternative Index is available for stakeholders to transfer 
their investment into and, to the extent reasonably possible, it shall maintain the original Index in existence 
in order to facilitate an orderly transition of the stakeholders' investment. 
If Index Sponsor determines that a consultation with the stakeholders is appropriate based on the depth and 
breadth of the use of the Index, it will inform the stakeholders of the procedures applicable to the 
consultation. The consultation procedures will be designed to ensure that the stakeholders receive advance 
notice of the consultation and are offered a timeframe sufficient for them to analyse and comment on the 
proposal. 
12. 
Important Information 
Index Performance Data – Retrospective Index Calculation 
All prospective investors should be aware that any retrospective calculation of the Strategy means that no 
actual investment existed at any time during the period of the retrospective calculation and as such, its 
performance is purely hypothetical. Past performance (actual or simulated) is not a guide to future 
performance. The methodology and the Strategy used for the calculation and retrospective calculation of 
the Strategy have been developed with the advantage of hindsight. In reality, it is not possible to invest with 
the advantage of hindsight and therefore this past performance is purely theoretical. 
Prior to making an investment decision in respect of any instrument or fund, the return on which links to 
the performance of the Index, prospective investors should understand fully all of the information set out 
in this document including the Important Information below. 
Use of Historical Proxies  
For AEMSRAE LX Equity (Ashmore SICAV - Emerging Markets Short Duration Fund): Before 
30/09/2014 using JPEIHDEU Index, composite EUR, net of 1.30% p.a. to match Ashmore expense ratio. 
For OMEAEHA ID Equity (Merian Global Investors Series PLC - Merian Global Equity Absolute Return 
Fund): Before 25/11/2011 using OMEIEHA ID Equity, composite EUR, net of 0.75% p.a. to match the 
OMEAEHA share class expense ratio. 
For NMAPBPE LX Equity (Nordea 1 SICAV - Alpha 15 MA Fund): Before 11/08/2011 using NORMAPE 
LX Equity, composite EUR. 
Proprietary Information

--- Page 935 ---
Description of the MS Dynamic Fund Allocation Index Family  
 
935 
The MS Dynamic Fund Allocation Index Family is the exclusive property of MSI plc or its affiliates. 
Morgan Stanley and the MS Dynamic Fund Allocation Index Family are service marks of Morgan Stanley 
or its affiliates and no person or entity should refer to any of the service marks without the consent of 
Morgan Stanley or otherwise use any of the information herein for any purpose other than in relation to an 
investment linked to the MS Dynamic Fund Allocation Family.

--- Page 936 ---
Description of Sienna Finance UK Limited and the Sienna Finance UK Limited Preference Shares 
 
 
936 
 
DESCRIPTION OF SIENNA FINANCE UK LIMITED AND THE SIENNA FINANCE UK 
LIMITED PREFERENCE SHARES 
Preference-Share Linked Securities may be issued under the Program, where the Preference Shares are 
preference shares issued by Sienna Finance UK Limited ("Sienna UK"). Set out below is a description 
of Sienna UK. References in this section to the "Preference Shares" shall be a reference to preference 
shares issued by Sienna UK which are specified as being the "Preference Shares" in the applicable Issue 
Terms relating to the relevant Preference-Share Linked Securities. 
Sienna Finance UK Limited 
Sienna UK is a private company limited by shares and was incorporated under the Companies Act 2006 on 
18 February 2010 (with registered number 07162508).  Sienna UK is governed by the laws of England and 
Wales and has its registered office at 1 Bartholomew Lane, London EC2N 2AX, United Kingdom. 
The sole business activity of Sienna UK is to issue redeemable preference shares.  Accordingly, Sienna UK 
does not have any trading assets and does not generate any significant net income. 
A copy of Sienna UK's constitutional documents, its non-audited, non-consolidated annual financial 
statements, when published, and the Terms of the Preference Shares (as defined below) are available (free 
of charge) from the registered office of Sienna UK. 
The Preference Shares 
Sienna UK will from time to time issue tranches of 100 redeemable preference shares with a par value of 
£0.01 each.  The preference shares will be issued fully paid to Intertrust Corporate Services Limited and at 
a premium of £0.99, for total consideration of £1.00 each. 
Sienna UK may issue redeemable preference shares of any kind (the "Preference Shares"), including but 
not limited to preference shares linked to a specified index or basket of indices, share or basket of shares, 
currency or basket of currencies, fund unit or share or basket of fund units or shares or to such other 
underlying instruments, bases of reference or factors (the "Preference Share Underlying") and on such 
terms as may be determined by Sienna UK and specified in the applicable Specific Terms and Conditions 
of the relevant series of preference shares (the "Terms of the Preference Shares"). 
The Terms of the Preference Shares also provide that Sienna UK may redeem the Preference Shares early 
if: 
(a) 
the calculation agent in respect of the Preference Shares (the "Preference Shares Calculation 
Agent") determines that for reasons beyond Sienna UK's control, the performance of its 
obligations under the Preference Shares has become illegal or impractical in whole or in part for 
any reason; or 
(b) 
any event occurs in respect of which the provisions of the Terms of the Preference Shares relating 
to any adjustment, delay, modification, cancellation or determination in relation to the Preference 
Share Underlying, the valuation procedure for the Preference Share Underlying or the Preference 
Shares provide that the Preference Shares may be redeemed or cancelled; or 
(c) 
a change in applicable law or regulation occurs that in the determination of the Preference Share 
Calculation Agent results, or will result, by reason of the Preference Shares being outstanding, in 
Sienna UK being required to be regulated by any additional regulatory authority, or being subject 
to any additional legal requirement or regulation or tax considered by Sienna UK to be onerous to 
it; or 
(d) 
Sienna UK is notified that the Securities have become subject to early redemption. 
The performance of the Preference Shares depends on the performance of the Preference Share Underlying 
to which the Preference Shares are linked.  In determining the value of the Preference Shares, the 
Determination Agent shall employ the calculation procedure and methodology set out in the applicable 
Terms of the Preference Shares.

--- Page 937 ---
Benefit Plan Investors 
 
 
937 
 
 
BENEFIT PLAN INVESTORS 
The Securities may not be acquired or held by, or acquired with the assets of, any employee benefit plan 
subject to Title I of the United States Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended 
("ERISA"), or any individual retirement account or plan subject to Section 4975 of the Code or any entity 
whose underlying assets include "plan assets" within the meaning of Section 3(42) of ERISA by reason of 
any such employee benefit plan's account's or plan's investment therein. 
The Global Security Certificates and the Individual Security Certificates will bear a legend to the following 
effect: 
THE INVESTOR SHALL BE DEEMED TO REPRESENT BY ITS ACQUISITION AND HOLDING OF 
AN INTEREST HEREIN THAT IT IS NOT ACQUIRING THE SECURITY WITH THE ASSETS OF 
ANY EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN SUBJECT TO TITLE I OF THE UNITED STATES EMPLOYEE 
RETIREMENT INCOME SECURITY ACT OF 1974, AS AMENDED ("ERISA"), ANY INDIVIDUAL 
RETIREMENT ACCOUNT OR PLAN SUBJECT TO SECTION 4975 OF THE UNITED STATES 
INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, OR ANY ENTITY WHOSE UNDERLYING ASSETS 
INCLUDE "PLAN ASSETS" WITHIN THE MEANING OF SECTION 3(42) OF ERISA BY REASON 
OF ANY SUCH EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN'S ACCOUNT'S OR PLAN'S INVESTMENT THEREIN.

--- Page 938 ---
Taxation 
 
 
938 
 
TAXATION 
HOLDERS OF SECURITIES SHOULD BE AWARE THAT (I) THE TAX LEGISLATION OF A 
JURISDICTION WHERE A HOLDER IS RESIDENT OR OTHERWISE SUBJECT TO 
TAXATION (AS WELL AS THE JURISDICTIONS DISCUSSED BELOW) AND (II) THE TYPE 
OF SECURITIES HELD (BEING NOTES OR CERTIFICATES) MAY HAVE AN IMPACT ON 
THE TAX CONSEQUENCES OF AN INVESTMENT IN THE SECURITIES, INCLUDING IN 
RESPECT OF ANY INCOME RECEIVED FROM THE SECURITIES.  
UNITED STATES FEDERAL TAXATION 
This discussion is limited to the U.S. federal tax issues addressed below.  Additional issues may exist 
that are not addressed in this discussion and that could affect the U.S. federal tax treatment of the 
Securities or the investors.  Investors should seek their own advice based upon their particular 
circumstances from an independent tax adviser. 
The following are certain of the U.S. federal income and estate tax consequences of ownership and 
disposition of the Securities to Non-U.S. Holders (as defined below).  This summary is based on the Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"), administrative pronouncements, judicial decisions and 
final, temporary and proposed Treasury regulations, all as of the date hereof, changes to any of which 
subsequent to the date of this Base Prospectus may affect the tax consequences described herein. As used 
herein, the term "Non-U.S. Holder" means a beneficial owner of a Security that is for U.S. federal income 
tax purposes: 
• 
an individual who is classified as a nonresident alien; 
• 
a foreign corporation; or 
• 
a foreign estate or trust. 
The term "Non-U.S. Holder" does not include any of the following persons:  
• 
an individual present in the United States for 183 days or more in the taxable year of 
disposition;  
• 
certain former citizens or residents of the United States;   
• 
a person for whom income or gain in respect of the Securities is effectively connected with 
the conduct of a trade or business in the United States; or 
• 
a person who has a "tax home" (as defined in Section 911(d)(3) of the Code) or an office or 
other fixed place of business in the United States. 
Special rules may also apply to corporations that for U.S. federal income tax purposes are treated as personal 
holding companies, controlled foreign corporations, or passive foreign investment companies. Such persons 
are urged to consult their own tax advisers regarding the U.S. federal income tax consequences of the 
ownership and disposition of a Security. 
If an entity classified as a partnership holds a Security, the tax treatment of a partner generally will depend 
upon the status of the partner  and the activities of the partnership. Partnerships holding Securities and their 
partners should consult their tax advisers regarding the U.S. federal income tax consequences of owning 
and disposing of a Security. 
Tax Treatment of the Securities 
Interest 
The following discussion under "—Interest" applies to Securities treated as indebtedness of the relevant 
Issuer for U.S. federal income tax purposes.  The Issuers intend to treat Securities for which the principal 
amount (in the case of Notes) or Specified Unit Value (in the case of Certificates) payable in cash at maturity 
or upon early settlement must equal or exceed the issue price (i.e., the first price at which a substantial 
amount of the Securities of the relevant series is sold to the public) as indebtedness for U.S. federal income 
tax purposes. There can be no assurance that the IRS or a court will agree. Except as otherwise discussed 
below in "—Section 897 of the Code," "—Dividend Equivalent Amounts," " —FATCA" and "—Backup 
Withholding and Information Reporting," or otherwise indicated in an applicable Drawdown Prospectus, a 
Non-U.S. Holder generally will not be subject to U.S. federal income or withholding tax on payments of 
principal or interest (including original issue discount, if any) on a Security, or on proceeds from the sale

--- Page 939 ---
Taxation 
 
 
939 
 
or other disposition of a Security, provided that, in the case of a Security issued by Morgan Stanley or 
MSFL, for U.S. federal income tax purposes: 
• 
the Non-U.S. Holder does not own (directly or by attribution) 10 per cent. or more of the total 
combined voting power of all classes of stock of Morgan Stanley entitled to vote; 
• 
the Non-U.S. Holder is not a bank holding the Security in the context of an extension of credit 
made pursuant to a loan agreement entered into in the ordinary course of its trade or business; 
• 
the Non-U.S. Holder is not a controlled foreign corporation related, directly or indirectly, to 
Morgan Stanley through stock ownership; and 
• 
the Non-U.S. Holder (and any holder through which the Securities are held) have complied 
with all applicable U.S. tax identification and certification requirements. 
The certification requirements referred to in the preceding paragraphs will be fulfilled if the beneficial 
owner of the Security (or a financial institution holding the Security on behalf of the beneficial owner) 
furnishes the U.S. Internal Revenue Service ("IRS") Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E (or with respect to 
certain holders and beneficial owners, other appropriate forms), on which, among other things, the 
beneficial owner certifies under penalties of perjury that it is not a United States person, as defined in the 
Code. 
Exchangeable Securities 
Except as otherwise discussed below in "—Section 897 of the Code," "—Dividend Equivalent Amounts," 
"—FATCA" and "—Backup Withholding and Information Reporting," or otherwise indicated in an 
applicable Drawdown Prospectus, a Non-U.S. Holder will generally not be subject to U.S. federal income 
or withholding tax in respect of a Security that pays at redemption or early settlement a Physical Delivery 
Amount of securities (or the value thereof in cash) in an amount that must equal or exceed the Security's 
issue price, provided that: 
• 
in the case of a Security issued by Morgan Stanley or MSFL, the requirements for exemption 
from tax listed above under "—Interest" are met; and 
 
• 
in the case of a Security issued by Morgan Stanley or MSFL, the Security is exchangeable only 
into securities that are actively traded, a basket of securities that are actively traded or an index 
or indices of securities that are actively traded. 
 
No opinion is expressed herein as to the U.S. federal income or withholding tax consequences of the 
ownership or disposition of the property received in exchange for the Security. 
With regard to the above requirements, the Issuers intend to treat Securities for which the principal amount 
(in the case of Notes) or Specified Unit Value (in the case of Certificates) payable in cash must equal or 
exceed the issue price (i.e., the first price at which a substantial amount of the Securities is sold to the 
public) as indebtedness for U.S. federal income tax purposes.  There can be no assurance that the IRS or a 
court will agree. 
Linked Securities 
The U.S. federal income tax consequences to a Non-U.S. Holder of the ownership and disposition of 
Securities that have principal or interest determined by reference to commodity prices, securities of entities 
not affiliated with the relevant Issuer, baskets of securities or indices, exchange traded funds or other funds, 
futures contracts, CMS reference rates, currencies or the credit of entities not affiliated with the relevant 
Issuer may vary depending upon the exact terms of the Securities and related factors. However, the Issuers 
intend to treat Linked Securities that pay coupons periodically at an unconditional fixed rate and provide 
for a payment at maturity or early settlement (other than the stated coupon) that is determined by reference 
to the performance of a Relevant Underlying and thus may be lower than, but cannot exceed, their issue 
price, as a unit consisting of (i) a put right written by you to us that, upon the occurrence of certain events, 
requires you to pay to us an amount equal to the deposit (as described in sub-paragraph (ii)), in exchange 
for a cash amount based on the value of the Relevant Underlying, and (ii) a deposit with us of a fixed 
amount of cash to secure your obligation under the put right. Based on this treatment, a portion of the 
periodic payments on the Securities will be treated as interest on the deposit, and the remainder will be 
attributable to the premium on the put right. Except as otherwise discussed below in "—Section 897 of the 
Code," "—Dividend Equivalent Amounts," "—FATCA" and "—Backup Withholding and Information

--- Page 940 ---
Taxation 
 
 
940 
 
Reporting," or otherwise indicated in an applicable Pricing Supplement,  the Issuers do not expect payments 
on the Securities to be subject to any U.S. federal withholding tax, provided that, if the Securities are treated 
in whole or in part as indebtedness (including the deposit described above) issued by Morgan Stanley or 
MSFL for U.S. federal income tax purposes, the conditions (including the certification requirements) 
described above under "—Interest" are met.  However, Securities of the type described in this paragraph 
may be subject to rules that differ from the general rules discussed above.  
Other Income Coupons   
The following discussion under "—Other Income Coupons" applies to Securities issued by Morgan 
Stanley or MSFL that pay periodic coupons and are not described above in "—Interest," "—Exchangeable 
Securities" or "—Linked Securities."  The U.S. federal tax treatment of such Securities is unclear due 
to the absence of statutory, judicial or administrative authorities that directly address such Securities 
or similar securities, and no ruling is being requested from the IRS with respect to such Securities. Significant 
aspects of the U.S. federal income tax consequences of an investment in such Securities are uncertain, and no 
assurance can be given that the IRS or a court will agree with the tax treatment described herein. Accordingly, 
investors should consult their tax advisers regarding the U.S. federal income tax consequences of an investment 
in such Securities (including possible alternative treatment thereof).  
A Non-U.S. Holder should expect that a withholding agent will treat any coupon payments made by or 
on behalf of Morgan Stanley or MSFL as subject to U.S. federal withholding tax at a rate of 30 per 
cent., unless the Non-U.S. Holder establishes an exemption under the "other income" provision of a 
Qualifying Treaty (as defined below) or, to the extent that any portion of a coupon payment is treated as 
interest for U.S. federal income tax purposes, an exemption under the "portfolio interest exemption" rules 
as described below. 
An income tax treaty between a non-U.S. jurisdiction and the United States is a "Qualifying Treaty" if it 
provides for a 0 per cent. rate of tax on "other income" earned by a resident of the non-U.S. jurisdiction 
from sources within the United States. For example, under current law, the United States' tax treaties 
with Japan, Germany and the United Kingdom are Qualifying Treaties. Accordingly, if the Non-U.S. 
Holder is a resident of a non-U.S. jurisdiction that qualifies for benefits under such a Qualifying 
Treaty, the Non-U.S. Holder should generally be eligible for an exemption under the "other income" 
provision referred to above if such Non-U.S. Holder timely complies with the certification requirement 
described below. However, because most income tax treaties contain complex eligibility rules and 
limitations, a Non-U.S. Holder should consult its tax adviser about its eligibility for this exemption. 
To demonstrate its eligibility for the "other income" exemption to the Issuer or an applicable 
withholding agent, a Non-U.S. Holder generally will be required to provide a properly completed 
appropriate IRS Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E certifying that it is not a U.S. person and that it is eligible 
for the benefits of the "other income" provision of the relevant Qualifying Treaty (or, if the Non-U.S. 
Holder holds its Securities through certain qualified intermediaries, it may be permitted to provide 
alternative documentation in lieu of the appropriate IRS Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E to establish 
that it is not a U.S. person and that it is eligible for the benefits of the "other income" provision of the 
relevant Qualifying Treaty). A Non-U.S. Holder providing a properly completed appropriate IRS Form 
W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E as discussed in this paragraph may provide its foreign taxpayer identifying 
number issued by its country of residence in lieu of its U.S. taxpayer identifying number. 
Notwithstanding the discussion above, because the U.S. federal income tax treatment of the Securities 
is unclear, any coupon payments on such Securities could alternatively be treated in whole or in 
part as payments of interest. Nonetheless, even if the coupon payments are treated in whole or in 
part as interest and thus not eligible for the "other income" exemption described above, under current 
law and administrative practice a Non-U.S. Holder generally will qualify for the "portfolio interest 
exemption" with respect to the coupon payments, provided that the conditions for the exemption set forth 
in "—Interest" above (including the certification requirement) are met. 
Non-U.S. Holders should consult their tax advisers regarding their eligibility for any applicable 
exemption from withholding in light of their particular circumstances. 
Future Withholding

--- Page 941 ---
Taxation 
 
 
941 
 
It is possible that any future Treasury regulations or other guidance could materially and adversely affect 
the withholding tax consequences of ownership and disposition of the Securities, possibly with retroactive 
effect, and that in the event of a change of law or any formal or informal guidance by the IRS, the U.S. 
Treasury Department or Congress, we or a withholding agent may decide to withhold on a portion or the 
entire amount of payments made with respect to the Securities to Non-U.S. Holders and, unless specified 
otherwise in the applicable Issue Terms, no additional amounts will be payable with respect to any such 
withholding. Prospective investors should consult their tax advisers regarding all aspects of the U.S. 
federal income tax consequences of an investment in the Securities. 
Section 897 of the Code 
No opinion is expressed herein as to whether any issuer of any shares to which a Security relates (such 
shares hereafter referred to as "Underlying Shares") is treated as a "U.S. real property holding corporation" 
("USRPHC") within the meaning of Section 897 of the Code. If any issuer of Underlying Shares were so 
treated, certain adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences might apply upon the sale, exchange or other 
disposition of a Security (including potential U.S. withholding tax, notwithstanding the discussions above). 
Holders should refer to information filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission or other 
governmental authorities by the issuers of the Underlying Shares and consult their tax advisers regarding 
the possible consequences to such holders if any such issuer is or becomes a USRPHC. 
Dividend Equivalent Amounts 
Section 871(m) of the Code imposes a withholding tax of 30 per cent. (or lower treaty rate applicable to 
dividends) on certain "dividend equivalents" paid or deemed paid with respect to certain financial 
instruments linked to U.S. equities or indices that include U.S. equities.  Subject to the discussion below 
concerning Securities issued before January 1, 2023, a Security linked to U.S. equities or indices that 
include U.S. equities (a "U.S. equity linked Security") will be subject to the Section 871(m) withholding 
regime if at issuance it (i) has a "delta" of 0.80 or higher with respect to the underlying U.S. stock or (ii) 
substantially replicates the economic performance of the underlying U.S. stock, as determined by a 
"substantial equivalence" test that, among other factors, takes into account the initial number of shares of 
the underlying U.S. stock needed to hedge the transaction fully.  The tests described above are set forth in 
the Treasury regulations, and the applicable test will depend on the terms of the relevant U.S. equity linked 
Security.  Under these rules, withholding may apply even where the relevant U.S. equity linked Security 
does not provide for any payment that is explicitly linked to a dividend.  The Treasury regulations provide 
for certain exceptions to the withholding requirements, in particular for instruments linked to certain broad-
based indices (a "qualified index") that meet standards set forth in the Treasury regulations, as well as 
certain exchange traded funds that track a qualified index. 
Pursuant to an IRS Notice, Section 871(m) will not apply to Securities issued before January 1, 2023 that 
do not have a "delta" of one with respect to any U.S. equity. If the terms of a U.S. equity linked Security 
are significantly modified (including in the event that the Issuer substitutes another entity in place of the 
Issuer as principal debtor under the Security) and if such modification or substitution results in a deemed 
exchange of the Security for U.S. federal income tax purposes, the U.S. equity linked Security will generally 
be treated as reissued at the time of the significant modification. Under Treasury regulations, certain 
"benchmark" rate replacements would not give rise to deemed exchanges for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes, provided that certain conditions set forth in the Treasury regulations are met.  
The calculations of "delta" are generally made at the "calculation date," which is the earlier of (i) the time 
of pricing of the U.S. equity linked Security (i.e., when all material terms have been agreed on) and (ii) the 
issuance of the U.S. equity linked Security. However, if the time of pricing is more than 14 calendar days 
before the issuance of the U.S. equity linked Security, the calculation date is the date of the issuance of the 
U.S. equity linked Security. In those circumstances, information regarding the Issuer's final determinations 
for purposes of Section 871(m) may be available only after the issuance of the U.S. equity linked Security. 
As a result, a Non-U.S. Holder should acquire such a U.S. equity linked Security only if it is willing to 
accept the risk that the U.S. equity linked Security is treated as subject to withholding. 
The amount of a "dividend equivalent" is equal to, for a "simple" contract, the product of (a) the per-share 
dividend amount, (b) the number of shares of the underlying U.S. equity referenced in the U.S. equity linked 
Security and (c) the delta, and, for a "complex" contract, the product of (a) the per-share dividend amount 
and (b) the initial hedge. 
The dividend equivalent amount will be determined on the earlier of (a) the record date of the dividend and 
(b) the day prior to the ex-dividend date.  The dividend equivalent amount will include the amount of any

--- Page 942 ---
Taxation 
 
 
942 
 
actual or, under certain circumstances, estimated dividend.  If a U.S. equity linked Security is subject to 
withholding in respect of dividend equivalents, withholding will, depending on the applicable withholding 
agents' circumstances, generally be required either (i) on the underlying dividend payment date or (ii) when 
cash payments are made on the relevant U.S. equity linked Security or upon the date of maturity, lapse or 
other disposition thereof by the Non-U.S. Holder. 
The relevant Issuer will determine whether a U.S. equity linked Security is subject to withholding 
under Section 871(m).  If the Issuer has determined, as specified in the Pricing Supplement, that a 
U.S. equity linked Security should not be subject to withholding under Section 871(m), the Issuer will 
be deemed to instruct its agents and withholding agents that no such withholding is required, unless 
such agent or withholding agent knows or has reason to know otherwise.  If withholding is required, 
the relevant Issuer will not be required to pay any additional amounts with respect to the amounts 
so withheld. 
The relevant Issuer's determination is not binding on the IRS, and the IRS may disagree with its 
determination.  Section 871(m) is complex and its application may depend on the Non-U.S. Holder's 
particular circumstances.  For example, the application of Section 871(m) may be affected if a Non-U.S. 
Holder enters into another transaction in connection with the acquisition of a U.S. equity linked Security.  
Accordingly, Non-U.S. Holders should consult their tax advisers regarding the potential application of 
Section 871(m) to the U.S. equity linked Securities in their particular circumstances. 
FATCA 
Legislation commonly referred to as "FATCA" generally imposes a withholding tax of 30 per cent. on 
payments to certain non-U.S. entities (including financial intermediaries) with respect to certain financial 
instruments, unless various U.S. information reporting and due diligence requirements have been satisfied. 
An intergovernmental agreement between the United States and the non-U.S. entity's jurisdiction may 
modify these requirements. FATCA generally applies to certain financial instruments that are treated as 
paying U.S.-source interest or dividends or other U.S.-source "fixed or determinable annual or periodical" 
income ("FDAP income"). Withholding (if applicable) applies to any payment of amounts treated as U.S.-
source interest or dividend equivalents (as discussed above under "—Dividend Equivalent Amounts") on 
the Securities and any payment of gross proceeds of the disposition (including upon retirement) of 
Securities treated as providing for U.S.-source interest or dividends. However, under proposed Treasury 
regulations (the preamble to which specifies that taxpayers are permitted to rely on them pending 
finalization) no withholding will apply to payments of gross proceeds (other than amounts treated as interest 
or other FDAP income). Although, under current law, withholding under FATCA does not apply to 
payments of non-U.S. source income, such withholding could apply in the future with respect to certain 
payments attributable to U.S.-source income ("foreign passthru payments").  Securities that pay only non-
U.S. source or foreign passthru payments, are not treated as equity for U.S. federal income tax purposes 
and have a stated expiration date are generally grandfathered from FATCA withholding if issued prior to 
the date that is six months after final Treasury regulations that define the term "foreign passthru payments" 
are published.  However, such Securities may become subject to FATCA withholding if they are 
significantly modified after the grandfathering date (including in the event that the Issuer substitutes another 
entity in place of the Issuer as principal debtor under the Securities) if such modification or substitution 
results in a deemed exchange of the Securities for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Under Treasury 
regulations, certain "benchmark" rate replacements would not give rise to deemed exchanges for U.S. 
federal income tax purposes, provided that certain conditions set forth in the Treasury regulations are met. 
If withholding applies to the Securities, the relevant Issuer will not be required to pay any additional 
amounts with respect to amounts withheld under FATCA. Non-U.S. Holders should consult their tax 
advisers regarding the potential application of FATCA to the Securities. 
Backup Withholding and Information Reporting 
Information returns may be filed with the IRS in connection with payments on the Securities as well as in 
connection with the proceeds from a sale, exchange or other disposition.  A Non-U.S. Holder may be subject 
to backup withholding in respect of amounts paid to the Non-U.S. Holder, unless such Non-U.S. Holder 
complies with applicable certification procedures to establish that it is not a United States person for U.S. 
federal income tax purposes or otherwise establishes an exemption.  Compliance with the certification 
procedures described above under "—Interest" will satisfy the certification requirements necessary to avoid 
backup withholding. The amount of any backup withholding from a payment to a Non-U.S. Holder will be 
allowed as a credit against the Non-U.S. Holder's U.S. federal income tax liability and may entitle the Non-
U.S. Holder to a refund, provided that the required information is timely furnished to the IRS.

--- Page 943 ---
Taxation 
 
 
943 
 
Estate Tax 
Individual Non-U.S. Holders and entities the property of which is potentially includible in such an 
individual's gross estate for U.S. federal estate tax purposes (for example, a trust funded by such an 
individual and with respect to which the individual has retained certain interests or powers) should note 
that, absent an applicable treaty exemption, a Security that is treated as indebtedness for U.S. federal estate 
tax purposes will be treated as U.S. situs property subject to U.S. federal estate tax if payments on the 
Security, if received by the decedent at the time of death, would have been subject to U.S. federal 
withholding tax (even if the IRS Form W-8BEN or W-8BENE certification requirement described above 
were satisfied and not taking into account an elimination of such U.S. federal withholding tax due to the 
application of an income tax treaty or withholding under FATCA). 
Absent an applicable treaty benefit, a Security that is not treated as indebtedness for U.S. federal estate tax 
purposes may be treated as U.S. situs property subject to U.S. federal estate tax. Non-U.S. Holders should 
consult their own tax advisers regarding the U.S. federal estate tax consequences of an investment in the 
Securities and the availability of benefits provided by an applicable estate tax treaty, if any. 
 
Belgian Supplemental Conditions 
If "Supplementary Provisions for Belgian Securities" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms and if an Early Redemption Event occurs and an Early Redemption Amount (Monetisation) is paid 
on the Maturity Date, the Securities will likely be treated as debt instruments for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes after the Early Redemption Date (Put). In that case, subject to the discussions in "—FATCA" and 
"—Backup Witholding and Information Reporting" above, a Non-U.S. Holder should not be subject to U.S. 
withholding tax on payments on the Maturity Date provided that, in the case of Securities issued by Morgan 
Stanley or MSFL, the conditions described in "—Interest" above are met or the Non-U.S. Holder establishes 
any other exemption from U.S. withholding including under an applicable tax treaty.

--- Page 944 ---
United Kingdom Taxation 
 
 
944 
 
UNITED KINGDOM TAXATION  
The following disclosure applies only in respect of Securities (as opposed to Warrants) issued by Morgan 
Stanley, MSI plc, MSBV or MSFL and not in respect of Securities issued by a substitute issuer (not 
withstanding that substitution may be permitted by the terms and conditions of the Securities), and 
references in this section on United Kingdom taxation to "Securities" and references to "Securityholders", 
should be construed accordingly. 
The following is a summary of the United Kingdom withholding taxation treatment at the date hereof in 
relation to payments of principal and interest in respect of the Securities.  The comments do not deal with 
other United Kingdom tax aspects of acquiring, holding, disposing of, or abandoning Securities.  
Transactions involving Securities, including the issue and subscription of Securities, any purchase or 
disposal or settlement of Securities, may have United Kingdom tax consequences for potential purchasers 
(including but not limited to, transfer taxes and possible withholding or deduction for or on account of 
United Kingdom tax from payments made in respect of the Securities).  The tax consequences may depend, 
amongst other things, on the status of the potential investor and the terms and conditions of a particular 
Security as specified in the Issue Terms.  The following summary is based on current United Kingdom tax 
law as applied in England and Wales and published practice of HM Revenue and Customs ("HMRC") 
(which may not be binding on HMRC), which may be subject to change, sometimes with retrospective 
effect.  The comments relate only to the position of persons who are absolute beneficial owners of the 
Securities. Prospective holders of the Securities and Securityholders should be aware that the particular 
terms of issue of any series of Securities as specified in the relevant Issue Terms may affect the tax treatment 
of that and other series of Securities.  The following is a general guide and should be treated with 
appropriate caution.  It is not intended as tax advice and it does not purport to describe all of the tax 
considerations that may be relevant to a prospective purchaser.  Prospective holders of the Securities and 
Securityholders who are in any doubt as to their tax position should consult their professional advisors 
about the tax implications of purchasing and holding a Security, any transaction involving a Security, and 
any transaction involved in the exercise and settlement of a Security.  Prospective holders of the Securities 
and Securityholders who may be liable to taxation in jurisdictions other than the United Kingdom are 
particularly advised to consult their professional advisors as to whether they are so liable (and if so under 
the laws of which jurisdictions), since the following comments relate only to certain United Kingdom 
withholding taxation aspects of payments in respect of the Securities.  In particular, prospective holders of 
the Securities and Securityholders should be aware that the tax legislation of any jurisdiction where they 
are resident or otherwise subject to taxation (as well as any jurisdictions discussed herein) may have an 
impact on the tax consequences of an investment in the Securities (including in respect of any income 
received from the Securities) and, in particular, that they may be liable to taxation under the laws of other 
jurisdictions in relation to payments in respect of the Securities even if such payments may be made without 
withholding or deduction for or on account of taxation under the laws of the United Kingdom. 
1. 
Securities - UK Withholding Tax on Interest Payments by the Issuers 
Interest on Securities issued for a term of less than one year (and which are not issued with the intention, 
or under arrangements the effect of which is to render the Securities part of a borrowing with a total term 
of one year or more) may be paid by the relevant Issuer without withholding or deduction for or on account 
of United Kingdom income tax. 
Interest on Securities issued for a term of one year or more (or under arrangements the effect of which is to 
render the Securities part of a borrowing with a total term of one year or more) may be paid by the relevant 
Issuer without withholding or deduction for or on account of United Kingdom income tax except in 
circumstances where such interest has a United Kingdom source.  The location of the source of a payment 
is a complex matter.  It is necessary to have regard to case law and HMRC practice which indicates that in 
determining the source of interest all relevant factors must be taken into account.  HMRC has indicated that 
the most important factors in determining the source of a payment are those which influence where a 
creditor would sue for payment and has stated that the place where the Issuer does business and the place 
where its assets are located are relevant factors in this regard; however, HMRC has also indicated that, 
depending on the circumstances, other relevant factors may include the place of performance of the contract, 
the method of payment, the proper law of contract, the competent jurisdiction for any legal action, the 
location of any security for the debt and the residence of the Guarantor, although other factors may also be 
relevant. 
Interest which has a United Kingdom source ("UK interest") may be paid by the relevant Issuer without 
withholding or deduction for or on account of United Kingdom income tax if the Securities in respect of 
which the UK interest is paid constitute "quoted Eurobonds".  Securities which carry a right to interest will

--- Page 945 ---
United Kingdom Taxation 
 
 
945 
 
constitute "quoted Eurobonds" provided they are and continue to be listed on a "recognised stock exchange" 
within the meaning of sections 987 and 1005 Income Tax Act 2007 or are admitted to trading on a 
multilateral trading facility operated by a UK, Gibraltar or EEA regulated recognised stock exchange within 
the meaning of section 987 Income Tax Act 2007. Securities will be regarded as "listed on a recognised 
stock exchange" for this purpose if they are admitted to trading on an exchange designated as a recognised 
stock exchange by an order made by the Commissioners for HMRC and either they are included in the 
United Kingdom's official list (within the meaning of Part 6 or the Financial Services and Markets Act 
2000) or they are officially listed in a country outside the United Kingdom in which there is a recognised 
stock exchange in accordance with provisions corresponding to those generally applicable in European 
Economic Area States. The Euro MTF is a multilateral trading facility operated by an EEA regulated 
recognised stock exchange (Bourse de Luxembourg) for these purposes. 
If the Securities do not constitute "quoted Eurobonds", payments of interest on the Securities may still be 
made without withholding or deduction for or on account of United Kingdom income tax, provided that the 
relevant Issuer is and continues to be authorised for the purposes of the Financial Services and Markets Act 
2000 and its business is and continues to consist wholly or mainly of dealing in financial instruments (within 
the meaning of section 885 of the Income Tax Act 2007) as principal and that such payments are made in 
the ordinary course of that business. 
In all other cases, UK interest on the Securities may fall to be paid under deduction of United Kingdom 
income tax at the basic rate (currently 20 per cent.) subject to such relief as may be available following a 
direction from HMRC pursuant to the provisions of any applicable double taxation treaty or to any other 
relief which may apply. 
2. 
Payments under Deed of Covenant 
Any payments made under the Deed of Covenant by the relevant Issuer may not qualify for the exemptions 
from UK withholding tax described above. 
3. 
Payments by Guarantor 
The United Kingdom withholding tax treatment of payments by the Guarantor under the terms of the 
Guarantee in respect of interest on the Securities (or other amounts due under the Securities other than the 
repayment of amounts subscribed for the Securities) is uncertain. If the Guarantor makes any payments in 
respect of interest on the Securities (or other amounts due under the Securities other than the repayment of 
amounts subscribed for the Securities) and such payments have a United Kingdom source, such payments 
may be subject to United Kingdom withholding tax at the basic rate (currently 20%) subject to such relief 
as may be available under the provisions of any applicable double taxation treaty or to any other exemption 
which may apply.  Whether such payments made by the Guarantor have a United Kingdom source is a 
complex matter and is likely to be determined by reference to similar factors to those set out in paragraph 
1 above.  Such payments by the Guarantor may not be eligible for the exemptions described in 1. above. 
4. 
Other Rules Relating to United Kingdom Withholding Tax 
Securities may be issued at an issue price of less than 100 per cent. of their principal amount (in the case of 
Notes) or Specified Unit Value (in the case of Certificates). Whether any discount element on such 
Securities will be subject to any United Kingdom withholding tax pursuant to the provisions mentioned 
above, will depend on the precise terms of the Securities. 
Where Securities are to be, or may fall to be, redeemed at a premium, as opposed to being issued at a 
discount, then any such element of premium may constitute a payment of interest.  Payments of interest are 
subject to United Kingdom withholding tax and reporting requirements as outlined above. 
Where interest has been paid under deduction of United Kingdom income tax, Securityholders who are not 
resident in the United Kingdom may be able to recover all or part of the tax deducted if there is an 
appropriate provision in any applicable double taxation treaty. 
The references to "interest" above mean amounts that are treated as "interest" for the purposes of United 
Kingdom tax law.  The statements above do not take any account of any different definitions of "interest" 
or principal" which may prevail under any other law or which may be created by the terms and conditions 
of the Securities or any related documentation.

--- Page 946 ---
United Kingdom Taxation 
 
 
946 
 
5. 
Special tax regimes 
In accordance with Prospectus Regulation (EU 2017/1129) as supplemented by Commission Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2019/980, the Issuer notes that certain securities which may be issued under the Base 
Prospectus that are indexed by reference to movements in the value of shares or certain other assets during 
the life of the securities could fall within the excluded indexed securities rules contained in the Income Tax 
(Trading and Other Income) Act 2005. Any gains or losses arising on the disposal of excluded indexed 
securities (excluding, where a security carries a right to interest payments, any element that represents 
accrued interest at the date of disposal, which will be liable to income tax) would be treated as capital gains 
or allowable losses for capital gains tax purposes in the hands of holders who are individuals and within 
the charge to United Kingdom capital gains tax. Index-linked securities which failed to satisfy these 
conditions may be treated as deeply discounted securities and where the holder is an individual who is 
within the charge to United Kingdom income tax, any gains would be treated as income gains and no relief 
would be available for losses.   
Securityholders within the charge to United Kingdom corporation tax (including non-resident 
Securityholders whose Securities are used, held or acquired for the purposes of a trade carried on in the 
United Kingdom through a permanent establishment) will be subject to tax as income on all profits and 
gains from such Securities broadly in accordance with their statutory accounting treatment. Such 
Securityholders will generally be charged in each accounting period by reference to interest and other 
amounts which, in accordance with generally accepted accounting practice, are recognised in determining 
the Securityholder's profit or loss for that period. Fluctuations in value relating to foreign exchange gains 
and losses in respect of the Securities will be brought into account as income.  
The application of any such special tax regime to Securities and the consequences of holding such Securities 
will depend upon a Securityholder's individual tax status and Securityholders are strongly advised to consult 
their professional advisers prior to any investment in Securities linked to, or indexed by reference to shares 
or other assets.

--- Page 947 ---
Netherlands Taxation 
 
 
947 
 
NETHERLANDS TAXATION 
The following disclosure applies only in respect of Securities issued by MSBV and not in respect of 
Securities issued by Morgan Stanley, MSI plc or MSFL.  References in this section on Netherlands taxation 
to "Issuer" refer only to MSBV, reference to "Program Securities" refer only to Securities issued by MSBV 
and references to holders of Securities should be construed accordingly. 
The following general description of certain Dutch taxation matters is based on the laws and practice in 
force as of the date of this Prospectus and is subject to any changes in law and the interpretation and 
application thereof, which changes could be made with retroactive effect. The following general description 
does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all the tax considerations that may be relevant to a 
decision to acquire, hold or dispose of a Security, and does not purport to deal with the tax consequences 
applicable to all categories of investors, some of which may be subject to special rules. 
For the purpose of this general description it is assumed that no individual or entity holding a Security has 
or will have a substantial interest, or - in the case of a holder of a Security being an entity - a deemed 
substantial interest, in the Issuer and that no connected person (verbonden persoon) to the holder of a 
Security has or will have a substantial interest in the Issuer. 
Generally speaking, an individual has a substantial interest in a company if (a) such individual, either 
alone or together with his partner, directly or indirectly has, or is deemed to have or (b) certain relatives 
of such individual or his partner directly or indirectly have or are deemed to have (i) the ownership of, a 
right to acquire the ownership of, or certain rights over, shares representing 5 per cent or more of either 
the total issued and outstanding capital of such company or the issued and outstanding capital of any class 
of shares of such company, or (ii) the ownership of, or certain rights over, profit participating certificates 
(winstbewijzen) that relate to 5 per cent or more of either the annual profit or the liquidation proceeds of 
such company 
Generally speaking, an entity has a substantial interest in a company if such entity, directly or indirectly 
has (i) the ownership of, a right to acquire the ownership of, or certain rights over, shares representing 5 
per cent or more of either the total issued and outstanding capital of such company or the issued and 
outstanding capital of any class of shares of such company, or (ii) the ownership of, or certain rights over, 
profit participating certificates (winstbewijzen) that relate to 5 per cent or more of either the annual profit 
or the liquidation proceeds of such company. An entity holding a Security has a deemed substantial interest 
in a company if such entity has disposed of or is deemed to have disposed of all or part of a substantial 
interest on a non-recognition basis. 
This summary does not address the Netherlands tax consequences for a holder of Securities that is 
considered to be affiliated (gelieerd) to MSBV within the meaning of the Dutch Withholding Tax Act 2021 
(Wet bronbelasting 2021). Generally, an entity is regarded as 'affiliated' for these purposes if it, either 
alone or as part of a collaborating group, can exercise decisive influence on the activities of MSBV (or if 
MSBV can, either alone or as part of a collaborating group, exercise such influence on the activities of the 
other entity, or if there is a third party, either alone or as part of a collaborating group, that can exercise 
such control over both MSBV and such other entity), which is in any event the case if one holds more than 
50% of the statutory voting rights.  
For the purpose of this general description, the term "entity" means a corporation as well as any other 
person that is taxable as a corporation for Dutch corporate tax purposes. 
Where this general description refers to a holder of a Security, an individual holding a Security or an entity 
holding a Security, such reference is restricted to an individual or entity holding legal title to as well as an 
economic interest in such Security or otherwise being regarded as owning a Security for Dutch tax 
purposes. It is noted that for purposes of Dutch income, corporate, gift and inheritance tax, assets legally 
owned by a third party such as a trustee, foundation or similar entity, may be treated as assets owned by 
the (deemed) settlor, grantor or similar originator or the beneficiaries in proportion to their interest in 
such arrangement. 
Where the general description refers to "The Netherlands" or "Dutch" it refers only to the European part 
of the Kingdom of the Netherlands. 
This summary does not address the Netherlands tax consequences for holders of Securities that are a 
resident of any non-European part of the Kingdom of the Netherlands. 
Investors should consult their professional advisers on the tax consequences of their acquiring, holding 
and disposing of a Security.

--- Page 948 ---
Netherlands Taxation 
 
 
948 
 
1. 
Withholding Tax 
All payments under the Securities may be made free of withholding or deduction of any taxes of whatever 
nature imposed, levied, withheld or assessed by the Netherlands or any political subdivision or taxing 
authority thereof or therein, provided that (i) the Securities have a maturity – legally or de facto - of not 
more than 50 years, and (ii) the Securities will not represent, be linked to (the performance of) or be 
convertible (in part or in whole) into, (rights to purchase) (a) shares, (b) profit certificates (winstbewijzen), 
and/or (c) debt instruments having a maturity – legally or de facto – of more than 50 years, issued by MSBV, 
the Guarantor or any other entity related to MSBV and/or the Guarantor. 
2. 
Taxes on Income and Capital Gains 
Residents 
Resident entities 
An entity holding a Security which is, or is deemed to be, resident in the Netherlands for corporate tax 
purposes and which is not tax exempt, will generally be subject to corporate tax in respect of income or a 
capital gain derived from a Security at the prevailing statutory rates. 
Resident individuals 
An individual holding a Security who is, or is deemed to be, resident in the Netherlands for income tax 
purposes will be subject to income tax in respect of income or a capital gain derived from a Security at rates 
up to 49.5 per cent if: 
(i) 
the income or capital gain is attributable to an enterprise from which the holder derives profits 
(other than as a shareholder); or 
(ii) 
the income or capital gain qualifies as income from miscellaneous activities (belastbaar resultaat 
uit overige werkzaamheden) as defined in the Income Tax Act 2001 (Wet inkomstenbelasting 
2001), including, without limitation, activities that exceed normal, active asset management 
(normaal, actief vermogensbeheer). 
If the above-mentioned conditions (i) and (ii) do not apply, a holder of Securities who is an individual, 
resident or deemed to be resident in the Netherlands for Netherlands tax purposes will not be subject to 
Dutch taxes on income actually received or gains actually realised. Instead, such individual is generally 
taxed at a flat rate of 31% on deemed income from "savings and investments" ("sparen en beleggen"), 
which deemed income is determined on the basis of the amount included in the individual's "yield basis" 
("rendementsgrondslag") at the beginning of the calendar year (minus a tax-free threshold). For the 2021 
tax year, the deemed income derived from savings and investments will amount to 1.90% of the individual's 
yield basis up to and including EUR 50,000 (fifty thousand Euro), 4.50% of the individual's yield basis 
exceeding EUR 50,000 (fifty thousand Euro) up to and including EUR 950,000 (nine hundred and fifty 
thousand Euro) and 5.69% of the individual's yield basis in excess of EUR 950,000 (nine hundred and fifty 
thousand Euro). The tax-free threshold for 2021 is EUR 50,000 (fifty thousand Euro). The percentages to 
determine the deemed income will be reassessed every year. 
Non-residents 
A holder of a Security which is not, or is not deemed to be, resident in the Netherlands for the relevant tax 
purposes will not be subject to taxation on income or a capital gain derived from a Security unless: 
(i) 
the income or capital gain is attributable to an enterprise or part thereof which is either effectively 
managed in or carried on through a permanent establishment (vaste inrichting) or a permanent 
representative (vaste vertegenwoordiger) in the Netherlands; 
(ii) 
the holder is entitled to a share in profits of an enterprise that is effectively managed in the 
Netherlands, and to which enterprise the income or capital gain is attributable, other than by way 
of securities; or 
(iii) 
the holder is an individual and the income or capital gain qualifies as income from miscellaneous 
activities (belastbaar resultaat uit overige werkzaamheden) in the Netherlands as defined in the 
Income Tax Act 2001 (Wet inkomstenbelasting 2001), including, without limitation, activities that 
exceed normal, active asset management (normaal, actief vermogensbeheer).

--- Page 949 ---
Netherlands Taxation 
 
 
949 
 
3. 
Gift and Inheritance Taxes 
Dutch gift or inheritance taxes will not be levied on the occasion of the transfer of a Security by way of gift 
by, or on the death of, a holder of a Security, unless: 
(i) 
the holder of a Security is, or is deemed to be, resident in the Netherlands for the purpose of the 
relevant provisions; or 
(ii) 
the transfer is construed as an inheritance or gift made by, or on behalf of, a person who, at the 
time of the gift or death, is or is deemed to be resident in the Netherlands for the purpose of the 
relevant provisions. 
4. 
Value Added Tax 
There is no Dutch value added tax payable by a holder of a Security in respect of payments in consideration 
for the issue of the Securities or in respect of the payment of interest or principal under the Securities, or 
the transfer of the Securities. 
5. 
Other Taxes and Duties 
There is no Dutch registration tax, stamp duty or any other similar tax or duty, other than court fees, payable 
in the Netherlands by a holder of a Security in respect of or in connection with the execution, delivery 
and/or enforcement by legal proceedings (including any foreign judgement in the courts of the Netherlands) 
of the Securities or the performance of the Issuer's obligations under the Securities. 
6. 
Residence 
A holder of a Security will not be and will not be deemed to be resident in the Netherlands for tax purposes 
and, subject to the exceptions set out above, will not otherwise be subject to Dutch taxation, by reason only 
of acquiring, holding or disposing of a Security or the execution, performance, delivery and/or enforcement 
of a Security.

--- Page 950 ---
Austrian Taxation 
 
 
950 
 
AUSTRIAN TAXATION 
This section on taxation contains a brief description of the Issuers' understanding with regard to certain 
important principles which may be of significance in connection with the purchase, holding or sale of the 
Securities in the Republic of Austria.  This general description does not purport to exhaustively describe 
all possible tax aspects and does not deal with specific situations which may be of relevance for certain 
potential investors.  The following comments are rather of a general nature and included herein solely for 
information purposes.  These comments are not intended to be, nor should they be construed to be, legal or 
tax advice.  This description furthermore only refers to investors which are subject to unlimited (corporate) 
income tax liability in Austria.  It is based on the currently valid tax legislation, case law and regulations 
of the tax authorities, as well as their respective interpretation, all of which may be amended from time to 
time.  Such amendments may possibly also be effected with retroactive effect and may negatively impact on 
the tax consequences described.  It is recommended that potential purchasers of the Securities consult with 
their legal and tax advisors as to the tax consequences of the purchase, holding or sale of the Securities.  
Tax risks resulting from the Securities (in particular from a potential qualification as a foreign investment 
fund within the meaning of sec. 188 of the Austrian Investment Funds Act 2011 (Investmentfondsgesetz 
2011)) shall in any case be borne by the purchaser.  For the purposes of the following it is assumed that 
the Securities are legally and factually offered to an indefinite number of persons. The Issuer assumes no 
responsibility with respect to taxes withheld at source. 
General remarks 
Individuals having a permanent domicile (Wohnsitz) and/or their habitual abode (gewöhnlicher Aufenthalt) 
in Austria are subject to income tax (Einkommensteuer) in Austria on their worldwide income (unlimited 
income tax liability; unbeschränkte Einkommensteuerpflicht).  Individuals having neither a permanent 
domicile nor their habitual abode in Austria are subject to income tax only on income from certain Austrian 
sources (limited income tax liability; beschränkte Einkommensteuerpflicht). 
Corporations having their place of effective management (Ort der Geschäftsleitung) and/or their legal seat 
(Sitz) in Austria are subject to corporate income tax (Körperschaftsteuer) in Austria on their worldwide 
income (unlimited corporate income tax liability; unbeschränkte Körperschaftsteuerpflicht).  Corporations 
having neither their place of effective management nor their legal seat in Austria are subject to corporate 
income tax only on income from certain Austrian sources (limited corporate income tax liability; 
beschränkte Körperschaftsteuerpflicht). 
Both in case of unlimited and limited (corporate) income tax liability, Austria's right to tax may be restricted 
by double taxation treaties. 
Income taxation of the Securities 
Pursuant to sec. 27(1) of the Austrian Income Tax Act (Einkommensteuergesetz), the term investment 
income (Einkünfte aus Kapitalvermögen) comprises: 
• 
income from the letting of capital (Einkünfte aus der Überlassung von Kapital) pursuant to sec. 
27(2) of the Austrian Income Tax Act, including dividends and interest; 
• 
income from realised increases in value (Einkünfte aus realisierten Wertsteigerungen) pursuant to 
sec. 27(3) of the Austrian Income Tax Act, including gains from the sale, redemption and other 
realisation of assets that lead to income from the letting of capital, zero coupon bonds and also 
broken-period interest; and 
• 
income from derivatives (Einkünfte aus Derivaten) pursuant to sec. 27(4) of the Austrian Income 
Tax Act, including cash settlements, option premiums received and income from the sale or other 
realisation of forward contracts like options, futures and swaps and other derivatives such as index 
certificates. 
According to the interpretation of the Austrian Ministry of Finance, sec. 27(4) of the Austrian Income Tax 
Act comprises all kind of certificates, including for example index certificates, alpha certificates, leverage 
certificates or so-called sport certificates (Income Tax Act Guidelines 2000, "EStR 2000", para 6173). The 
underlying may be shares, indices, commodities, currencies, bonds, metals, etc. In case of certificates, 
income from derivatives results from the difference between the acquisition costs and the sales prices or 
redemption value or settlement amount (all of the latter depending on the development in value of the 
underlying). Indexed bonds (indexierte Anleihen) or bonds with index-linked yield (Anleihen mit 
indexorientierter Verzinsung) are not deemed to be derivatives for purposes of sec. 27(4) of the Austrian 
Income Tax Act. Interest resulting from these bonds is treated as income from the letting of capital pursuant 
to sec. 27(2) of the Austrian Income Tax Act; the sale or redemption of these bonds is deemed to lead to

--- Page 951 ---
Austrian Taxation 
 
 
951 
 
income from realized gains and other increases in value pursuant to sec. 27(3) of the Austrian Income Tax 
Act (EStR 2000, para 6195 et seq.). In case the Issuer may choose whether to redeem a bond either by 
handing out cash or by way of transferring (own or third party) shares (so-called cash or share bonds), 
interest paid on these bonds is deemed to be income from the letting of capital pursuant to sec. 27(2) of the 
Austrian Income Tax Act. The exercise of the option by the Issuer is not deemed to be an exchange of 
bonds for stock and does therefore not result in a sale of the bond with a subsequent acquisition of the 
shares (EStR 2000, para 6183 et seq.). Income from the sale or redemption of cash or share bonds constitutes 
income from realized increases in value.  
The withdrawal of the Securities from a bank deposit (Depotentnahme) would generally be considered as 
a sale. In case certain notification requirements are met, no taxation is triggered. Furthermore, 
circumstances leading to a loss of Austria's taxation right regarding the Securities vis-à-vis other countries, 
e.g. a relocation from Austria (Wegzug) are in general deemed to constitute a sale (cf. sec. 27(6) of the 
Austrian Income Tax Act). In case of relocation of an individual to a Member State of the European Union 
or to Member States of the European Economic Area, a deferral of taxation may be available.  
Individuals holding the Securities as non-business assets 
Individuals subject to unlimited income tax liability in Austria holding the Securities as a non-business 
asset are subject to income tax on all resulting investment income pursuant to sec. 27(1) of the Austrian 
Income Tax Act.  In case of investment income with an Austrian nexus (inländische Einkünfte aus 
Kapitalvermögen), basically meaning income that is paid by an Austrian paying agent (auszahlende Stelle) 
or an Austrian custodian agent (depotführende Stelle), the income is subject to a withholding tax of 27.5%; 
no additional income tax is levied over and above the amount of tax withheld (final taxation pursuant to 
sec. 97(1) of the Austrian Income Tax Act).  In case of investment income without an Austrian nexus, the 
income must be included in the income tax return and is subject to a flat income tax rate of 27.5%. In both 
cases upon application the option exists to tax all income subject to the tax rate of 27.5% at the lower 
progressive income tax rate (option to regular taxation pursuant to sec. 27a(5) of the Austrian Income Tax 
Act). 
Sec. 27(8) of the Austrian Income Tax Act, inter alia, provides for the following restrictions on the set-off 
of losses: negative income from realised increases in value and from derivatives may not be set off against 
interest and other claims against credit institutions as well as certain income pursuant to sec. 27(5)(7) of 
the Austrian Income Tax Act; income subject to the flat tax rates of 25% or 27.5% may not be set off against 
income subject to the progressive income tax rate (this equally applies in case of an exercise of the option 
to regular taxation); negative investment income not already set off against positive investment income may 
not be set off against other types of income. 
Individuals holding the Securities as business assets 
Individuals subject to unlimited income tax liability in Austria holding the Securities as a business asset are 
subject to income tax on all resulting investment income pursuant to sec. 27(1) of the Austrian Income Tax 
Act.  In case of investment income with an Austrian nexus (as described above), the income is subject to a 
withholding tax of 27.5%.  While this withholding tax has the effect of final taxation for income from the 
letting of capital, income from realised increases in value and income from derivatives must on the other 
hand be included in the income tax return (nevertheless subject to the flat income tax rate of 27.5%).  In 
case of investment income without an Austrian nexus, the income must always be included in the income 
tax return (subject to the flat income tax rate of 27.5%). In both cases upon application the option exists to 
tax all income subject to the tax rate of 27.5%  at the lower progressive income tax rate (option to regular 
taxation pursuant to sec. 27a(5) of the Austrian Income Tax Act).  Pursuant to sec. 6(2)(c) of the Austrian 
Income Tax Act, impairment to the lower fair market value and losses from the sale, redemption and other 
realisation of financial assets and derivatives in the sense of sec. 27(3) and (4) of the Austrian Income Tax 
Act, which are subject to the special tax rates of 27.5% or 25%, are primarily to be set off against income 
from realised increases in value of such financial assets and derivatives and with appreciations in value of 
such assets within the same business unit (Wirtschaftsgüter desselben Betriebes); only 55% of the 
remaining negative difference may be set off against other types of income (and carried forward). 
Corporations and Private Foundations 
Corporations subject to unlimited corporate income tax liability in Austria are subject to corporate income 
tax on interest from the Securities at a rate of 25% (from 1 January 2023: 24% and from 1 January 2024 
onwards: 23%).  In case of investment income with an Austrian nexus (as described above) the income is 
subject to a withholding tax of 27.5%, which may be reduced to 25% (from 1 January 2023: 24% and from 
1 January 2024 onwards: 23%) in case a corporation is the beneficial recipient of such income. Such

--- Page 952 ---
Austrian Taxation 
 
 
952 
 
withholding tax can be credited against the corporate income tax liability. However, under the conditions 
set forth in sec. 94(5) of the Austrian Income Tax Act, no withholding tax is levied in the first place. Income 
from the sale of the Securities is subject to corporate income tax of 25% (from 1 January 2023: 24% and 
from 1 January 2024 onwards: 23%).  Losses from the sale of the Securities can be set off against other 
income (and carried forward). 
Private foundations pursuant to the Austrian Private Foundations Act fulfilling the prerequisites contained 
in sec. 13(3) and (6) of the Austrian Corporate Income Tax Act and holding the Securities as a non-business 
asset are subject to interim taxation at a rate of 25% (from 1 January 2023: 24% and from 1 January 2024 
onwards: 23%) on interest income, income from realised increases in value and income from derivatives 
(inter alia, if the latter are in the form of securities; or in case of non-securitized derivatives if the Austrian 
custodian or paying agent voluntarily withholds the tax at source pursuant to sec. 27a(2)(7) of the Austrian 
Income Tax Act).  Interim tax does not fall due insofar as distributions subject to withholding tax are made 
to beneficiaries in the tax period.  In case of investment income with an Austrian nexus (as described above), 
income is in general subject to a withholding tax of 27.5%, which may be reduced to 25% (from 1 January 
2023: 24% and from 1 January 2024 onwards: 23%) in case a corporation is the beneficial recipient of such 
income. Such withholding tax can be credited against the tax falling due. Under the conditions set forth in 
sec. 94(12) of the Austrian Income Tax Act, no withholding tax is levied. 
Set-off of losses by an Austrian depository agent 
Pursuant to sec. 93(6) of the Austrian Income Tax Act, the Austrian custodian agent is obliged to 
automatically set off negative investment income against positive investment income, taking into account 
all of a taxpayer's bank deposits with the same custodian agent.  If negative and at the same time or later in 
the same calendar year positive income is earned, then the negative income is to be set off against the 
positive income.  If positive and later in the same calendar year negative income is earned, then the 
withholding tax on the positive income is to be credited, with such tax credit being limited to 27.5% of the 
negative income. In certain cases, the set-off is not permissible. The custodian agent has to issue a written 
confirmation on the set-off of losses for each bank deposit. 
Risk of qualification as units in a non-Austrian investment fund 
Pursuant to sec. 188 of the Austrian Investment Funds Act 2011 prior to its amendment by the Austrian 
Alternative Investment Funds Manager Act (BGBl I 135/2013), a non-Austrian investment fund was 
defined as any assets subject to a foreign jurisdiction which, irrespective of the legal form they are organised 
in, are invested according to the principle of risk diversification on the basis either of a statute, of the entity's 
articles or of customary exercise. Certain collective investment vehicles investing in real estate were 
exempted.  The Austrian tax authorities commented upon the distinction between index certificates of 
foreign issuers on the one hand and non-Austrian investment funds on the other hand in the Investment 
Fund Regulations (Investmentfondsrichtlinien). Pursuant to these, no non-Austrian investment fund may be 
assumed if for the purposes of the issuance no predominant actual purchase of the underlying assets by the 
issuer or a trustee of the issuer, if any, is made and no actively managed assets exist. Directly held bonds 
shall not be considered as foreign investment funds if the performance of the bonds depends on an index, 
notwithstanding the fact of whether the index is a well-known one, an individually constructed "fixed" 
index or an index which is changeable at any time. Special rules applied to hedge-index funds. 
In the course of the implementation of the Alternative Investment Funds Managers Directive (EC Directive 
2011/61/EU) into domestic law, the definition of the term non-Austrian investment fund significantly 
changed, but the distinction between index certificates, indexed bonds and non-Austrian investment 
vehicles may still be important. This topic is not addressed in the current guidelines issued by the Austrian 
Ministry of Finance (Investmentfondsrichtlinien 2018). In this respect it should be noted that the Austrian 
tax authorities have stated that debt securities may be classified as an Alternative Investment Fund ("AIF") 
(InvFR 2018 para 77). According to these Investment Funds Act Guidelines, this may be so especially if 
(a) there is an obligation on the investor regarding the investment of the issue proceeds and (b) the 
possibility of influence by the issuer on the performance of the investment. Therefore, the risk of the 
qualification of the Securities as units in a non-Austrian investment fund must be assessed on a case-by-
case basis. 
Austrian inheritance and gift tax 
Austria does not levy inheritance or gift tax. 
However, it should be noted that certain gratuitous transfers of assets to (Austrian or foreign) private law 
foundations and comparable legal estates (privatrechtliche Stiftungen und damit vergleichbare

--- Page 953 ---
Austrian Taxation 
 
 
953 
 
Vermögensmassen) are subject to a foundation transfer tax (Stiftungseingangssteuer) pursuant to the 
Austrian Foundation Tax Act (Stiftungseingangssteuergesetz).  Such tax is triggered if the transferor and/or 
the transferee at the time of transfer have a domicile, their habitual abode, their legal seat or their place of 
effective management in Austria.  Certain exemptions apply in case of a transfer mortis causa of financial 
assets within the meaning of sec. 27(3) and (4) of the Austrian Income Tax Act (except for participations 
in corporations) if income from such financial assets is subject to a special tax rate.  The tax basis is the fair 
market value of the assets transferred minus any debts, calculated at the time of transfer.  The tax rate is in 
general 2.5%, with a higher rate of 25% applying in special cases. 
In addition, a special notification obligation exists for gifts of money, receivables, shares in corporations, 
participations in partnerships, businesses, movable tangible assets and intangibles.  The notification 
obligation applies if the donor and/or the donee have a domicile, their habitual abode, their legal seat or 
their place of effective management in Austria.  Not all gifts are covered by the notification obligation:  In 
case of gifts to certain related parties, a threshold of EUR 50,000 per year applies; in all other cases, a 
notification is obligatory if the value of gifts made exceeds an amount of EUR 15,000 during a period of 
five years.  Furthermore, gratuitous transfers to foundations falling under the Austrian Foundation Tax Act 
described above are also exempt from the notification obligation.  Intentional violation of the notification 
obligation may lead to the levying of fines of up to 10% of the fair market value of the assets transferred. 
Further, it should be noted that gratuitous transfers of the Securities may trigger income tax on the level of 
the transferor pursuant to sec. 27(6) of the Austrian Income Tax Act (see above).

--- Page 954 ---
Belgian Taxation 
 
 
954 
 
BELGIAN TAXATION 
The following summary describes the principal Belgian tax considerations with respect to the holding of 
Securities obtained by an investor in Belgium. This information is of a general nature and does not purport 
to be a comprehensive description of all Belgian tax considerations that may be relevant to a decision to 
acquire, to hold or to dispose of the Securities. This summary is based on Belgian tax legislation, treaties, 
rules, and administrative interpretations and similar documentation, in force as of the date of the 
publication of this Base Prospectus, without prejudice to any amendments introduced at a later date, even 
if implemented with retroactive effect. This summary does not describe the tax consequences for a holder 
of Securities that are redeemable in exchange for, or convertible into assets, of the exercise, settlement or 
redemption of such Securities or any tax consequences after the moment of exercise, settlement or 
redemption. 
Each prospective holder of Securities should consult a professional adviser with respect to the tax 
consequences of an investment in the Securities, taking into account the inﬂuence of each regional, local 
or national law.  
Belgian Withholding Tax 
Under Belgian tax law, "interest" income includes: (i) periodic interest income; (ii) any amount paid by the 
Issuer in excess of the issue price (whether or not on the maturity date); and (iii) if the Securities qualify as 
"ﬁxed income securities" (in the meaning of article 2, §1, 8° Belgian Income Tax Code 1992), in the case 
of a realisation of the Securities between two interest payment dates, the interest accrued during the 
detention period. "Fixed income securities" include Securities where there is a causal link between the 
amount of interest income and the detention period of the Securities, on the basis of which it is possible to 
calculate the amount of pro rata interest income at the moment of the sale of the Securities during their 
lifetime. Further, on 25 January 2013, the Belgian tax authorities issued a circular letter on the tax treatment 
of income from structured products the return of which is linked to an underlying value (share basket, index, 
etc.) and the terms and conditions of which include one or more of the following features: (a) a (conditional) 
minimum return; (b) capital protection; (c) a periodic coupon payment; and (d) determination of income at 
an intermediary stage using a "ratchet" system. The circular letter takes the position that such structured 
products qualify as "fixed income securities" and sets out a (somewhat unclear) formula to calculate the 
pro rata of accrued interest. It is debatable whether the general statements made in the circular letter are in 
line with Belgian tax legislation. 
Payments of interest on the Securities made through a paying agent in Belgium will in principle be subject 
to a 30 per cent. withholding tax in Belgium (calculated on the interest received after deduction of any non-
Belgian withholding taxes) subject to such reductions or exemptions as may be available under Belgian 
domestic or treaty law. 
Belgian Income Tax rules applicable to natural persons resident in Belgium  
For Belgian resident individuals, the 30 per cent. Belgian withholding tax constitutes the final income tax. 
This means that they do not have to declare any interest obtained on the Securities in their personal income 
tax return, provided withholding tax was levied on these interest payments. Nevertheless, Belgian resident 
individuals may elect to declare any interest received on Securities in their personal income tax return. 
Also, if no Belgian withholding tax has been withheld (e.g. because the interest is paid outside Belgium 
without the intervention of a Belgian paying agent or because it concerns the pro rata of accrued interest in 
the case of a sale of the Securities), any interest received (after deduction of any non-Belgian withholding 
tax) must be declared in the personal income tax return. Interest income which is declared in this way will 
in principle be taxed at a flat rate of 30 per cent. (or at the relevant progressive personal income tax rate(s), 
taking into account the taxpayer's other declared income, if this results in lower taxation) and no local 
surcharges will be due. The Belgian withholding tax levied may be credited against the income tax liability. 
Capital gains realised upon the sale of the Securities are in principle tax exempt, except if the capital gains 
are realised outside the scope of the management of one's private estate or except to the extent that the 
capital gains qualify as interest (as deﬁned above in the section entitled "Belgian Withholding Tax"). 
Capital losses are in principle not tax deductible. 
Other tax rules apply to Belgian resident individuals holding the Securities not as a private investment but 
in the framework of their professional activity or when the transactions with respect to the Securities fall 
outside the scope of the normal management of their own private estate.

--- Page 955 ---
Belgian Taxation 
 
 
955 
 
Belgian resident corporations  
Interest derived by Belgian corporate investors (i.e. corporations subject to Belgian Corporate Income Tax) 
on the Securities and capital gains realised on the disposal or settlement of the Securities will in principle 
be subject to Belgian corporate income tax at the rate of in principle 25 per cent.. Subject to certain 
conditions, small companies (as defined in Article 1:24, § 1 to § 6 of the Belgian Companies and 
Associations Code) are taxable at the reduced corporate income tax rate of 20% on the first tranche of 
taxable profits of EUR 100,000. 
If non-Belgian withholding tax has been levied on the interest, a foreign tax credit may be applied against 
the Belgian tax due. The foreign tax credit is determined by reference to a fraction where the numerator is 
equal to the rate of the foreign tax with a maximum of 15 and the denominator is equal to 100 minus the 
amount of the numerator (with a number of additional limitations). Capital losses on the Securities are in 
principle tax deductible.  
For Belgian resident corporations, interest payments on the Securities (except for Securities which are zero 
coupon securities or which provide for the capitalisation of interest) made through a paying agent in 
Belgium may under certain specific circumstances be exempt from withholding tax, provided a special 
attestation is delivered. The Belgian withholding tax that has been levied is creditable and refundable in 
accordance with the applicable legal provisions.  
Other tax rules apply to investment companies within the meaning of Article 185bis of the Belgian Income 
Tax Code 1992. 
Organisation for financing pensions  
Interest derived on the Securities and capital gains realised on the Securities will not be subject to Belgian 
Corporate Income Tax in the hands of Belgian Organisations for Financing Pensions ("OFPs"). Capital 
losses incurred by OFPs on the Securities will not be tax deductible. Subject to certain conditions, any 
Belgian withholding tax that has been levied on the Securities is creditable and refundable in accordance 
with the applicable legal provisions. 
Other Belgian legal entities  
Legal entities that are Belgian residents for tax purposes, i.e. that are subject to Belgian tax on legal entities 
(Rechtspersonenbelasting/impôt des personnes morales), are subject to the following tax treatment in 
Belgium with respect to the Securities.  
Payments of interest (as deﬁned in the section entitled "Belgian Withholding Tax") on the Securities made 
through a paying agent in Belgium will in principle be subject to a 30 per cent. withholding tax in Belgium 
and no further tax on legal entities will be due on the interest. However, if no Belgian withholding tax has 
been withheld (e.g. because the interest is paid outside Belgium without the intervention of a Belgian paying 
agent or because it concerns the pro rata of accrued interest in the case of a sale of the Securities), the legal 
entity itself is liable to declare the interest to the Belgian tax administration and to pay the 30 per cent. 
withholding tax to the Belgian treasury.  
Capital gains realised on the Securities are in principle tax exempt, except to the extent the capital gain 
qualifies as interest (as deﬁned in the section entitled "Belgian Withholding Tax"). Capital losses on the 
Securities are in principle not tax deductible. 
Non-residents of Belgium 
The interest income (as deﬁned in the section entitled "Belgian Withholding Tax") on the Securities paid 
to a Belgian non-resident outside of Belgium, i.e. without the intervention of a professional intermediary in 
Belgium, is not subject to Belgian withholding tax. Interest income on the Securities paid through a Belgian 
professional intermediary will in principle be subject to a 30 per cent. Belgian withholding tax, unless the 
holder is resident in a country with which Belgium has concluded a double taxation agreement and delivers 
the requested affidavit. Non-resident holders that have not allocated the Securities to business activities in 
Belgium can also obtain an exemption of Belgian withholding tax on interest if the interest is paid through 
a Belgian credit institution, a Belgian stock market company or a Belgian clearing or settlement institution 
and provided that the non-resident; (i) is the owner or usufruct holder of the Securities; (ii) has not allocated

--- Page 956 ---
Belgian Taxation 
 
 
956 
 
the Securities to business activities in Belgium; and (iii) delivers an affidavit confirming his non-resident 
status and the fulfilment of conditions (i) and (ii). 
Non-resident holders using the Securities to exercise a professional activity in Belgium through a permanent 
establishment are subject to the same tax rules as the Belgian resident corporations (see above).  
Non-resident holders who do not allocate the Securities to a professional activity in Belgium are not subject 
to Belgian income tax, save, as the case may be, in the form of withholding tax.  
Belgian tax on stock exchange transactions and tax on repurchase transactions 
The purchase and sale of the Securities on the secondary market that is (i) either entered into or carried out 
in Belgium through a professional intermediary or (ii) deemed to be carried out in Belgium, which is the 
case if the order is directly or indirectly made to a professional intermediary established outside of Belgium, 
either by a private individual with habitual residence in Belgium or by a legal entity for the account of its 
seat or establishment in Belgium (both referred to as a "Belgian Investor"), will be subject to a tax on stock 
exchange transactions ("taks op beursverrichtingen" / "taxe sur les operations de bourse"). The tax is 
generally due at a rate 0.12 per cent. for transactions in debt instruments and at a rate of 0.35 per cent. for 
transactions in other securities which are not capitalisation shares, with a maximum amount per transaction 
and per party of €1,300 for debt instruments and €1,600 for other securities which are not capitalisation 
shares. The tax is due separately from each of the seller/transferor and the purchaser/transferee and is 
collected by the professional intermediary. 
If the professional intermediary is established outside Belgium, the tax on stock exchange transactions is 
due by the ordering private individual or legal entity (who will be responsible for the filing of a stock 
exchange tax return and for the timely payment of the amount of stock exchange tax due) unless that 
individual or entity can demonstrate that the tax on stock exchange transactions due has already been paid 
by the professional intermediary established outside Belgium. In the latter case, the foreign professional 
intermediary also has to provide each client (which gives such intermediary an order) with a qualifying 
order statement (borderel/bordereau), at the latest on the business day after the day on which the relevant 
transaction was realised. The qualifying order statements must be numbered in series and duplicates must 
be retained by the financial intermediary. A duplicate can be replaced by a qualifying agent day-today 
listing, numbered in series. Alternatively, professional intermediaries established outside Belgium have the 
possibility to appoint a stock exchange tax representative in Belgium, subject to certain conditions and 
formalities (a "Stock Exchange Tax Representative"). Such Stock Exchange Tax Representative will then 
be liable toward the Belgian Treasury for the tax on stock exchange transactions on behalf of clients that 
fall within one of the aforementioned categories (provided that these clients do not qualify as exempt 
persons for stock exchange tax purposes – see below) and to comply with the reporting obligations and the 
obligations relating to the order statement (borderel/bordereau) in that respect. If such a Stock Exchange 
Tax Representative would have paid the tax on stock exchange transactions due, the Belgian Investor will, 
as per the above, no longer be the debtor of the tax on stock exchange transactions. 
A tax on repurchase transactions ("taks op de reporten"/"taxe sur les reports") at the rate of 0.085 per cent. 
will be due from each party to any such transaction entered into or settled in Belgium in which a stockbroker 
acts for either party, with a maximum amount of €1,300 per transaction and per party. 
However, the taxes referred to above will not be payable by exempt persons acting for their own account, 
including investors who are Belgian non-residents provided they deliver an attestation to the financial 
intermediary in Belgium confirming their non-resident status, and certain Belgian institutional investors as 
defined in Articles 126.1 2° and 139 of the Code of various duties and taxes ("Code des droits et taxes 
divers"/"Wetboek diverse rechten en taksen"). 
As indicated in the section relating to the 'Proposed Financial Transactions Tax', the European Commission 
has published a proposal for a FTT. This proposal currently stipulates that once the FTT enters into force, 
the participating Member States shall not maintain or introduce taxes on financial transactions other than 
the FTT (or value added tax as provided in the Council Directive 2006/112/EC of November 28, 2006 on 
the common system of value added tax). For Belgium, the tax on stock exchange transactions should thus 
be abolished once the FTT enters into force. The proposal is still subject to negotiation between the 
participating Member States and therefore may be changed at any time.

--- Page 957 ---
Belgian Taxation 
 
 
957 
 
Annual tax on securities accounts 
Pursuant to the Belgian Law of 17 February 2021 on the introduction of an annual tax on securities accounts, 
an annual tax is levied on securities accounts with an average value, over a period of twelve consecutive 
months starting on 1 October and ending on 30 September of the subsequent year, higher than EUR 1 
million. 
The tax is equal to 0.15 per cent. of the average value of the securities accounts during a reference period. 
The reference period normally runs from 1 October to 30 September of the subsequent year. The first 
reference period runs from 26 February 2021 to 30 September 2021. The taxable base is determined based 
on four reference dates: 31 December, 31 March, 30 June and 30 September. The amount of the tax is 
limited to 10 per cent. of the difference between the taxable base and the threshold of EUR 1 million.  
The tax targets securities accounts held by resident individuals, companies and legal entities, irrespective 
as to whether these accounts are held with a financial intermediary which is established or located in 
Belgium or abroad. The tax also applies to securities accounts held by non-resident individuals, companies 
and legal entities with a financial intermediary established or located in Belgium. Belgian establishments 
from Belgian non-residents are however treated as Belgian residents for purposes of the annual tax on 
securities accounts so that both Belgian and foreign securities accounts fall within the scope of this tax.Note 
that pursuant to certain double tax treaties, Belgium has no right to tax capital. Hence, to the extent the tax 
on securities accounts is viewed as a tax on capital within the meaning of these double tax treaties, treaty 
protection may, subject to certain conditions, be claimed. 
Each securities account is assessed separately. When multiple holders hold a securities account, each holder 
is jointly and severally liable for the payment of the tax and each holder may fulfil the declaration 
requirements for all holders.  
There are various exemptions, such as securities accounts held by specific types of regulated entities for 
their own account. 
A financial intermediary is defined as (i) the National Bank of Belgium, the European Central Bank and 
foreign central banks performing similar functions, (ii) a central securities depository included in Article 
198/1, §6, 12° of the Belgian Income Tax Code, (iii) a credit institution or a stockbroking firm as defined 
by Article 1, §3 of the Law of 25 April 2014 on the status and supervision of credit institutions and 
investment companies and (iv) the investment companies as defined by Article 3, §1 of the Law of 25 
October 2016 on access to the activity of investment services and on the legal status and supervision of 
portfolio management and investment advice companies, which are, pursuant to national law, admitted to 
hold financial instruments for the account of customers. 
The annual tax on securities accounts is in principle due by the financial intermediary established or located 
in Belgium. Otherwise, the annual tax on securities accounts needs to be declared and is due by the holder 
of the securities accounts itself, unless the holder provides evidence that the annual tax on securities 
accounts has already been withheld, declared and paid by an intermediary which is not established or 
located in Belgium. In that respect, intermediaries located or established outside of Belgium could appoint 
an annual tax on securities accounts representative in Belgium. Such a representative is then liable towards 
the Belgian Treasury (Trésor/Thesaurie) for the annual tax on securities accounts due and for complying 
with certain reporting obligations in that respect. If the holder of the securities accounts itself is liable for 
reporting obligations (e.g. when a Belgian resident holds a securities account abroad with an average value 
higher than EUR 1 million), the deadline for filing the tax return for the annual tax on securities accounts 
corresponds with the deadline for filing the annual tax return for personal income tax purposes 
electronically, irrespective whether the Belgian resident is an individual or a legal entity. In the latter case, 
the annual tax on securities accounts must be paid by the taxpayer on 31 August of the year following the 
year on which the tax was calculated, at the latest. 
Anti-abuse provisions, retroactively applying from 30 October 2020, are also introduced: a rebuttable 
general anti-abuse provision and two irrebuttable specific anti-abuse provisions. The latter cover (i) the 
splitting of a securities account into multiple securities accounts held at the same intermediary and (ii) the 
conversion of taxable financial instruments, held on a securities account, into registered financial 
instruments.

--- Page 958 ---
Belgian Taxation 
 
 
958 
 
Several requests for annulment of the law introducing the tax on securities accounts have been filed with 
the Constitutional Court. If the Constitutional Court were to annul the tax on securities accounts without 
upholding its effects, all taxpayers will be authorised to claim restitution of the tax already paid.  
Prospective holders of Securities are advised to follow up and seek their own professional advice in relation 
to this new annual tax on securities accounts and the possible impact thereof on their own personal tax 
position.

--- Page 959 ---
Danish Taxation 
 
 
959 
 
DANISH TAXATION 
The following is a general description of the taxation in Denmark of Securities according to the Danish tax 
laws in force at the date of this Base Prospectus and is subject to any changes in law and the interpretation 
and application thereof, which changes could be made with retroactive effect.  The following general 
description does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all the tax considerations that may be 
relevant to a decision to acquire, hold or dispose of Securities and does not purport to deal with the tax 
consequences applicable to all categories of investors, some of which (such as professional dealers in 
securities) may be subject to special rules.  Potential investors are under all circumstances strongly 
recommended to contact their own tax advisor to clarify the individual consequences of their investment, 
holding and disposal of Securities.  The Issuer makes no representations regarding the tax consequences 
of purchase, holding or disposal of the Securities. 
Taxation at source 
Under existing Danish tax laws no general withholding tax or coupon tax will apply to payments of interest 
or principal or other amounts due on the Securities, other than in certain cases on payments in respect of 
controlled debt in relation to the Issuer as referred to in The Danish Corporation Tax Act (in Danish 
"Selskabsskatteloven") of 22 February 2021 (as amended).  This will not have any impact on 
Securityholders who are not in a relationship whereby they control, or are controlled by, the Issuer, or where 
the Securityholders and the Issuer are not controlled by the same group of shareholders. 
Moreover, Danish withholding tax on payments of interest or principal or other amounts due on the 
Securities will not apply where the payment does not have a Danish source. 
Resident Securityholders 
Private individuals, including persons who are engaged in financial trade, companies and similar enterprises 
resident in Denmark for tax purposes or receiving interest on the Securities through their permanent 
establishment in Denmark are liable to pay tax on such interest. 
Capital gains are taxable to individuals and corporate entities in accordance with the Danish Capital and 
Exchange Gains Act (in Danish "Kursgevinstloven") of 25 October 2016 (as amended) (the "Act"). Gains 
and losses on Securities held by corporate entities are generally taxed in accordance with a mark-to-market 
principle (in Danish "lagerprincippet"), i.e. on an unrealised basis.  Gains and losses on Securities held by 
individuals are generally taxed on a realised basis and if the annual gains or losses do not exceed DKK 
2,000, the gains or losses will be exempt from taxation. The net gains on Securities held by individuals are 
generally taxed as capital income at a rate of up to 42 per cent in 2022. 
A variety of features regarding interest and principal may apply to the Securities. The applicable taxation 
of capital gains to corporate entities or individuals will depend on the features applicable to the Securities 
in question. 
Structured securities can be designed in many ways and with many different underlying assets or in a way 
that the yield will depend on various index or currency flows.  When structured securities are issued the 
following tax rules generally apply to the Securities. 
Gains and losses on structured securities are generally treated as gains and losses on financial instruments 
in accordance with section 29(3) of the Act.  However, there are exceptions – for example, securities which 
are adjusted in relation to developments in the consumer prices index (as computed by Statistics Denmark 
(in Danish "Danmarks Statistik")), the net consumer-price index or a similar index within the European 
Union or any of its member states.   
The gains and losses on structured securities are calculated irrespective of the rules applying to the 
underlying asset. 
Gains and losses on structured securities issued to both corporate entities and individuals are predominantly 
treated as taxable income in accordance with a mark-to-market principle (in Danish "lagerprincippet"), i.e. 
on an unrealised basis. 
Corporate entities are generally able to deduct losses on structured securities, but individuals may only 
deduct losses on structured securities against gains on other financial instruments.  However, in both cases, 
certain restrictions or exceptions apply. 
Pension funds and other entities governed by the Danish Act on Taxation of Pension Yield (in Danish 
"Pensionsafkastbeskatningsloven") of 6 March 2020 (as amended) would, irrespective of realisation, be 
taxed on annual value increase or decrease of the Securities according to a mark-to-market principle (in

--- Page 960 ---
Danish Taxation 
 
 
960 
 
Danish "lagerprincippet") as specifically laid down in the act. The yield is taxed at a flat rate of 15.3 per 
cent. 
Non-Resident Securityholders 
Under existing Danish tax laws, payments of interest or principal amounts to any non-resident 
Securityholders are not subject to taxation in Denmark, other than in certain cases on payments in respect 
of controlled debt in relation to the Issuer as referred to under "Taxation at source" above.  Thus, no Danish 
withholding tax will be payable with respect to such payments and any capital gain realised upon the sale, 
exchange or retirement of a Security will not be subject to taxation in Denmark, other than in certain cases 
on payments in respect of controlled debt in relation to the Issuer as referred to under "Taxation at source" 
above. 
This tax treatment applies solely to Securityholders who are not subject to full tax liability in Denmark, nor 
are included in a Danish joint taxation scheme and do not carry on business in Denmark through a 
permanent establishment.

--- Page 961 ---
Finnish Taxation 
 
 
961 
 
FINNISH TAXATION 
The following is a general description of certain tax considerations relating to Securities. The following 
description relates only to payments by the relevant Issuer or Guarantor to beneficial owners of the 
Securities and may not apply to certain classes of investors, such as tax exempt entities, entities deemed as 
controlled foreign companies, individuals holding their Securities as business assets and general or limited 
partnerships. It does not purport to be a complete analysis of all tax considerations relating to the 
Securities, whether in Finland or elsewhere. Prospective purchasers of Securities should consult their own 
tax advisers as to which countries' tax laws could be relevant to acquiring, holding and disposing of 
Securities and receiving payments of interest, principal and/or other amounts under the Securities and the 
consequences of such actions under the tax laws of those countries. This description is based upon the law 
as in effect and applied on the date of this Base Prospectus, as well as on the current tax practice, and is 
subject to any changes in laws and their interpretation that may take effect after such date, including 
changes with retroactive effect. 
For the purpose of the Finnish tax consequences described herein, it is assumed that the relevant Issuer or 
Guarantor is neither a resident nor deemed to be a resident of Finland for Finnish tax purposes and that 
the relevant Issuer or Guarantor is not deemed to have a permanent establishment in Finland for Finnish 
tax purposes. 
General 
The scope of taxation in Finland is defined by the tax liability position of a taxpayer. Finnish residents for 
taxation purposes are subject to taxation in Finland on their worldwide income. Persons that are not resident 
in Finland for taxation purposes and are not deemed to have a permanent establishment in Finland for 
Finnish tax purposes are subject to taxation in Finland solely in respect of their Finnish source income. 
Generally, an individual is deemed to be a Finnish resident for taxation purposes if the individual 
continuously stays in Finland for more than six consecutive months or if the permanent home and abode of 
the individual is in Finland. A citizen of Finland who has moved abroad is regarded as resident for Finnish 
taxation purposes until three years have passed after the end of the year of emigration, even if the individual 
would not stay in Finland for six consecutive months and the permanent home and abode would not be 
located in Finland, if the individual cannot prove that he/she has not had any essential ties to Finland in the 
tax year in question. 
Legal entities established under the laws of Finland are regarded as residents of Finland in accordance with 
domestic tax law. In addition, as of 2021, foreign entities with their place of effective management in 
Finland can be deemed as Finnish tax resident corporations. 
Double tax treaties may restrict the authority of Finland to tax the foreign source income of an individual 
or entity deemed as resident of Finland pursuant to Finnish domestic tax law. 
In the hands of individuals, earned income is taxed at progressive tax rates, while capital income up to EUR 
30,000 per calendar year is taxed at a rate of 30 per cent and capital income exceeding EUR 30,000 per 
calendar year at a rate of 34 per cent. Corporate entities regarded as residents of Finland are subject to 
corporate income tax on their worldwide income. The current corporate income tax rate is 20 per cent. 
This summary describes the Finnish taxation of certain types of income and is general by nature. The tax 
treatment applicable to an investor depends on the individual circumstances of such investor. Thus, 
prospective investors are advised to consult their own tax advisers concerning the overall tax consequences 
of their ownership of the Securities. 
Taxation of Finnish Resident Individuals 
Taxation of Capital Gains 
Any income from the sale or other disposal of securities that is considered capital gains in the Finnish 
taxation as well as payment of accrued interest (Fi. jälkimarkkinahyvitys) is taxed as capital income in 
accordance with the Finnish Income Tax Act (Fi. Tuloverolaki (1535/1992)), as amended. The capital 
income tax rate is currently 30 per cent for capital income of up to EUR 30,000 per calendar year and 34 
per cent for capital income exceeding EUR 30,000 per calendar year. However, capital gains are exempted 
from tax if the total amount of the consideration from the disposal of the person's disposed assets does not 
exceed EUR 1,000 in a tax year. Correspondingly, any loss arising from the sale or other disposal of 
securities that does not belong to the business activities of the individual is deductible from capital gains 
and generally also from other capital income arising in the same year or during the subsequent five years.

--- Page 962 ---
Finnish Taxation 
 
 
962 
 
Capital losses due to disposal will not, however, be tax deductible if the total amount of the acquisition 
costs of the assets sold by the individual does not exceed EUR 1,000 in a tax year. 
Capital gains and losses are calculated as the difference between the consideration from the disposal and 
the aggregate of the actual acquisition cost and sales-related expenses. Generally, individuals may 
alternatively choose to apply the presumptive acquisition cost instead of the actual acquisition cost for the 
assets. The presumptive acquisition cost of 20 per cent is deducted from the consideration from the disposal 
but, if the shareholder has held the assets for at least 10 years, the presumptive acquisition cost is 40 per 
cent of the consideration from the disposal. If the presumptive acquisition cost is applied instead of the 
actual acquisition cost, all expenses arising from acquiring the gains are deemed to be included in the 
presumptive acquisition cost and, therefore, cannot be deducted separately from the consideration from the 
disposal. 
According to a ruling by the Finnish Supreme Administrative Court, the income from the sale or exercise 
of non-listed cash settled warrants that are transferable securities and that, even if non-listed, have such 
qualities that they could be listed, is subject to taxation in Finland as a capital gain. The same tax treatment 
should apply to listed warrants. It would, furthermore, seem that the income from the sale or exercise of 
non-listed cash settled warrants that do not fulfil the criteria discussed in the above Supreme Administrative 
Court ruling, would be taxable as other capital income of the Finnish resident individual investor, and not 
as a capital gain. 
According to the above mentioned ruling, losses arising from the sale or exercise of non-listed cash settled 
warrants, in cases where the warrants do not qualify for capital gains taxation as discussed above, are non-
deductible altogether in the taxation of a Finnish resident individual investor. 
The principles of the above discussed ruling should as a starting point apply also with respect to Certificates. 
Taxation of Other Capital Income and Withholding Obligations 
Other capital income than income classified as capital gains (e.g. interest income, so called secondary 
market compensation and index compensation) paid to individuals and estates of a deceased person is 
subject to Finnish capital income tax in accordance with the Income Tax Act. The capital income tax rate 
is currently 30 per cent and 34 per cent of the capital income exceeding EUR 30,000 per calendar year 
(including also capital gains). 
Assuming that the Issuer (or the Guarantor, as the case may be) is not a Finnish resident for tax purposes 
and is not deemed to have a permanent establishment in Finland for Finnish tax purposes, it is not under 
the obligation to perform withholding for any income tax payable in Finland in respect of payments made 
under the issued securities. Instead, a paying agent or intermediary resident in Finland for tax purposes, 
when effecting a payment to an individual or estate of a deceased person resident in Finland, is generally 
under the obligation to withhold the income tax prepayment from any interest and secondary market 
compensation (but not from capital gains) paid to individuals and estates of a deceased person resident in 
Finland for tax purposes, where such payment is made through such paying agent or intermediary. 
However, if the paying agent or intermediary is considered as a substitute payer of the Issuer for Finnish 
tax purposes, such agent or intermediary is also obliged to withhold the tax prepayment for other capital 
income payments than interest payments or secondary market compensation. The current rate of tax 
prepayment is 30 per cent and the withholding shall be made in accordance with the Prepayment Act (Fi. 
Ennakkoperintälaki (1118/1996)), as amended. The Act on Source Tax on Interest Income (Fi. Laki 
korkotulon lähdeverosta (1341/1990)), as amended, is not applicable provided the Issuer does not have a 
branch in Finland. 
Taxation of Finnish Corporate Entities 
The following applies to Finnish corporate entities taxed in accordance with the Business Income Tax Act 
(Fi. Laki elinkeinotulon verottamisesta (360/1968)), as amended. As of tax year 2020, most Finnish 
corporate entities are taxed exclusively in accordance with the Business Income Tax Act. 
Finnish corporations are subject to a national corporate income tax on their worldwide income. Corporate 
income is taxed according to a fixed tax rate which currently is 20 per cent. No tax prepayment is withheld 
from principal or interest payments made to corporate entities residing in Finland. 
The capital gain (as well as the capital loss) is calculated by deducting the total sum of the actual acquisition 
cost and selling cost from the consideration from the disposal. Confirmed losses can generally be carried 
forward and deducted from the taxable income for 10 years following the loss-making year, provided that 
no change in ownership triggering forfeiture of tax loss carry-forwards occur. Specific limitations apply to

--- Page 963 ---
Finnish Taxation 
 
 
963 
 
the deductibility of any capital losses incurred under the Income Tax Act prior to tax year 2020, as well as 
capital losses incurred from the transfer of assets belonging to the "other assets" asset class under the 
Business Income Tax Act, introduced as of tax year 2020. 
Taxation of Non-Finnish Residents 
Non-Finnish tax residents who do not conduct business through a permanent establishment in 
Finland,should not be subject to Finnish taxation either on principal or interest payments under securities 
or gains realized on the redemption, sale or other disposal of securities. If payment is made by a Finnish 
paying agent or intermediary, the recipient may be obliged to disclose their non-resident investor status to 
the payer. 
No gross-up for Finnish withholding tax  
Purchasers of the Securities should note that in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Securities 
the Issuer, in principle, will neither assume any liability for Finnish withholding taxes withheld from 
payments under the Securities, nor make any additional payments in regard of these taxes, i.e. no gross-up 
will apply in case a withholding tax is imposed. 
Reporting and Compliance 
A Finnish paying agent or intermediary is generally obliged to report to the Finnish Tax Administration 
any interest payments and comparable yield payments, secondary market compensations and index 
compensations paid to and received under securities by a Finnish tax resident individual or an estate of a 
deceased resident individual, or a non-resident recipient of such payment under securities, and any 
preliminary tax prepayment withheld from such payments. An intermediary as defined in the applicable 
Finnish tax regulations, also has an obligation to report to the Finnish Tax Administration any transactions 
in securities brokered or made by it, concerning both resident and non-resident holders of the securities. A 
Finnish tax resident custodian, and the Finnish branch of a non-resident custodian, furthermore has an 
obligation to report to the Finnish Tax Administration the information necessary for the calculation of 
capital gains received by resident and non-resident holders of securities, to the extent the custodian has such 
information. Resident individuals and estates of a deceased person are required to review the tax 
information contained in their pre-completed annual tax return and, if necessary, correct or complete the 
information in the tax return. 
Transfer Taxation and Value Added Taxation 
Redemption by way of a cash settlement or a transfer of the Securities is not subject to Finnish transfer 
taxation or VAT. Investors should note that Finnish transfer tax considerations may arise in connection 
with securities that are settled or redeemed by way of a physical delivery of Finnish shares or other 
instruments deemed as securities or real estate under the Finnish Transfer Tax Act (Fi. Varainsiirtoverolaki 
(931/1996)), as amended and that Finnish VAT considerations may arise in connection with securities that 
are settled or redeemed by way of a physical delivery of commodities.

--- Page 964 ---
French Taxation 
 
 
964 
 
FRENCH TAXATION 
The following is limited to a general description of certain French withholding tax considerations 
relating to the Securities. It does not purport to be a description of general French tax considerations 
relating to the Securities. Prospective investors are advised to consult their own professional advisors to 
obtain information about the tax consequences of transactions involving the Securities, including any 
purchase or disposal of, or other dealings in, the Securities. Only personal advisors are in a position to 
adequately take into account special tax aspects of the particular Securities in question as well as the 
investor's personal circumstances and any special tax treatment applicable to the investor. This summary 
is based on French law as in force when drawing up this Base Prospectus. The laws and their 
interpretation by the tax authorities may change and such changes may have retroactive effect. 
Withholding tax 
Payments of interest and principal by the Issuer (acting out of its head offices or one of its non-French 
branch) under the Securities will not be subject to withholding tax in France, in accordance with the 
applicable French law. 
Individual resident Securityholders  
Taxation of interest and bond redemption premium ("Prime de remboursement") 
Interest paid to an individual having its tax residence in France is subject to personal income tax at a flat 
tax rate of 12.8 per cent. or, upon global election of the taxpayer for all its savings income and capital 
gains, at the standard progressive rate, whose maximum applicable rate is currently 45 per cent.. 
Interest and other similar revenues received by French tax resident individuals are subject to a 12.8 per 
cent. non-definitive prepayment, which can be offset from their personal income tax liability in respect 
of the year in which the payment has been made (prepayment is refunded if in excess of the final personal 
income tax liability). 
Taxpayers whose "reference income" of the penultimate year is less than EUR 25,000 (or EUR 50,000 
for a couple taxed on a joint basis) may be exempt from this mandatory payment.  
Social contributions (CSG of 9.2 per cent., the CRDS of 0.5 per cent., and the prélèvement de solidarité 
of 7.5 per cent.) are also levied by way of withholding tax at an aggregate rate of 17.2 per cent. (6.8 per 
cent. being deductible from the taxable income of the year of payment of these contributions where the taxpayer 
has elected to have its savings income and capital gains being subject to taxation at the standard progressive rate) 
on interest and other similar revenues paid to French tax resident individuals. 
The social contributions and the income tax prepayment must be withheld and reported by the Paying Agent 
if such agent is established in France. If the Paying Agent is established outside of France, the taxpayer is 
responsible for paying the social contributions and the income tax prepayment directly to the French tax 
authorities no later than the 15th day of the month following the payment of interest and other similar 
revenues. If the Paying Agent is established in an EU or EEA member state, it can however be appointed 
by the taxpayer to do so. 
Bond redemption premiums are treated as interest from a French tax perspective. 
Taxation of capital gains 
Capital gains derived from the disposal of Securities by French tax resident Securityholders should be 
subject to personal income tax at flat tax rate of 12.8 per cent. or, upon global election of the taxpayer for 
all its savings income and capital gains, at the standard progressive rate, whose maximum applicable rate 
is currently 45 per cent.. 
In addition, social contributions (as set out above) should be applicable, at a total rate of 17.2 per cent.. 
If the French tax resident Securityholder dispose of the Securities at a loss, such loss may be offset against 
capital gains of the same nature made during the year of the loss or the 10 following years, subject to filing 
obligations. 
Exceptional contribution on high income ( Contribution exceptionnelle sur les hauts revenus ) 
An exceptional contribution on high income may be applicable to French tax resident Securityholders where 
their "reference income" exceeds EUR 250,000 for a single person or EUR 500,000 for a couple taxed on 
a joint basis. The "reference income" for the relevant fiscal year would include income and gains realised 
in relation to the Securities.

--- Page 965 ---
French Taxation 
 
 
965 
 
This contribution is equal to 3 per cent. of the fraction of the "reference income" between EUR 250,000 
and EUR 500,000 for a single person (or between EUR 500,000 and EUR 1 million for a couple) and 4 per 
cent. on the "reference income" over EUR 500,000 for a single person (or EUR 1 million for a couple). 
Gift and inheritance taxes 
Subject to the provisions of any applicable bilateral tax treaty, French gift or inheritance taxes would be 
levied on the transfer of the Securities by way of gift by, or on the death of, a French tax resident 
Securityholder, if: 
• 
the Securityholder is a resident in France; or 
• 
the beneficiary is resident in France at the time of the transfer and has been so resident for at least 
six years over the 10 preceding years; or 
• 
if both the Securityholder and the beneficiary are non-French residents, the transferred assets are 
located in France. 
Assets considered as located in France would include receivables over a debtor which is established in 
France. 
The amount of tax depends, in particular, on the relationships between the individuals concerned. 
Corporate resident Securityholders 
Corporate income tax and additional contributions 
Income or capital gains in relation to the Securities are subject to corporate income tax at the standard rate 
of 25 per cent. for fiscal years beginning as from 1 January 2022 (or to a reduced rate applicable to small 
and medium companies meeting certain requirements).  
Moreover, large companies whose corporate income tax liability exceeds €763,000, are subject to a social 
surcharge of 3.3 per cent. levied on the part of the corporate tax which exceeds €763,000. Thus, the resulting 
effective rate on that part is 25.83 per cent.. Losses are generally treated as ordinary losses which may be 
set off against operational profits. The remaining losses may be carried forward indefinitely but limited, for 
a given year, to EUR 1 million plus 50 per cent. of the taxable profit exceeding this amount. Besides, an 
option can be made by the Securityholder in order to carry back the losses against its prior taxable result 
but limited to the lowest amount between the taxable profit of the previous year and EUR 1 million. 
Interest payments taxed on an accruals basis  
Any redemption premium would be taxed at the above-mentioned standard corporate income tax rate (or 
to a reduced rate applicable to small and medium companies meeting certain requirements). However, if 
the estimated value of the redemption premium exceeds the purchase value of the Securities by 10 per cent. 
and the average issue price of the Securities is less than 90 per cent. of the estimated redemption value, 
such premium is spread taxed until the maturity on an annual basis.  
Capital gains derived from the disposal of the Securities by corporate resident Securityholders should be 
reduced by the amount of the fraction of interest and redemption premiums taxed under the actuarial 
method. 
Non-resident Securityholders  
Income and capital gains derived from the Securities, received by individuals who are not residents for tax 
purposes in France or corporate investors who have neither their corporate seat nor their effective place of 
management in France, are not taxable in France unless the Securities form part of the business property of 
a permanent establishment in France. 
Financial Transaction Tax ("FTT")  
Please note that the following may be relevant in connection with Securities which are settled, redeemed 
or otherwise repaid by way of physical delivery of certain French listed shares, or certain assimilated 
securities as convertible bonds. 
Pursuant to article 235 ter ZD of the French tax code ("FTC"), the FTT applies to any acquisition for 
consideration, resulting in a transfer of ownership, of an equity security within the meaning of Article 
L.212-1 A of the French monetary code, or of an assimilated equity security (such as convertible bonds in 
equity, convertible bonds redeemable in equity, shares subscription, etc.), within the meaning of Article 
L.211-41 of the French monetary code, admitted to trading on a recognised regulated French or foreign

--- Page 966 ---
French Taxation 
 
 
966 
 
stock exchange when the said security is issued by a company whose registered office is situated in France 
and whose market capitalisation exceeds €1 billion on 1st December of the year preceding the year in which 
the acquisition occurs.  
The rate of the FTT is 0.3 per cent. of the acquisition value of the securities.  
There are a number of exemptions from the FTT and investors shall revert to their counsel to identify 
whether they can benefit from them. 
Transfer Tax 
No transfer tax (stamp duties, or any similar taxes) is applicable in France by reason of the subscription or 
transfer of the Securities.  
With respect to listed shares, the French tax administrative doctrine has specified that the conversion of 
bonds into existing shares shall be subject to the 0.1 per cent. transfer tax under the conditions provided by 
Article 726 of the FTC, when evidenced by a deed (BOI-ENR-DMTOM-40-10-10 dated 12 September 
2012, n°50). 
According to Article 726 of the FTC, transfer tax generally applies at a rate of 0.1 per cent. to the sale of 
shares issued by a company whose registered office is located in France, provided that in case of shares 
listed on a recognised stock exchange, transfer tax is due only if the transfer is evidenced by a written deed 
or agreement, subject to certain exceptions and exemptions. 
Please note that, if the FTT applies to an acquisition of shares or convertible bonds, this transaction is 
exempt from transfer tax.

--- Page 967 ---
German Taxation 
 
 
967 
 
GERMAN TAXATION 
The following is a general discussion of certain German tax consequences of the acquisition, ownership 
and disposal of the Securities. As each Tranche of the Securities may be subject to a different tax treatment 
due to the specific terms of each Tranche, the following section shall only be regarded as generic 
description with regard to the possible tax treatment in Germany. It does not purport to be a comprehensive 
description of all tax considerations that may be relevant to a decision to purchase the Securities, and, in 
particular, does not consider any specific facts or circumstances that may apply to a particular purchaser. 
This general description is based on the laws of Germany currently in force and as applied on the date of 
this Base Prospectus, which are subject to change, possibly with retroactive or retrospective effect. 
Prospective purchasers of Securities are advised to consult their own tax advisors as to the tax 
consequences of the purchase, ownership and disposition of Securities, including the effect of any state or 
local taxes, under the tax laws of Germany and each country of which they are residents. 
German tax residents 
Persons (individuals and corporate entities) who are tax resident in Germany (in particular, persons having 
a residence, habitual abode, seat or place of management in Germany) are subject to income taxation 
(income tax or corporate income tax, as the case may be, plus solidarity surcharge thereon plus church tax 
and/or trade tax, if applicable) on their worldwide income, regardless of its source, including interest from 
debt of any kind (such as the Securities) and, in general, capital gains. 
Securities held as private assets 
In the case of German tax-resident individual investors (unbeschränkt Steuerpflichtige) holding the 
Securities as private assets (Privatvermögen), the following applies: 
Income  
The Securities should qualify as other capital receivables (sonstige Kapitalforderungen) in terms of section 
20 para 1 no 7 German Income Tax Act ("ITA" – Einkommensteuergesetz). 
Interest paid regarding the Securities, if any, should qualify as taxable savings income (Einkünfte aus 
Kapitalvermögen) pursuant to section 20 para 1 no 7 ITA. 
Capital gains/capital losses realised upon disposal of the Securities, computed as the difference between 
acquisition cost and sales proceeds reduced by expenses directly and factually related to the sale, should 
qualify as positive or negative savings income in terms of section 20 para 2 sentence 1 no 7 ITA. Where 
the Securities are acquired and/or sold in a currency other than Euro, the acquisition cost will be converted 
into Euro at the time of acquisition, the sales proceeds will be converted into Euro at the time of sale and 
the difference will then be computed in Euro. If the Securities are assigned, redeemed, repaid or contributed 
into a corporation by way of a hidden contribution (verdeckte Einlage in eine Kapitalgesellschaft) rather 
than sold, as a rule, such transaction is treated like a sale. 
Capital losses from the sale or redemption of the Securities held as private assets should generally be tax-
recognised irrespective of the holding period of the Securities. Any tax-recognised capital losses may not 
be used to offset other income like employment or business income but may only be offset against 
investment income subject to certain limitations. Capital losses not utilised in one annual assessment period 
may be carried forward into subsequent assessment periods but may not be carried back into preceding 
assessment periods. The offsetting of losses incurred by an individual investor, if the Securities are held as 
private assets, is however subject to several restrictions. 
Capital losses of individual investors resulting from a bad debt loss (Forderungsausfall), a waiver of a 
receivable (Forderungsverzicht), if the Securities expire worthless or from a transfer of worthless Securities 
can only be set-off against investment income up to an amount of EUR 20,000 per annum. Losses exceeding 
that threshold can be carried forward and set-off against income derived from capital investments up to an 
amount of EUR 20,000 per year in subsequent years, subject to certain requirements. Based on a recently 
updated tax decree issued by the German Federal Ministry of Finance, losses which fall within the scope 
of the loss offset limitation will in principle not be recognised for withholding tax purposes but need to be 
claimed by tax assessment (see below). 
Provided that Securities qualify as contracts for differences (Termingeschäfte), which could be the case in 
case of certificates, disposal proceeds and other benefits from such Securities qualify as (negative) savings 
income pursuant to section 20 para 2 sentence 1 no 3 ITA. In such a case, capital losses of private investors 
can be set-off against investment income from other contracts for differences (Termingeschäfte) within the

--- Page 968 ---
German Taxation 
 
 
968 
 
meaning of section 20 para 2 sentence 1 no 3 ITA and income from option premiums (Stillhalterprämien) 
within the meaning of section 20 para 2 sentence 1 no 11 ITA up to an amount of EUR 20,000 p.a. Losses 
exceeding this threshold can be carried forward, subject to certain requirements. Based on a recently 
updated tax decree issued by the German Federal Ministry of Finance losses which fall within the scope of 
the loss offset limitation pursuant to section 20 para 6 sentence 5 ITA will in principle not be recognised 
for withholding tax purposes but need to be claimed by way of tax assessment. 
If the Securities provide for a physical delivery of bonds, shares, interests in funds, shares in exchange-
traded-funds ("ETF-shares") or other interests, the Securities may qualify as convertible, exchangeable or 
similar instruments, subject to the relevant Issue Terms (e. g. whether the Issuers or the investor has the 
right to opt for a physical delivery). In such a case, the sales proceeds from the Securities and the acquisition 
costs of the received securities may be deemed to be equal to the initial acquisition costs of the Securities 
(section 20 para 4a sentence 3 ITA) so that no taxable capital gains would be realised due to the conversion. 
However, capital gains realised upon an on-sale of the received securities generally qualify as taxable 
income. 
If the relevant Issuer exercises the right to substitute the debtor of the Securities, the substitution might, for 
German tax purposes, be treated as an exchange of the Securities for new securities issued by the new 
debtor. Such a substitution could result in the recognition of a taxable gain or loss for the respective 
investors. 
German withholding tax (Kapitalertragsteuer) 
With regard to savings earnings (Kapitalerträge), e.g. interest or capital gains, German income tax is 
generally levied as a flat income tax (Abgeltungsteuer) at a rate of 25% (plus solidarity surcharge in an 
amount of 5.5% of such tax, resulting in a total tax charge of 26.375% plus, if applicable, church tax 
(Kirchensteuer)).  
If the Securities are held in a custodial account which the investor maintains with a German branch of a 
German or non-German credit or financial services institution (Kredit- oder Finanzdienstleistungsinstitut) 
or with a German domestic securities institution (inländisches Wertpapierinstitut) (a "German Disbursing 
Agent") the flat income tax (including solidarity surcharge and, if applicable, church tax) will be levied by 
way of withholding at the aforementioned rate by the German Disbursing Agent. If no German Disbursing 
Agent is involved in the payment process or if no or not sufficient withholding tax is withheld by a German 
Disbursing Agent the investor will have to include the savings earnings, e.g. interest or capital gains, in its 
tax return and the flat income tax of 25% plus solidarity surcharge and, if applicable, church tax will be 
collected by way of assessment. 
The tax base is, in principle, equal to the taxable gross income as set out above (i.e. prior to withholding). 
However, in the case of capital gains, if the custodial account has changed since the time of acquisition of 
the Securities (e.g. if the Securities are transferred from an EU custodial account) and the acquisition costs 
of the Securities are not proven to the German Disbursing Agent in the form required by law or in the case 
of over-the-counter transactions, withholding tax is applied to 30% of the proceeds from the redemption or 
sale of the Securities. The applicable withholding tax rate is in excess of the aforementioned rate if church 
tax is applicable to the individual investor. In this case the collection of church tax on capital gains from 
the sale or redemption of the Securities is provided for as a standard procedure unless the securityholder 
has filed a blocking notice (Sperrvermerk) with the German Federal Central Tax Office (Bundeszentralamt 
für Steuern).  
No German withholding tax will be levied if the investor has filed a withholding tax exemption certificate 
(Freistellungsauftrag) with the German Disbursing Agent, but only to the extent the savings income does 
not exceed the saver's lump sum amount (Sparer-Pauschbetrag) shown on the withholding tax exemption 
certificate. Currently, the saver's lump sum amount is EUR 801 (EUR 1,602 in the case of jointly assessed 
individual investors). Similarly, no withholding tax will be levied if the relevant investor has submitted a 
certificate of non-assessment (Nichtveranlagungs-Bescheinigung) issued by the relevant local tax office to 
the German Disbursing Agent. 
The Issuers are, in general, not obliged to levy German withholding tax in respect of payments on the 
Securities. 
According to the law for the reduction of the solidarity surcharge dated 10 December 2019 (Gesetz zur 
Rückführung des Solidaritätszuschlags 1995) as of the assessment period 2021 onwards, the solidarity 
surcharge will only be levied for wage tax and income tax purposes, if the individual income tax of the

--- Page 969 ---
German Taxation 
 
 
969 
 
holder exceeds the threshold of EUR 16,956 (EUR 33,912 for jointly assessed investors). The solidarity 
surcharge will however continue to be applicable for withholding tax, flat tax and corporate income tax 
purposes. In the case of a flat tax the income tax burden for an individual is lower than the flat tax of 25% 
and the holder applies for his/her capital investment income being assessed at his/her individual tariff-based 
income tax rate (see below) the solidarity surcharge would be refunded. 
Tax assessment 
The taxation of savings income shall take place mainly by way of levying withholding tax (please see 
above). If and to the extent German withholding tax has been levied, such withholding tax shall, in principle, 
become definitive and replace the investor's income taxation. If no or insufficient withholding tax has been 
levied other than by virtue of a withholding tax exemption certificate (Freistellungsauftrag) and in certain 
other cases, the investor is nevertheless obliged to file a tax return, and the savings income will then be 
taxed within the assessment procedure.  
However, also in the assessment procedure, savings income is principally taxed at a separate tax rate for 
savings income (gesonderter Steuertarif für Einkünfte aus Kapitalvermögen) being identical to the 
withholding tax rate (26.375% - including solidarity surcharge (Solidaritätszuschlag) plus, if applicable, 
church tax). In certain cases, the investor may apply to be assessed on the basis of its personal tax rate if 
such rate is lower than the above tax rate. Such application can only be filed consistently for all savings 
income within the assessment period. In case of jointly assessed individual investors the application can 
only be filed for savings income of both investors. 
When computing the savings income, the saver's lump sum amount (Sparer-Pauschbetrag) of EUR 801 
(EUR 1,602 in the case of jointly assessed individual investors) will be deducted. The deduction of the 
actual income related expenses, if any, is excluded. 
Securities held as business assets 
In the case of German tax-resident corporations or individual investors (unbeschränkt Steuerpflichtige) 
holding the Securities as business assets (Betriebsvermögen), interest payments and capital gains will be 
subject to corporate income tax at a rate of 15% or income tax at a rate of up to 45%, as the case may be, 
(in each case plus 5.5% solidarity surcharge thereon). In addition, trade tax may be levied, the rate of which 
depends on the municipality where the business is located (rates basically vary between 7 and approx. 18%). 
Further, in the case of individuals, church tax may be levied. Business expenses that are connected with the 
Securities are tax-deductible. Losses realised on the sale or redemption of the Securities may be offset in 
particular against items of positive income under the general tax rules or deducted as part of losses carried 
back or forward, although the minimum taxation rules (Section 10d (1), (2) EStG) must be observed. Losses 
may be subject to ring-fencing rules and, if so, may only be offset against other derivative income. In case 
the income of the investor is determined based on accrual accounting, interest and capital gains may be 
taxable before actual payments are received. 
If instead of a cash-settlement at maturity of the Securities, a physical delivery of bonds, shares, interests 
in funds or ETF-shares takes place, such delivery would be regarded as a taxable sale of the Securities and 
the corresponding capital gain will be taxable. 
The provisions regarding German withholding tax (Kapitalertragsteuer) apply, in principle, as set out 
above for private investors. However, investors holding the Securities as business assets cannot file a 
withholding tax exemption certificate with the German Disbursing Agent. Instead, no withholding tax will 
be levied on capital gains from the redemption, sale or assignment of the Securities if, for example, (a) the 
Securities are held by a company satisfying the requirements of section 43 para 2 sentence 3 no 1 ITA or 
(b) the proceeds from the Securities qualify as income of a domestic business and the investor notifies this 
to the German Disbursing Agent by use of the officially required form. 
Any withholding tax levied is credited as prepayment against the German (corporate) income tax amount. 
If the tax withheld exceeds the respective (corporate) income tax amount, the difference will be refunded 
within the tax assessment procedure. 
Non-residents 
Persons who are not tax resident in Germany are not subject to tax with regard to income from the Securities 
unless (i) the Securities are held as business assets (Betriebsvermögen) of a German permanent 
establishment (including a permanent representative) which is maintained by the investor or (ii) the income 
from the Securities qualifies for other reasons as taxable German source income (such as income from 
letting and leasing of certain property located in Germany) or (iii) the income is paid by a German

--- Page 970 ---
German Taxation 
 
 
970 
 
Disbursing Agent against presentation of the Securities or interest coupons (so-called over-the-counter 
transaction, Tafelgeschäfte). If a non-resident person is subject to tax with its income from the Securities, 
in principle, similar rules apply as set out above with regard to German tax resident persons (please see 
above). 
Under certain circumstances, non-residents may benefit from tax reductions or tax exemptions under 
applicable double tax treaties (Doppelbesteuerungsabkommen) entered into with Germany. 
Taxation if the Securities qualify as equity or equity-like 
If the Securities qualify as equity or equity-like from a German tax perspective, in addition to the rules set 
out above, income and deemed income may be subject to (corporate) income taxation (including solidarity 
surcharge) and trade tax. Further, under certain circumstances the German Foreign Tax Act might apply, 
under which deemed (taxable) income could be allocated to German tax resident investors. 
Further, capital gains achieved by an investor holding the Securities as private assets might be re-qualified 
as business income and, thus, taxable at the investor's personal income tax rate. Capital gains might also be 
partly tax-exempt according to section 8b German Corporate Income Tax Act (Körperschaftsteuergesetz) 
and section 3 no 40 ITA respectively. 
Particularities of Securities with a negative yield 
Securityholders will only realise a taxable capital gain if they receive, upon a disposal of the Securities, an 
amount (after the deduction of actual expenses directly related thereto) in excess of the issue price (or the 
purchase price they paid for the Securities). 
Contrary thereto, Holders who subscribe the Securities at a negative yield upon issue, if applicable, and 
hold the Securities until their final maturity will realise a loss. The tax treatment of such losses is not entirely 
clear: 
(a) 
If the Securities are held by tax residents as private assets, statements of the German tax authorities 
regarding "negative interest" incurred on bank deposits made by private investors arguably imply 
that such losses cannot be fully deducted. Such losses are rather treated as expenses in connection 
with capital investment income and, are, consequently not tax-deductible except for an annual 
lump-sum deduction (Sparer-Pauschbetrag) of €801 (€1,602 for individuals filing jointly), 
(b) 
If the Securities are held by tax residents as business assets, statements of the German tax 
authorities regarding "negative interest" incurred on bank deposits made by business investors 
arguably imply that such losses are generally tax deductible. 
Inheritance and Gift Tax 
Inheritance or gift taxes with respect to any Security will, in principle, arise under German law if, in the 
case of inheritance tax, either the decedent or the beneficiary or, in the case of gift tax, either the donor or 
the donee is a resident of Germany or if such Security is attributable to a German trade or business for 
which a permanent establishment is maintained or a permanent representative has been appointed. In 
addition, certain German expatriates will be subject to inheritance and gift tax. 
The few existing double taxation treaties regarding inheritance and gift tax may lead to different results. 
Special rules apply to certain German citizens that are residing in a foreign country and German expatriates. 
Other Taxes 
No stamp, issue, registration or similar taxes or duties are payable in Germany in connection with the 
issuance, delivery or execution of the Securities. Currently, net asset tax (Vermögensteuer) is not levied in 
Germany. It is intended to introduce a financial transaction tax. However, it is unclear if and in what form 
such tax will be actually introduced. 
No gross-up for German withholding tax (Kapitalertragsteuer) 
Purchasers of the Securities should note that in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Securities 
the Issuer, in principle, will neither assume any liability for German withholding taxes 
(Kapitalertragsteuer) withheld from payments under the Securities, nor make any additional payments in 
regard of these taxes, i.e. no gross-up will apply in case a withholding tax is imposed.

--- Page 971 ---
Irish Taxation 
 
 
971 
 
IRISH TAXATION 
The following is a summary based on the laws and practices currently in force in Ireland of certain matters 
regarding the tax position of investors who are the absolute beneficial owners of the Program Securities. 
Particular rules not discussed below may apply to certain classes of taxpayers holding Program Securities, 
including dealers in securities and trusts. It is based on the laws and practice of the Revenue Commissioners 
currently in force in Ireland as at the date hereof and may be subject to change. The summary does not 
constitute tax or legal advice and the comments below are of a general nature only and it does not discuss 
all aspects of Irish taxation that may be relevant to any particular holder of Program Securities. 
Prospective investors in the Program Securities should consult their professional advisers on the tax 
implications of the purchase, holding, redemption or sale of the Program Securities and the receipt of 
payments thereon under the laws of their country of residence, citizenship or domicile. 
Taxation of holders of Program Securities 
Withholding Tax 
Tax at the standard rate of income tax (currently 20 per cent.) is required to be withheld from payments of 
Irish source interest. The relevant Issuer will not be obliged to withhold Irish income tax from payments of 
interest on the Program Securities so long as such payments do not constitute Irish source income. Interest 
paid on the Program Securities should not be treated as having an Irish source unless: 
(a) 
the relevant Issuer is resident in Ireland for tax purposes; or 
(b) 
the relevant Issuer has a branch or permanent establishment in Ireland, the assets or income of 
which is used to fund the payments on the Program Securities; or 
(c) 
the relevant Issuer is not resident in Ireland for tax purposes but the register for the Program 
Securities is maintained in Ireland or (if the Program Securities are in bearer form) the Program 
Securities are physically held in Ireland. 
It is anticipated that (i) the Issuers are not and will not be resident in Ireland for tax purposes; (ii) the Issuers 
will not have a branch or permanent establishment in Ireland; (iii) bearer Program Securities will not be 
physically located in Ireland; and (iv) the Issuers will not maintain a register of any registered Program 
Securities in Ireland. 
If payments of interest on the Program Securities are found to constitute Irish source interest, an Issuer will 
not be obliged to make a withholding or deduction for or on account of Irish income tax from a payment of 
interest on an Program Securities so long as the interest paid on the relevant Program Security falls within 
the following category and meets the relevant conditions: 
Interest paid on a quoted Eurobond 
A quoted Eurobond is a security which is issued by a company (such as the Issuers), is listed on a recognised 
stock exchange (such as the Luxembourg Stock Exchange) and carries a right to interest.  Provided that the 
Program Securities (i) carry an amount in respect of interest and (ii) are listed on the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (or any other recognised stock exchange), interest paid on them can be paid free of withholding 
tax provided the person by or through whom the payment is made is not in Ireland, or if such person is in 
Ireland, either: 
(a) 
the Program Security is held in a clearing system recognised by the Irish Revenue Commissioners; 
(DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg are, amongst others, so recognised); or 
(b) 
the person who is the beneficial owner of the Program Security and who is beneficially entitled to 
the interest payable in respect of a Program Security is not resident in Ireland and has made a 
declaration to a relevant person (such as a paying agent located in Ireland) in the prescribed form. 
Thus, if interest payable on the Program Securities is found to have an Irish source, so long as the Program 
Securities are interest bearing, continue to be quoted on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (or any other 
recognised stock exchange) and are held in a recognised clearing system, interest on the Program Securities 
can be paid by any paying agent acting on behalf of an Issuer without any withholding or deduction for or 
on account of Irish income tax.  If the Program Securities continue to be quoted but cease to be held in a 
recognised clearing system, interest on the Program Securities may be paid without any withholding or 
deduction for or on account of Irish income tax provided such payment is made through a paying agent 
outside Ireland.

--- Page 972 ---
Irish Taxation 
 
 
972 
 
Encashment Tax 
Irish tax will be required to be withheld at the rate of 25 per cent. on any interest, dividends or annual 
payments payable out of or in respect of the stocks, funds, shares or securities of a company not resident in 
Ireland, where such interest, dividends or annual payments are collected or realised by a bank or encashment 
agent in Ireland. 
Encashment tax will not apply where the beneficial owner of a payment on the Program Securities (i) is not 
resident in Ireland and has made a declaration in the prescribed form to the encashment agent or bank or 
(ii) is a company which is within the charge to Irish corporation tax in respect of the payment. 
Tax on Capital Gains 
A holder of Program Securities will not be subject to Irish tax on capital gains realised on a disposal of 
Program Securities unless (i) such holder is either resident or ordinarily resident in Ireland; or (ii) such 
holder carries on a business or a trade in Ireland through a branch or agency in respect of which the Program 
Securities were used or held or acquired; or (iii) the Program Securities cease to be listed on a stock 
exchange in circumstances where such Program Securities derive their value or more than 50% of their 
value from Irish real estate, mineral rights or exploration rights. 
Stamp Duty On Transfer Of Securities 
As the Issuers are not registered in Ireland, stamp duty will not arise on a document effecting a transfer of 
the Program Securities so long as the instrument of transfer of the Program Securities does not relate to: 
(a) 
any immoveable property situated in Ireland or any right over or interest in such property; or 
(b) 
any stocks or marketable Program Securities of a company which is registered in Ireland (other 
than a company which is (i) an investment undertaking within the meaning of section 739B of the 
Taxes Consolidation Act, 1997 ("TCA"); or (ii) a qualifying company within the meaning of 
section 110 of the TCA).

--- Page 973 ---
Italian Taxation 
 
 
973 
 
ITALIAN TAXATION 
The following is a general description of current Italian law and practise mainly relating to the direct 
taxation of the Securities. The statements herein are based on the laws in force in Italy as at the date of 
this Base Prospectus and are subject to any changes in law occurring after such date, which changes 
could be made on a retroactive basis. The following general description does not purport to be a 
comprehensive description of all the Italian tax considerations which may be relevant to a decision to 
subscribe for, purchase, own or dispose of the Securities and does not purport to deal with the tax 
consequences applicable to all categories of investors, some of which (such as dealers in securities) may 
be subject to special rules. 
Prospective investors are advised to consult their own tax advisers concerning the overall tax 
consequences of their interest in the Securities. 
Tax treatment of the Securities 
The Securities may be subject to different tax regimes depending on whether: 
(a) 
they represent derivative financial instruments or bundles of derivative financial instruments, 
not entailing a "use of capital" (impiego di capitale), through which the Securityholders purchase 
indirectly underlying financial instruments (please see section 1 below); or 
(b) 
they represent a debt instrument implying a "use of capital" (impiego di capitale), through which 
the Securityholders transfer to the Issuer a certain amount of capital, for the economic 
exploitation of the same, subject to the right to obtain a (partial or entire) reimbursement of such 
amount at maturity. In specific, such Securities representing debt instruments implying a "use of 
capital" could be divided in: Securities having 100 per cent. capital protection guaranteed by the 
Issuer (please see section 2 below) and Securities not having 100 per cent. capital protection 
guaranteed by the Issuer (please see section 3 below). 
1.  Securities representing derivative financial instruments or bundles of derivative financial instruments 
With regard to certain innovative or structured financial instruments, there is limited guidance as to the tax 
treatment of such financial instruments. Accordingly, it cannot be excluded that the Italian tax authorities 
will change their current view, as specified below, and courts will adopt a view different from that outlined 
below.  
This description assumes that the Issuer is not a tax resident nor deemed to be a tax resident of Italy and 
that it has no permanent establishment within the Italian territory.  
1.1 Italian resident Securityholders  
Taxation of income from derivatives 
Provided that the Securities qualify as derivative instruments for the purposes of Italian tax law, the 
following consequences apply to an Italian resident Securityholder pursuant to Article 67(1)(c-quater) and 
or (c-quinquies) of Italian Presidential Decree No. 917 of 22 December 1986, as subsequently amended 
("Decree No. 917"), and according to the Italian tax authorities' Resolution no. 72/E of 12 July 2010.  
According to Italian Legislative Decree No. 461 of 21 November 1997 ("Decree No. 461"), where an Italian 
resident Securityholder is (i) an individual not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Securities 
are connected; (ii) a non-commercial partnership; (iii) a non-commercial private or public institution; or 
(iv) an investor exempt from Italian corporate income taxation, derivative income realised on the sale or 
redemption of the Securities are subject to a 26 per cent. substitute tax ("imposta sostitutiva)".  
In this respect, the above Italian resident Securityholders may opt for three different taxation regimes 
(regime della dichiarazione, regime del risparmio amministrato, regime del risparmio gestito, in this 
respect please see par. 2.2 "Italian resident Securityholders – Taxation of Capital Gains" below). This 
option may result in certain impacts that the investors should consider with their tax advisers. In particular, 
provided that the relevant conditions are met, the depository is responsible for accounting for imposta 
sostitutiva and is required to pay the relevant amount to the Italian tax authorities on behalf of the taxpayer, 
deducting a corresponding amount from the proceeds to be credited to the Securityholder or using funds 
provided by the Securityholder for this purpose. Under certain conditions, capital losses may be deducted 
from the above-mentioned capital gains. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident 
individuals holding the Securities not in connection with an entrepreneurial activity or social security

--- Page 974 ---
Italian Taxation 
 
 
974 
 
entities pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 
February 1996 may be exempt from any income taxation, including the imposta sostitutiva, on capital gains 
relating to the Securities, if the Securities are included in a long-term savings account (piano di risparmio 
a lungo termine) that meets the requirements set forth in Article 1(100-114) of Law No. 232 of 11 December 
2016, as subsequently amended and supplemented (the "Finance Act 2017"), in Article 1 (210-215) of Law 
No. 145 of 30 December 2018, as subsequently amended and supplemented (the "Finance Act 2019"), in 
Article 13-bis of Law Decree No. 124 of 26 October 2019, converted into Law No. 157 of 19 December 
2019, as subsequently amended and supplemented (the "Fiscal Decree linked to the Finance Act 2020"), 
Article 136 of Law Decree No. 34 of 19 May 2020, converted into Law No. 77 of 17 July 2020, as 
subsequently amended and supplemented (the "Decree No. 34"), Article 1 (219-225) of Law No. 178 of 30 
December 2020, as subsequently amended and supplemented (the "Finance Act 2021"), and Article 1 (26-
27) Law No. 234 of 2021, as subsequently amended and supplemented (the "Finance Act 2022"). 
Where an Italian resident Securityholder is a company or similar commercial entity, or the Italian permanent 
establishment of a foreign commercial entity to which the Securities are effectively connected, capital gains 
arising from the Securities will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva, but must be included in the relevant 
Securityholder's income tax return and are therefore subject to Italian corporate income tax ("IRES", 
currently applicable at a rate of 24 per cent. with a 3,5 per cent. surcharge for banks and financial 
intermediaries) and, in certain cases, depending on the status of such Securityholder, may also have to be 
included in its taxable base for regional tax purposes ("IRAP", currently applicable at the general rate of 
3.9 per cent., though a surcharge up to 0.92% may be applicable from region to region). The IRAP rate may 
be increased in certain Italian regions; IRAP rate has also been increased by article 23(5) of Italian Law 
Decree no. 98 of 6 July 2011 to 4.65 per cent. for banks and other financial institutions and to 5.9 per cent. 
for the insurance companies as indicated, respectively, under article 6 and article 7 of Italian Legislative 
Decree no. 446 of 15 December 1997). 
Capital gains realised by a Securityholder which is an open-ended or closed-ended investment fund (subject 
to the tax regime provided by Law No. 77 of 23 March 1983) (the "Investment Fund") or an open-ended 
investment company (società di investimento a capitale variabile – "SICAV") or an close-ended 
investment company, other than a real estate investment company (società di investimento a capitale fisso 
– "SICAF") will not be subject to the imposta sostitutiva. The proceeds distributed by the Investment Fund 
or the SICAV/SICAF or received by certain categories of unitholders upon redemption or disposal of the 
units will be taxed in the hands of the investors who subscribe the quotas of the Funds or the shares of the 
SICAV/SICAF on a cash basis. 
Capital gains realised by an investor which is an Italian resident real estate investment fund established 
pursuant to Article 37 of Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as amended and supplemented, 
and Article 14-bis of Law No. 86 of 25 January 1994 or an Italian real estate investment company (the 
"Real Estate SICAF") are subject neither to imposta sostitutiva nor to any other income in the hands of 
the same real estate investment fund or Real Estate SICAF. Such gains will be taxable or exempt according 
to the regime applicable to the real estate fund. 
Capital gains realised by a Securityholder which is an Italian pension fund (subject to the regime provided 
by article 17 of the Legislative Decree No. 252 of 5 December 2005) will be included in the value of the 
relevant portfolio accrued at the end of the tax period, to be subject to the 20 per cent. ad hoc substitute tax 
on the portfolio's annual net accrued value. Subject to certain conditions (including a minimum holding 
period requirement) and limitations, capital gains may be excluded from the taxable base of the 20 per cent. 
substitute tax if the Securities are included in a long-term savings account (piano di risparmio a lungo 
termine) that meets the requirements set forth in Article 1 (100-114) of the Finance Act 2017, in Article 1 
(210-215) of the Finance Act 2019, in Article 13-bis of the Fiscal Decree linked to the Finance Act 2020, 
Article 136 of the Decree No. 34, Article 1 (219-225) of the Finance Act 2021 and Article 1 (26-27) of the 
Finance Act 2022. 
2. Securities representing debt instruments implying a "use of capital"; Securities having 100 per cent. 
capital protection guaranteed by the Issuer 
2.1 Italian resident Securityholders 
Taxation of interest 
Pursuant to Article 44, paragraph 2, letter (c) of Decree No. 917, Securities qualify as "bonds" or 
"debentures similar to bonds" for Italian tax purposes if they incorporate an unconditional obligation to pay, 
at maturity, an amount not less than their nominal value and do not give any right to directly or indirectly 
participate in the management of the relevant issuer or of the business in relation to which they are issued.

--- Page 975 ---
Italian Taxation 
 
 
975 
 
The Italian tax authorities have clarified (please see Circular Letter No. 4/E of 18 January 2006) that bonds 
may have a maturity which is not scheduled at a specific date, but it is linked to the maturity of the issuing 
company or to the liquidation thereof, if the company has been set-up with an undetermined maturity 
pursuant to Article 2328 (2), No. 13, of the Italian Civil Code. 
Interest and other proceeds on the Securities (including the difference between the redemption amount and 
the issue price) ("Interest") received by Italian resident companies, commercial partnerships or individual 
entrepreneurs within the context of a business enterprise are included in the taxable base for the purposes 
of IRES or individual income tax (imposta sul reddito delle persone fisiche, "IRPEF", at progressive rates), 
as applicable and – under certain circumstances – of IRAP. 
Interest on the Securities is subject to a 26 per cent. substitute tax (imposta sostitutiva) if the recipient is 
included among the following categories of Italian residents: individuals, non-commercial partnerships, 
non-commercial private or public institution or entities that are exempt from IRES. The imposta sostitutiva 
may not be recovered as a deduction from the income tax due. If the Securityholders are individuals or non-
profit organisations engaged in an entrepreneurial activity and the Securities are connected to such 
entrepreneurial activity, the 26 per cent. imposta sostitutiva applies on a provisional basis and may be 
deducted from the payable income tax. 
The 26 per cent. imposta sostitutiva does not apply where the Securities are held in a discretionary 
investment portfolio managed by an Italian authorised financial intermediary and the beneficial owner 
thereof, where possible, has opted to be taxed at a flat rate of 26 per cent. on the year-end increase in value 
of the investment portfolio accrued, even if not realised (which increase in value includes any Interest 
accrued on the Securities), pursuant to the so-called portfolio management tax regime ("regime del 
risparmio gestito") provided for by Decree No. 461. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident 
individuals holding the Securities not in connection with an entrepreneurial activity or social security 
entities pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 
February 1996 may be exempt from any income tax, including the imposta sostitutiva, on interest, premium 
and other income relating to the Securities if the Securities are included in a long-term individual savings 
plan (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements set forth in Article 1 
(100-114) of the Finance Act 2017, in Article 1 (210-215) of the Finance Act 2019, in Article 13-bis of the 
Fiscal Decree linked to the Finance Act 2020, Article 136 of the Decree No. 34, Article 1 (219-225) of the 
Finance Act 2021 and Article 1 (26-27) of the Finance Act 2022. 
Should the Securities be deemed to qualify as units in foreign investment funds, distributions deriving from 
the Securities should be included in the taxable income of the Italian resident recipient, as income from 
capital, and are subject to a 26 per cent. withholding tax applied by Italian resident entities, if any, which 
intervene in the payment of the relevant proceeds as well as in the repurchase or negotiation of Securities. 
2.2 Italian resident Securityholders – Taxation of Capital Gains 
Any gain obtained from the sale or redemption of the Securities would be treated as part of the taxable 
income (and, in certain circumstances, depending on the status of the Securityholder, also as part of the net 
value of the production for IRAP purposes) if realised by an Italian company or a similar commercial entity 
(including the Italian permanent establishment of foreign entities to which the Securities are connected) or 
Italian resident individuals engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Securities are connected. 
A 26 per cent., imposta sostitutiva is applicable on capital gains realised on the disposal of Securities by 
Securityholders included among the following categories of Italian residents: individuals holding the 
Securities not in connection with an entrepreneurial activity, non-commercial partnerships, non-profit 
organisations, the Italian State and public entities or entities that are exempt from IRES. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident 
individuals holding the Securities not in connection with an entrepreneurial activity or social security 
entities pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 
February 1996 may be exempt from Italian capital gain taxes, including the 26 per cent. imposta sostitutiva, 
on capital gains realised upon sale or redemption of the Securities if the Securities are included in a long-
term savings account (piano di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements set forth in Article 
1 (100-114) of Finance Act 2017, Article 1 (210-215) of the Finance Act 2019, in Article 13-bis of the 
Fiscal Decree linked to the Finance Act 2020, Article 136 of the Decree No. 34, Article 1 (219-225) of the 
Finance Act 2021 and Article 1 (26-27) of the Finance Act 2022In respect of the application of such 
substitute tax, taxpayers may opt for one of the three regimes described below.

--- Page 976 ---
Italian Taxation 
 
 
976 
 
Under the tax declaration regime (regime della dichiarazione), which is the default regime for Italian 
resident individuals not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Securities are connected, the 
imposta sostitutiva on capital gains will be chargeable, on a cumulative basis, on all capital gains, net of 
any incurred capital loss, realised by the Italian resident individual holding the Securities not in connection 
with an entrepreneurial activity pursuant to all sales or redemptions of the Securities carried out during any 
given tax year. Italian resident individuals holding the Securities not in connection with an entrepreneurial 
activity must indicate the overall capital gains realised in any tax year, net of any relevant incurred capital 
loss, in the annual tax return and pay imposta sostitutiva on such gains together with any balance income 
tax due for such year. Capital losses in excess of capital gains may be carried forward against capital gains 
realised in any of the four succeeding tax years. 
As an alternative to the tax declaration regime, Italian resident individual Securityholders holding the 
Securities not in connection with an entrepreneurial activity may elect to pay the imposta sostitutiva 
separately on capital gains realised on each sale or redemption of the Securities (regime del risparmio 
amministrato). Such separate taxation of capital gains is allowed subject to (i) the Securities being deposited 
with Italian banks, SIMs (società di intermediazione mobiliare) or certain authorised financial 
intermediaries; and (ii) an express election for the regime del risparmio amministrato being timely made in 
writing by the relevant Securityholder. The depository is responsible for accounting for imposta sostitutiva 
in respect of capital gains realised on each sale or redemption of the Securities (as well as in respect of 
capital gains realised upon the revocation of its mandate), net of any incurred capital loss, and is required 
to pay the relevant amount to the Italian tax authorities on behalf of the taxpayer, deducting a corresponding 
amount from the proceeds to be credited to the Securityholder or using funds provided by the Securityholder 
for this purpose. Under the regime del risparmio amministrato, where a sale or redemption of the Securities 
results in a capital loss, such loss may be deducted from capital gains subsequently realised, within the 
same securities management, in the same tax year or in the following tax years up to the fourth. Under the 
regime del risparmio amministrato, the Securityholder is not required to declare the capital gains in the 
annual tax return.  
Any capital gains realised by Italian resident individuals holding the Securities not in connection with an 
entrepreneurial activity who have entrusted the management of their financial assets, including the 
Securities, to an authorised intermediary and have opted for the so-called regime del risparmio gestito will 
be included in the computation of the annual increase in value of the managed assets accrued, even if not 
realised, at year end, subject to a 26 per cent. substitute tax, to be paid by the managing authorised 
intermediary. Under the regime del risparmio gestito, any depreciation of the managed assets accrued at 
year end may be carried forward against increase in value of the managed assets accrued in any of the four 
succeeding tax years.  
Capital gains accrued on the Securities held by Italian Investment Funds, SICAVs and SICAFs are included 
in the annual accrued increase of the net asset value of such Investment Funds, SICAVs and SICAFs. A 
withholding tax of 26 per cent. will be levied on proceeds distributed by the Investment Funds, SICAV or 
SICAF or received by certain categories of unitholders upon redemption or disposal of the units. 
Any capital gains realised through the transfer for consideration or redemption of the Securities by Pension 
Funds are included in the calculation of the management result of the fund, accrued in each year, subject to 
a 20 per cent. substitute tax. 
Subject to certain conditions (including minimum holding period requirement) and limitations, capital gains 
realised through the transfer for consideration or redemption of the Securities may be excluded from the 
taxable base of the Pension Funds if the Securities are included in a long-term individual savings plan 
(piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) pursuant to Article 1 (100-114) of the Finance Act 2017, 
Article 1 (210-215) of the Finance Act 2019, in Article 13-bis of the Fiscal Decree linked to the Finance 
Act 2020, Article 136 of the Decree No. 34, Article 1 (219-225) of the Finance Act 2021 and Article 1 (26-
27) of the Finance Act 2022. Capital gains on the Securities held by Real Estate Funds or Real Estate 
SICAFs to which the provisions of Decree No. 351, as subsequently amended, apply will be subject neither 
to substitute tax nor to any other income tax at the level of the Real Estate Fund or the Real Estate SICAF. 
A withholding tax may apply in certain circumstances at the rate of up to 26 per cent. on distributions made 
by the Real Estate Funds or Real Estate SICAFs and, in certain cases, a tax transparency regime may apply 
in respect of certain categories of investors in the Real Estate Funds or Real Estate SICAFs owning more 
than 5 per cent. of the fund's units.

--- Page 977 ---
Italian Taxation 
 
 
977 
 
3. Securities not having 100 per cent. capital protection guaranteed by the Issuer (Atypical Securities) 
3.1 Italian resident Securityholders - Taxation of interest 
Interest payments relating to Securities that are not deemed to fall within the category of bonds 
(obbligazioni) or debentures similar to bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni) may be subject to a 
withholding tax (final or on account depending on the "status" and tax residence of the Securityholder), 
levied at the rate of 26 per cent. by the Italian tax resident financial intermediary intervening in the payment 
of the Interest. 
If the Securities are issued by a non-Italian resident Issuer, the 26 per cent. withholding tax mentioned 
above does not apply to Interest payments made to an Italian resident Securityholder which is (i) a company 
or similar commercial entity (including the Italian permanent establishment of foreign entities to which the 
Securities are effectively connected); (ii) a commercial partnership; or (iii) a commercial private or public 
institution. According to Italian tax law, in similar cases the withholding tax qualifies as a a provisional 
withholding tax. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Interest in respect 
of Securities received by Italian resident individuals holding the Securities not in connection with an 
entrepreneurial activity or social security entities pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 
and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 may be exempt from taxation, including the 
withholding tax on interest, premium and other income relating to atypical securities, if those Securities are 
included in a long-term individual savings plan (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) pursuant 
to Article 1 (100–114) of the Finance Act 2017, in Article 1 (210-215) of the Finance Act 2019, in Article 
13-bis of the Fiscal Decree linked to the Finance Act 2020, Article 136 of the Decree No. 34, Article 1 
(219-225) of the Finance Act 2021 and Article 1 (26-27) of the Finance Act 2022. 
3.2 Italian resident Securityholders - Capital gains 
Please see paragraph 2.2 above. 
4. Stamp duty 
The Italian Law Decree No. 201 of 6 December 2011 ("Decree No. 201"), converted into law with 
amendments by Law No. 214 of 22 December 2011, has replaced the paragraphs 2-bis and 2-ter and related 
Securities (3-bis and 3-ter) of Article 13 of the first part of the Tariff annexed to stamp duty Law approved 
with Presidential Decree No. 642 of 26 October 1972. 
Pursuant to Decree No. 201, statements sent to customers and related to all the financial products and 
instruments, including those not deposited, are subject to stamp duty at the rate of 0.20 per cent. The 
maximum amount due is set at euro 14,000 for Securityholders other than individuals. 
The tax is applied to each statement, on the total market value, or in its absence, on the face or repayment 
value of securities and financial products. The statement is considered to be sent at least once a year, even 
for instruments for which is not mandatory nor the deposit nor the release or the drafting of the statement. 
In case of reporting periods of less than 12 months, the stamp duty is payable pro rata. Based on the wording 
of the law and the implementing decree issued by the Italian Ministry of Finance on 24 May 2012, the 
stamp duty applies to any investor who is a client (as defined in the regulations issued by the Bank of Italy 
on 20 June 2012 as amended and supplemented from time to time) of an entity that exercises in any form a 
banking, financial or insurance activity within the Italian territory. 
5. Wealth tax on securities deposited abroad (IVAFE) 
Pursuant to Article 19, paragraphs 18 to 23, of Decree No. 201, Italian resident individuals, non-profit 
entities and certain partnerships including società semplici or similar partnerships in accordance with 
Article 5 of Decree No. 917 holding the Securities outside the Italian territory are required to pay a wealth 
tax at a rate of 0.20 per cent. 
The tax is calculated on the fair market value of the Securities at the end of the relevant year or, in the case 
the fair market value cannot be determined, on their nominal values or redemption values or, in the case 
the face or redemption values cannot be determined, on the purchase value of any financial asset (including 
banking bonds, obbligazioni and capital adequacy financial instruments) held abroad by Italian resident 
individuals. A tax credit is granted for any foreign property tax levied abroad on such financial assets. 
6. Inheritance and Gift Tax

--- Page 978 ---
Italian Taxation 
 
 
978 
 
Pursuant to Italian Law Decree No. 262 of 3 October 2006, as converted with amendments by Law No. 286 
of 24 November 2006, inheritance and gift taxes have been re-introduced in Italy, with effect as of 3 October 
2006. 
Inheritance and gift taxes apply according to the following rates and exclusions: 
(a) 
if assets (including money) pass to a spouse, as well as to any linear descendent, tax is levied at a 
rate of 4 per cent. The tax applies to the value of the assets (net of liabilities) left to each 
heir/beneficiary which exceeded euro 1,000,000; 
(b) 
assets (including money) pass to a relative within the fourth degree or to a linear relative-in-law, 
as well as to a collateral relative within the third degree, tax is levied at a rate of 6 per cent. The 
tax applies to the value of the assets (net of liabilities) exceeding euro 100,000 if assets are left to 
a brother or sister; and 
(c) 
8 per cent. in all other cases. 
If the transfer is made in favour of persons affected by a handicap deemed as "critical" pursuant to Law No. 
104 of 5 February 1992, inheritance and gift taxes apply only on the value exceeding euro 1,500,000. 
Under Article 1 (114) of the Finance Act 2017, as subsequently amended and supplemented, the mortis 
causa transfer of financial instruments included in a long-term savings account (piano individuale di 
risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements set forth in Article 1(100-114) of the Finance Act 
2017, Article 1 (211-215) of the Finance Act 2019 or Article 13- bis of the Fiscal Decree linked to Finance 
Act 2020, Article 136 of the Decree No. 34, Article 1 (219-225) of the Finance Act 2021 and Article 1 (26-
27) of the Finance Act 2022 are exempt from inheritance and gift taxes. 
7. Tax monitoring obligations 
Pursuant to Italian Law Decree No. 167 of 28 June 1990, as amended by Law No. 97 of 6 August 2013 and 
by Law No. 50 of 28 March 2014, individuals, non-profit entities and certain partnerships (in particular, 
società semplici or similar partnerships in accordance with Article 5 of Decree No. 917) resident in Italy 
are required to report in their yearly income tax declaration, for tax monitoring purposes, the amount of 
Securities held abroad during each tax year. 
The requirement applies also where the persons above, being not the direct holder of the financial 
instruments, are the beneficial owner of the instrument for anti-money laundering purposes. The above 
reporting is not required to be complied with respect to Securities deposited for management with qualified 
Italian intermediaries and with respect to contracts entered into through their intervention, provided that the 
financial flows and income derived from the Securities are subject to tax by the same intermediaries. 
8. Financial Transaction Tax 
Pursuant to Article 1 (491 and ff.) of Law No. 228 of 24 December 2012, an Italian financial transaction 
tax ("FTT") applies to (i) transfers of property rights in shares and other participating securities issued by 
Italian resident companies (together, the "Relevant Participating Instruments"); (ii) transfers of property 
rights in financial instruments representing any such Relevant Participating Instruments, whether or not 
such financial instruments are issued by Italian resident issuers (such financial instruments, together the 
Relevant Participating Instruments, the "Relevant Instruments"); and (iii) derivative transactions 
referencing Relevant Instruments (i.e. derivative transactions or derivative financial instruments and certain 
equity-linked securities having an underlying mainly represented by one or more of Relevant Instruments 
or whose value is mainly linked to the Relevant Instruments) including securitised derivatives referencing 
Relevant Instruments (for example warrants, covered warrants and certificates). 
With respect to derivative transactions referencing Relevant Instruments including securitised derivatives 
the FTT applies regardless of the tax residence of both the counterparties of the transactions and/or where 
the transaction is executed. The FTT is levied at a fixed amount of between Euro 0.01875 and Euro 200 per 
transaction, which varies depending on the features and notional value of the securitised derivatives. Where 
a securitised derivative settled by physical settlement, the FTT is also due upon the transfer of the ownership 
rights in the underlying Relevant Instruments. A reduced FTT (one fifth of the standard rate) is payable in 
respect of transactions executed on certain qualifying regulated markets or multilateral trading facilities. 
The FTT due in respect of derivative transactions referencing Relevant Instruments including securitised 
derivatives is payable by both counterparties to a transaction. However, the FTT does not apply where one 
of the parties to the transaction is the European Union, the ECB (European Central Bank), central banks of 
the EU Member States, foreign Central Banks or entities which manage the official reserves of a foreign

--- Page 979 ---
Italian Taxation 
 
 
979 
 
State, or international bodies or entities set up in accordance with international agreements which have 
entered into force in Italy. Further specific exemptions exist including, inter alia, for (i) subjects who carry 
on market making activities; (ii) mandatory social security entities and pension funds set up according to 
Legislative Decree No. 252 of 5 December 2005; and (iii) entities merely interposed in the execution of a 
transaction. 
The FTT is levied by the banks and other financial intermediaries (società fiduciarie e imprese di 
investimento abilitate all'esercizio professionale nei confronti del pubblico dei servizi e delle attività di 
investimento) ("Intermediaries") that are involved, in any way, in the execution of the transaction and 
subsequently paid to the Italian Revenue. If more than one Intermediary is involved in the execution of the 
transaction, the FTT is levied by the Intermediary who receives the order of execution by the purchaser of 
the Relevant Instruments or, in the case of a derivative transaction or securitised derivative referencing a 
Relevant Instrument, by the counterparty to or purchaser of such derivative. Intermediaries not resident in 
Italy can appoint an Italian representative for the purposes of the FTT. If no Intermediaries are involved in 
the execution of the transaction, the relevant FTT must be paid by each relevant party to the transaction 
themselves. 
9. EU Directive on Administrative Cooperation in the field of Taxation 
On 9 July 2015, the Italian Parliament adopted Law No. 114 delegating the Italian Government to 
implement in Italy certain EU Council Directives, including Council Directive 2011/16/EU on 
Administrative Cooperation in the field of Taxation (as amended by Council Directive 2014/107/EU). Such 
Directive is aimed at broadening the scope of the operational mechanism of intra-EU automatic exchange 
of information in order to fight cross-border tax fraud and evasion. The Italian government implemented 
the above-mentioned Council Directive 2014/107/EU in the Ministerial Decree issued by the Ministry of 
Finance on 28 December 2015, as amended by the Ministerial Decree of 17 January 2017. Following the 
Ministerial Decree quoted, the Italian tax authorities may communicate to other EU Member States 
information about interest and other categories of financial income of Italian source, including income from 
the Securities. 
Furthermore, the Italian Government implemented the later changes to the Council Directive 2011/16/EU, 
including the changes introduced by the Council Directive 2376/2015/EU on the mandatory automatic 
exchange of information on advance cross-border rulings and advance pricing arrangements, through the 
issue of the Legislative Decree 15 March 2017, no. 32, and by the Council Directive 2016/2258/EU as 
regards access to anti-money-laundering information by tax authorities, through the issue of the Legislative 
Decree 18 May 2018, no. 60.

--- Page 980 ---
Luxembourg Taxation 
 
 
980 
 
LUXEMBOURG TAXATION 
The following is a general description of certain Luxembourg tax considerations relating to the Securities. 
It does not purport to be a complete analysis of all tax considerations relating to the Securities, whether in 
Luxembourg or elsewhere. Prospective purchasers of the Securities should consult their own tax advisers 
as to which countries' tax laws could be relevant to acquiring, holding and disposing of the Securities 
payments of interest, principal and/or other amounts under the Securities and the consequences of such 
actions under the tax laws of Luxembourg. The following is based upon the law as in effect on the date of 
this Base Prospectus. Prospective investors should not apply any information set out below to other areas, 
including (but not limited to) the legality of transactions involving the Securities. Please be aware that the 
residence concept used under the respective headings below applies for Luxembourg income tax assessment 
purposes only. Any reference in the present section to a withholding tax or other taxes refers to Luxembourg 
tax law and/or concepts only. A Securityholder may not become resident, or deemed to be resident, in 
Luxembourg by reason only of the holding of the Securities, or the execution, performance, delivery and/or 
enforcement of the Securities. 
Taxation of the Securityholders 
Withholding tax 
1. Non-resident Securityholders 
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force, there is no withholding tax on payments of 
principal, premium or interest made to non-resident Securityholders, nor on accrued but unpaid interest in 
respect of the Securities which are not profit participating, nor is any Luxembourg withholding tax payable 
upon redemption or repurchase of the Securities held by non-resident Securityholders. 
2. Resident Securityholders 
RELIBI 
Pursuant to the Luxembourg law of 23 December 2005 introducing final withholding tax on certain interest 
deriving from savings income, as amended (the "RELIBI Law"), a 20% withholding tax is levied on 
payments of interest or similar income made by Luxembourg paying agents to (or for the benefit of) 
Luxembourg resident individuals Securityholders. This withholding tax also applies on accrued interest 
received upon sale, disposal, redemption or repurchase of the Securities. Such withholding tax is in full 
discharge of income tax if the beneficial owner is an individual acting in the course of the management of 
his/her private wealth who does not hold the Securities as business assets. 
Luxembourg resident individuals beneficial owners of interest payments or similar income made by a 
paying agent established outside Luxembourg in a Member State of the European Union or a State of the 
European Economic Area, may opt for a final 20% withholding tax. In such case, the 20% withholding tax 
is calculated on the same amounts as for the payments made by Luxembourg paying agents. The option for 
the 20% final withholding tax must cover all interest payments made by paying agents to the beneficial 
owner during the entire civil year. 
Responsibility for the withholding of tax in application of the above-mentioned RELIBI Law is assumed 
by the Luxembourg paying agent within the meaning of the RELIBI Law. 
Income Taxation 
(i) 
Non-resident Securityholders 
A non-resident Securityholder, not having a permanent establishment or permanent representative in 
Luxembourg to which/whom such Securities are attributable, is not subject to Luxembourg income tax on 
interest accrued or received, redemption premiums or issue discounts, under the Securities. A gain realised 
by such non-resident Securityholder on the sale or disposal, in any form whatsoever, of the Securities is 
further not subject to Luxembourg income tax. 
A non-resident Securityholder acting in the course of the management of professional or business 
undertaking, who has a permanent establishment or permanent representative in Luxembourg to which or 
to whom such Securities are attributable, is subject to Luxembourg income tax on interest accrued or

--- Page 981 ---
Luxembourg Taxation 
 
 
981 
 
received, redemption premiums or issue discounts, under the Securities and on any gains realised upon the 
sale or disposal, in any form whatsoever of the Securities. 
(ii) 
Resident Securityholders 
Securityholders who/which are resident of Luxembourg will not be liable for any Luxembourg income tax 
on repayment of principal. 
Luxembourg resident corporate Securityholder 
A corporate Securityholder must include any interest accrued or received, any redemption premium or issue 
discount, as well as any gain realized on the sale or disposal, in any form whatsoever, of the Securities, in 
its taxable income for Luxembourg income tax assessment purposes. 
Luxembourg Securityholders which are companies benefiting from a special tax regime such as (i) family 
wealth management companies subject to the Luxembourg law of 11 May 2007 on family estate 
management companies, as amended; (ii) undertakings for collective investment subject to the Luxembourg 
law of 17 December 2010 on undertakings for collective investment (replacing the law of 20 December 
2002), as amended; (iii) specialised investment funds subject to the Luxembourg law of 13 February 2007 
on specialised investment funds, as amended; or (iv) a company regulated by the Luxembourg law of 23 
July 2016 on reserved alternative investment funds, not investing in risk capital, are not subject to any 
Luxembourg income tax. 
Luxembourg resident individual Securityholder 
An individual Securityholder, who acts in the course of the management of his private wealth and who is a 
resident of Luxembourg for tax purposes, has further to include the portion of the gain corresponding to 
accrued but unpaid interest in respect of the Securities in his taxable income, except if (i) withholding tax 
has been levied on such payments in accordance with the RELIBI Law; or (ii) the individual Securityholder 
has opted for the application of a 20% withholding tax in full discharge of income tax in accordance with 
the RELIBI Law, which applies if a payment of interest has been made or ascribed by a paying agent 
established outside Luxembourg in an EU Member State or in a State of the European Economic Area. 
The above 20% withholding tax represents the final tax liability on interest received for the Luxembourg 
resident individuals receiving the interest payments in the course of their private wealth and can be refunded 
in consideration of foreign withholding tax, based on double tax treaties concluded by Luxembourg. 
Under Luxembourg domestic tax law, gains realised by an individual Securityholder, who acts in the course 
of the management of his private wealth and who is a resident of Luxembourg for tax purposes, on the sale 
or disposal, in any form whatsoever, of Securities are not subject to Luxembourg income tax, provided this 
sale or disposal took place six months after the acquisition of the Securities and the Securities do not 
constitute Zero Coupon Securities. 
An individual Securityholder acting in the course of the management of professional or business 
undertaking must include this interest in its taxable basis. In that event, such 20% withholding tax levied 
will be credited against their final income tax liability. 
(iii) 
Net wealth tax 
A corporate Securityholder, whether it is a resident of Luxembourg for tax purposes or, if not, it maintains 
a permanent establishment or a permanent representative in Luxembourg to which such Securities are 
attributable, is subject to Luxembourg net wealth tax on such Securities, except if the Securityholder is 
governed by (i) the Luxembourg law of 11 May 2007 on family estate management companies, as amended; 
(ii) the Luxembourg law of 17 December 2010 on undertakings for collective investment (replacing the law 
of 20 December 2002), as amended; (iii) the Luxembourg law of 13 July 2005 on institutions for 
occupational retirement provision in the form of pension savings companies with variable capital and 
pension savings associations, as amended; (iv) the Luxembourg law of 13 February 2007 on specialised 
investment funds, as amended; (v) the Luxembourg law of 22 March 2004 on securitisation, as amended; 
(vi) the Luxembourg law of 15 June 2004 on venture capital vehicles; or (vii) it is a company that is subject 
to the law of 23 July 2016 on reserved alternative investment funds.

--- Page 982 ---
Luxembourg Taxation 
 
 
982 
 
Nevertheless, further to the Luxembourg law of 18 December 2015 on net wealth tax aspects, as amended, 
(i) securitisation companies governed by the Luxembourg law of 22 March 2004, as amended; (ii) risk 
capital companies governed by the Luxembourg law of 15 June 2004 relating to the investment company 
in risk capital, as amended; (iii) professional pension institutions in the form of variable capital companies 
(sociétés d'épargne-pension à capital variable - SEPCAVs) or associations (associations d'épargne-pension 
- ASSEPs) governed by Luxembourg the law of 13 July 2005 on institutions for occupational retirement 
provision in the form of pension savings companies with variable capital and pension savings associations, 
as amended; and (iv) reserved alternative investment funds under the form of corporations which invest in 
risk capital, subject to the Luxembourg law of 23 July 2016 on reserved alternative investment funds, should 
be in the scope of the minimum net wealth tax, which may vary depending on the total amount of their 
balance sheet as well as the type of assets held, and should range from EUR 535 to EUR 32,100. 
An individual Securityholder, whether he/she is resident of Luxembourg or not, is not subject to 
Luxembourg net wealth tax on Securities. 
(iv) 
Other taxes 
Under present Luxembourg tax law, in the case where a Securityholder is a resident for tax purposes of 
Luxembourg at the time of his death, the Securities are included in his taxable estate. 
Gift tax may be due on a gift or donation of Securities, if the gift or donation is recorded in a Luxembourg 
deed.

--- Page 983 ---
Norwegian Taxation 
 
 
983 
 
NORWEGIAN TAXATION 
The following is a description of certain Norwegian tax consequences for holders of Securities who are 
resident in Norway for tax purposes. Norwegian tax legislation does not currently include statutory 
legislation relating specifically to Securities.  Instead, taxation treatment must be derived from general tax 
rules and principles applicable to capital income and capital gains.  Norwegian tax law is based on 
substance over form. If the Securities after an overall assessment have characteristics more similar to those 
of equity instruments rather than debt, the economic reality might overrule the formalities for income tax 
purposes. The description below for Securities is based on the assumption that the Securities are considered 
as debt instruments for Norwegian tax purposes and that the holder is considered beneficial owner of the 
Securities for tax purposes.  
The purpose of this description is to provide a high-level and general overview of the main tax consequences 
that may arise under Norwegian law and the description does not purport to be a comprehensive 
description of all tax considerations that may be relevant to a decision to purchase the Securities.  
Special rules apply for holder of Securities that cease to be tax resident in Norway or that for some reason 
are no longer considered taxable to Norway in relation to their holding of Securities.  
The description is based on legislation in Norway as it is interpreted and practised as of the date of this 
document, which may be amended from time to time, possibly with retroactive effect. The tax treatment of 
each holder partly depends on the holder's specific situation, and the specific instrument issued to the 
holder. Each investor should consult a tax adviser as to the tax consequences relating to their particular 
circumstances resulting from holding and disposition of Securities. 
Taxation of return on the Securities prior to disposal 
Any kind of return received on the Securities prior to the disposal is taxable as "ordinary income" at the 
hand of the holder of Securities subject to the ordinary income tax rate of 22 per cent.. For financial 
institutions covered by the Norwegian financial tax (No: "Finansskatt"), return of the Securities will be 
subject to a special tax leading to an effective tax rate of 25%.  
Return on the Securities is taxed on accruals basis, i.e. regardless of when the return is actually paid. 
Taxation upon disposal or redemption of the Securities 
Redemption at the end of the term as well as prior disposal is treated as realization of the Securities and 
will trigger a capital gain or loss. Capital gains will be taxable as "ordinary income", subject to the flat rate 
of 22 per cent. (25% for financial institutions covered by the Norwegian financial tax, as referred to in 
"Taxation of return on the Securities prior to disposal" above).  
 
The tax liability applies irrespective of how long the Securities have been owned and the number of 
Securities that have been redeemed or realised. Losses will be deductible in the Securityholder's "ordinary 
income", taxed at the same tax rate. 
 
Any capital gain or loss is computed as the difference between the amount received by the Securityholder 
on realization and the cost price of the Securities. The cost price is equal to the price for which the 
Securityholder acquired the Securities. Costs incurred in connection with the acquisition and realization of 
the Securities may be deducted from the Securityholder's taxable income in the year of the realization. 
Net wealth taxation 
Corporations and companies are not subject to net wealth taxation in Norway. 
Individuals tax resident in Norway are subject to net wealth taxation in Norway. The value of the Securities 
at the end of each income year will be included in the computation of the Securityholder's taxable net wealth 
for municipal and state net wealth tax purposes. Listed bonds are valued at their quoted value on 1 January 
in the assessment year, while non-listed bonds are valued at their estimated market value on 1 January in 
the assessment year. As of January 1 2022, the marginal net wealth tax rate is 0.95% on net wealth 
exceeding NOK 1,700,000 and up to NOK 19,999,999, and a rate of 1.1% on net wealth of NOK 20,000,000 
and above.

--- Page 984 ---
Norwegian Taxation 
 
 
984 
 
VAT and transfer taxes 
No VAT, stamp or similar duties are currently imposed in Norway on the transfer or issuance of Securities. 
Inheritance tax 
Norway currently does not impose inheritance or gift tax.  
Under the current rules, the heir acquires the donor's tax input value based on principles of continuity. Thus, 
the heir will be taxable for any increase in value in the donor's ownership, at the time of the heir's realization. 
However, the principles of continuity only applies if the donor was taxable in Norway.

--- Page 985 ---
Portuguese Taxation 
 
 
985 
 
PORTUGUESE TAXATION 
The following is a general description of current law and practice in Portugal as in effect on the date of 
this Base Prospectus in relation to certain current relevant aspects to Portuguese taxation of the Securities 
and is subject to changes in such laws, including changes that could have a retroactive effect. The following 
description is intended as a general guide only and is not exhaustive.  It is not intended to be, nor should it 
be considered to be, legal or tax advice to any holder of Securities. It does not take into account or discuss 
the tax laws of any country other than Portugal and relates only to the position of persons who are absolute 
beneficial owners of the Securities. Prospective investors are advised to consult their own tax advisers as 
to the Portuguese or other tax consequences of the purchase, ownership and disposal of Securities. 
The reference to "interest", "other investment income" and "capital gains" in the paragraphs below 
means "interest", "other investment income" and "capital gains" as understood in Portuguese tax law.  The 
statements below do not take into account any different definitions of "interest", "other investment income" 
or "capital gains" which may prevail under any other law or which may be created by the "Terms and 
Conditions" of the Securities or any related documentation. 
Income generated by the holding (distributions) and disposal of Securities should be generally subject to 
the Portuguese tax regime for debt securities ("obrigações"). 
Interest and other investment income obtained by Portuguese resident individuals on the Securities as well 
as the remuneration received on the exercise of Certificates that entitle the security holder to receive from 
the relevant Issuer a predetermined amount higher than the subscription value is subject to individual 
income tax. If the payment of interest or other investment income on the Securities as well as the 
remuneration received on the exercise of Certificates that entitle the security holder to receive a 
predetermined amount higher than the subscription value is made available to Portuguese resident 
individuals through a Portuguese resident entity or a Portuguese branch of a non-resident entity, 
withholding tax applies currently at 28% which, if such income is not earned as business or professional 
income, is the final tax on that income unless the individual elects to include it in his taxable income, subject 
to tax at progressive rates of up to 48%. A surcharge will apply on the part of the taxable income exceeding 
€80,000 as follows: (i) 2.5%. on the part of the taxable income exceeding €80,000 up to €250,000 and (ii) 
5% on the remaining part (if any) of the taxable income exceeding €250,000. In this case (aggregation of 
income), the tax withheld is deemed a payment on account of the final tax due. If the interest on the 
Securities or the remuneration received on the exercise of Certificates that entitle the security holder to 
receive from the relevant Issuer a predetermined amount higher than the subscription value is not received 
through an entity located in Portugal it is not subject to Portuguese withholding tax, but an autonomous 
taxation currently of 28% will apply, which is the final tax on that income unless the individual elects to 
include it in his/her taxable income, subject to tax at the progressive rates mentioned above. 
Interest and other investment income paid or made available ("colocado à disposição") on the Securities as 
well as the remuneration on the exercise of Certificates that entitle the security holder to receive from the 
relevant Issuer a predetermined amount higher than the subscription value, to Portuguese resident 
individuals, through Portuguese entities mandated by the debtors or the holders or that act on account of 
ones or the others, and due by non-resident entities without a permanent establishment in the Portuguese 
territory and that are domiciled in a country included in the "tax havens" list (Order no. 150/2004 of 13 
February, as amended by Order no. 292/2011 of 8 November, Law 144/2017 of 29 December and Order 
no. 309-A/2020 of 31 December) are subject to a final withholding tax rate at 35%. If the interest on the 
Securities and the remuneration on those Certificates is not paid or made available through the above-
referred entities, it is not subject to Portuguese withholding tax, but an autonomous taxation currently of 
35% will apply, which is the final tax on that income. 
Interest, other investment income and the remuneration on the exercise of Certificates that entitle the 
security holder to receive from the relevant Issuer a predetermined amount higher than the subscription 
value paid or made available ("colocado à disposição") to accounts in the name of one or more 
accountholders acting on behalf of undisclosed third parties is subject to a final withholding tax rate of 
35%, unless the beneficial owner of the income is disclosed, in which case the general rules will apply. 
Gains obtained on the disposal of Securities that entitle the security holder to receive the value of a certain 
underlying asset with the exception of the remuneration arising from Certificates that guarantee the holder 
the right to receive a minimum value in excess of the subscription value by an individual resident in Portugal 
for tax purposes are subject to Portuguese capital gains taxation, whereby the positive difference between 
such gains and gains on other securities and losses in securities is subject to tax currently at 28%, which, if 
such income is not earned as business or professional income, is the final tax on that income unless the 
individual elects to include it in his/her taxable income, subject to tax at progressive rates of up to 48%. A

--- Page 986 ---
Portuguese Taxation 
 
 
986 
 
surcharge will apply on the part of the taxable income exceeding €80,000 as follows: (i) 2.5%. on the part 
of the taxable income exceeding €80,000 up to €250,000 and (ii) 5% on the remaining part (if any) of the 
taxable income exceeding €250,000.  
Financial income (interest and other investment income) and capital gains derived from the Securities by 
legal persons resident for tax purposes in Portugal and by non-resident legal persons with a permanent 
establishment in Portugal to which the income or gains are attributable are included in their taxable profits 
and are subject to corporate income tax at a rate of 21 per cent or 17 per cent if the taxpayer qualifies as a 
small or medium-sized company, as defined in Decree-Law no. 372/2007, of 6 November, as last amended 
by Decree-Law no. 13/2020, of 7 April, applicable to taxable profits up to € 15,000 (the excess thereof will 
be subject to the standard rate of 21 per cent), to which may be added a municipal surcharge ("derrama'') 
of up to 1.5% of its taxable profit. A state surcharge ("derrama estadual") rate currently of 3% will be due 
on the part of taxable profits between €1,500,000 up to € 7,500,000, a rate of 5% on the part of the taxable 
profits between € 7,500,000 up to €35,000,000 and a rate of 9% on the part of the profits exceeding 
€35,000,000. 
Gratuitous transfers of the Program Securities to Portuguese resident individuals would not be liable to 
Portuguese Stamp Tax, as they fall outside the territorial scope of such tax (i.e., no connection with the 
Portuguese territory exist as the debtor of the patrimonial or credit rights has its domicile, head office, place 
of effective management or permanent establishment outside the Portuguese territory). Gratuitous transfers 
of the Program Securities (i.e., acquisition of the Securities by means of gift or inheritance) in favor of a 
Portuguese resident corporate entity or non-Portuguese resident corporate entity with a Portuguese 
permanent establishment to which such transfer is attributable to shall qualify as patrimonial increases, 
which, although not subject to stamp tax, would be included in the taxpayer taxable income and subject to 
corporate income tax at a rate of 21 per cent or 17 per cent if the taxpayer qualifies as a small or medium-
sized company, as defined in Decree-Law no. 372/2007, of 6 November, as last amended by Decree-Law 
no. 13/2020, of 7 April, applicable to taxable profits up to € 15,000 (the excess thereof will be subject to 
the standard rate of 21 per cent), to which may be added a municipal surcharge ("derrama'') of up to 1.5% 
of its taxable profit. A state surcharge ("derrama estadual") rate currently of 3% will be due on the part of 
taxable profits between €1,500,000 up to € 7,500,000, a rate of 5% on the part of the taxable profits between 
€7,500,000 up to €35,000,000 and a rate of 9% on the part of the profits exceeding €35,000,000. 
There is neither wealth nor estate tax in Portugal on movable assets. 
Payments made by the Issuer of interest, other investment income or principal on Securities issued by it to 
an individual or legal person non-resident in Portugal for tax purposes without a Portuguese permanent 
establishment to which income may be attributable are not subject to Portuguese tax. 
Capital gains realised on Securities by a holder who is neither resident nor engaged in business through a 
permanent establishment in Portugal to which that gain is attributable are not subject to Portuguese tax.

--- Page 987 ---
Portuguese Taxation 
 
 
987 
 
SPANISH TAXATION 
The information provided below does not purport to be a complete description of tax law and practice 
currently applicable in the Kingdom of Spain and is subject to any changes in law and the interpretation 
and application thereof, which could be made with retroactive effect. Furthermore, it is not a 
comprehensive description of all the tax considerations that may be relevant to a decision to acquire, hold 
or dispose of the Securities, and does not describe the tax consequences for certain categories of taxpayers 
including, but not limited to entities falling under the attribution of the income regime, financial institutions, 
Collective Investment Institutions or Cooperatives, which may be subject to specific rules. Prospective 
investors who are in any doubt as to their position should consult with their own professional advisors. 
The description set out below is based upon Spanish state law in force and is subject to any changes in the 
laws of Spain that may take effect after such date. This description does not take into account any regional 
or local legislation that could be of application. 
This information has been prepared in accordance with the following Spanish tax legislation: 
(i) 
for individuals resident for tax purposes in Spain which are subject to Personal Income Tax, Law 
35/2006, of 28 November 2006, on Personal Income Tax, as amended (the "PIT Law"); Royal 
Decree 439/2007, of 30 March 2007 promulgating the Personal Income Tax Regulations, as 
amended (the "PIT Regulations"); Law 19/1991, of 6 June 1991 on Wealth Tax as amended most 
recently by Royal Decree Law 18/2019, of 27 December (the "Wealth Tax Law"); and Law 
29/1987, of 18 December 1987, on Inheritance and Gift Tax, as amended (the "Inheritance and 
Gift Tax Law"); 
(ii) 
for legal entities resident for tax purposes in Spain which are subject to Corporate Income Tax, 
Law 27/2014 of 27 November 2014, on Corporate Income Tax, as amended (the "CIT Law") and 
Royal Decree 634/2015, of 10 July 2015, promulgating the Corporate Income Tax Regulations, as 
amended (the "CIT Regulations"); 
(iii) 
for individuals and entities who are not resident in Spain, Royal Legislative Decree 5/2004, of 5 
March 2004, promulgating the Consolidated Text of the Non-Residents Income Tax Law, as 
amended (the "NRIT Law"); Royal Decree 1776/2004, of 30 July 2004, promulgating the Non-
Residents Income Tax Regulations, as amended (the "NRIT Regulations"); the Wealth Tax Law; 
and the Inheritance and Gift Tax Law. 
I. 
Taxes on Income and Capital Gains 
(i) 
Individuals with tax residency in Spain subject to Personal Income Tax (Impuesto sobre la 
Renta de las Personas Físicas) 
Interest from the Securities obtained by individuals subject to Spanish Personal Income Tax, and 
also income from the transfer, reimbursement, redemption, exchange or conversion of the 
Securities would be considered a return on investment obtained from the transfer of funds to third 
parties according to Article 25.2 of the PIT Law. Such income would be included in the savings 
taxable base and subject to the rules foreseen in that respect in the PIT Law. 
Income included in the savings taxable base are currently taxed (i) at a rate of 19 per cent up to 
the first €6,000; (ii) at a rate of 21 per cent on the following up to €50,000; (iii) at a rate of 23 per 
cent on the following up to €200,000; and (iv) at a rate of 26 per cent on any excess over €200,000.  
Any income derived from the Securities would be subject to withholding tax, currently at the rate 
of 19 per cent, on account of the Personal Income Tax of the holder.  
On the basis that the Issuers are not resident in Spain for tax purposes and do not operate in Spain 
through a permanent establishment, branch or agency, all payments of principal and interest in 
respect of the Securities can be made free of any withholding or deduction for or on account of 
any taxes in Spain.  
Under certain conditions, withholding taxes may apply if the Securities are deposited with a 
Spanish resident entity acting as depositary or custodian or such Spanish resident entity is in charge 
of the collection of the income from the Securities, or in charge of the redemption of the securities, 
or receives from the holder the order to transfer the security, as the case may be.

--- Page 988 ---
Portuguese Taxation 
 
 
988 
 
(ii) 
Legal Entities with tax residency in Spain subject to Corporate Income Tax (Impuesto sobre 
Sociedades) 
The tax regime for Spanish-resident entity holders of Securities is included in the CIT Law and 
the CIT Regulations. 
According to article 10.3 of the CIT Law, the taxable income derived from the interest generated 
under the Securities and also income from the transfer, reimbursement, redemption, exchange or 
conversion of the Securities will be calculated in accordance with the accounting treatment of such 
income by the relevant entity and generally taxed at the standard rate of 25 per cent. Please note 
that, as of 1 January 2022, profits obtained by legal entities with tax residency in Spain will be 
taxed at a minimum effective tax rate of 15% of the taxable base in case that (i) the net turnover 
of the entity is 20 million euros or more or (ii) the entity is taxed under the consolidated tax regime. 
Any income derived from the Securities would be subject to withholding tax of 19 per cent on 
account of the Corporate Income Tax of the holder. 
On the basis that the Issuers are not resident in Spain for tax purposes and do not operate in Spain 
through a permanent establishment, branch or agency, all payments of principal and interest in 
respect of the Securities can be made free of any withholding or deduction for or on account of 
any taxes in Spain. 
Under certain conditions, withholding taxes may apply if the Securities are deposited with a 
Spanish resident entity acting as depositary or custodian or such Spanish resident entity is in charge 
of the collection of the income from the Securities, or in charge of the redemption of the securities, 
or receives from the holder the order to transfer the security, as the case may be. 
In any case, income derived from the Securities obtained by Corporate Income Tax taxpayers will 
not be subject to withholding tax on account of Corporate Income Tax, in accordance with the 
provisions of Article 61.s) of the CIT Regulations provided that the Securities are listed on an 
organised market of an OECD country. 
(iii) 
Individuals and Legal Entities not resident in Spain and subject to Non-Resident Income Tax 
(Impuesto sobre la Renta de no Residentes) 
Interest generated by the Securities or income from the transfer, reimbursement, redemption, 
exchange or conversion of the Securities obtained by individuals and legal entities not resident for 
tax purposes in Spain will be taxed pursuant to the NRIT Law. 
Income obtained through a permanent establishment 
If the Securities form part of the assets of a permanent establishment in Spain of a non-Spanish 
resident person or entity, income from the Securities will be taxed under the same rules as those 
previously set out for legal entities subject to Corporate Income Tax. 
Income obtained without a permanent establishment 
Income obtained by individuals or entities who are not resident in Spain for tax purposes and who 
do not act, with respect to the Securities, through a permanent establishment in Spain would not 
be considered as Spanish-source income and, therefore, would not be subject to taxation and 
withholding tax in Spain under the Non-Residents Income Tax Law. 
II. 
Wealth Tax (Impuesto sobre el Patrimonio) 
Only individuals who are holders of Securities would be subject to Wealth Tax. Legal entities are 
not taxable persons under Spanish Wealth Tax. 
(i) 
Individuals with Tax Residency in Spain 
Individuals with tax residency in Spain are subject to Wealth Tax to the extent that their net worth 
exceeds €700,000 (subject to any exceptions provided under relevant legislation in an autonomous 
region (Comunidad Autónoma)). Therefore, they should take into account the value of the 
Securities which they hold as at 31 December each year, the applicable rates ranging between 0.2 
per cent. and 3.5 per cent. 
(ii) 
Individuals with no Tax Residency in Spain

--- Page 989 ---
Portuguese Taxation 
 
 
989 
 
Non-Spanish residents would not be subject to the Wealth Tax on the holding of the Securities, 
provided that the Securities are not located in Spain and the rights deriving from them cannot be 
exercised within the Spanish territory. 
III. 
Inheritance and Gift Tax (Impuesto sobre Sucesiones y Donaciones) 
(i) 
Individuals with Tax Residency in Spain 
Individuals resident in Spain for tax purposes who acquire ownership or other rights over any 
Securities by inheritance, gift or legacy will be subject to the Inheritance and Gift Tax in 
accordance with the applicable Spanish regional or State rules (subject to any regional tax 
exemptions being available to them). The applicable effective tax rates currently range between 0 
per cent. and 81.6 per cent., subject to any specific regional rules, depending on relevant factors. 
(ii) 
Legal Entities with Tax Residency in Spain 
Legal entities resident in Spain for tax purposes which acquire ownership or other rights over the 
Securities by inheritance, gift or legacy are not subject to the Spanish Inheritance and Gift, income 
obtained will be subject to the Corporate Income Tax. 
(iii) 
Individuals and Legal Entities not resident in Spain 
Non-Spanish resident individuals and non-Spanish legal entities without a permanent 
establishment in Spain that acquire ownership or other rights over the Securities by inheritance, 
gift or legacy, will not be subject to Inheritance and Gift Tax provided that the Securities are not 
located in Spain and the rights deriving from them cannot be exercised within the Spanish territory. 
Non-Resident entities with a permanent establishment within the Spanish territory which acquire 
the ownership or other rights over the Securities by inheritance, gift or legacy are not subject to 
the Spanish Inheritance and Gift Tax. Rather, income obtained will be subject to the Non-Residents 
Income Tax, subject to the application of any relevant double taxation treaty. 
IV. 
Value Added Tax, Transfer Tax and Stamp Duty 
The issuance, acquisition and transfer of Securities is not taxable under Transfer Tax and Stamp 
Duty Tax, in accordance with the Consolidated Text of such tax promulgated by Royal Legislative 
Decree 1/1993, of 24 September, nor will it be taxable under the Value Added Tax, in accordance 
with Law 37/1992, of 28 December, regulating such tax. 
V. 
Disclosure obligations in connection with assets held abroad by Spanish resident natural and 
legal persons (Form 720) 
According to Law 7/2012, Spanish resident natural or legal persons holding certain categories of 
assets abroad (including inter alia all types of debt securities) may be potentially liable to report 
them to the Spanish tax authorities on a yearly basis (filing in respect of Securities held as of 31 
December every year will be due by 31 March of the immediately following year) in certain 
circumstances. Accordingly, any Spanish resident individual and corporate investors using a non-
Spanish resident custodian to hold the Securities may be potentially liable to comply with such 
reporting obligations in respect of the Securities, if certain conditions are met. Failure to meet this 
new reporting obligation may trigger significant tax penalties and other tax implications.  
Please note that the European Court of Justice delivered a ruling on 27 January 2022 declaring 
illegal several aspects of the Spain's tax form 720, such as the non-expiration of the debt and the 
disproportionate sanctions. As a consequence of the above, Law 5/2022 of 9 March 2022 has 
eliminated the tax debt non-expiration rule and has amended the relevant penalties, so that failure 
to make the necessary disclosure (including omission, falseness and inaccuracy of the information 
provided) may still be sanctioned, but the penalties to be imposed will be in accordance with the 
general regime established in the Spanish General Tax Law.

--- Page 990 ---
Swedish Taxation 
 
 
990 
 
SWEDISH TAXATION 
There is no Swedish withholding tax at source (källskatt) applicable on payments made by the Issuer in 
respect of the Securities. Sweden operates a system of preliminary tax (preliminärskatt) to secure payment 
of taxes. In the context of the Securities a preliminary tax of 30 per cent. will be deducted from all payments 
of interest (including any compensation deemed to constitute interest for tax purposes) in respect of the 
Securities made to any individuals or estates that are resident in Sweden for tax purposes, provided the 
paying entity is subject to reporting obligations. A preliminary tax of 30 per cent. will also be deducted 
from any other payments in respect of the Securities not treated as capital gains, if such payments are paid 
out together with payments treated as interest. Depending on the relevant holder's overall tax liability for 
the relevant fiscal year, the preliminary tax may contribute towards, equal or exceed the holder's overall tax 
liability with any balance subsequently to be paid by or to the relevant holder, as applicable.

--- Page 991 ---
Swiss Taxation 
 
 
991 
 
 
SWISS TAXATION 
The following discussion is a summary of certain material Swiss tax considerations relating to (i) Program 
Securities issued by any of the Issuers where the Holder is tax resident in Switzerland or has a tax presence 
in Switzerland or (ii) Program Securities where the Paying Agent, custodian or securities dealer is located 
in Switzerland. The discussion is a summary based on legislation as of the date of this Base Prospectus. It 
does not aim to be a comprehensive description of all the Swiss tax considerations that may be relevant for 
a decision to invest in Program Securities. The tax treatment for each investor depends on the particular 
situation. All investors are advised to consult with their professional tax advisors as to the respective Swiss 
tax consequences of the purchase, ownership, disposition, lapse, exercise or redemption of Program 
Securities (or options embedded therein) in light of their particular circumstances. 
Swiss Withholding Tax 
Payments under the Program Securities will not be subject to Swiss federal withholding tax, provided that 
the Issuer is at all times resident and managed outside Switzerland for Swiss tax purposes. 
On 3 April 2020, the Swiss Federal Council proposed draft legislation and opened the consultation 
procedure regarding the reform of the Swiss withholding tax regime, which had previously been suspended. 
A main aspect of the draft legislation is the exemption of Swiss-domiciled legal entities and foreign 
investors from withholding tax on Swiss domestic interest-based investments. In essence, the draft 
legislation would replace the current debtor-based regime applicable to interest payments with a paying 
agent-based regime for Swiss withholding tax. Broadly, this paying agent-based regime would (i) subject 
all interest payments made through paying agents in Switzerland to individuals resident in Switzerland to 
Swiss withholding tax and (ii) exempt from Swiss withholding tax interest payments to all other persons, 
including to Swiss-domiciled legal entities and foreign investors (other than for indirect interest payments 
via foreign and domestic collective investments vehicles). If such a new paying agent-based regime were 
to be enacted and were to result in the deduction or withholding of Swiss withholding tax on any interest 
payments in respect of the Securities, the Securities would not be entitled to receive any additional amounts 
as a result of such deduction or withholding under the terms of the Program Securities. However, the results 
of the consultation, which ended on 10 July 2020, were controversial. Consequently, on 15 April 2021, the 
Swiss Federal Council submitted a new draft on the reform of the Swiss withholding tax system providing 
for the abolition of Swiss withholding tax on interest payments on bonds for submission to the Swiss Federal 
Parliament, which legislation was accepted by the Swiss Parliament on 17 December 2021. The entry into 
force of such legislation is still subject to a referendum which will be held on September 25, 2022. If the 
legislation will be approved in the referendum, it will enter into force on 1 January 2023. Notwithstanding 
the foregoing, if a new paying agent-based regime were nevertheless to be enacted as contemplated by the 
draft legislation published on 3 April 2020 and were to result in the deduction or withholding of Swiss 
withholding tax on any payment in respect of the Program Securities by any person in Switzerland other 
than the Issuer, the holder of such Program Securities would not be entitled to any additional amounts with 
respect to such Program Securities as a result of such deduction or withholding under the Terms and 
Conditions. 
Income Taxation 
Program Securities held as Private Assets by a Swiss resident Holder 
Structured Securities 
If a Program Security classifies as a structured security, i.e. as derivative financial instrument(s) with a 
bond-like prefunding component embedded therein, its income taxation depends on whether (i) the 
embedded bond component and the embedded derivative financial instrument(s) are reported separately 
from each other, or, if the Program Security is a standard product, alternatively the values of the embedded 
bond component and the embedded derivative financial instrument(s) can at any time be determined 
analytically by using standard valuation programmes, and (ii) the Program Security classifies as a structured 
product with or without a predominant one-time interest payment: 
Non-transparent derivative financial instruments: If the embedded bond is not recorded separately from 
the embedded derivative financial instrument(s) and if the conditions for analytical determination of the 
values of the embedded bond and the embedded derivative financial instrument(s) set forth above do not 
apply, then the Program Security classifies as non-transparent structured security and any return over the 
initial investment classifies as a taxable interest payment. Non-transparent derivative financial instruments 
generally include a predominant one-time interest payment and are taxed in accordance with the principles

--- Page 992 ---
Swiss Taxation 
 
 
992 
 
 
set forth below under "—Transparent derivative financial instruments with a predominant one-time interest 
payment". 
Transparent derivative financial instruments without a predominant one-time interest payment: If the 
embedded bond is recorded separately from the embedded derivative financial instrument(s) or if the values 
of the embedded bond and the embedded derivative financial instrument(s) can be determined analytically 
as set forth above and if the yield-to-maturity predominantly derives from periodic interest payments and 
not from a one-time-interest-payment such as an original issue discount or a repayment premium (see below 
"—Transparent derivative financial instruments with a predominant one-time interest payment"), then a 
person who is an individual resident in Switzerland holding such a Program Security as a private asset is 
required to include any periodic and one-time interest payments received on the Program Security, 
converted in each case into Swiss Francs at the exchange rate prevailing at the time of payment, in his or 
her personal income tax return for the relevant tax period and will be taxable on any net taxable income 
(including such amounts) for the relevant tax period. Option premium received, and a gain, including in 
respect of interest accrued, a loss, respectively, realised on the sale of such a Program Security is a tax-free 
private capital gain, a non-tax-deductible private capital loss, respectively. 
Transparent derivative financial instruments with a predominant one-time interest payment: If the 
embedded bond is recorded separately from the embedded derivative financial instrument(s) or if the values 
of the embedded bond and the embedded derivative financial instrument(s) can be determined analytically 
as set forth above and if the yield-to-maturity predominantly derives from a one-time-interest-payment such 
as an original issue discount or a repayment premium and not from periodic interest payments, then a person 
who is an individual resident in Switzerland holding such a Program Security as a private asset, is required 
to include any periodic interest payments received on the Program Security and, in addition, any amount 
equal to the difference between the value of the Program Security at redemption or sale, as applicable, and 
its value at issuance or secondary market purchase, as applicable, and converted in each case into Swiss 
Francs at the exchange rate prevailing at the time of sale or redemption, issuance or purchase, respectively, 
in his or her personal income tax return for the relevant tax period and will be taxable on any net taxable 
income (including such amounts, i.e., including, inter alia, any gain in respect of interest accrued or foreign 
exchange rate) for the relevant tax period. Any compensation received by such a holder for the embedded 
derivative, i.e., option premium received, and any residual gain, and a loss, respectively, realised on the 
sale of such a Program Security is a tax-free private capital gain, a non-tax-deductible private capital loss, 
respectively. However, notwithstanding the foregoing, such a holder may offset any decrease in value 
realised by him or her within the same taxation period on sale or redemption of such a Program Security 
against any gain (including periodic interest payments) realised by him or her from other securities with a 
predominant one-time interest payment. 
Bonds 
Bonds without a predominant one-time interest payment: If a Program Security classifies as a pure bond 
without a predominant one-time interest payment (i.e., the yield-to-maturity of which predominantly 
derives from periodic interest payments and not from a one-time-interest-payment such as an original issue 
discount or a repayment premium), then a person who is an individual resident in Switzerland holding such 
a Program Security as a private asset is required to include any periodic and one-time interest payments 
received on such Program Security, converted into Swiss Francs at the exchange rate prevailing at the time 
of payment, in his or her personal income tax return for the relevant tax period and will be taxable on any 
net taxable income (including such amounts) for the relevant tax period. A gain, including, inter alia, in 
respect of interest accrued or foreign exchange rate, a loss, respectively, realised on the sale of such a 
Program Security is a tax-free private capital gain, a non-tax-deductible private capital loss, respectively. 
Bonds with a predominant one-time interest payment: If a Program Security classifies as a pure bond with 
a predominant one-time interest payment (the yield-to-maturity of which predominantly derives from a 
one-time-interest-payment such as an original issue discount or a repayment premium and not from periodic 
interest payments), then a person who is an individual resident in Switzerland holding such a Program 
Security as a private asset, is required to include any periodic interest payments received on the Program 
Security and, in addition, any amount equal to the difference between the value of the Program Security at 
redemption or sale, as applicable, and its value at issuance or secondary market purchase, as applicable, 
and converted in each case into Swiss Francs at the exchange rate prevailing at the time of sale or 
redemption, issuance or purchase, respectively, in his or her personal income tax return for the relevant tax 
period and will be taxable on any net taxable income (including such amounts, i.e., including, inter alia, 
any gain in respect of interest accrued or foreign exchange rate) for the relevant tax period. Such a holder 
may offset any decrease in value realised by him or her within the same taxation period on sale or

--- Page 993 ---
Swiss Taxation 
 
 
993 
 
 
redemption of such a Program Security against any gain (including periodic interest payments) realised by 
him or her from other securities with a predominant one-time interest payment. 
Pure Derivative Financial Instruments  
A capital gain realised by an individual on the sale or redemption of a Program Security which classifies as 
a pure derivative financial instrument (such as pure call and put options, pure futures, static certificates 
replicating an index or a basket of at least five shares and with a fixed maturity or an annual redemption 
right and discount certificates with a maturity not exceeding twelve months) and which is held as part of 
the individual's private assets is a tax-free private capital gain. Conversely, a capital loss realised on the 
sale or redemption of such a Program Security cannot be set off against taxable income. Dividend 
equalisation payments on such a Program Security constitute taxable investment income. 
Low Exercise Price Warrants  
A fully pre-funded call option with a term of not more than one year classifies as pure derivative financial 
instrument (see taxation treatment above "Pure Derivative Financial Instruments"). If the term of a call 
option exceeds one year and the instrument underlying the call option is pre-financed by 50 per cent. or 
more at the time of issuance then the interest component embedded in such an instrument (i.e., issue 
discount) constitutes taxable interest income (see taxation treatment above "Structured Securities". 
Fund-like Securities 
A Program Security which is classified as a fund-like instrument will be considered a pass-through 
instrument for Swiss tax purposes if dividend and interest income (less attributable costs) from, and capital 
gains and losses (less costs attributable) realised on, the underlying investments, are reported and distributed 
separately. Under such conditions, an individual holding a fund-like Program Security as part of his or her 
private assets receives taxable income (which he or she must report annually) over such portion of 
distributions (in case the fund is distributing the income realised on the underlying investments) or earnings 
credits (in case the fund is reinvesting the income realised on the underlying investment) as derive from 
dividends and interest (less attributable costs) on the underlying instruments. Any distributions or credits 
deriving from capital gains realised on the underlying investments constitute a tax-free private capital gain, 
and any respective loss is a non-tax-deductible private capital loss. Any gain realised within a taxation 
period on the sale of a fund-like Program Security (including accrued dividends and interest) is exempt 
from income taxation as a private capital gain, and, conversely, any loss realised on such a Program Security 
a non-tax-deductible capital loss. 
Program Securities held as Assets of a Swiss Business  
Corporate entities and individuals who hold Program Securities as part of a trade or business in Switzerland, 
in the case of residents abroad carried on through a permanent establishment or a fixed place of business in 
Switzerland, are required to recognise any payments on, and any capital gains or losses realised on the sale 
or redemption of, such Program Securities (irrespective of their classification) in their income statement for 
the respective taxation period and will be taxed on any net taxable earnings for such period. 
The same taxation treatment also applies to Swiss-resident individuals who, for income tax purposes, are 
classified as "professional securities dealers" for reasons of, inter alia, frequent dealing and leveraged 
investments in securities. 
Capital Gains 
Program Securities held as Private Assets by a Swiss resident Holder 
A gain, a loss, respectively, realised by an individual resident in Switzerland for tax purposes upon the sale 
or other disposal of a Program Security held as part of his or her private assets is a tax-free private capital 
gain, or a non-tax deductible capital loss, respectively, unless such individual is classified, for income tax 
purposes, as a "professional securities dealer" for reasons of, inter alia, frequent dealing and leveraged 
investments in securities. If an individual is classified as "professional securities dealer" he or she will be 
taxed in accordance with the principles set forth above under "—Income Taxation, —Program Securities 
held as Assets of a Swiss Business". Concerning the bifurcation of a tax-exempt capital gain component, or 
a non-tax deductible capital loss component, respectively, from taxable income components of a Program 
Security see the bifurcation principles set forth above with regard to the different instruments under "—
Income Taxation, —Program Securities held as Private Assets by a Swiss resident Holder"). 
Program Securities held as Assets of a Swiss Business

--- Page 994 ---
Swiss Taxation 
 
 
994 
 
 
Capital gains realised on Program Securities held as Assets of a Swiss Business are taxed in accordance 
with the taxation principles set forth above under "—Income Taxation, —Program Securities held as Assets 
of a Swiss Business"). 
Swiss Federal Stamp Taxes 
The issuance of Program Securities on the Issue Date (primary market) is exempt from Swiss federal 
securities turnover tax (Umsatzabgabe), except that the issuance of Program Securities which are classified 
as fund-like instruments may be subject to Swiss federal securities turnover tax of up to 0.3 per cent. on the 
offering price, however, only if a Swiss securities dealer (as defined in the Swiss federal stamp tax act) is 
a party or an intermediary to the transaction and, additionally, if no exemption applies. 
Dealings in Program Securities (secondary market) which classify as pure derivative financial instruments 
(such as pure call and put options, including low exercise price options with a maturity not exceeding twelve 
months, pure futures with a maximal pre-financing of 25 per cent., fully-funded Program Securities 
statically replicating an index or a basket of at least five shares and with a fixed maturity or an annual 
redemption right) are exempt from Swiss federal securities turnover tax. Dealings in other Program 
Securities may be subject to Swiss federal securities turnover tax of up to 0.3 per cent. on the consideration 
paid, however, only if a Swiss securities dealer (as defined in the Swiss federal stamp tax act) is a party or 
an intermediary to the transaction and, additionally, if no exemption applies. 
The physical settlement of a security at exercise or redemption to the holder of the Program Security may 
be subject to Swiss federal securities turnover tax of 0.3 per cent. in case a security issued by an issuer 
outside Switzerland is delivered and of 0.15 per cent. in case a security issued by a Swiss domestic issuer 
is delivered, however, in each case, only if a Swiss domestic securities dealer (as defined in the Swiss 
federal stamp tax act) is a party or an intermediary to the delivery and, additionally, if no exemption applies. 
Gift, Inheritance and Estate Taxes  
Subject to an applicable tax treaty in an international situation, transfers of Program Securities may be 
subject to cantonal and/or communal inheritance tax, estate tax or gift tax if the deceased person has had 
his or her last domicile in Switzerland, the donor is resident in Switzerland, respectively, or in the case of 
a foreign deceased or resident person the transfer involves an unincorporated business in Switzerland and 
Program Securities are held as part of such business. No such taxes exist at the federal level. Rates depend 
upon the existing relationship (i.e. the relationship between the deceased and the heirs, or between the donor 
and the donee) and the size of the inheritance or gift. Interspousal gifts and gifts to descendants and 
inheritances collected by the surviving spouse and descendants are frequently exempt or taxed at low rates 
(up to 6 per cent.). Gifts and inheritances received from unrelated persons attract rates ranging from 20 per 
cent. to 40 per cent. The taxable base is usually the market value of the property transferred. 
Net Worth and Capital Taxes  
A holder of Program Securities who is an individual resident in Switzerland for tax purposes or is a non-
Swiss resident holding Program Securities as part of a Swiss business operation or a Swiss permanent 
establishment is required to report Program Securities as part of private wealth or as part of Swiss business 
assets, as the case may be, and is subject to annual cantonal and/or communal private wealth tax on any net 
taxable wealth (including the Program Securities), in the case of a non-Swiss resident individual holding 
Program Securities as part of a Swiss business operation or a Swiss permanent establishment to the extent 
the aggregate taxable wealth is allocable to Switzerland. Incorporated holders of Program Securities are 
subject to cantonal and communal capital tax on net taxable equity, in the case of non-Swiss resident person 
holding Program Securities as part of a Swiss permanent establishment, to the extent the aggregate taxable 
equity is allocable to Switzerland. No net worth and capital taxes are levied at the federal level. 
Non-Swiss resident Holders 
A holder of a Program Security who is not resident in Switzerland and who during the taxation year has not 
engaged in a trade or business carried on through a permanent establishment or fixed place of business in 
Switzerland will in respect of such Program Security not be subject to income tax in Switzerland.

--- Page 995 ---
Proposed Financial Transaction Tax 
 
 
995 
 
PROPOSED FINANCIAL TRANSACTION TAX  
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the "Commission's Proposal") for 
a directive for a common financial transactions tax (the "FTT") in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, 
Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (the "participating Member States"). 
However, Estonia has since stated that it will not participate.  
The Commission's Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in the 
Securities (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. Primary market transactions 
referred to in Article 5(c) of Regulation (EC) No 1287/2006 are expected to be exempt.  
Under the Commission's Proposal the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and 
outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the Program 
Securities where at least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a 
participating Member State. A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, "established" in a 
participating Member State in a broad range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person 
established in a participating Member State; or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the 
dealings is issued in a participating Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between the participating Member States. It may 
therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional EU 
Member States may decide to participate. Prospective holders of the Program Securities are advised to seek 
their own professional advice in relation to the FTT. 
If, on or after the Trade Date, due to the implementation of the proposed Financial Transaction Tax or 
otherwise by the adoption of or any change in any applicable law or regulation (including, without 
limitation, any law or regulation implementing a system of financial transaction tax in any jurisdiction, 
including the European Union, relating to any tax payable in respect of the transfer of, or entry into or 
modification or unwind of, any financial instruments), the Issuer determines that it (directly or through an 
Affiliate) would incur or has incurred a materially increased amount of tax, transfer tax, duty, stamp duty, 
stamp duty reserve tax, expense or fee (other than brokerage commissions) in relation to its obligations 
under the Program Securities or its related hedge positions ("Additional Tax"), the Issuer may (if the 
Conditions of the Program Securities so allow) adjust the Conditions of the Program Securities to reduce 
the amount otherwise payable under the Program Securities to holders of such securities in order to pass on 
to the holders of such securities the full amount of such Additional Tax incurred by the Issuer directly or 
through such Affiliate.

--- Page 996 ---
Subscription and Sale 
 
 
996 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Each Issuer is offering the Securities on a continuing basis through MSI plc of 25 Cabot Square, Canary 
Wharf, London E14 4QA (which may act in whole or in part through an affiliate thereof) (Legal Entity 
Identifier: 4PQUHN3JPFGFNF3BB653) (the "Distribution Agent"), who has agreed to use reasonable 
efforts to solicit, directly or through an affiliate, offers to purchase the Securities. Each Issuer will have the 
sole right to accept offers to purchase Securities and may reject any offer in whole or in part. The 
Distribution Agent will have the right to reject any offer to purchase Securities solicited by it in whole or 
in part. Each Issuer may pay the Distribution Agent, in connection with sales of the Securities resulting 
from a solicitation the Distribution Agent made or an offer to purchase received by the Distribution Agent, 
a commission, which may be in the form of a discount from the purchase price if the Distribution Agent is 
purchasing the Securities for its own account. 
Each Issuer may also sell Securities to the Distribution Agent as principal for its own account at a price to 
be agreed upon at the time of sale. The Distribution Agent may resell any Securities it purchases as principal 
at prevailing market prices, or at other prices, as the Distribution Agent determines. 
The arrangements for the offer and sale of the Securities from time to time are set out in the Regulation S 
Distribution Agreement dated on or about 17 July 2013, as last modified and restated on 16 July 2021 (as 
modified and restated from time to time, the "Distribution Agreement") among Morgan Stanley, MSI plc, 
MSBV, MSFL and the Distribution Agent. Pursuant to the Distribution Agreement, Morgan Stanley, MSI 
plc, MSBV, MSFL and the Distribution Agent have agreed to indemnify each other against certain 
liabilities, or to contribute payments made in respect thereof. Morgan Stanley, MSI plc, MSBV and MSFL 
have also agreed to reimburse the Distribution Agent for certain expenses. The Distribution Agreement 
makes provision for the appointment of additional Distribution Agents who may agree to become bound 
by its terms (either in relation to the Securities generally or in relation to a particular Series of Securities) 
in an accession letter provided by each such additional Distribution Agent to the Issuers. 
In order to facilitate the offering of the Securities, the Distribution Agent may engage in transactions that 
stabilise, maintain or otherwise affect the price of the Securities or any other securities the prices of which 
may be used to determine payments on those Securities. Specifically, the Distribution Agent may over allot 
in connection with any offering of the Securities, creating a short position in the Securities for their own 
accounts. In addition, to cover overallotments or to stabilise the price of the Securities or of any other 
securities, the Distribution Agent may bid for, and purchase, Securities or any other securities in the open 
market. Finally, in any offering of the Securities through a syndicate of underwriters, the underwriting 
syndicate may reclaim selling concessions allowed to an underwriter or a dealer for distributing the 
Securities in the offering if the syndicate repurchases previously distributed Securities in transactions to 
cover syndicate short positions, in stabilisation transactions or otherwise. Any of these activities may 
stabilise or maintain the market price of the Securities above independent market levels. The Distribution 
Agent is not required to engage in these activities and may end any of these activities at any time. 
United States of America  
The Securities, any interest therein and any Guarantee in respect thereof, and the securities to be delivered 
on exercise or redemption of the Securities (if any), have not been and will not be registered under the 
Securities Act or the securities laws of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States and are subject to 
U.S. tax law requirements. None of the Issuers or the Guarantor are registered or will register under the 
Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. Trading in the Securities has not been approved by the U.S. 
Commodity Futures Trading Commission pursuant to the Commodity Exchange Act of 1936, as amended. 
The Securities, any interest therein and any Guarantee in respect thereof, and the securities to be delivered 
on exercise or redemption of the Securities (if any), may not be offered, sold, pledged, assigned, delivered 
or otherwise transferred, exercised or redeemed at any time, directly or indirectly, within the United States 
or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. Persons (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act 
("Regulation S")). Each Distribution Agent (1) has acknowledged that the Securities, any interest therein 
and any Guarantee in respect thereof, and the securities to be delivered on exercise or redemption of the 
Securities (if any), have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or the securities laws 
of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States, and the Securities are not being offered, sold, pledged, 
assigned, delivered or otherwise transferred, exercised or redeemed and may not be offered, sold, pledged, 
assigned, delivered or otherwise transferred, exercised or redeemed at any time, directly or indirectly, 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. Persons; (2) has represented, as a 
condition to acquiring any interest in the Securities, that neither it nor any persons on whose behalf or for 
whose account or benefit the Securities are being acquired is a U.S. Person, that it is not located in the 
United States, and was not solicited to purchase Securities while present in the United States; (3) has agreed

--- Page 997 ---
Subscription and Sale 
 
 
997 
 
not to offer, sell, pledge, assign, deliver or otherwise transfer, exercise or redeem any of the Securities at 
any time, directly or indirectly, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, any U.S. 
Person and that hedging transactions involving any "equity securities" of "domestic issuers" (as such terms 
are defined in the Securities Act and regulations thereunder) may be conducted only in accordance with the 
Securities Act; (4) has agreed that any hedging transactions involving "equity securities" of "domestic 
issuers" (as such terms are defined in the Securities Act and regulations thereunder) will be conducted only 
in accordance with the Securities Act and (5) has agreed that, at or prior to confirmation of sale of any 
Securities (whether upon original issuance or in any secondary transaction), it will have sent to each 
distributor, dealer or person receiving a selling concession, fee or other remuneration that purchases 
Securities from it a written notice containing language substantially the same as the foregoing. As used 
herein, "United States" means the United States of America (including the states and the District of 
Columbia), its territories and possessions. 
In addition, the Distribution Agents have represented and agreed that they have not offered or sold 
Securities and any Guarantee in respect thereof and will not offer or sell Securities and any Guarantee in 
respect thereof at any time except in accordance with Rule 903 of Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Accordingly, the Distribution Agents have represented and agreed that neither they, their affiliates (if any) 
nor any person acting on behalf of any of them has engaged or will engage in any directed selling efforts 
with respect to Securities and any Guarantee in respect thereof, and they have all complied and will comply 
with the offering restrictions requirements of Regulation S. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings 
given to them in Regulation S. 
An offer or sale of Securities within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the 
offering of such Securities) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
European Economic Area 
In relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area (each, a "Relevant Member State"), the 
Distribution Agent has represented and agreed, and each further Distribution Agent appointed under the 
Distribution Agreement will be required to represent and agree, in relation to each Tranche of Securities, 
that it has not made and will not make an offer of Securities which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Issue Terms in relation thereto (or are the subject 
of the offering contemplated by a Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) to the public in that Relevant 
Member State except that it may make an offer of such Securities to the public in that Relevant Member 
State: 
(a) 
if the Issue Terms or Drawdown Prospectus in relation to the Securities specify that an offer of 
those Securities may be made other than pursuant to Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation in 
that Relevant Member State (a "Non-exempt Offer"), following the date of publication of a 
prospectus in relation to such Securities which has been approved by the competent authority in 
that  Relevant Member State or, where appropriate, approved in another Relevant Member State 
and notified to the competent authority in that Relevant Member State, provided that any such 
prospectus which is not a Drawdown Prospectus has subsequently been completed by the Issue 
Terms contemplating such Non-exempt Offer, in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, in 
the period beginning and ending on the dates specified in such prospectus or Issue Terms, as 
applicable and the Issuer has consented in writing to its use for the purpose of that Non-exempt 
Offer; 
(b) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(c) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
the Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the Distribution Agent 
nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(d) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Securities referred to in (b) to (d) above shall require the relevant Issuer or 
any Distribution Agent to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation, or 
supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Securities to the public" in relation to any 
Securities in any Relevant Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Securities to be offered so as to enable an investor

--- Page 998 ---
Subscription and Sale 
 
 
998 
 
to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Securities and the expression "Prospectus Regulation" means 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Issue Terms in respect of any Securities specifies the "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors" as "Not Applicable", each Distribution Agent has represented and agreed, and each further 
Distribution Agent appointed under the Program will be required to represent and agree, that it has not 
offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Securities 
which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Issue Terms 
in relation thereto to any retail investor in the EEA. For the purposes of this provision: 
(A) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(1) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(2) a customer within the meaning of the Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(3) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and 
(B) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Securities to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Securities. 
United Kingdom 
In relation to each Tranche of Securities, the Distribution Agent has represented and agreed, subscribing 
for or purchasing such Securities, and each further Distribution Agent appointed under the Distribution 
Agreement will be required to represent and agree, with, the relevant Issuer and, if the Securities are issued 
by MSBV or MSFL, the Guarantor that: 
(a) 
Securities with maturities of less than one year:  in relation to any Securities which have a 
maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, 
holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its 
business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Securities other than to 
persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable 
to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the 
purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Securities would otherwise constitute a 
contravention of Section 19 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 ("FSMA") by the 
Issuer or the Guarantor, if applicable; 
(b) 
Financial promotion:  it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only 
communicate or cause to be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment 
activity (within the meaning of Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the 
issue or sale of any Securities in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not 
apply to the Issuer or the Guarantor, if applicable; and 
(c) 
General compliance:  it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA 
and the Financial Conduct Authority Handbook with respect to anything done by it in relation to 
any Securities in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom; and 
(d) 
Commissions and fees:  
(i) 
if it is distributing Securities that are "retail investment products" (as such term is defined 
in the Financial Conduct Authority Handbook) into the United Kingdom and it is entitled 
to receive any commission or fee from the Issuer, it will not transfer any part of that 
commission or fee to any third party who may advise retail investors to purchase a 
Security that is a retail investment product; and 
(ii) 
if it is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority to provide investment 
advice to retail investors in the United Kingdom and it is providing advice to retail 
investors in respect of a Security that is a retail investment product, it undertakes not to 
request any commission or fee from the Issuer and to otherwise reject any such payment

--- Page 999 ---
Subscription and Sale 
 
 
999 
 
offered to it other than in circumstances where the Issuer has agreed to facilitate the 
payment of an advisory fee and has the express consent of the retail investor to do so.   
The Distribution Agent has represented and agreed, and each further Distribution Agent appointed under 
the Distribution Agreement will be required to represent and agree, in relation to each Tranche of Securities, 
that it has not made and will not make an offer of Securities which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Issue Terms in relation thereto (or are the subject 
of the offering contemplated by a Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) to the public in the United 
Kingdom except that it may make an offer of such Securities to the public in the United Kingdom: 
(a)  
if the Issue Terms or Drawdown Prospectus in relation to the Securities specify that an offer of 
those Securities may be made other than pursuant to section 86 of the FSMA (a "Public Offer"), 
following the date of publication of a prospectus in relation to such Securities which has been 
approved by the Financial Conduct Authority, provided that any such prospectus which is not a 
Drawdown Prospectus has subsequently been completed by the Issue Terms contemplating such 
Public Offer, in the period beginning and ending on the dates specified in such prospectus or Issue 
Terms, as applicable, and the Issuer has consented in writing to its use for the purpose of that 
Public Offer; 
(b)  
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the UK Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(c)  
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior 
consent of the Distribution Agent nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(d)  
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA,  
provided that no such offer of Securities referred to in (b) to (d) above shall require the relevant Issuer or 
any Distribution Agent to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA, or supplement a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Securities to the public" in relation to any 
Securities means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms 
of the offer and the Securities to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe 
for the Securities and the expression "UK Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as 
it forms part of "retained EU law", as defined in the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the 
"EUWA"). 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Issue Terms in respect of any Securities specifies the "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors" as "Not Applicable", each Distribution Agent has represented and agreed, and each further 
Distribution Agent appointed under the Program will be required to represent and agree, that it has not 
offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Securities 
which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Issue Terms 
in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For the purposes of this provision: 
(A) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(1) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of "retained EU law", as defined in the EUWA; or 
(2) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of "retained EU law", as defined in the EUWA; or 
(3) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part 
of "retained EU law", as defined in the EUWA; and

--- Page 1000 ---
Subscription and Sale 
 
 
1000 
 
(B) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Securities to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Securities. 
Austria  
In addition to the provisions of the selling restriction for European Economic Area Member States 
(including Austria) and subject to the section "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" above, in 
relation to each Tranche of Securities, the Distribution Agent has represented and agreed, subscribing for 
or purchasing such Securities, and each further Distribution Agent appointed under the Distribution 
Agreement will be required to represent and agree, with, the relevant Issuer and, if the Securities are issued 
by MSBV or MSFL, the Guarantor that it will only offer, sell or otherwise make available, directly or 
indirectly, any Securities which are the subject of the offering contemplated by the Base Prospectus as 
completed by the Issue Terms in relation thereto in the Republic of Austria and will only distribute or 
publish this Base Prospectus or any other offering material or advertisement relating to any Securities in 
Austria in compliance with all laws, regulations and guidelines applicable in or promulgated by the relevant 
Austrian governmental and regulatory authorities and in effect at the relevant time, including the Austrian 
Securities Supervision Act 2018 (Wertpapieraufsichtsgesetz 2018), the Austrian Capital Market Act 2019 
(Kapitalmarktgesetz 2019) as well as the Austrian Alternative Investment Fund Managers Act 2013 
(Alternative Investmentfonds Manager-Gesetz 2013), each as amended and supplemented from time to 
time. 
Belgium – Prohibition of sales to consumers 
Unless the relevant Issue Terms in respect of any Securities specifies the "Supplementary Provisions for 
Belgian Securities" as "Applicable", each Distribution Agent has represented and agreed, and each further 
Distribution Agent appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not 
offered or sold or otherwise made available and it that will not offer or sell or otherwise make available the 
Securities to "consumers" (consumenten/consommateurs) within the meaning of the Belgian Code of 
Economic Law (Wetboek economisch recht/Code de droit économique). 
The Securities shall not be physically delivered in Belgium, except to a clearing system, a depositary or 
other institution for the purpose of their immobilisation in accordance with article 4 of the Belgian Law of 
14 December 2005. 
Finland  
The Distribution Agent has confirmed and agreed and each further Distribution Agent appointed by the 
Issuers under the Program will be required to confirm and agree that it will not publicly offer the Securities 
or bring the Securities into general circulation in Finland other than in compliance with all applicable 
provisions of the laws of Finland and especially in compliance with the Finnish Securities Market Act 
(arvopaperimarkkinalaki, 746/2012) and the Prospectus Regulation, and any regulation or rule made 
thereunder, as supplemented and amended from time to time. 
France  
The Distribution Agent has represented and agreed and each further Distribution Agent appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent and agree that: 
(a) 
Offers to the public in France not exempted from the obligation to publish a prospectus: 
it has only made and will only make an offer, directly or indirectly, of Securities to the public in 
France in the period beginning on the date of notification to the Autorité des marchés financiers 
("AMF") of the approval of a prospectus relating to those Securities by the competent authority of 
a member state of the European Economic Area, other than the AMF, and ending at the latest on 
the date which is 12 months after the date of the approval of this Base Prospectus, all in accordance 
with the Prospectus Regulation and any applicable French law and regulation; or 
 
(b) 
Offers addressed solely to qualified investors in France: 
it has only offered or sold and will only offer or sell, directly or indirectly, any Securities in France 
to, and it has only distributed or caused to be distributed and will only distribute or cause to be 
distributed in France, this Base Prospectus, the relevant Issue Terms or any other offering or 
marketing material relating to the Securities to qualified investors as defined in Article 2(e) of the 
Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 1001 ---
Subscription and Sale 
 
 
1001 
 
 
Ireland  
In relation to each Tranche of Securities, the Distribution Agent subscribing for or purchasing such 
Securities has represented to, warranted and agreed with, or will represent to, warrant and agree with, the 
Issuer and the Guarantor that: 
(a) 
it will not underwrite the issue of, or place the Securities, otherwise than in conformity than with 
the provisions of the European Union (Markets in Financial Instruments) Regulations 2017 (as 
amended) (the "MiFID II Regulations") including, without limitation, Regulation 5 (Requirement 
for Authorisation (and certain provisions concerning MTFS and OTFS)) thereof, or any rules or 
codes of conduct made under the MiFID II Regulations and the provisions of the Investor 
Compensation Act 1998 (as amended); 
(b) 
it will not underwrite the issue of, or place, the Securities, otherwise than in conformity with the 
provisions of the Companies Act 2014 of Ireland (as amended, the "Irish Companies Act")  Irish 
Central Bank Acts 1942 – 2018 (as amended) and any codes of conduct rules made under Section 
117(1) of the Central Bank Act 1989 (as amended) or section 48 of the Central Bank (Supervision 
and Enforcement) Act 2013; 
(c) 
it will not underwrite the issue of, place or otherwise act in Ireland in respect of the Securities, 
otherwise than in conformity with the provisions of the Market Abuse Regulation (EU 596/2014) 
(as amended), the European Union (Market Abuse) Regulations 2016 (as amended) and any rules 
and guidance issued by the Central Bank of Ireland under Section 1370 of the Irish Companies 
Act;  
(d) 
the Prospectus Regulation, the European Union (Prospectus) Regulations 2019 of Ireland and any 
rules and guidance issued under Section 1363 of the Irish Companies Act by the Central Bank of 
Ireland; and 
(e) 
any issue of the Securities with a legal maturity of less than one year will be carried out in strict 
compliance with the Central Bank of Ireland's implementation notice for credit institutions BSD 
C 01/02 of 12 November 2002 (as may be amended, replaced or up-dated) and issued pursuant to 
Section 8(2) of the Irish Central Bank Act, 1971 (as amended). 
Norway 
In addition to the provisions of the selling restriction for European Economic Area Member States 
(including Norway) and subject to the section "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" above, the 
Distribution Agent represents and agrees that it will not, directly or indirectly, offer for subscription or 
purchase or issue invitations to subscribe for or buy or sell Securities or distribute any draft or definitive 
document in relation to any such offer, invitation or sale in Norway or to Norwegian residents except in 
compliance with Norwegian laws and regulations, including but not limited to section 16-2 of the 
Norwegian Financial Institutions Regulations (Norwegian: finansforetaksforskriften) of 9 December 2016 
no. 1502, as amended, regarding sale of structured products. 
Portugal 
The Distribution Agent has represented and agreed, and each and any additional distribution agent 
appointed under the Distribution Agreement will be required to represent and agree, that the Securities may 
not be and will not be offered to the public in Portugal or under circumstances which are deemed to be a 
public offer under the Portuguese Securities Code ("Código dos Valores Mobiliários") enacted by Decree-
Law no. 486/99 of 13 November, 1999, as amended, unless the requirements and provisions applicable to 
the public offerings in Portugal are met and registration, filing, approval or recognition procedure with the 
Portuguese Securities Exchange Commission ("Comissão do Mercado de Valores Mobiliários", "CMVM") 
is made. In particular, the offer of new securities might be made through a private placement ("oferta 
particular"), in accordance with the relevant provisions of the Portuguese Securities Code, exclusively to 
professional investors ("investidores profissionais") within the meaning of Article 30 of the Portuguese 
Securities Code, and/or to 149 or fewer non-qualified investors. In addition, the Distribution Agent has 
represented and agreed, and each and any additional distribution agent appointed under the Distribution 
Agreement will be required to represent and agree, that (i) no action has been or will be taken as to directly 
or indirectly offer, advertise, market, invite to subscribe, gather investment intentions, sell, re-sell, re-offer

--- Page 1002 ---
Subscription and Sale 
 
 
1002 
 
or deliver any Securities in circumstances which could qualify as a public offer ("oferta pública") of 
securities pursuant to the Portuguese Securities Code, notably in circumstances which could qualify as a 
public offer addressed to individuals or entities resident in Portugal or having permanent establishment 
located in Portuguese territory, as the case may be; and (ii) no action has been or will be taken as to 
distribute, make available or cause to be distributed the Base Prospectus or any other offering material 
relating to the Securities to the public in Portugal, other than in compliance with all applicable provisions 
of the Portuguese Securities Code, the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980, any applicable 
CMVM regulations and all relevant Portuguese securities laws and regulations, in any such case that may 
be applicable to it in respect of any offer or sale of Securities in Portugal or to individuals or entities resident 
in Portugal or having permanent establishment located in Portuguese territory, as the case may be, including 
the rules and regulations that require the publication of a prospectus, when applicable, and that any 
placement of the Securities shall only be authorized and performed to the extent that there is full compliance 
with such laws and regulations. 
Republic of Italy 
Unless specified in the relevant Issue Terms that a Non-exempt Offer may be made in Republic of Italy, 
the offering of the Securities has not been registered with the Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la 
Borsa ("CONSOB") pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, accordingly, the Distribution Agent has 
represented and agreed that, save as set out below, it has not offered or sold, and will not offer or sell, any 
Securities in the Republic of Italy in an offer to the public and that sales of the Securities in the Republic 
of Italy shall be effected in accordance with all Italian securities, tax and exchange control and other 
applicable laws and regulation. 
Accordingly, the Distribution Agent has represented and agreed that it will not offer, sell or deliver any 
Securities or distribute copies of this Base Prospectus (including the applicable Issue Terms) and any other 
document relating to the Securities in the Republic of Italy except: 
(1) 
to "qualified investors", pursuant to Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation; or 
(2) 
that it may offer, sell or deliver Securities or distribute copies of the Base Prospectus (including 
the applicable Issue Terms) in an offer to the public if the Issue Terms in relation to the Securities 
specify that a Non-exempt Offer may be made in the Republic of Italy, provided that the Base 
Prospectus (including the applicable Issue Terms) has been notified to CONSOB, all in accordance 
with the Prospectus Regulation and the applicable Italian laws, in the period beginning and ending 
on the dates specified in the applicable Issue Terms; or 
(3) 
in any other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to 
Article 1 of the Prospectus Regulation, Article 100 of Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 
1998, as amended (the "Decree No. 58"), Article 34-ter of CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of 14 
May 1999, as amended from time to time, and the applicable Italian laws. 
Any such offer, sale or delivery of the Securities or distribution of copies of the Base Prospectus (including 
the applicable Issue Terms) or any other document relating to the Securities in the Republic of Italy must 
be: 
(a) 
made by investment firms, banks or financial intermediaries permitted to conduct such activities 
in the Republic of Italy in accordance with Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993 as 
amended (the "Banking Act"), Decree No. 58, CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February  
2018, as amended and any other applicable laws and regulations;  
(b) 
in compliance with Article 129 of the Banking Act, as amended, and the implementing guidelines 
of the Bank of Italy, as amended from time to time, with regard, inter alia, to the reporting 
obligations required; and 
(c) 
in compliance with any other applicable requirement or limitation which may be imposed by 
CONSOB or the Bank of Italy or other Italian authority. 
Provisions relating to the secondary market in Italy 
Investors should also note that, in any subsequent distribution of the Securities in the Republic of Italy, 
Article 5 of the Prospectus Regulation and Article 100-bis of Decree No. 58 may require compliance with

--- Page 1003 ---
Subscription and Sale 
 
 
1003 
 
the law relating to public offers of securities. Furthermore, where the Securities are placed solely with 
"qualified investors" and are then systematically ("sistematicamente") resold on the secondary market at 
any time in the 12 months following such placing, purchasers of Securities who are acting outside of the 
course of their business or profession may in certain circumstances be entitled to declare such purchase 
void and, in addition, to claim damages from any authorised person at whose premises the Securities were 
purchased, unless an exemption provided for under the Prospectus Regulation and Decree No. 58 applies. 
Spain 
The Securities may not be listed, offered, sold or distributed in Spain nor any document or offer material 
be distributed in Spain or targeted at Spanish resident investors, except in accordance with the requirements 
set out in the Prospectus Regulation and any other related regulations that may be in force from time to 
time in Spain, including, among others, Royal Legislative Decree 4/2015 of 23 October of the Securities 
Markets (Real Decreto Legislativo 4/2015, de 23 de octubre, por el que se aprueba el texto refundido de la 
Ley del Mercado de Valores) as amended and restated and Royal Decree 1310/2005 of 4 November on 
admission to trading of securities in official secondary markets, public offerings and prospectus (Real 
Decreto 1310/2005 de 4 de noviembre, por el que se desarrolla parcialmente la Ley 24/1988, de 28 de 
julio, de Mercado de Valores, en materia de admisión a negociación de valores en mercados secundarios 
oficiales, de ofertas públicas de venta o suscripción y del folleto exigible a tales efectos) as amended and 
restated.   
Sweden 
The Distribution Agent has represented and agreed, and each further Distribution Agent appointed under 
the Program will be required to represent and agree, that no offer will be made to the public in Sweden 
unless it is in compliance with the Prospectus Regulation and the Swedish Act (2019:414) with 
supplementary provisions to the Prospectus Regulation as amended and/or replaced. 
Switzerland 
The Securities must not be offered in Switzerland and each offeror of Securities represents and agrees that 
it has not made and will not make an offer of the Securities to the public in Switzerland, except that the 
Securities may be offered and an offeror may make an offer of the Securities to the public in Switzerland: 
(a) 
if the relevant Final Terms in respect of any Securities specifies the "Prohibition of Offer to Private 
Clients in Switzerland" to be "Not Applicable" and consent has been granted to its use for the 
purpose of such offer to the public in accordance with Article 36(4) FinSA and Article 45 Financial 
Services Ordinance ("FinSO"); 
(b) 
 in any circumstances falling within the exemptions listed in Article 36(1) of the Financial Services 
Act ("FinSA"); or 
(c)  
where such offer does not qualify as a public offer in Switzerland, 
provided that no offer of Securities referred to in (2) and (3) above shall require the Issuer or any offeror to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 35 FinSA. For the purposes of this provision, the expression "offer 
to the public" refers to the respective definitions in Article 3(g) and (h) FinSA and as further detailed in the 
FinSO and provided that a key information document under article 58 FinSA (Basisinformationsblatt für 
Finanzinstrumente) or article 59 para. 2 FinSA in respect of the Securities is published. 
The Netherlands 
For selling restrictions in respect of The Netherlands, see "European Economic Area" and "Prohibition of 
Sales to EEA Retail Investors" above and in addition: 
Regulatory capacity to offer Securities in The Netherlands: The Distribution Agent, and each further 
Distribution Agent appointed under the Distribution Agreement, which did and does not have the requisite 
Dutch regulatory capacity to make offers or sales of financial instruments in The Netherlands has 
represented and agreed respectively will be required to represent and agree with the Issuers that it has not 
offered or sold and will not offer or sell any of the Securities of the relevant Issuer in The Netherlands, 
other than through one or more investment firms acting as principals and having the Dutch regulatory 
capacity to make such offers or sales.

--- Page 1004 ---
Subscription and Sale 
 
 
1004 
 
If the Issue Terms in respect of any Securities specifies the "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" 
as "Not Applicable", each Distribution Agent has represented and agreed, and each further Distribution 
Agent appointed under the Program will be required to represent and agree, that the Securities (or any 
interest therein) may not be offered to the public in the Netherlands in reliance on Article 1(4) of the 
Prospectus Regulation unless (a) such offer was or is made exclusively to persons or entities which are 
qualified investors as defined in the Prospectus Regulation or (b) each such Security has a minimum 
denomination (in the case of notes) or unit value (in the case of certificates) in excess of EUR 100,000 (or 
the equivalent thereof in non-Euro currency) and subject to compliance with the relevant requirements 
under Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014. 
Specific Dutch selling restriction for Zero Coupon Securities: Zero Coupon Securities issued by MSBV 
in bearer form and other Securities issued by MSBV in bearer form on which no interest is paid during their 
tenor may fall within the definition of savings certificates as referred to in the Dutch Savings Certificates 
Act (Wet inzake spaarbewijzen) and if so any transfer or acceptance, directly or indirectly, within, from or 
into The Netherlands of such Securities issued by MSBV is prohibited unless it is done through the 
mediation of either MSBV or a member of Euronext Amsterdam N.V., and certain identification 
requirements in relation to the issue, transfer of or payment on Securities issued by MSBV qualifying as 
savings certificates have to be complied with. The above prohibition does not apply (i) to a transfer and 
acceptance of such Securities issued by MSBV between individuals who do not act in the conduct of a 
profession or a business; (ii) to the initial issue and trading of such Securities by MSBV to the first holders 
thereof; and (iii) to the issue and trading of such Securities by MSBV if such Securities issued by MSBV 
are physically issued outside of The Netherlands and are not immediately thereafter distributed in The 
Netherlands or to residents of The Netherlands in the course of primary trading.

--- Page 1005 ---
No Ownership by U.S. Persons 
 
 
1005 
 
NO OWNERSHIP BY U.S. PERSONS 
The Securities may not be legally or beneficially owned by U.S. Persons at any time.  The term "U.S. 
Person" will have the meaning ascribed to it in Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Each purchaser of Securities, by accepting delivery of this Base Prospectus or the Securities, will be deemed 
to have represented, agreed and acknowledged that: 
(a) 
it is, or at the time such Securities are purchased will be, the beneficial owner of such Securities 
and it is not, and is not acting for the account or benefit of, a U.S. Person and it is located outside 
the United States and was not solicited to purchase such Securities while present in the United 
States; 
(b) 
such Securities, any interest therein and any Guarantee in respect thereof, and the securities to be 
delivered on exercise or redemption of the Securities (if any), have not been and will not be 
registered under the Securities Act or the securities laws of any state or other jurisdiction of the 
United States, are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold, pledged, 
assigned, delivered or otherwise transferred, exercised or redeemed at any time, directly or 
indirectly, except to a person that is not a U.S. Person (within the meaning of Regulation S) in an 
"offshore transaction" in accordance with Rule 903 or Rule 904 of Regulation S, in each case in 
accordance with all applicable securities laws of any state of the United States and any other 
applicable jurisdiction and it will provide notice of the foregoing transfer restriction to any 
subsequent transferee; 
(c) 
such Securities will bear a legend substantially to the following effect: 
"THIS SECURITY HAS NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE "SECURITIES ACT"), OR ANY 
SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION OF THE UNITED 
STATES; AND IS SUBJECT TO U.S. TAX LAW REQUIREMENTS. THIS SECURITY MAY 
NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD OR DELIVERED AT ANY TIME, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, 
WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OF, U.S. PERSONS (AS 
DEFINED IN REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT)."  
and 
(d) 
the Issuers, the Guarantor, the Registrar, the Distribution Agents and their affiliates, and others 
will rely upon the truth and accuracy of the foregoing acknowledgments, representations and 
agreements.

--- Page 1006 ---
Form of Guarantee 
 
 
1006 
 
FORM OF GUARANTEE 
THIS GUARANTEE is made on [●] 2022 by MORGAN STANLEY, a corporation incorporated under 
the laws of the State of Delaware (the "Guarantor" or "Morgan Stanley"). 
WHEREAS: 
(A) 
The Guarantor, Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc ("MSI plc"), Morgan Stanley B.V. 
("MSBV") and Morgan Stanley Finance LLC ("MSFL") have established a Regulation S Program 
(the "Program") for the Issuance of Notes (“Notes”) and Certificates (“Certificates”), Series A 
and Series B ("Securities issued under the Program") and Warrants ("Warrants", together with 
the Securities issued under the Program, the "Program Securities").  
(B) 
Securities issued under the Program may be issued: (i) under the issue and paying agency 
agreement dated [●] 2022 (as from time to time further modified and/or restated, the "Issue and 
Paying Agency Agreement") between (amongst others) MSBV, MSFL, MSI plc, the Guarantor 
and The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch; (ii) as securities in dematerialised and 
uncertificated book-entry form with a Nordic central securities depositary ("Nordic Securities") 
under the issuing and paying agent agreement dated 11 April 2016 between Skandinaviska 
Enskilda Banken AB (publ), MSI plc and MSBV  (as from time to time further modified and/or 
restated the "SEB Issuing and Paying Agent Agreement") and, in the case of either (i) or (ii), 
with the benefit of either a deed of covenant dated 17 July 2013 entered into by MSBV, a deed 
of covenant dated 17 July 2013 entered into by MSI plc, a deed of covenant dated 17 July 2013 
entered into by Morgan Stanley or a deed of covenant dated 21 October 2016 entered into by 
MSFL, as applicable; or (iii) under the Euroclear agreement dated [●] 2022 (as from time to time 
further modified and/or restated, the "Euroclear Agreement") between (amongst others) 
MSBV, MSI plc,  the Guarantor and Computershare Investor Services (Guernsey) Limited. 
(C) 
Securities issued under the Program as are issued by MSBV or MSFL (each an "Issuer") under 
the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement, the SEB Issuing and Paying Agent Agreement (in respect 
of MSBV only) or the Euroclear Agreement (in respect of MSBV only) (together the "Relevant 
Securities") will have the benefit of this Guarantee (subject as provided below). For the avoidance 
of doubt, Program Securities which are not Relevant Securities will not have the benefit of this 
Guarantee. 
THE GUARANTOR HEREBY guarantees unconditionally and irrevocably the payment obligations 
under the terms of the Relevant Securities issued by MSBV and MSFL on or after the date hereof (the 
"Guaranteed Securities"). 
If the Guaranteed Securities are held by a common depository or common safekeeper for Euroclear Bank 
S.A./N.V. (the "Euroclear Operator"), Clearstream Banking, société anonyme ("Clearstream, 
Luxembourg") or such other clearing system as specified in the applicable final terms ("Final Terms") 
or pricing supplement ("Pricing Supplement") (or, if applicable, any relevant drawdown prospectus 
("Drawdown Prospectus")) with respect to any series of Guaranteed Securities, the Guarantor covenants 
to each person who is for the time being shown in the records of the relevant clearing system or registrar 
as the holder of a principal amount (in the case of notes) or number (in the case of certificates) of the 
Guaranteed Securities (the "Accountholders") that it shall make such payments under this Guarantee and 
acknowledges that the Accountholders may take proceedings to enforce this Guarantee directly against 
the Guarantor. The holders of the Guaranteed Securities from time to time and the Accountholders are 
referred to herein as the Holders. References to the Euroclear Operator, Clearstream or any other clearing 
system shall include their respective successors and assigns. 
The Guarantor hereby agrees that it shall not be necessary, as a condition to enforce this guarantee, that 
suit be first instituted against the applicable Issuer or that any rights or remedies against such Issuer be 
first exhausted. Rather, it is understood and agreed that the liability of the Guarantor hereunder shall be 
primary, direct, and in all respects, unconditional. The obligations of the Guarantor under this Guarantee 
constitute direct, unconditional and unsecured obligations of the Guarantor and rank without preference 
among themselves and, subject as aforesaid, pari passu with all other outstanding unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Guarantor, present and future, but, in the event of insolvency, only to 
the extent permitted by laws affecting creditors' rights. 
The Guarantor shall be fully liable as if it were the principal debtor under the Guaranteed Securities 
whether any time has been granted to the applicable Issuer, whether the obligations of the Issuer under

--- Page 1007 ---
Form of Guarantee 
 
 
1007 
 
the Guaranteed Securities have ceased to exist pursuant to bankruptcy, corporate reorganization or other 
similar event, whether the applicable Issuer has been dissolved or liquidated or consolidated or has 
changed or lost its corporate identity and whether or not any other circumstances have occurred which 
might otherwise constitute a legal or equitable discharge of or defense to a guarantor. 
If any moneys shall become payable by the Guarantor under this Guarantee, the Guarantor shall not for 
so long as the same remain unpaid in respect of any amount paid by it under this Guarantee exercise any 
right or subrogation in relation to the applicable Issuer or any other right or remedy which may accrue to 
it in respect of or as a result of any such payment. 
The Guarantee of the Guarantor provided in respect of Guaranteed Securities of an Issuer will terminate 
upon the merger of such Issuer with and into the Guarantor. 
All payments pursuant to this Guarantee will be made without withholding or deduction for any taxes, 
duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatsoever nature imposed, levied collected, withheld or 
assessed by the United States of America, or any political subdivision or any authority thereof having power 
to tax unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. The Guarantor shall not be required to make 
any additional payments on account of such withholding or deduction (except with respect to any additional 
payments required to be made by any Issuer under the Program). If the Guarantor becomes subject at any 
time to any taxing jurisdiction other than the United States of America, references in the Guarantee to the 
United States shall be construed as references to such other jurisdiction. 
This guarantee shall be governed and construed in accordance with New York law, without regard to the 
conflict of laws principles. 
This guarantee shall expire and is no longer effective once all amounts payable on or in respect of the 
Guaranteed Securities has been paid in full. 
Dated as of [●] 2022 
MORGAN STANLEY 
By: 
……………………………………………. 
Name: [⚫] 
Title: [⚫]

--- Page 1008 ---
Important Legal Information 
 
 
1008 
 
IMPORTANT LEGAL INFORMATION 
1. 
Offering through Distribution Agent 
Each Issuer is offering the Securities on a continuing basis through MSI plc (which may act in 
whole or in part through an affiliate thereof) (the "Distribution Agent"), which has agreed to use 
reasonable efforts to solicit, directly or through an affiliate, offers to purchase the Securities.  Each 
Issuer may also sell Securities to the Distribution Agent as principal for its own account at a price 
to be agreed upon at the time of sale.  The Distribution Agent may resell any Securities it purchases 
as principal at prevailing market prices, or at other prices, as it determines.  Each Issuer or the 
Distribution Agent may reject any offer to purchase Securities, in whole or in part.  See section 
entitled "Subscription and Sale" above. 
2. 
Credit Ratings 
Securities may or may not be rated. Any credit rating applied for in relation to an issue of Securities 
will be specified in the applicable Issue Terms. Whether or not such credit ratings applied for will 
be issued by a credit rating agency established in the European Union and registered under 
Regulation 1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 September 2009 on 
credit rating agencies (the "CRA Regulation") will be disclosed in the Issue Terms. In general, 
European regulated issuers are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating 
is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the European Economic Area ("EEA") and 
registered under the CRA Regulation unless (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency 
operating in the EEA before 7 June 2010 which has submitted an application for registration in 
accordance with the CRA Regulation and such registration has not been refused, or (2) the rating 
is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA but is endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established in the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation, or (3) the rating is 
provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA which is certified under the CRA 
Regulation.  This Base Prospectus includes details of the long-term and short-term credit ratings 
assigned to Morgan Stanley by DBRS, Inc. ("DBRS"), Fitch Ratings, Inc. ("Fitch"), Moody's 
Investors Service, Inc. ("Moody's"), Rating and Investment Information, Inc. ("R&I") and 
Standard & Poor's Financial Services LLC through its business unit Standard & Poor's Global 
Ratings ("S&P"). The list of credit rating agencies registered under the CRA Regulation (as 
updated from time to time) is published on the website of the European Securities and Markets 
Authority (https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk).  
None of DBRS, Fitch, Moody's and S&P is established in the EEA or has applied for registration 
under the CRA Regulation. However, their respective affiliates are established in the EEA and 
registered under the CRA Regulation. Such affiliates endorse the ratings of DBRS, Fitch, Moody's 
and S&P for use for regulatory purposes in the EEA.  
R&I is not incorporated in the EEA and is not registered under the CRA Regulation in the EU. 
Notwithstanding the sub-section "Credit Ratings" in the "Information about Morgan Stanley" 
section of the Registration Document (as supplemented from time to time) incorporated by 
reference herein, the credit rating of Morgan Stanley's short-term and long-term debt is (i) R-1 
(middle) and A (high), with a stable outlook, by DBRS, (ii) F1 and A, with a positive outlook, by 
Fitch, (iii) P-1 and A1, with a stable outlook, by Moody's, (iv) a-1 and A, with a stable outlook, 
by R&I; and (v) A-2 and A- with a stable outlook, by S&P. 
Notwithstanding the sub-section "Credit Ratings" in the "Information about Morgan Stanley & 
Co. International plc" section of the Registration Document (as supplemented from time to time) 
incorporated by reference herein, the credit rating of MSI plc's short-term and long-term debt is (i) 
P-1 and Aa3, with a stable outlook, by Moody's and (ii) A1 and A+, with a stable outlook, by S&P.  
MSBV is not rated.  
Notwithstanding the sub-section "Credit Ratings" in the "Information about Morgan Stanley 
Finance LLC" section of the Registration Document (as supplemented from time to time) 
incorporated by reference herein, the credit rating of MSFL's long-term debt is (i) A1, with a stable 
outlook, by Moody’s, (ii) A-, with a stable outlook, by S&P and (iii) A, with a stable outlook, by 
Fitch.

--- Page 1009 ---
Important Legal Information 
 
 
1009 
 
3. 
Different base prospectuses 
This document comprises four base prospectuses. 
Morgan Stanley Base Prospectus 
The Morgan Stanley base prospectus (the "Morgan Stanley Base Prospectus") will comprise this 
Base Prospectus with the exception of (A) information incorporated by reference herein from the 
Registration Document (as defined in "Incorporation by Reference" above) (as supplemented from 
time to time) entitled (i) Description of Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc at pages 62-66 of 
the Registration Document (as supplemented from time to time), (ii) Description of Morgan 
Stanley B.V. at pages 67-70 of the Registration Document (as supplemented from time to time), 
(iii) Description of Morgan Stanley Finance LLC at pages 71-73 of the Registration Document (as 
supplemented from time to time) and (B) items 7-12 incorporated by reference herein in the section 
entitled "Incorporation by Reference" above. 
MSI plc Base Prospectus 
The MSI plc base prospectus (the "MSI plc Base Prospectus") will comprise this Base Prospectus 
with the exception of (A) information incorporated by reference herein from the Registration 
Document (as supplemented from time to time) entitled (i) Description of Morgan Stanley at pages 
35-61 of the Registration Document (as supplemented from time to time), (ii) Description of 
Morgan Stanley B.V. at pages 67-70 of the Registration Document (as supplemented from time to 
time), (iii) Description of Morgan Stanley Finance LLC at pages 71-73 of the Registration 
Document (as supplemented from time to time) and (iv) Subsidiaries of Morgan Stanley as of 31 
December 2020 at page 74 of the Registration Document (as supplemented from time to time) and 
(B) items 3-6 and items 9-12 incorporated by reference herein in the section entitled "Incorporation 
by Reference" above. 
MSBV Base Prospectus 
The MSBV base prospectus (the "MSBV Base Prospectus") will comprise this Base Prospectus 
with the exception of (A) information incorporated by reference herein from the Registration 
Document (as supplemented from time to time) entitled (i) Description of Morgan Stanley at pages 
35-61 of the Registration Document (as supplemented from time to time), (ii) Description of 
Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc at pages 62-66 of the Registration Document (as 
supplemented from time to time), (iii) Description of Morgan Stanley Finance LLC at pages 71-
73 of the Registration Document (as supplemented from time to time) and (iv) Subsidiaries of 
Morgan Stanley as of 31 December 2020 at page 74 of the Registration Document (as 
supplemented from time to time) and (B) items 3-8 and items 11-12 incorporated by reference 
herein in the section entitled "Incorporation by Reference" above.  
MSFL Base Prospectus 
The MSFL base prospectus (the "MSFL Base Prospectus") will comprise this Base Prospectus 
with the exception of (A) information incorporated by reference herein from the Registration 
Document (as supplemented from time to time) entitled (i) Description of Morgan Stanley at pages 
35-61 of the Registration Document (as supplemented from time to time), (ii) Description of 
Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc at pages 62-66 of the Registration Document (as 
supplemented from time to time), (iii) Description of Morgan Stanley B.V. at pages 71-73 of the 
Registration Document (as supplemented from time to time) and (iv) Subsidiaries of Morgan 
Stanley as at 31 December 2020 at page 74 of the Registration Document (as supplemented from 
time to time) and (B) items 3-10 incorporated by reference herein in the section entitled 
"Incorporation by Reference" above.  
4. 
Responsibility Statements 
Morgan Stanley accepts responsibility for information contained in the Morgan Stanley Base 
Prospectus and the information relating to itself, to its guarantee of the obligations of MSBV 
contained in the MSBV Base Prospectus and to its guarantee of the obligations of MSFL contained 
in the MSFL Base Prospectus. MSI plc accepts responsibility for information contained in the MSI 
plc Base Prospectus. MSBV accepts responsibility for information contained in the MSBV Base

--- Page 1010 ---
Important Legal Information 
 
 
1010 
 
Prospectus. MSFL accepts responsibility for information contained in the MSFL Base Prospectus.  
To the best of the knowledge and belief of each of Morgan Stanley, MSI plc, MSBV and MSFL, 
the information for which it accepts responsibility as aforesaid is in accordance with the facts and 
does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such information. 
In respect of a Non-exempt Offer, the above paragraph is subject to the conditions and disclaimer 
of responsibility in certain circumstances as provided in "Consent to the Use of the Base 
Prospectus in Connection with Non-exempt Offers" above. 
5. 
Supplement 
This Base Prospectus must be read and construed together with any supplements hereto and with 
any information incorporated by reference herein and, in relation to any Tranche of Securities 
which is the subject of Issue Terms, must be read and construed together with the relevant Issue 
Terms.  In the case of a Tranche of Securities which is the subject of a Drawdown Prospectus, 
each reference in this Base Prospectus to information being specified or identified in the relevant 
Issue Terms shall be read and construed as a reference to such information being specified or 
identified in the relevant Drawdown Prospectus unless the context requires otherwise. 
6. 
No information or representatives outside offer 
No person has been authorised by any of Morgan Stanley, MSI plc, MSBV or MSFL to give any 
information or to make any representation not contained or incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus, and, if given or made, that information or representation should not be relied upon as 
having been authorised by Morgan Stanley, MSI plc, MSBV or MSFL.  Neither the delivery of 
this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Securities will, in any circumstances, 
create any implication that the information contained in this Base Prospectus is true subsequent to 
the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently supplemented 
or that there has been no adverse change in the financial situation of any of Morgan Stanley, MSI 
plc, MSBV or MSFL since the date hereof or, as the case may be, the date upon which this Base 
Prospectus has been most recently supplemented or the balance sheet date of the most recent 
financial statements which have been incorporated into this Base Prospectus by way of a 
supplement to this Base Prospectus, or that any other information supplied from time to time is 
correct at any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated 
in the document containing the same.  Investors should review, inter alia, the most recent financial 
statements of Morgan Stanley, MSI plc, MSBV and/or MSFL (as applicable) when evaluating any 
Securities or an investment therein (such financial statements shall not form a part of this Base 
Prospectus unless they have been expressly incorporated herein, including by way of a supplement 
to this Base Prospectus). 
The Issuers do not intend to provide post-issuance information in respect of the Securities except 
if required by any applicable laws or regulations. 
7. 
No or limited secondary market 
Potential investors should be willing to hold the Securities until maturity.  The nature and extent 
of any secondary market in the Securities cannot be predicted and there may be little or no 
secondary market in the Securities.  If MSI plc or other affiliate does make a market for the 
Securities, it may cease to do so at any time. 
8. 
Offering and distribution restrictions and disclaimers 
Subject to the restrictions set out in this Base Prospectus, the categories of potential investors to 
which the Securities are offered are retail and institutional investors. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering, sale and delivery of Securities in certain 
jurisdictions may be restricted by law.  Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus comes 
are required by Morgan Stanley, MSI plc, MSBV and MSFL to inform themselves about and to 
observe those restrictions. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Issue Terms or Drawdown Prospectus constitutes an offer of 
or an invitation to subscribe for or purchase any Securities and should not be considered as a

--- Page 1011 ---
Important Legal Information 
 
 
1011 
 
recommendation by any of Morgan Stanley, MSI plc, MSBV, MSFL or the Distribution Agent 
that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Issue Terms or Drawdown Prospectus should 
subscribe for or purchase any Securities.  Each recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Issue Terms 
or Drawdown Prospectus will be taken to have made its own investigation and appraisal of the 
condition (financial or otherwise) of Morgan Stanley, MSI plc, MSBV or MSFL (as applicable) 
and of the particular terms of any offered Securities. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Issue Terms or Drawdown Prospectus may be used for the 
purpose of an offer or solicitation by anyone in any jurisdiction in which that offer or solicitation 
is not authorised or to any person to whom it is unlawful to make such an offer or solicitation. For 
a description of certain restrictions on offer, sales and deliveries of Securities and on the 
distribution of this Base Prospectus or any Issue Terms and other offering material relating to the 
Securities, see "Subscription and Sale" below. 
9. 
Issuances under the 17 July 2013 English Law Note Conditions  
In the case of any issue of Notes in respect of which the relevant Final Terms provide that the 
17 July 2013 English Law Note Conditions apply, such Notes will be documented using the 
relevant July 2013 Form of Final Terms (incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus), 
save that the first paragraph under the section entitled "Contractual Terms" of the July 2013 Form 
of Final Terms shall be deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following:  
"This document constitutes Final Terms relating to the issue of Notes described herein.  Terms 
used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 17 July 2013 (the "Original Base Prospectus"). 
This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 
8 of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the base prospectus dated 15 
July 2022 [and the supplement[s] dated [][,[] … []] to the Base Prospectus] which [together] 
constitute[s] a base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2017/1129) (the "Prospectus Regulation"). Full information on the 
Issuer[, the Guarantor] and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination 
of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus, save in respect of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes which are extracted from the Original Base Prospectus and which are incorporated by 
reference into the Base Prospectus.  [However, a summary of the Issue is annexed to these Final 
Terms.] 1 Copies of the Base Prospectus [and any supplement(s) thereto] and the Original Base 
Prospectus are available from the offices of Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc at 25 Cabot 
Square, 
Canary 
Wharf, 
London, 
E14 
4QA 
[and 
on 
the 
Issuers' 
website 
at 
http://sp.morganstanley.com/EU/Documents] and copies of the Base Prospectus [, any 
supplement(s) thereto] and the Original Base Prospectus and these Final Terms are available on 
the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange at www.bourse.lu." 
10. 
Issuances under the 30 August 2013 English Law Note Conditions  
In the case of any issue of Notes in respect of which the relevant Final Terms provide that the 
30 August 2013 English Law Note Conditions apply, such Notes will be documented using the 
relevant August 2013 Form of Final Terms (incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus), 
save that the first paragraph under the section entitled "Contractual Terms" of the August 2013 
Form of Final Terms shall be deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following:  
"This document constitutes Final Terms relating to the issue of Notes described herein.  Terms 
used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 17 July 2013 and the supplement dated 30 
August 2013 to the Base Prospectus (the "Original Base Prospectus"). This document constitutes 
the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus 
Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the base prospectus dated 15 July 2022 [and the 
supplement[s] dated [][,[] … []] to the Base Prospectus] which [together] constitute[s] a base 
prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129) (the "Prospectus Regulation"). Full information on the Issuer[, the Guarantor] 
and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms 
 
1 
Insert if Securities are Notes with denominations lower than EUR 100,000.

--- Page 1012 ---
Important Legal Information 
 
 
1012 
 
and the Base Prospectus, save in respect of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes which are 
extracted from the Original Base Prospectus and which are incorporated by reference into the 
Base Prospectus.  [However, a summary of the Issue is annexed to these Final Terms.] 2 Copies of 
the Base Prospectus [and any supplement(s) thereto] and the Original Base Prospectus are 
available from the offices of Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc at 25 Cabot Square, Canary 
Wharf, 
London, 
E14 
4QA 
[and 
on 
the 
Issuers' 
website 
at 
http://sp.morganstanley.com/EU/Documents] and copies of the Base Prospectus [, any 
supplement(s) thereto] and the Original Base Prospectus and these Final Terms are available on 
the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange at www.bourse.lu." 
11. 
Issuances under the 16 December 2013 English Law Note Conditions 
In the case of any issue of Notes in respect of which the relevant Final Terms provide that the 16 
December 2013 English Law Note Conditions apply, such Notes will be documented using the 
relevant December 2013 Form of Final Terms (incorporated by reference into this Base 
Prospectus), save that the first paragraph under the section entitled "Contractual Terms" of the 
December 2013 Form of Final Terms shall be deleted in its entirety and replaced with the 
following:  
"This document constitutes Final Terms relating to the issue of Notes described herein.  Terms 
used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 16 December 2013 (the "Original Base 
Prospectus"). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the 
purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the base 
prospectus dated 15 July 2022 [and the supplement[s] dated [][,[] … []] to the Base Prospectus] 
which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") for the purposes of the 
Prospectus Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2017/1129) (the "Prospectus Regulation"). Full 
information on the Issuer[, the Guarantor] and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis 
of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus, save in respect of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes which are extracted from the Original Base Prospectus and which are 
incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus.  [However, a summary of the Issue is annexed 
to these Final Terms.] 3 Copies of the Base Prospectus [and any supplement(s) thereto] and the 
Original Base Prospectus are available from the offices of Morgan Stanley & Co. International 
plc at 25 Cabot Square, Canary Wharf, London, E14 4QA [and on the Issuers' website at 
http://sp.morganstanley.com/EU/Documents] and copies of the Base Prospectus [, any 
supplement(s) thereto] and the Original Base Prospectus and these Final Terms are available on 
the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange at www.bourse.lu." 
12. 
Issuances under the 16 December 2014 English Law Note Conditions 
In the case of any issue of Notes in respect of which the relevant Final Terms provide that the 16 
December 2014 English Law Note Conditions apply, such Notes will be documented using the 
relevant December 2014 Form of Final Terms or the relevant May 2015 Form of Final Terms 
(each incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus) as applicable, save that the first 
paragraph under the section entitled "Contractual Terms" of the December 2014 Form of Final 
Terms or the May 2015 Form of Final Terms, as applicable, shall be deleted in its entirety and 
replaced with the following:  
"This document constitutes Final Terms relating to the issue of Securities described herein.  Terms 
used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions 
of the Securities set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 16 December 2014 (the "Original Base 
Prospectus"). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Securities described herein for the 
purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the base 
prospectus dated 15 July 2022 [and the supplement[s] dated [][,[] … []] to the Base Prospectus] 
which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") for the purposes of the 
Prospectus Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2017/1129) (the "Prospectus Regulation"). Full 
information on the Issuer[, the Guarantor] and the offer of the Securities is only available on the 
 
2 
Insert if Securities are Notes with denominations lower than EUR 100,000. 
3 
Insert if Securities are Notes with denominations lower than EUR 100,000.

--- Page 1013 ---
Important Legal Information 
 
 
1013 
 
basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus, save in respect of the 
Terms and Conditions of the Securities which are extracted from the Original Base Prospectus 
and which are incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus.  [However, a summary of the 
Issue is annexed to these Final Terms.] 4 Copies of the Base Prospectus [and any supplement(s) 
thereto] and the Original Base Prospectus are available from the offices of Morgan Stanley & Co. 
International plc at 25 Cabot Square, Canary Wharf, London, E14 4QA [and on the Issuers' 
website at http://sp.morganstanley.com/EU/Documents] and copies of the Base Prospectus [, any 
supplement(s) thereto] and the Original Base Prospectus and these Final Terms are available on 
the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange at www.bourse.lu." 
13. 
Issuances under the 15 December 2015 English Law Note Conditions 
In the case of any issue of Notes in respect of which the relevant Final Terms provide that the 15 
December 2015 English Law Note Conditions apply, such Notes will be documented using the 
relevant December 2015 Form of Final Terms (incorporated by reference into this Base 
Prospectus), save that the first paragraph under the section entitled "Contractual Terms" of the 
December 2015 Form of Final Terms shall be deleted in its entirety and replaced with the 
following:  
"This document constitutes Final Terms relating to the issue of Notes described herein.  Terms 
used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 15 December 2015 (the "Original Base 
Prospectus"). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the 
purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the base 
prospectus dated 15 July 2022 [and the supplement[s] dated [][,[] … []] to the Base Prospectus] 
which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") for the purposes of the 
Prospectus Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2017/1129) (the "Prospectus Regulation"). Full 
information on the Issuer[, the Guarantor] and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis 
of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus, save in respect of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes which are extracted from the Original Base Prospectus and which are 
incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus.  [However, a summary of the Issue is annexed 
to these Final Terms.] 5 Copies of the Base Prospectus [and any supplement(s) thereto] and the 
Original Base Prospectus are available from the offices of Morgan Stanley & Co. International 
plc at 25 Cabot Square, Canary Wharf, London, E14 4QA [and on the Issuers' website at 
http://sp.morganstanley.com/EU/Documents] and copies of the Base Prospectus [, any 
supplement(s) thereto] and the Original Base Prospectus and these Final Terms are available on 
the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange at www.bourse.lu." 
14. 
Issuances under the 21 October 2016 English Law Note Conditions 
In the case of any issue of Notes in respect of which the relevant Final Terms provide that the 21 
October 2016 English Law Note Conditions apply, such Notes will be documented using the 
relevant October 2016 Form of Final Terms or the relevant December 2016 Form of Final Terms 
(each incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus) as applicable, save that the first 
paragraph under the section entitled "Contractual Terms" of the October 2016 Form of Final Terms 
or the December 2016 Form of Final Terms, as applicable, shall be deleted in its entirety and 
replaced with the following: 
"This document constitutes Final Terms relating to the issue of Notes described herein.  Terms 
used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 21 October 2016 (the "Original Base 
Prospectus"). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the 
purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the base 
prospectus dated 15 July 2022 [and the supplement[s] dated [][,[] … []] to the Base Prospectus] 
which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") for the purposes of the 
Prospectus Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2017/1129) (the "Prospectus Regulation"). Full 
information on the Issuer[, the Guarantor] and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis 
 
4 
Insert if Securities are Notes with denominations lower than EUR 100,000. 
5 
Insert if Securities are Notes with denominations lower than EUR 100,000.

--- Page 1014 ---
Important Legal Information 
 
 
1014 
 
of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus, save in respect of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes which are extracted from the Original Base Prospectus and which are 
incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus.  [However, a summary of the Issue is annexed 
to these Final Terms.] 6 Copies of the Base Prospectus [and any supplement(s) thereto] and the 
Original Base Prospectus are available from the offices of Morgan Stanley & Co. International 
plc at 25 Cabot Square, Canary Wharf, London, E14 4QA [and on the Issuers' website at 
http://sp.morganstanley.com/EU/Documents] and copies of the Base Prospectus [, any 
supplement(s) thereto] and the Original Base Prospectus and these Final Terms are available on 
the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange at www.bourse.lu." 
15. 
Issuances under the 10 October 2017 English Law Note Conditions 
In the case of any issue of Notes in respect of which the relevant Final Terms provide that the 10 
October 2017 English Law Note Conditions apply, such Notes will be documented using the 
relevant October 2017 Form of Final Terms (incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus), 
save that the first paragraph under the section entitled "Contractual Terms" of the October 2017 
Form of Final Terms shall be deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following: 
"This document constitutes Final Terms relating to the issue of Notes described herein.  Terms 
used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 10 October 2017 (the "Original Base 
Prospectus"). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the 
purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the base 
prospectus dated 15 July 2022 [and the supplement[s] dated [][,[] … []] to the Base Prospectus] 
which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") for the purposes of the 
Prospectus Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2017/1129) (the "Prospectus Regulation"). Full 
information on the Issuer[, the Guarantor] and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis 
of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus, save in respect of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes which are extracted from the Original Base Prospectus and which are 
incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus.  [However, a summary of the Issue is annexed 
to these Final Terms.]   Copies of the Base Prospectus [and any supplement(s) thereto] and the 
Original Base Prospectus are available from the offices of Morgan Stanley & Co. International 
plc at 25 Cabot Square, Canary Wharf, London, E14 4QA [and on the Issuers' website at 
http://sp.morganstanley.com/EU/Documents] and copies of the Base Prospectus [, any 
supplement(s) thereto] and the Original Base Prospectus and these Final Terms are available on 
the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange at www.bourse.lu." 
16. 
Issuances under the 9 October 2018 English Law Note Conditions 
In the case of any issue of Notes in respect of which the relevant Final Terms provide that the 9 
October 2018 English Law Note Conditions apply, such Notes will be documented using the 
relevant October 2018 Form of Final Terms (incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus), 
save that the first paragraph under the section entitled "Contractual Terms" of the October 2018 
Form of Final Terms shall be deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following: 
"This document constitutes Final Terms relating to the issue of Notes described herein. Terms 
used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 9 October 2018 (the "Original Base 
Prospectus"). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the 
purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the base 
prospectus dated 15 July 2022 [and the supplement[s] dated [][,[] … []] to the Base Prospectus] 
which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") for the purposes of the 
Prospectus Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2017/1129) (the "Prospectus Regulation"). Full 
information on the Issuer[, the Guarantor] and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis 
of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus, save in respect of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes which are extracted from the Original Base Prospectus and which are 
incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus.  [However, a summary of the Issue is annexed 
to these Final Terms.]   Copies of the Base Prospectus [and any supplement(s) thereto] and the 
Original Base Prospectus are available from the offices of Morgan Stanley & Co. International 
 
6 
Insert if Securities are Notes with denominations lower than EUR 100,000.

--- Page 1015 ---
Important Legal Information 
 
 
1015 
 
plc at 25 Cabot Square, Canary Wharf, London, E14 4QA [and on the Issuers' website at 
http://sp.morganstanley.com/EU/Documents] and copies of the Base Prospectus [, any 
supplement(s) thereto] and the Original Base Prospectus and these Final Terms are available on 
the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange at www.bourse.lu." 
17. 
Issuances under the 25 January 2019 English Law Note Conditions 
In the case of any issue of Notes in respect of which the relevant Final Terms provide that the 25 
January 2019 English Law Note Conditions apply, such Notes will be documented using the 
relevant January 2019 Form of Final Terms (incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus), 
save that the first paragraph under the section entitled "Contractual Terms" of the January 2019 
Form of Final Terms shall be deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following: 
"This document constitutes Final Terms relating to the issue of Notes described herein. Terms 
used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 9 October 2018 and the supplement dated 25 
January 2019 to the Base Prospectus (the "Original Base Prospectus"). This document constitutes 
the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus 
Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the base prospectus dated 15 July 2022 [and the 
supplement[s] dated [][,[] … []] to the Base Prospectus] which [together] constitute[s] a base 
prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129) (the "Prospectus Regulation"). Full information on the Issuer[, the Guarantor] 
and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms 
and the Base Prospectus, save in respect of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes which are 
extracted from the Original Base Prospectus and which are incorporated by reference into the 
Base Prospectus.  [However, a summary of the Issue is annexed to these Final Terms.]   Copies of 
the Base Prospectus [and any supplement(s) thereto] and the Original Base Prospectus are 
available from the offices of Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc at 25 Cabot Square, Canary 
Wharf, 
London, 
E14 
4QA 
[and 
on 
the 
Issuers' 
website 
at 
http://sp.morganstanley.com/EU/Documents] and copies of the Base Prospectus [, any 
supplement(s) thereto] and the Original Base Prospectus and these Final Terms are available on 
the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange at www.bourse.lu." 
18. 
Issuances under the 21 March 2019 English Law Note Conditions 
In the case of any issue of Notes in respect of which the relevant Final Terms provide that the 21 
March 2019 English Law Note Conditions apply, such Notes will be documented using the 
relevant January 2019 Form of Final Terms (incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus), 
save that the first paragraph under the section entitled "Contractual Terms" of the January 2019 
Form of Final Terms shall be deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following: 
"This document constitutes Final Terms relating to the issue of Notes described herein. Terms 
used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 9 October 2018 and the supplements dated 25 
January 2019 and 21 March 2019 (the "Original Base Prospectus"). This document constitutes 
the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus 
Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the base prospectus dated 15 July 2022 [and the 
supplement[s] dated [][,[] … []] to the Base Prospectus] which [together] constitute[s] a base 
prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129) (the "Prospectus Regulation"). Full information on the Issuer[, the Guarantor] 
and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms 
and the Base Prospectus, save in respect of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes which are 
extracted from the Original Base Prospectus and which are incorporated by reference into the 
Base Prospectus.  [However, a summary of the Issue is annexed to these Final Terms.]   Copies of 
the Base Prospectus [and any supplement(s) thereto] and the Original Base Prospectus are 
available from the offices of Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc at 25 Cabot Square, Canary 
Wharf, 
London, 
E14 
4QA 
[and 
on 
the 
Issuers' 
website 
at 
http://sp.morganstanley.com/EU/Documents] and copies of the Base Prospectus [, any 
supplement(s) thereto] and the Original Base Prospectus and these Final Terms are available on 
the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange at https://www.bourse.lu/."

--- Page 1016 ---
Important Legal Information 
 
 
1016 
 
19. 
Issuances under the 16 July 2019 English Law Note Conditions 
(a) 
In the case of any issue of Notes in respect of which the relevant Final Terms provide that the 16 
July 2019 English Law Note Conditions apply, such Notes will be documented using the relevant 
July 2019 Form of Final Terms (incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus), save that 
the first paragraph under the section entitled "Contractual Terms" of the July 2019 Form of Final 
Terms shall be deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following: 
"This document constitutes Final Terms relating to the issue of Notes described herein. Terms 
used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 16 July 2019 (the "Original Base Prospectus"). 
This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 
8 of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the base prospectus dated 15 
July 2022[and the supplement[s] dated [][,[] … []] to the Base Prospectus] which [together] 
constitute[s] a base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2017/1129) (the "Prospectus Regulation"). Full information on the 
Issuer[, the Guarantor] and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination 
of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus, save in respect of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes which are extracted from the Original Base Prospectus and which are incorporated by 
reference into the Base Prospectus.  [However, a summary of the Issue is annexed to these Final 
Terms.]   Copies of the Base Prospectus [and any supplement(s) thereto] and the Original Base 
Prospectus are available from the offices of Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc at 25 Cabot 
Square, 
Canary 
Wharf, 
London, 
E14 
4QA 
[and 
on 
the 
Issuers' 
website 
at 
http://sp.morganstanley.com/EU/Documents] and copies of the Base Prospectus [, any 
supplement(s) thereto] and the Original Base Prospectus and these Final Terms are available on 
the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange at www.bourse.lu." 
(b) 
In the case of any issue of Notes in respect of which the relevant Pricing Supplement provides that 
the 16 July 2019 English Law Note Conditions apply, such Notes will be documented using the 
relevant July 2019 Form of Pricing Supplement (incorporated by reference into this Base 
Prospectus), save that the first paragraph under the section entitled "Contractual Terms" of the July 
2019 Form of Pricing Supplement shall be deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following: 
"Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 16 July 2019 (the "Base 
Prospectus"). This document must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus as so 
supplemented.  Full information on the Issuer, the Guarantor and the offer of the Notes is only 
available on the basis of the combination of this Pricing Supplement and the Base Prospectus. 
[However, a summary of the Issue is annexed to this Pricing Supplement.]7 Copies of the Base 
Prospectus and any supplement(s) thereto are available from the offices of Morgan Stanley & Co. 
International plc at 25 Cabot Square, Canary Wharf, London, E14 4QA and on the Issuers' website 
at http://sp.morganstanley.com/EU/Documents and copies of the Base Prospectus and any 
supplement(s) thereto and this Pricing Supplement are available on the website of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange at www.bourse.lu." 
20. 
Issuances under the 17 October 2019 English Law Note Conditions  
(a) 
In the case of any issue of Notes in respect of which the relevant Final Terms provide that the 17 
October 2019 English Law Note Conditions apply, such Notes will be documented using the 
relevant October 2019 Form of Final Terms (incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus), 
save that the first paragraph under the section entitled "Contractual Terms" of the October 2019 
Form of Final Terms shall be deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following: 
"This document constitutes Final Terms relating to the issue of Notes described herein. Terms 
used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 16 July 2019 and the supplement dated 17 
October 2019 (the "Original Base Prospectus"). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the 
Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation and must be 
read in conjunction with the base prospectus dated 15 July 2022 [and the supplement[s] dated 
 
7 
Insert if Securities are Notes with denominations lower than EUR 100,000.

--- Page 1017 ---
Important Legal Information 
 
 
1017 
 
[][,[] … []] to the Base Prospectus] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the "Base 
Prospectus") for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2017/1129) (the 
"Prospectus Regulation"). Full information on the Issuer[, the Guarantor] and the offer of the 
Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base 
Prospectus, save in respect of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes which are extracted from the 
Original Base Prospectus and which are incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus.  
[However, a summary of the Issue is annexed to these Final Terms.]   Copies of the Base 
Prospectus [and any supplement(s) thereto] and the Original Base Prospectus are available from 
the offices of Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc at 25 Cabot Square, Canary Wharf, London, 
E14 4QA [and on the Issuers' website at http://sp.morganstanley.com/EU/Documents] and copies 
of the Base Prospectus [, any supplement(s) thereto] and the Original Base Prospectus and these 
Final Terms are available on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange at www.bourse.lu." 
(b) 
In the case of any issue of Notes in respect of which the relevant Pricing Supplement provides that 
the 17 October 2019 English Law Note Conditions apply, such Notes will be documented using 
the relevant July 2019 Form of Pricing Supplement (incorporated by reference into this Base 
Prospectus), save that the first paragraph under the section entitled "Contractual Terms" of the July 
2019 Form of Pricing Supplement shall be deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following: 
"Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 16 July 2019 and the supplement 
dated 17 October 2019 (the "Base Prospectus"). This document must be read in conjunction with 
the Base Prospectus as so supplemented.  Full information on the Issuer, the Guarantor and the 
offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of this Pricing Supplement and 
the Base Prospectus. [However, a summary of the Issue is annexed to this Pricing Supplement.]8 
Copies of the Base Prospectus and any supplement(s) thereto are available from the offices of 
Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc at 25 Cabot Square, Canary Wharf, London, E14 4QA 
and on the Issuers' website at http://sp.morganstanley.com/EU/Documents and copies of the Base 
Prospectus and any supplement(s) thereto and this Pricing Supplement are available on the 
website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange at www.bourse.lu." 
21. 
Issuances under the 23 March 2020 English Law Note Conditions  
(a) 
In the case of any issue of Notes in respect of which the relevant Final Terms provide that the 23 
March 2020 English Law Note Conditions apply, such Notes will be documented using the 
relevant March 2020 Form of Final Terms (incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus), 
save that the first paragraph under the section entitled "Contractual Terms" of the March 2020 
Form of Final Terms shall be deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following: 
"This document constitutes Final Terms relating to the issue of Notes described herein. Terms 
used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 16 July 2019 and the supplements dated 17 
October 2019 and 23 March 2020 (the "Original Base Prospectus"). This document constitutes 
the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus 
Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the base prospectus dated 15 July 2022 [and the 
supplement[s] dated [][,[] … []] to the Base Prospectus] which [together] constitute[s] a base 
prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129) (the "Prospectus Regulation"). Full information on the Issuer[, the Guarantor] 
and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms 
and the Base Prospectus, save in respect of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes which are 
extracted from the Original Base Prospectus and which are incorporated by reference into the 
Base Prospectus.  [However, a summary of the Issue is annexed to these Final Terms.]   Copies of 
the Base Prospectus [and any supplement(s) thereto] and the Original Base Prospectus are 
available from the offices of Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc at 25 Cabot Square, Canary 
Wharf, 
London, 
E14 
4QA 
[and 
on 
the 
Issuers' 
website 
at 
http://sp.morganstanley.com/EU/Documents] and copies of the Base Prospectus [, any 
supplement(s) thereto] and the Original Base Prospectus and these Final Terms are available on 
the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange at www.bourse.lu." 
 
8 
Insert if Securities are Notes with denominations lower than EUR 100,000.

--- Page 1018 ---
Important Legal Information 
 
 
1018 
 
(b) 
In the case of any issue of Notes in respect of which the relevant Pricing Supplement provides that 
the 23 March 2020 English Law Note Conditions apply, such Notes will be documented using the 
relevant July 2019 Form of Pricing Supplement (incorporated by reference into this Base 
Prospectus), save that the first paragraph under the section entitled "Contractual Terms" of the July 
2019 Form of Pricing Supplement shall be deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following: 
"Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 16 July 2019 and the supplements 
dated 17 October 2019 and 23 March 2020 (the "Base Prospectus"). This document must be read 
in conjunction with the Base Prospectus as so supplemented.  Full information on the Issuer, the 
Guarantor and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of this 
Pricing Supplement and the Base Prospectus. [However, a summary of the Issue is annexed to this 
Pricing Supplement.]1 Copies of the Base Prospectus and any supplement(s) thereto are available 
from the offices of Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc at 25 Cabot Square, Canary Wharf, 
London, E14 4QA and on the Issuers' website at http://sp.morganstanley.com/EU/Documents and 
copies of the Base Prospectus and any supplement(s) thereto and this Pricing Supplement are 
available on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange at www.bourse.lu." 
22. 
Issuances under the 1 April 2020 English Law Note Conditions  
(a) 
In the case of any issue of Notes in respect of which the relevant Final Terms provide that the 1 
April 2020 English Law Note Conditions apply, such Notes will be documented using the relevant 
April 2020 Form of Final Terms (incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus), save that 
the first paragraph under the section entitled "Contractual Terms" of the April 2020 Form of Final 
Terms shall be deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following: 
"This document constitutes Final Terms relating to the issue of Notes described herein. Terms 
used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 16 July 2019 and the supplements dated 17 
October 2019, 23 March 2020 and 1 April 2020 (the "Original Base Prospectus"). This document 
constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of the 
Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the base prospectus dated 15 July 
2022 [and the supplement[s] dated [][,[] … []] to the Base Prospectus] which [together] 
constitute[s] a base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2017/1129) (the "Prospectus Regulation"). Full information on the 
Issuer[, the Guarantor] and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination 
of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus, save in respect of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes which are extracted from the Original Base Prospectus and which are incorporated by 
reference into the Base Prospectus.  [However, a summary of the Issue is annexed to these Final 
Terms.]   Copies of the Base Prospectus [and any supplement(s) thereto] and the Original Base 
Prospectus are available from the offices of Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc at 25 Cabot 
Square, 
Canary 
Wharf, 
London, 
E14 
4QA 
[and 
on 
the 
Issuers' 
website 
at 
http://sp.morganstanley.com/EU/Documents] and copies of the Base Prospectus [, any 
supplement(s) thereto] and the Original Base Prospectus and these Final Terms are available on 
the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange at www.bourse.lu." 
(b) 
In the case of any issue of Notes in respect of which the relevant Pricing Supplement provides that 
the 1 April 2020 English Law Note Conditions apply, such Notes will be documented using the 
relevant July 2019 Form of Pricing Supplement (incorporated by reference into this Base 
Prospectus), save that the first paragraph under the section entitled "Contractual Terms" of the July 
2019 Form of Pricing Supplement shall be deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following: 
"Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 16 July 2019 and the supplements 
dated 17 October 2019, 23 March 2020 and 1 April 2020 (the "Base Prospectus"). This document 
must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus as so supplemented.  Full information on 
the Issuer, the Guarantor and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the 
combination of this Pricing Supplement and the Base Prospectus. [However, a summary of the 
 
1 
Insert if Securities are Notes with denominations lower than EUR 100,000.

--- Page 1019 ---
Important Legal Information 
 
 
1019 
 
Issue is annexed to this Pricing Supplement.]2 Copies of the Base Prospectus and any 
supplement(s) thereto are available from the offices of Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc at 
25 Cabot Square, Canary Wharf, London, E14 4QA and on the Issuers' website at 
http://sp.morganstanley.com/EU/Documents and copies of the Base Prospectus and any 
supplement(s) thereto and this Pricing Supplement are available on the website of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange at www.bourse.lu."  
23. 
Issuances under the 16 July 2020 English Law Note Conditions 
(a) 
In the case of any issue of Notes in respect of which the relevant Final Terms provide that the 16 
July 2020 English Law Note Conditions apply, such Notes will be documented using the relevant 
July 2020 Form of Final Terms (incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus), save that 
the first paragraph under the section entitled "Contractual Terms" of the July 2020 Form of Final 
Terms shall be deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following: 
"This document constitutes Final Terms relating to the issue of Notes described herein. Terms 
used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 16 July 2020 (the "Original Base Prospectus"). 
This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 
8 of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the base prospectus dated 15 
July 2022 [and the supplement[s] dated [][,[] … []] to the Base Prospectus] which [together] 
constitute[s] a base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2017/1129) (the "Prospectus Regulation"). Full information on the 
Issuer[, the Guarantor] and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination 
of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus, save in respect of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes which are extracted from the Original Base Prospectus and which are incorporated by 
reference into the Base Prospectus.  [However, a summary of the Issue is annexed to these Final 
Terms.]   Copies of the Base Prospectus [and any supplement(s) thereto] and the Original Base 
Prospectus are available from the offices of Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc at 25 Cabot 
Square, 
Canary 
Wharf, 
London, 
E14 
4QA 
[and 
on 
the 
Issuers' 
website 
at 
http://sp.morganstanley.com/EU/Documents] and copies of the Base Prospectus [, any 
supplement(s) thereto] and the Original Base Prospectus and these Final Terms are available on 
the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange at www.bourse.lu." 
(b) 
In the case of any issue of Notes in respect of which the relevant Pricing Supplement provides that 
the 16 July 2020 English Law Note Conditions apply, such Notes will be documented using the 
relevant July 2020 Form of Pricing Supplement (incorporated by reference into this Base 
Prospectus), save that the first paragraph under the section entitled "Contractual Terms" of the July 
2020 Form of Pricing Supplement shall be deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following: 
"Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 16 July 2020 (the "Base 
Prospectus"). This document must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus as so 
supplemented.  Full information on the Issuer, the Guarantor and the offer of the Notes is only 
available on the basis of the combination of this Pricing Supplement and the Base Prospectus. 
[However, a summary of the Issue is annexed to this Pricing Supplement.]3 Copies of the Base 
Prospectus and any supplement(s) thereto are available from the offices of Morgan Stanley & Co. 
International plc at 25 Cabot Square, Canary Wharf, London, E14 4QA and on the Issuers' website 
at http://sp.morganstanley.com/EU/Documents and copies of the Base Prospectus and any 
supplement(s) thereto and this Pricing Supplement are available on the website of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange at www.bourse.lu." 
24. 
Issuances under the 17 November 2020 English Law Note Conditions  
(a) 
In the case of any issue of Notes in respect of which the relevant Final Terms provide that the 17 
November 2020 English Law Note Conditions apply, such Notes will be documented using the 
relevant November 2020 Form of Final Terms or the relevant March 2021 Form of Final Terms 
 
2 
Insert if Securities are Notes with denominations lower than EUR 100,000. 
3 
Insert if Securities are Notes with denominations lower than EUR 100,000.

--- Page 1020 ---
Important Legal Information 
 
 
1020 
 
(each incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus), as applicable, save that the first 
paragraph under the section entitled "Contractual Terms" of the November 2020 Form of Final 
Terms or the March 2021 Form of Final Terms, as applicable, shall be deleted in its entirety and 
replaced with the following: 
"This document constitutes Final Terms relating to the issue of Notes described herein. Terms 
used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 16 July 2020 and the supplement dated 17 
November 2020 (the "Original Base Prospectus"). This document constitutes the Final Terms of 
the Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation and must be 
read in conjunction with the base prospectus dated 15 July 2022 [and the supplement[s] dated 
[][,[] … []] to the Base Prospectus] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the "Base 
Prospectus") for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2017/1129) (the 
"Prospectus Regulation"). Full information on the Issuer[, the Guarantor] and the offer of the 
Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base 
Prospectus, save in respect of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes which are extracted from the 
Original Base Prospectus and which are incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus.  
[However, a summary of the Issue is annexed to these Final Terms.]   Copies of the Base 
Prospectus [and any supplement(s) thereto] and the Original Base Prospectus are available from 
the offices of Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc at 25 Cabot Square, Canary Wharf, London, 
E14 4QA [and on the Issuers' website at http://sp.morganstanley.com/EU/Documents] and copies 
of the Base Prospectus [, any supplement(s) thereto] and the Original Base Prospectus and these 
Final Terms are available on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange at www.bourse.lu." 
(b) 
In the case of any issue of Notes in respect of which the relevant Pricing Supplement provides that 
the 17 November 2020 English Law Note Conditions apply, such Notes will be documented using 
the relevant July 2020 Form of Pricing Supplement or the relevant March 2021 Form of Pricing 
Supplement (each incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus) as applicable, save that the 
first paragraph under the section entitled "Contractual Terms" of the July 2020 Form of Pricing 
Supplement or the March 2021 Form of Pricing Supplement, as applicable, shall be deleted in its 
entirety and replaced with the following: 
"Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 16 July 2020 and the supplement 
dated 17 November 2020 (the "Base Prospectus"). This document must be read in conjunction 
with the Base Prospectus as so supplemented.  Full information on the Issuer, the Guarantor and 
the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of this Pricing Supplement 
and the Base Prospectus. [However, a summary of the Issue is annexed to this Pricing 
Supplement.]4 Copies of the Base Prospectus and any supplement(s) thereto are available from 
the offices of Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc at 25 Cabot Square, Canary Wharf, London, 
E14 4QA and on the Issuers' website at http://sp.morganstanley.com/EU/Documents and copies 
of the Base Prospectus and any supplement(s) thereto and this Pricing Supplement are available 
on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange at www.bourse.lu." 
25. 
Issuances under the 16 July 2021 English Law Note Conditions 
(a) 
In the case of any issue of Notes in respect of which the relevant Final Terms provide that the 16 
July 2021 English Law Note Conditions apply, such Notes will be documented using the relevant 
July 2021 Form of Final Terms (incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus), save that 
the first paragraph under the section entitled "Contractual Terms" of the July 2021 Form of Final 
Terms shall be deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following: 
"This document constitutes Final Terms relating to the issue of Notes described herein. Terms 
used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 16 July 2021 (the "Original Base Prospectus"). 
This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 
8 of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the base prospectus dated 15 
July 2022 [and the supplement[s] dated [][,[] … []] to the Base Prospectus] which [together] 
constitute[s] a base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") for the purposes of the Prospectus 
 
4 
Insert if Securities are Notes with denominations lower than EUR 100,000.

--- Page 1021 ---
Important Legal Information 
 
 
1021 
 
Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2017/1129) (the "Prospectus Regulation"). Full information on the 
Issuer[, the Guarantor] and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination 
of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus, save in respect of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes which are extracted from the Original Base Prospectus and which are incorporated by 
reference into the Base Prospectus.  [However, a summary of the Issue is annexed to these Final 
Terms.]   Copies of the Base Prospectus [and any supplement(s) thereto] and the Original Base 
Prospectus are available from the offices of Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc at 25 Cabot 
Square, 
Canary 
Wharf, 
London, 
E14 
4QA 
[and 
on 
the 
Issuers' 
website 
at 
http://sp.morganstanley.com/EU/Documents] and copies of the Base Prospectus [, any 
supplement(s) thereto] and the Original Base Prospectus and these Final Terms are available on 
the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange at www.bourse.lu." 
(b) 
In the case of any issue of Notes in respect of which the relevant Pricing Supplement provides that 
the 16 July 2021 English Law Note Conditions apply, such Notes will be documented using the 
relevant July 2021 Form of Pricing Supplement (incorporated by reference into this Base 
Prospectus), save that the first paragraph under the section entitled "Contractual Terms" of the July 
2020 Form of Pricing Supplement shall be deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following: 
"Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 16 July 2021 (the "Base 
Prospectus"). This document must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus as so 
supplemented.  Full information on the Issuer, the Guarantor and the offer of the Notes is only 
available on the basis of the combination of this Pricing Supplement and the Base Prospectus. 
[However, a summary of the Issue is annexed to this Pricing Supplement.]5 Copies of the Base 
Prospectus and any supplement(s) thereto are available from the offices of Morgan Stanley & Co. 
International plc at 25 Cabot Square, Canary Wharf, London, E14 4QA and on the Issuers' website 
at http://sp.morganstanley.com/EU/Documents and copies of the Base Prospectus and any 
supplement(s) thereto and this Pricing Supplement are available on the website of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange at www.bourse.lu." 
 
 
 
 
 
5 
Insert if Securities are Notes with denominations lower than EUR 100,000.

--- Page 1022 ---
Index of Defined Terms 
 
 
 
1022 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION  
The Securities have been accepted for clearance and settlement through Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg.  The appropriate code for each issue allocated by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
will be contained in the applicable Issue Terms.  Transactions will normally be effected for settlement not 
earlier than two business days after the date of the transaction. 
The price and amount of Securities to be issued under the Program will be determined by the Issuer and 
any Distribution Agent at the time of the issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
In respect of any Fixed Rate Securities, the yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of the Issue 
Price for such Securities and will be specified in the relevant Issue Terms. It is not an indication of future 
yield. 
This Base Prospectus and any supplement thereto will be published on the websites of (a) the Luxembourg 
Stock 
Exchange 
(www.bourse.lu) 
and 
(b) 
MSI 
plc, 
MSBV 
and 
MSFL 
(http://sp.morganstanley.com/EU/Documents). 
For so long as this Base Prospectus remains in effect or any Securities issued by Morgan Stanley, MSI plc, 
MSBV or MSFL remain outstanding, the following documents will be available from the date hereof in 
physical or electronic form for at least 10 years, during usual business hours on any weekday, for inspection 
at The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch, One Canada Square, London E14 5AL and also at the 
principal executive offices of Morgan Stanley and MSFL and the registered offices of MSI plc and MSBV 
and on the free to access website: https://sp.morganstanley.com/EU/documents (subject as mentioned 
below):  
(a) 
copies of the Distribution Agreement, the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement, the Euroclear 
Agreement, the accession agreement dated as of 16 April 2004 relating to MSBV, the accession 
agreement dated as of 15 June 2010 relating to MSI plc, the Deeds of Covenant, the Guarantee, 
the last two years' of MSI plc's, MSBV's and MSFL's published financial statements and the last 
two years' of Morgan Stanley's Annual, Quarterly and Current Reports; 
(b) 
copies of the SEB Issuing and Paying Agent Agreement (these shall only be available at the 
principal executive offices of Morgan Stanley and MSFL and the registered offices of MSI plc and 
MSBV); 
(c) 
the Certificate of Incorporation and Amended and Restated By-laws of Morgan Stanley (these 
shall not be available at the registered office of MSI plc); 
(d) 
the Certificate of Incorporation and the Articles of Association of MSI plc (these shall not be 
available at the registered office of Morgan Stanley, MSBV or MSFL); 
(e) 
the Deed of Incorporation of MSBV (this shall not be available at the registered office of MSI plc 
or MSFL); 
(f) 
the Limited Liability Company Agreement of MSFL dated 27 March 2002 (as amended and 
restated from time to time) (this shall not be available at the registered office of Morgan Stanley, 
MSBV or MSI plc); 
(g) 
all reports, letters and other documents, historical financial information, valuations and statements 
by any expert any part of which is included or referred to herein; 
(h) 
Morgan Stanley's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended 31 December 2021, Morgan 
Stanley's Current Reports on Form 8-K dated 19 January 2022, 14 April 2022 and 14 July 2022,  
Morgan Stanley's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended 31 March 2022 
and Morgan Stanley's Proxy Statement dated 8 April 2022; 
(i) 
Report and Financial Statements of MSI plc for the financial year ended 31 December 2020 and 
31 December 2021 (these shall not be available at the registered office of Morgan Stanley, MSBV 
or MSFL);  
(j)  
Report and Financial Statements of MSBV for the financial years ended 31 December 2020 and 
31 December 2021 (these shall not be available at the registered office of MSI plc or MSFL);  
(k)  
Report and Financial Statements of MSFL for the financial years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 
December 2021 (these shall not be available at the registered office of MSI plc or MSBV); 
(l) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus and any document incorporated by reference herein;

--- Page 1023 ---
Index of Defined Terms 
 
 
 
1023 
 
(m) 
any supplement to this Base Prospectus; and 
(n) 
any Issue Terms (save that any Issue Terms relating to a Note which is not listed will only be 
available for inspection by a holder of such Note and such holder must provide evidence 
satisfactory to the Issuer as to the identity of such holder). 
Any statement contained in this Base Prospectus or in a document incorporated or deemed to be 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus will be deemed to be modified or superseded for purposes 
of this Base Prospectus, to the extent that a statement contained in this Base Prospectus or in any 
subsequently filed document that also is or is deemed to be incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus and in respect of which a supplement to this Base Prospectus has been prepared modifies or 
supersedes the statement.  Any statement so modified or superseded will not be deemed, except as so 
modified or superseded, to constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. 
Investors should consult Morgan Stanley, MSI plc, MSBV or MSFL should they require a copy of the 2006 
ISDA Definitions and/or the 2021 ISDA Definitions (each as published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc.) which are referred to in the Conditions of the Securities. 
Morgan Stanley 
The Program was authorised by Morgan Stanley pursuant to resolutions adopted at a meeting of the Board 
of Directors of Morgan Stanley held on 25 September 1998, as amended and updated pursuant to resolutions 
adopted at a meeting of the Board of Directors of Morgan Stanley held on 17 June 2003, 14 December 
2004, 20 September 2005, 12 December 2006, 19 June 2007, 17 September 2007 and 16 June 2008. 
The consolidated financial statements of Morgan Stanley and subsidiaries as of 31 December 2020 and 31 
December 2021 have been audited by Deloitte & Touche LLP of 30 Rockefeller Plaza, New York, NY 
10112-015, United States of America, an independent registered public accounting firm registered with the 
Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States of America). 
MSI plc 
The role of MSI plc as issuer under the Program was authorised by resolutions of the Board of Directors of 
MSI plc on 14 June 2010, 10 June 2011 and 23 May 2012.  
Deloitte LLP, Chartered Accountants and Registered Auditors (members of the Institute of Chartered 
Accountants of England and Wales) of 1 New Street Square, London EC4A 3HQ have audited the financial 
statements of MSI plc for the years ended 2020 and 2021 and unqualified audit reports have been issued 
thereon. 
MSBV 
Deloitte Accountants B.V., independent auditors and certified public accountants of Gustav Mahlerlaan 
2970, 1081,  LA  Amsterdam,  The  Netherlands,  a  member  of  the  Netherlands  Institute  of  Chartered  
Accountants (Nederlandse Beroepsorganisatie van Accountants) have audited the financial statements of 
MSBV for the year ended 31 December 2020 and the year ended 31 December 2021 and unqualified 
opinions have been reported thereon.  
This document does not contain any other information that has been audited by Deloitte Accountants B.V.  
The financial information in respect of MSBV has been prepared in accordance with International Financial 
Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 
December 2021. 
The role of MSBV as issuer under the Program was authorised by resolutions of the management board of 
MSBV passed on 16 April 2004, 20 June 2007, 17 June 2008, 16 June 2009, 14 June 2010, 9 June 2011, 
23 May 2012, 17 July 2013, 31 October 2013, 12 December 2014, 5 August 2016, 9 October 2017, 3 
October 2018, 11 July 2019, 13 July 2020, 12 July 2021 and 11 July 2022. 
MSFL 
Deloitte & Touche LLP, 30 Rockefeller Plaza, New York, NY 10112-0015, United States of America, an 
independent registered public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight 
Board (United States of America), have audited the financial statements of MSFL as of and for the year 
ended 31 December 2020 and as of and for the year ended 31 December 2021, and unqualified opinions 
have been reported thereon, which include an explanatory paragraph referring to significant transactions 
with affiliates.

--- Page 1024 ---
Index of Defined Terms 
 
 
 
1024 
 
The financial information in respect of MSFL has been prepared in accordance with U.S. Generally 
Accepted Accounting Principles. 
The role of MSFL as issuer under the Program was authorised by resolutions of the Board of Managers of 
MSFL passed on 5 February 2016. 
MSFL publishes audited annual financial statements and will publish unaudited half-yearly financial 
statements.  
No material adverse change in prospects and no significant change in the financial performance and 
financial position 
Morgan Stanley 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of Morgan Stanley since 31 December 2021, 
the date of the last published annual audited financial statements of Morgan Stanley. 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance and financial position of Morgan Stanley 
since 14 July 2022, the date of the latest published interim (unaudited) financial statements of Morgan 
Stanley. 
MSI plc 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of MSI plc since 31 December 2021, the date 
of the last published annual audited financial statements of MSI plc. 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance and financial position of MSI plc since 
31 December 2021, the date of the latest published annual audited accounts of MSI plc. 
MSBV 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of MSBV since 31 December 2021, the date of 
the last published annual audited financial statements of MSBV. 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance and financial position of MSBV since31 
December 2021, the date of the latest published annual audited accounts of MSBV. 
 
MSFL 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of MSFL since 31 December 2021, the date of 
the last published annual audited financial statements of MSFL. 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance and financial position of MSFL since 
31 December 2021, the date of the latest published annual audited financial statements of MSFL. 
 
Legal and arbitration proceedings 
Save as disclosed in: 
(a) 
the paragraphs beginning with "Legal" under the heading "Contingencies" under the heading 
"Commitments, Guarantees and Contingencies" in "Securities to Consolidated Financial 
Statements" at pages 117-118 and the section entitled "Legal Proceedings" at pages 145-148 of 
Morgan Stanley's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended 31 December 2021;  
(b) 
the paragraphs beginning with "Legal" under the heading "Contingencies" under the heading 
"Commitments, Guarantees and Contingencies" in "Securities to Consolidated Financial 
Statements (Unaudited) at pages 54-55 and the section entitled "Legal Proceedings" at page 66 of 
Morgan Stanley's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended 31 March 2022; 
and

--- Page 1025 ---
Index of Defined Terms 
 
 
 
1025 
 
(c) 
the section entitled "Legal Proceedings" at Part 7 of the section entitled "Description of Morgan 
Stanley & Co. International plc" at pages 65-66 of the Registration Document (as supplemented 
from time to time), the section entitled "Legal Proceedings" at Part 7 of the section entitled 
"Description of Morgan Stanley B.V." at page 69 of the Registration Document (as supplemented 
from time to time) and the section entitled "Legal Proceedings" at Part 7 of the section entitled 
"Description of Morgan Stanley Finance LLC" at page 72 of the Registration Document (as 
supplemented from time to time), 
other than those disclosed in the audited financial statements or the interim (unaudited) financial statements, 
there are no, nor have there been, any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings involving Morgan 
Stanley, MSI plc, MSBV or MSFL (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of 
which Morgan Stanley, MSI plc, MSBV or MSFL is aware) during the 12-month period before the date of 
this Base Prospectus which may have, or have had in the recent past, a significant effect on the financial 
position or profitability of Morgan Stanley, MSI plc, MSBV, MSFL or the Morgan Stanley Group. 
Clearing Systems 
The address of Clearstream Luxembourg is 42, avenue J F Kennedy, L-1855, Luxembourg. 
The address of Euroclear is 1, Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B – 1210 Brussels, Belgium. 
The address of Euroclear Sweden is Klarabergsviadukten 63, 111 64 Stockholm, Sweden. 
Non-exempt Offers 
In respect of each of the following series of Securities to be issued under the Program, the Offer Period 
commenced prior to the date of this Base Prospectus and the Offer Period will end during the validity period 
of this Base Prospectus. The Offer Periods in respect of each of the following series of Securities to be 
issued under the Program are covered by the base prospectus dated 16 July 2021: 
(i) Series of Securities offered in Member States: 
Series Number  
ISIN 
Date of Issue 
Terms 
Where relevant 
Issue Terms 
have been 
published 
Issue Date 
EU670 
XS2425270381 
27/06/2022 
Luxembourg 
01/09/2022 
EU681 
XS2477182815 
24/06/2022 
Ireland 
03/08/2022 
EU684 
FI4000527122 
01/07/2022 
Luxembourg 
16/08/2022 
EU685 
XS2477283761 
27/06/2022 
Ireland 
07/07/2022 
EU686 
FI4000527130 
01/07/2022 
Luxembourg 
16/08/2022 
EU688 
XS2477344068 
08/07/2022 
Ireland 
29/07/2022 
 
(ii) Series of Securities offered in Switzerland: 
 
Series Number 
ISIN 
Date of Issue 
Terms 
Where relevant 
Issue Terms 
have been 
published 
Issue Date 
EU685 
XS2477283761 
27/06/2022 
Ireland 
07/07/2022 
EU686 
FI4000527130 
01/07/2022 
Luxembourg 
16/08/2022

--- Page 1026 ---
Index of Defined Terms 
 
 
 
1026 
 
 
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS 
 
Page 
Page 
$ x 
£ x 
¥ x 
€ x 
€STR ............................................................ 137 
€STR Compound with Lookback ................. 170 
€STR Compound with Observation Period Shift
 ................................................................. 170 
€STR Compound with Payment Delay ........ 171 
€STR Index Average .................................... 172 
€STR Rate Cut-Off Date .............................. 137 
1 April 2020 English Law Note Conditions ... 99 
1 April 2020 Supplement................................ 99 
10 October 2017 Base Prospectus .................. 97 
10 October 2017 English Law Note Conditions
 ................................................................... 97 
12 May 2015 Supplement ............................... 96 
15 December 2015 Base Prospectus ............... 96 
15 December 2015 English Law Note Conditions
 ................................................................... 96 
15 March 2021 Supplement .......................... 100 
16 December 2013 Base Prospectus ............... 96 
16 December 2013 English Law Note Conditions
 ................................................................... 96 
16 December 2014 Base Prospectus ............... 96 
16 December 2014 English Law Note Conditions
 ................................................................... 96 
16 July 2019 Base Prospectus ........................ 98 
16 July 2019 English Law Note Conditions ... 98 
16 July 2020 English Law Note Conditions . 100 
17 July 2013 Base Prospectus ........................ 95 
17 July 2013 English Law Note Conditions ... 95 
17 
November 
2020 
English 
Law 
Note 
Conditions ................................................ 100 
17 November 2020 Supplement ................... 100 
17 October 2019 English Law Note Conditions
 ................................................................... 99 
17 October 2019 Supplement ......................... 99 
20 December 2016 Supplement ...................... 97 
2013 Form of Final Terms .............................. 96 
2013 Forms of Final Terms ............................. 96 
21 March 2019 English Law Note Conditions 98 
21 March 2019 Supplement ............................ 98 
21 October 2016 Base Prospectus ................... 97 
21 October 2016 English Law Note Conditions
 .................................................................... 97 
23 March 2020 English Law Note Conditions 99 
23 March 2020 Supplement ............................ 99 
25 January 2019 English Law Note Conditions
 .................................................................... 98 
25 January 2019 Supplement .......................... 98 
30 August 2013 English Law Note Conditions
 .................................................................... 95 
30 August 2013 Supplement ........................... 95 
30/360 ........................................................... 134 
30/360 (ICMA) ............................................. 134 
30E/360 ......................................................... 134 
30E/360 (ISDA) ............................................ 135 
360/360 ......................................................... 134 
9 October 2018 Base Prospectus ..................... 98 
9 October 2018 English Law Note Conditions 98 
Absolute Basic Performance ......................... 404 
Absolute Capped & Floored Performance .... 407 
Absolute Capped Performance ...................... 405 
Absolute Floored Performance ..................... 406 
Accountholder ............................................... 909 
Accountholders ........................................... 1005 
Accrual Business Day ................................... 309 
Accrual Business Day Centre ....................... 309 
Accrual Condition ......................................... 309 
Accrual Observation Day .............................. 310 
Accrual Period .............................................. 310 
Accrual Period End Date............................... 310 
Accrual Period Start Date ............................. 310

--- Page 1027 ---
Index of Defined Terms 
 
 
 
1027 
 
Accrual Reference Observation .................... 310 
Accrual Yield ............................................... 129 
Accrued Value .............................................. 136 
Act ................................................................ 958 
Actual/360 .................................................... 134 
Actual/365 (Fixed) ............................... 134, 861 
Actual/365L .................................................. 134 
Actual/Actual................................................ 134 
Actual/Actual (ICMA).................................. 133 
Actual/Actual (ISDA) ................................... 134 
Additional Amounts ..................................... 284 
Additional Business Centre(s) ...................... 129 
Additional Conditions .................... 14, 128, 303 
Additional Disruption Event205, 226, 234, 240, 
257, 270, 447, 448 
Additional Increased Tax ............................. 286 
Additional Price Source Disruption .............. 231 
Additional Tax .............................................. 994 
Additional Terms and Conditions... 14, 128, 303 
Adjustment Payment .....................210, 227, 270 
Administrator/Benchmark Event .................. 129 
Administrator/Benchmark Event Date ......... 130 
Affected Basket Component189, 190, 191, 192, 
242, 243, 244, 260, 261, 262, 263, 264 
Affected CNY Note ...................................... 295 
Affected Commodity .................................... 220 
Affected ETF Interest ................................... 210 
Affected Fund Interest .................................. 247 
Affected Payment Date................................. 240 
Affected Securities ....................................... 283 
Affected Share/ETF Interest ................. 198, 201 
Affiliate ........................................................ 247 
Agent ............................................................ 129 
Agents..................................................... 13, 129 
Aggregate Coupon Amount .......................... 364 
AIF ............................................................... 951 
Alternative Pre-nominated Futures Contract 270 
Alternative Pre-nominated Index.................. 130 
Alternative Pre-nominated Reference Rate . 180, 
183 
Alternative Rate ...................................... 45, 180 
AMF .............................................................. 999 
Applicable ..................................................... 221 
Applicable Floor ........................................... 364 
Applicable Initial Reference Value364, 
401, 
402, 403, 405, 406, 408, 412, 414, 416, 417, 
419, 420, 422, 423, 425, 426, 428, 429, 430, 
432, 433, 434, 436, 437, 439, 440 
Applicable Initial Reference Valuei364, 
412, 
414, 416, 417, 419, 420, 422, 423, 425, 426, 
428, 429, 430, 432, 433, 434, 436, 437, 439, 
440 
applicable law ............................................... 287 
Applicable Multiplier .................................... 364 
Applicable Percentage .................................. 364 
April 2020 Form of Final Terms ..................... 99 
Asset ............................................................. 913 
AUD .................................................................. x 
August 2013 Form of Final Terms .................. 95 
Australian Dollars ............................................. x 
Authorised Offeror .......................................... 84 
Authorising Resolutions .................................. 13 
Autocall Barrier Value .................................. 364 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount .......... 277 
Automatic Early Redemption Date ....... 277, 364 
Automatic Early Redemption Determination 
Date .......................................................... 364 
Automatic Early Redemption Event ............. 277 
Automatic Early Redemption Level.............. 277 
Automatic Early Redemption Rate ....... 278, 364 
Automatic Early Redemption Specified Day(s)
 .................................................................. 278 
Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date
 .................................................................. 278 
Automatic Partial Redemption Amount ........ 364 
Automatic Partial Redemption Date ............. 365 
Automatic Partial Redemption Rate.............. 365 
Average Basket Performance ........................ 365 
Average Value .............................................. 391 
Averaging...................................................... 230 
Averaging Cut-Off Date ....................... 210, 270 
Averaging Date ..................... 211, 231, 247, 271 
Averaging Date Disruption ................... 190, 261 
Averaging Dates............ 391, 392, 393, 394, 395

--- Page 1028 ---
Index of Defined Terms 
 
 
 
1028 
 
Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive ...... 26 
Banking Act .......................................... 26, 1001 
Barrier........................................................... 365 
Barrier Notes ................................................ 311 
Barrier Observation Dates .................... 365, 381 
Barrier Observation Period ................... 365, 381 
Barrier Observation Period Date .......... 366, 381 
Barrier Observation Period End Date ... 366, 381 
Barrier Observation Period Start Date .. 366, 381 
Base Conditions ............................................ 128 
Base Currency .............................................. 366 
Base Prospectusi, 306, 459, 867, 871, 905, 1010, 
1011, 1012, 1013, 1014, 1015, 1016, 1017, 
1018, 1019, 1020 
Basic Performance ........................................ 399 
Basket .................................... 211, 227, 271, 303 
Basket Component ........ 211, 247, 271, 294, 303 
Basket of ETF Interests ................................ 211 
Basket of Funds ............................................ 247 
Basket of Futures Contracts .......................... 271 
Basket of Indices .......................................... 211 
Basket of Shares ........................................... 211 
Belgian Supplemental Conditions .. 15, 128, 444 
Benchmark ................................................... 130 
Benchmark Replacement ...................... 130, 183 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment .......... 130 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes
 ......................................................... 131, 183 
Benchmark Replacement Date ..................... 131 
Benchmark Transition Event ........................ 131 
Benchmarks Regulation........... iii, 851, 852, 900 
Benchmarks Regulations ................................ 43 
Best of –Weighted Average Performance .... 433 
Best Performing Basket Component ............ 366 
Bond Basis .................................................... 134 
Bonus Amount ...................................... 328, 366 
Bonus Rate ................................................... 366 
Brent Commodity Reference Price ............... 227 
Broken Amount ............................................ 131 
BRRD ............................................................. 26 
business day .................................................. 152 
Business Day ................................................. 131 
Business Day Convention ............................. 132 
Calculation Agent ......................................... 133 
Calculation Amount ...................................... 133 
Calculation Period ......................................... 133 
Call Option Date(s) ....................................... 133 
Call Strike ..................................................... 366 
Cap ........ 401, 403, 405, 407, 418, 421, 428, 431 
Cap Value ..................................... 389, 390, 393 
Capi ....................................... 414, 417, 424, 427 
capital gains .................................................. 984 
Capped & Floored Performance ................... 403 
Capped Floating Rate Notes ......................... 308 
Capped Performance ..................................... 401 
Cash Residual Amount ................................. 366 
Cash Residual Amounti ................................. 366 
Cash Settlement Notes .................................. 133 
Change in Law ...... 211, 227, 234, 240, 257, 271 
Change of Exchange ..................................... 267 
CISA .............................................. viii, 460, 872 
CIT Law ........................................................ 986 
CIT Regulations ............................................ 986 
Clearing System ............................................ 284 
Clearing System Business Day ............. 284, 911 
Clearstream, Luxembourg ............. 72, 133, 1005 
Cliquet Performance ..................................... 400 
Closing Value387, 388, 389, 390, 391, 392, 393, 
394, 395 
Closing Valuei ....................... 392, 393, 394, 395 
CMS Reference Rate ..................................... 133 
CMS Reference Rate 1 .................................. 133 
CMS Reference Rate 2 .................................. 133 
CNY .......................................................... x, 147 
CNY Disruption Event .................................. 295 
CNY Illiquidity ............................................. 295 
CNY Inconvertibility .................................... 295 
CNY Non-Transferability ............................. 295 
CNY Notes .............................................. 38, 133 
Code ........................................................ 34, 937 
Collared Floating Rate Notes ........................ 308

--- Page 1029 ---
Index of Defined Terms 
 
 
 
1029 
 
Commission's Proposal ................................. 994 
Commodity ................................................... 227 
Commodity Basket-Linked Interest Notes ... 186 
Commodity Basket-Linked Notes ................ 186 
Commodity Basket-Linked Redemption Notes
 ................................................................. 186 
Commodity Business Day ............................ 228 
Commodity Disruption Events ..................... 218 
Commodity Disruption Fallbacks ................. 219 
Commodity Fallback Value .......................... 220 
Commodity Index ......................................... 228 
Commodity Index Adjustment Event ........... 228 
Commodity Index Cancellation .................... 223 
Commodity Index Disruption ....................... 224 
Commodity Index Disruption Events ........... 221 
Commodity Index Modification ................... 224 
Commodity Reference Dealers ............. 218, 228 
Commodity Reference Price ......................... 228 
Commodity Specified Price387, 388, 389, 390, 
391, 392, 393, 394, 395 
Commodity Specified Pricei .. 392, 393, 394, 395 
Commodity-Linked Interest Notes ............... 186 
Commodity-Linked Notes ...................... 16, 187 
Commodity-Linked Redemption Notes ........ 186 
Common Fund Business Day ....................... 247 
Common Pricing........................................... 221 
Common Pricing Date .................................. 221 
Common Scheduled Trading Day ........ 211, 271 
Common Valid Date ......................211, 247, 271 
Component ........................................... 212, 228 
Condition ...................................................... 151 
Conditions ................................................ ii, 128 
CONSOB .................................................... 1001 
control........................................................... 247 
Conversion Effective Date ........................... 315 
Conversion Exercise Date ............................ 316 
Conversion Notice Cut-Off Date .................. 316 
Conversion Option ....................................... 315 
COPPER-LME CASH ................................. 442 
Corrected Value .............................196, 197, 269 
Correction Cut Off Time ............... 196, 197, 269 
Corresponding Tenor .................................... 133 
Coupon Barrier Value ........... 311, 312, 367, 382 
Coupon Barrier Value 1 ................................ 367 
Coupon Barrier Value 2 ................................ 367 
Coupon Rate ................................. 311, 367, 382 
Coupon Ratej ......................................... 367, 382 
CPIFinal ................................................... 367, 378 
CPIInitial ............................................... 367, 379 
CPIm ............................................................. 367 
CPIn ...................................................... 368, 379 
CRA Regulation .......... 844, 845, 894, 895, 1007 
CSSF ................................................................. v 
Cumulative Interest Amount ......................... 278 
Currency Basket-Linked Interest Notes ........ 187 
Currency Basket-Linked Notes ..................... 187 
Currency Basket-Linked Redemption Notes. 187 
Currency Business Day ......................... 234, 368 
Currency Disruption Events .......................... 231 
Currency Disruption Fallbacks ..................... 232 
Currency Pair ................................................ 234 
Currency-Linked Interest Notes .................... 187 
Currency-Linked Notes ........................... 16, 187 
Currency-Linked Redemption Notes ............ 187 
Currency-Reference Dealers ......................... 234 
Curve Cap ..................................................... 312 
Curve Cap Spread ......................................... 312 
Cut-off Period ............................................... 248 
Day Count Fraction ....................................... 133 
DBRS .......................................................... 1007 
December 2013 Form of Final Terms ............. 96 
December 2014 Form of Final Terms ............. 96 
December 2015 Form of Final Terms ............. 97 
December 2016 Form of Final Terms ............. 97 
Decree 461/1997 ........................................... 972 
Decree No. 201 ............................................. 976 
Decree No. 917 ............................................. 972 
Deeds of Covenant ................................ 129, 909 
Default Performance ..................................... 440 
Delisting ................................................ 200, 210

--- Page 1030 ---
Index of Defined Terms 
 
 
 
1030 
 
Delivery Date ............................................... 228 
Delivery Disruption Event ............................ 284 
Delivery Notice ............................................ 281 
Deposit Agreement ....................................... 212 
Depositary .................................................... 212 
Derivative Component.................................. 445 
Derivative Value........................................... 445 
Designated Maturity ..................................... 135 
Determination Agent .................................... 135 
Determination Agent Determination ............ 220 
Determination 
Agent 
Determination 
of 
Settlement Rate ........................................ 232 
Determination Date ....... 212, 230, 248, 271, 368 
Determination Month ................................... 368 
Determination Month (Final) ....................... 368 
Determination Month (Initial) ...................... 368 
Determination Month (m)............................. 368 
Determination Month (n) .............................. 368 
Determination Month Table ......................... 369 
Determination Time ............................. 212, 271 
Digital Barrier Value .................................... 369 
Digital Condition .......................................... 313 
Digital Condition Determination Date ......... 314 
Digital Condition Fixed Rate ........................ 314 
Digital Option Interest .................................. 313 
Digital Option Interest Rate .......................... 313 
Digital Reference Rate ................................. 314 
Disappearance of Commodity Reference Price
 ................................................................. 219 
Disappearance 
or 
Non-commencement 
of 
Futures Contract or Settlement Price ....... 266 
Disputes ........................................................ 300 
Disrupted Day........................ 210, 212, 248, 271 
Disruption Event............................248, 447, 926 
Distribution Agent .............................. 995, 1007 
Distribution Agreement ................................ 995 
distributor ...................................................... viii 
DISTRIBUTOR............. 457, 866, 869, 870, 904 
DJ UBS Commodity Index ........................... 229 
DJ UBSCI Manual ........................................ 229 
DJ-UBS CI ................................................... 443 
Downside Gearing Rate ................................ 369 
DR Amendment ............................................ 212 
Drawdown Prospectus ............................ ii, 1005 
DTCC ............................................................... vi 
Early Closure ........................................ 210, 212 
Early Preference Share Redemption Note 
Amount ............................................. 136, 258 
Early Redemption (Put) Option Cut-Off Date
 .................................................................. 446 
Early Redemption (Put) Option Notice ......... 446 
Early Redemption (Put) Option Receipt ....... 447 
Early Redemption Amount ........................... 135 
Early Redemption Amount (Monetisation) ... 445 
Early Redemption Amount (Put) .................. 446 
Early Redemption Amount (Tax).................. 136 
Early Redemption Amount (Tax) - Fair Market 
Value ........................................................ 137 
Early Redemption Amount (Tax) - Fair Market 
Value Less Costs ...................................... 136 
Early Redemption Amount (Tax) – Par ........ 137 
Early Redemption Date (Put) ........................ 446 
Early Redemption Event ....................... 258, 446 
Early Redemption Valuation Date ................ 258 
ECB ............................................................... 137 
ECB €STR Guideline .................................... 137 
ECB’s Website .............................................. 137 
EEA ................ ix, 137, 456, 865, 868, 903, 1007 
Eligible ETF Interest ..................................... 213 
EMMI ..............................................................iii 
Equity-Linked Interest Notes ........................ 186 
Equity-Linked Notes ..................................... 186 
Equity-Linked Redemption Notes................. 186 
ERISA ..................................................... 17, 936 
ESMA ..............................................................iii 
ETF ......................................... 39, 213, 498, 628 
ETF Basket Notes ......................................... 186 
ETF Basket-Linked Interest Notes ................ 186 
ETF Basket-Linked Redemption Notes ........ 186 
ETF Documents ............................................ 213 
ETF Interest .................................................. 213 
ETF Service Provider .................................... 213

--- Page 1031 ---
Index of Defined Terms 
 
 
 
1031 
 
ETF-Linked Notes .......................................... 15 
ETF-shares ................................................... 967 
EU Benchmarks Regulation ........................... 43 
EUR .................................................................. x 
EURIBOR ................................................. iii, 44 
euro ................................................................... x 
Eurobond Basis............................................. 134 
Euroclear ................................................ 72, 137 
Euroclear Agreement .....................13, 129, 1005 
Euroclear Operator ..................................... 1005 
Euroclear Registrar ............................... 129, 137 
Event of Default ........................................... 286 
Exchange ............................... 213, 229, 248, 272 
Exchange Business Day ....................... 210, 214 
Exchange Disruption .....................210, 214, 272 
Exempt Notes .................................................... i 
Expiry Date .................................................. 272 
Extraordinary Dividend ........................ 214, 249 
Extraordinary ETF Event ..................... 203, 214 
Extraordinary ETF Event Notice Date ......... 203 
Extraordinary Event ............................. 214, 258 
Extraordinary Event Notice Date ................. 198 
Extraordinary Resolution.............................. 137 
Failure to Announce or Publish .................... 272 
Fallback Bond............................................... 240 
Fallback FX Spot Rate ......................... 227, 294 
Fallback Rate Determination ........................ 137 
Fallback Reference Price ...................... 219, 232 
Fallback SOFR ............................................. 137 
FATCA ........................................................... 34 
FDAP income ............................................... 941 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York’s Website
 ................................................................. 137 
FICC ................................................................ vi 
Final Bonus Amount .................................... 137 
Final Cut-off Date ................................ 248, 249 
Final Digital Amount .................................... 351 
Final Downside Amount343, 344, 345, 347, 350, 
351, 352, 354 
Final Redemption Amount ........................... 137 
Final Redemption Barrier Value ................... 369 
Final Redemption Barrier Value 1 ................ 369 
Final Redemption Barrier Value 2 ................ 369 
Final Redemption Cap Value ........................ 369 
Final Redemption Determination Date(s) ..... 369 
Final Redemption Floor Value ...................... 369 
Final Redemption Observation Dates ........... 369 
Final Redemption Rate ................................. 370 
Final Redemption Rate 1 .............................. 370 
Final Redemption Rate 2 .............................. 370 
Final Reference Value370, 399, 400, 401, 402, 
403, 404, 405, 406, 407, 408, 409, 410, 412, 
413, 414, 416, 417, 419, 420, 421, 423, 424, 
426, 427, 429, 430, 431, 433, 434, 436, 437, 
439, 440 
Final Reference Value (Autocall) ................. 370 
Final Reference Value (Coupon) .................. 370 
Final Reference Value (Final Redemption) .. 370 
Final Reference Valuei367, 412, 413, 414, 416, 
417, 419, 420, 422, 423, 424, 426, 428, 429, 
430, 432, 433, 434, 436, 437, 439, 440 
Final Terms ............................................... ii, 128 
Final Upside Amount343, 344, 346, 347, 348, 
349, 350, 351, 352, 353, 355 
Final Valuation Date ..................................... 382 
Finance Act 2017 .......................................... 973 
Finance Act 2019 .......................................... 973 
FINMA ..........................................................viii 
Finnish CSD .................................................. 138 
Finnish Issuing Agent ................................... 138 
Finnish Notes ................................................ 138 
FinSA ............................................. vi, 460, 1002 
FinSO .......................................................... 1002 
First Alternative Commodity Reference Price
 .................................................................. 443 
first currency ................................................. 291 
First Nearby Month ............................... 442, 443 
first Person .................................................... 150 
Fiscal Agent .................................................. 128 
Fiscal Decree linked to the Finance Act 2020
 .................................................................. 973 
Fitch .................................................... 138, 1007 
Fixed Coupon Amount .................................. 138

--- Page 1032 ---
Index of Defined Terms 
 
 
 
1032 
 
Fixed Interest Rate ................................ 138, 314 
Fixed Leg Day Count Basis .......................... 138 
Fixed Rate Notes Provisions ........................ 307 
Fixed Redemption ........................................ 136 
Fixed to Floating Notes ................................ 307 
Floating Interest Rate ....................138, 156, 314 
Floating Leg Day Count Basis ..................... 138 
Floating Leg Rate Option ............................. 138 
Floating Rate Notes Provisions .................... 308 
Floating to Fixed Notes ................................ 307 
Floor ...... 402, 403, 406, 407, 420, 421, 430, 431 
Floor Value ........................................... 388, 392 
Floored Floating Rate Notes ......................... 308 
Floored Performance .................................... 402 
Floori ..................................... 416, 417, 426, 427 
Force Majeure Event ...................... 35, 253, 447 
foreign passthru payments ............................ 941 
Fractional Entitlement .................................. 367 
Fractional Entitlement FRV(WPBC) ............ 367 
Fractional Entitlement FRVi ......................... 367 
Fractional Entitlementi ................................. 367 
Frequency of Fund Interest Valuation .......... 249 
FSMA ........................................................... 997 
FTC .............................................................. 964 
FTT ................................................964, 977, 994 
Fund .............................................................. 249 
Fund Administrator ...................................... 249 
Fund Adviser ........................................ 249, 919 
Fund Basket-Linked Interest Notes .............. 187 
Fund Basket-Linked Notes ........................... 187 
Fund Basket-Linked Redemption Notes ....... 187 
Fund Business Day ....................................... 249 
Fund Documents........................................... 249 
Fund Event ................................................... 249 
Fund Event Notice ................................ 245, 254 
Fund Interest ........................................... 41, 254 
Fund Interest Currency ................................. 254 
Fund Reporting Date .................................... 254 
Fund Service Provider .................................. 254 
Fund Service Provider Insolvency Event ..... 929 
Fund Unit ...................................................... 918 
Fund Valuation Date ..................................... 254 
Fund-Linked Interest Notes .......................... 187 
Fund-Linked Notes ........................... 16, 41, 187 
Fund-Linked Redemption Notes ................... 187 
Futures Contract .............................. 60, 229, 272 
Futures Contract Basket-Linked Interest Notes
 .................................................................. 187 
Futures Contract Basket-Linked Notes ......... 187 
Futures Contract Sponsor .............................. 272 
Futures Contract Underlier(s) ....................... 272 
Futures Contract-Linked Interest Notes ........ 187 
Futures Contract-Linked Notes ..................... 187 
Futures Contracts-Linked Notes ..................... 16 
FX Rate ......................................................... 371 
FXCoupon ......................................................... 370 
FXFinal ............................................................ 370 
FXFinal Determination Date............................ 370 
FXFinalOption ..................................................... 371 
FXFinalOption Determination Date .................... 371 
FXFinalPrincipal ................................................... 371 
FXFinalPrincipal Determination Date ................... 371 
FXInitial ........................................................... 371 
FXInitial Determination Date ........................... 371 
FXInitialOption .................................................... 371 
FXInitialOption Determination Date ................... 371 
FXInitialPrincipal .................................................. 371 
FXInitialPrincipal Determination Date .................. 371 
General Conditions ................................. 14, 128 
General Terms and Conditions ............... 14, 128 
German Disbursing Agent ............................ 967 
Global Cap Value .......................................... 395 
Global Floor Value ....................................... 394 
Global Instrument ........................................... 73 
Global Note Certificate ................................... 73 
Global Note Certificate ................................. 907 
Global Note Certificate exchangeable for 
Individual Note Certificates ...................... 907 
GOLD-P.M. FIX ........................................... 442 
Guarantee ...................................................... 128

--- Page 1033 ---
Index of Defined Terms 
 
 
 
1033 
 
Guaranteed Securities ................................. 1005 
Guarantor ........................................ ii, 128, 1005 
Hedge Positions .............................229, 235, 241 
Hedging Disruption214, 229, 235, 241, 258, 272 
Hedging Party ....................................... 252, 254 
Highest Performance .................................... 371 
Highest Reference Value .............................. 371 
HMRC .......................................................... 943 
holder ............................................................ 152 
holder of Notes ............................................. 153 
Hong Kong Business Day ............................ 296 
Hypothetical Investor ................................... 254 
i 392, 393, 394, 395, 412, 413, 414, 415, 417, 
418, 420, 421, 423, 424, 426, 427, 428, 430, 
431, 433, 434, 436, 437, 438, 440 
Ice Brent NX ................................................ 443 
ICMA Rule Book ......................................... 133 
ICRA ............................................................ 446 
IGA ................................................................. 34 
Illegality Event ............................................. 287 
Illiquidity Event ............................................ 267 
Implementation of Financial Transaction Tax 
Event ........................................................ 138 
imposta sostitutiva ........................................ 972 
Inconvertibility Early Redemption Amount . 294 
Inconvertibility Early Redemption Date ....... 293 
Inconvertibility Event ........................... 226, 452 
Inconvertibility Specified Currency ..... 229, 295 
Incorporated Information.............................. 105 
Increased Cost of Hedging214, 229, 235, 241, 
258, 272 
Index ..................................................... 214, 912 
Index Adjustment Event ............................... 214 
Index Base Date ............................................ 915 
Index Basket Notes ....................................... 186 
Index Basket-Linked Interest Notes ............. 186 
Index Basket-Linked Redemption Notes ...... 186 
Index Calculation Agent ............................... 915 
Index Cancellation ........................................ 194 
Index Committee .......................................... 932 
Index Component ......................................... 913 
Index Description .......................................... 912 
Index Disruption ........................................... 195 
Index Live Date ............................................. 915 
Index Methodology ............................... 229, 912 
Index Modification........................................ 195 
Index Rules ................................................... 912 
Index Sponsor ....................................... 214, 915 
Index-Linked Notes ........................................ 15 
Individual Note Certificates .......................... 907 
Inflation Index ............................................... 241 
Inflation Index Sponsor ................................. 241 
Inflation-Linked Interest Notes ..................... 187 
Inflation-Linked Notes ............................ 16, 187 
Inflation-Linked Redemption Notes ............. 187 
Inheritance and Gift Tax Law ....................... 986 
Initial Inflation Index Level .......................... 371 
Initial Reference Value371, 382, 400, 401, 402, 
403, 404, 405, 406, 408, 409, 410, 412, 414, 
416, 417, 419, 420, 422, 423, 425, 426, 428, 
429, 430, 432, 433, 435, 436, 437, 439, 440 
Initial Reference Valuei371, 412, 414, 416, 417, 
419, 420, 422, 423, 425, 426, 428, 429, 430, 
432, 433, 435, 436, 437, 439, 440 
Initial Valuation Date .................................... 258 
Insolvency ..................................... 200, 210, 258 
Insolvency Filing .................................. 214, 258 
interest ................................................... 944, 984 
Interest .......................................................... 974 
Interest Amount ............................................ 138 
Interest Basis ................................................. 138 
Interest Basis Table ....................................... 307 
Interest Cap ................................................... 372 
Interest Commencement Date ....................... 139 
Interest Determination Date .................. 139, 230 
Interest Determination Dates ................ 372, 382 
Interest Floor ................................................. 372 
Interest Participation Rate ............................. 139 
Interest Participation Rate 1 .......................... 140 
Interest Participation Rate 2 .......................... 140 
Interest Payment Date ................................... 140 
Interest Payment Delay ................................. 140

--- Page 1034 ---
Index of Defined Terms 
 
 
 
1034 
 
Interest Period....................................... 141, 372 
Interest Period End Date ............................... 141 
Interest Specified Day(s) .............................. 141 
Intermediaries ............................................... 978 
Intervening Period ........................................ 282 
Intraday Value387, 388, 389, 390, 391, 392, 393, 
394, 395 
Intraday Valuei ...................... 392, 393, 394, 395 
Inverse Floater Interest Rate ......................... 314 
Investment Fund ........................................... 973 
Investor ........................................................... 84 
IOSCO .......................................................... 932 
IRAP ............................................................. 973 
IRES ............................................................. 973 
Irish Companies Act ................................... 1000 
IRPEF ........................................................... 974 
IRS ................................... 34, 842, 843, 892, 938 
ISDA Bespoke Fallbacks .............................. 141 
ISDA Definitions .......................................... 141 
ISDA Fallback Adjustment .......................... 141 
ISDA Fallback Rate ...................................... 141 
ISDA Generic Fallbacks ............................... 141 
ISDA Rate .................................................... 157 
Issue and Paying Agency Agreement13, 
128, 
1005 
Issue Date ..................................................... 141 
Issue Terms ........................................ ii, 14, 128 
Issuer .............................................. ii, 128, 1005 
Issuer Costs Reimbursement Amount .......... 447 
ITA ............................................................... 966 
January 2019 Form of Final Terms ................ 98 
Japanese Yen .................................................... x 
July 2013 Form of Final Terms ...................... 95 
July 2019 Form of Final Terms ...................... 99 
July 2019 Form of Pricing Supplement ........ 100 
July 2020 Form of Final Terms .................... 100 
July 2020 Form of Pricing Supplement ........ 101 
Knock-in Barrier Level................................. 372 
Knock-in Barrier Level (1) ........................... 372 
Knock-in Barrier Level (2) ........................... 372 
Knock-in Value ..................................... 372, 382 
Last Trading Day .......................................... 442 
LBD .............................................................. 141 
Leverage................................................ 314, 315 
Leverage 1 ............................................. 312, 314 
Leverage 2 ............................................. 312, 314 
Leverage 3 ..................................................... 312 
Linked Interest Notes .................................... 187 
Linked Notes ................................................. 303 
Linked Redemption Notes ............................ 141 
Lock In Observation Dates ........................... 373 
Lock In Steps ................................................ 373 
Lock In Steps Range ..................................... 373 
London Banking Day .................................... 141 
Loss of Stock Borrow ................................... 215 
Lower Barrier Value ..................................... 311 
Lower Coupon Barrier Value ........................ 382 
Lowest Basket Component Performance ...... 373 
Luxembourg Law on Prospectuses ................... v 
Luxembourg Regulated Market ....................... vi 
March 2020 Form of Final Terms ................... 99 
March 2021 Form of Final Terms ................. 101 
March 2021 Form of Pricing Supplement ..... 101 
Margin ........................................................... 142 
Margin 1 ........................................................ 142 
Margin 2 ........................................................ 142 
Market Disruption Event ............... 210, 215, 272 
Market Exchange Rate .................................. 142 
Material Change in Content .......... 120, 219, 267 
Material Change in Formula ......... 120, 219, 266 
Maturity Date ........................................ 142, 382 
Max Loss Rate .............................................. 374 
Maximum Lock in Step .................................. 69 
Maximum Lock In Step ................................ 374 
Maximum Notice Number of Day(s) ............ 278 
May 2015 Form of Final Terms ...................... 96 
Member State .................................................... x 
Merger Date .......................................... 198, 258 
Merger Event ........................ 199, 207, 209, 258

--- Page 1035 ---
Index of Defined Terms 
 
 
 
1035 
 
Merger Event Settlement Amount – Fair Market 
Value ........................................................ 199 
Merger Event Settlement Amount – Fair Market 
Value Less Costs ...................................... 199 
Mid-Market Quotations ................................ 142 
MiFID II ....................... vi, ix, 84, 456, 868, 903 
MIFID II ....................................................... 865 
MiFID II Regulations ................................. 1000 
MiFID Product Governance Rules ................ viii 
Min ............................................................... 374 
Min Lookback Value .................................... 387 
Minimum Notice Number of Day(s) ............ 278 
Minimum Redemption Amount ................... 446 
Modified Postponement................................ 261 
Moody's .............................................. 142, 1007 
Morgan Stanley ....................... i, 128, 915, 1005 
Morgan Stanley Base Prospectus ............... 1008 
Morgan Stanley Deed of Covenant ........ 18, 129 
Morgan Stanley Group ................................... 54 
Morgan Stanley Notes .................................. 142 
MS Dynamic Fund Allocation Index Family 912 
MSBV.............................................. i, 128, 1005 
MSBV Base Prospectus .............................. 1008 
MSBV Deed of Covenant ....................... 18, 129 
MSBV Notes ............................................ ii, 142 
MSFL .............................................. i, 128, 1005 
MSFL Base Prospectus............................... 1008 
MSFL Deed of Covenant........................ 18, 129 
MSFL Notes ............................................. ii, 142 
MSI plc ............................................ i, 128, 1005 
MSI plc Base Prospectus ............................ 1008 
MSI plc Deed of Covenant ..................... 18, 129 
MSI plc Notes ............................................... 142 
MTF ................................................................ 43 
Multi-Exchange Index .................................. 215 
Multiplier ...................................................... 374 
n 382, 392, 393, 394, 395, 412, 413, 414, 415, 
417, 418, 420, 421, 423, 424, 426, 427, 428, 
430, 431, 433, 434, 436, 437, 438, 446 
N 378, 440 
Nationalisation...............................200, 210, 259 
NCSD .................................................... 142, 908 
NCSD Register ............................................. 142 
NCSD Rules .......................................... 142, 908 
New Safekeeping Structure ..................... 14, 907 
New York Federal Reserve ........................ iii, 49 
New Zealand Dollars ........................................ x 
N-n ................................................................ 440 
No Underlying Determination Event Maturity 
Date .......................................................... 382 
No Underlying Determination Event Valuation 
Date .......................................................... 382 
Non-Deliverable Substitute Settlement Date 296 
Non-exempt Offer ................................... 84, 996 
Nordic Issuing Agent ............................ 129, 142 
Nordic Notes ........................... 14, 142, 151, 907 
Note Certificate ............................................. 152 
Noteholder .................................... 152, 153, 909 
Noteholder Par Value .................................... 377 
Noteholders ........................................... 129, 943 
Notes .......................................... i, 128, 129, 943 
Notes issued under the Program ............... i, 1005 
Notice of Inconvertibility .............................. 293 
November 2020 Form of Final Terms .......... 101 
NRIT Law ..................................................... 986 
NRIT Regulations ......................................... 986 
NSS ......................................................... 14, 907 
Number of Exchange Business Days (Barrier 
Condition Satisfied) .................................. 374 
Number of Exchange Business Days (Total) 374 
Number of Observation Dates (Barrier Condition 
Satisfied) ........................................... 374, 382 
Number of Observation Dates (Barrier Condition 
Satisfied) ................................................... 573 
Number 
of 
Observation 
Days 
(Accrual 
Condition Satisfied) .................................. 311 
NZD .................................................................. x 
Observation Date .......... 215, 230, 254, 273, 374 
Observation Dates ................. 383, 387, 388, 389 
Observation Period........................................ 375 
October 2016 Form of Final Terms ................ 97 
October 2017 Form of Final Terms ................ 97 
October 2018 Form of Final Terms ................ 98

--- Page 1036 ---
Index of Defined Terms 
 
 
 
1036 
 
October 2019 Form of Final Terms ................ 99 
offer of Notes to the public ................... 996, 998 
Offer Period .................................... 84, 841, 891 
Official List ..................................................... vi 
Offshore CNY Centre ................................... 296 
OFPs ............................................................. 954 
OIL-BRENT-ICE-A ..................................... 442 
OIL-BRENT-ICE-B ..................................... 443 
OIL-BRENT-ICE-C ..................................... 443 
Omission....................................................... 261 
opening data ................................................. 215 
Opening Value387, 388, 389, 390, 391, 392, 393, 
394, 395 
Opening Valuei ...................... 392, 393, 394, 395 
Operator .......................................... 14, 153, 908 
Operator register of eligible debt securities .. 153 
Optimised Initial Reference Value ....... 410, 411 
Optimised Observation Date ................ 410, 411 
Optimised Performance (Type 1) ................. 409 
Optimised Performance (Type 2) ................. 410 
Optional Redemption Amount (Call) ........... 142 
Optional Redemption Amount (Put)............. 143 
Optional Redemption Date (Call) ................. 143 
Optional Redemption Date (Put) .................. 143 
Original Base Prospectus1010, 
1011, 
1012, 
1013, 1014, 1015, 1016, 1017, 1018, 1019 
Original Determination ..................196, 197, 269 
other investment income............................... 984 
Other Underlying Interest Linked Notes ...... 179 
OTM Performance ........................................ 375 
OTM Performance (Single Underlying) ....... 408 
OTM Rate .............................. 375, 409, 438, 439 
OTM Ratei ............................................ 438, 439 
outstanding ................................................... 151 
Participating Member State .......................... 143 
participating Member States ......................... 994 
participating securities .................................. 153 
Participation Rate .................... 64, 259, 375, 383 
Participation Rate (Call) ............................... 143 
Participation Rate (Put) ................................ 143 
Participation Rate 1 ....................................... 375 
Participation Rate 2 ....................................... 375 
Paying Agents ............................................... 128 
Payment Business Day .......................... 143, 910 
PBOC .............................................................. 38 
Performance .......................................... 375, 913 
Performance Cap ........................................... 375 
Performance Determination Date .................. 399 
Performance Determination Terms ............... 399 
Performance Rate375, 399, 400, 401, 402, 403, 
404, 405, 406, 407, 408, 409, 410, 412, 413, 
414, 416, 417, 418, 420, 421, 423, 424, 426, 
427, 428, 430, 431, 433, 434, 436, 437, 439, 
440 
Person ........................................................... 143 
Physical Delivery Amount ............................ 284 
Physical Delivery FX Determination Date.... 375 
Physical Delivery FX Rate ............................ 375 
Physical Settlement Date .............................. 284 
Physical Settlement Notes ....................... 16, 143 
PIDD Reference Value ......................... 400, 413 
PIT Law ........................................................ 986 
PIT Regulations ............................................ 986 
Postponement ........................................ 220, 261 
Potential Adjustment Event205, 206, 208, 209, 
215, 254 
PRC ............................................................... 147 
Preference Share Calculation Agent ............... 79 
Preference Share Determination Date ........... 383 
Preference Share Issuer ........................... 58, 259 
Preference Share Underlying .................. 58, 935 
Preference Share Value ......................... 259, 383 
Preference Share Valueearly .................... 259, 383 
Preference Share Valuefinal .................... 259, 383 
Preference Share Valueinitial ................... 259, 383 
Preference Share-Linked Notes............... 16, 187 
Preference Shares ............................ 58, 259, 935 
Preference Shares Calculation Agent ............ 935 
Price Materiality Event ................................. 231 
Price Materiality Percentage ......................... 235 
Price Source .................................................. 229

--- Page 1037 ---
Index of Defined Terms 
 
 
 
1037 
 
Price Source Disruption .................218, 231, 266 
Pricing Date .................................................. 229 
Pricing Supplement ........................ ii, 128, 1005 
PRIIPs Regulation ................... ix, 456, 868, 903 
PRIIPS REGULATION ............................... 865 
Primary Rate ................................................. 235 
Principal Financial Centre ............................ 143 
Principles ...................................................... 932 
Prior Coupon Amount .......................... 375, 383 
Proceedings .................................................. 300 
Program ..................................... i, 13, 128, 1005 
Program Securities .................................. i, 1005 
Proprietary Index .......................................... 216 
Proprietary Index Component ...................... 216 
Proprietary Index Components ..................... 216 
Prospectus Regulationi, v, 459, 867, 871, 905, 
1010, 1011, 1012, 1013, 1014, 1015, 1016, 
1017, 1018, 1019, 1020 
PROSPECTUS REGULATION456, 865, 868, 
903 
Public Offer .................................................. 998 
Public Offer Jurisdictions ............................. 841 
Put Monetisation Notice ............................... 444 
Put Option Exercise Date ............................. 143 
Put Option Exercise Period .......................... 143 
Put Option Notice ......................................... 144 
Put Option Receipt ....................................... 144 
Put Performance399, 400, 401, 402, 403, 404, 
405, 406, 407 
Put Strike ...................................................... 375 
Qualified Financial Institution ...................... 144 
Qualified Financial Institution Determination
 ................................................................. 136 
qualified index .............................................. 940 
Qualifying Treaty ................................. 144, 939 
r 446 
R&I ............................................................. 1007 
Range Accrual Notes .................................... 308 
Rate 1.................................................... 312, 314 
Rate 2.................................................... 312, 314 
Rate 3............................................................ 312 
Rate Calculation Date ................................... 235 
Rate Cut-Off Date ......................................... 311 
Rate Cut-Off Period ...................................... 311 
Rate of Interest .............................. 144, 156, 309 
Rate Table ..................................................... 144 
Real Estate SICAF ........................................ 973 
Realised Volatility ......................................... 913 
Rebased Inflation Index ................................ 238 
Record ........................................................... 153 
Record Date .......................................... 280, 911 
Redemption Amount ..................................... 144 
Redemption Determination Date .................. 275 
Redemption Expenses ................................... 144 
Redemption Notice Date ............................... 255 
Redemption Proceeds .................................... 255 
Redemption Valuation Date .......................... 255 
Redenomination Date .................................... 292 
Reduced Calculation Amount ....................... 376 
Reference Banks ........................................... 144 
Reference Currency ...................................... 235 
Reference Currency Jurisdiction ................... 235 
Reference Cut-Off Date ........................ 216, 273 
Reference Date .............................. 216, 255, 273 
Reference Dealers ......................... 227, 229, 235 
Reference Month ........................................... 241 
Reference Price ..................................... 144, 255 
Reference Rate .............................................. 144 
Reference Source .......................................... 235 
Reference Time ............................................. 145 
Reference Value ............................................ 376 
Reference Valuei ........................................... 413 
Register ......................................................... 145 
Registered Notes ............................. 13, 151, 907 
Registrar ........................................................ 128 
Registration Document ................................... 22 
Regular Date ................................................. 155 
Regular Interest Period ................................. 155 
Regular Interest Period Notes ....................... 155 
Regulation ..................................................... 915 
Regulation S .................................................. 995

--- Page 1038 ---
Index of Defined Terms 
 
 
 
1038 
 
Regulations ..................................... 14, 153, 908 
Regulatory Event .................................. 145, 449 
Related Bond ................................................ 241 
Related Exchange ......................................... 216 
Related Underlying Index..................... 204, 450 
Relevant Authority ............................... 145, 449 
Relevant Clearing System ............................ 145 
Relevant Commodity Benchmark ................ 229 
Relevant Currency ................................ 230, 295 
Relevant Date ................................145, 189, 230 
Relevant Day ................................................ 157 
Relevant Determination Date ....................... 145 
Relevant Disrupted Amount ......................... 295 
Relevant Equity Index Benchmark ............... 217 
Relevant Factor..................................... 376, 383 
Relevant Financial Centre ............................ 147 
relevant financial institution ........................... 26 
Relevant Futures Contract Benchmark ......... 273 
Relevant FX Benchmark .............................. 235 
Relevant Governmental Body ...................... 147 
Relevant Hedging Transaction ..................... 252 
Relevant Inflation Index ............................... 376 
Relevant Inflation Index (Initial) .................. 376 
Relevant Inflation Index (N) ........................ 376 
Relevant Instruments .................................... 977 
Relevant Jurisdiction ............................ 230, 295 
Relevant Level .............................................. 236 
Relevant London Banking Day .................... 169 
Relevant Participating Instruments ............... 977 
Relevant Price............................................... 230 
Relevant Rate ....................................... 139, 142 
Relevant Rates Benchmark ........................... 147 
Relevant Screen Page ........................... 147, 376 
Relevant Securities ..................................... 1005 
Relevant State ............................................... 996 
Relevant Swap Rate ...................................... 163 
relevant system ............................................. 153 
Relevant TARGET Settlement Day ............. 172 
Relevant Time .............................................. 147 
Relevant Tokyo Banking Day ...................... 178 
relevant UK Regulatory Authority .................. 26 
Relevant Underlying ................. 15, 39, 295, 303 
Relevant Underlying Currency ....................... 31 
Relevant Underlying Performance ................ 376 
Relevant Underlying Performance (Autocall)
 .................................................................. 376 
Relevant Underlying Performance (Put) ....... 376 
Relevant Underlying Performancet ............... 376 
Relevant Underlying Value ... 217, 230, 278, 376 
Relevant Underlyings .......................................iii 
Relevant Weighting .............. 433, 434, 436, 439 
Relevant Zurich Banking Day ....................... 175 
RELIBI Law ................................................. 979 
Removal Value ............................................. 256 
Renminbi ................................................... x, 147 
Replacement Determination .......... 196, 197, 269 
Replacement DRs.......................................... 217 
Replacement Value ....................................... 299 
Reported Fund Interest Unit Value ............... 256 
Reserved Matter ............................................ 147 
Reset Barrier Value ....................................... 376 
Reset Initial Reference Value ................. 66, 376 
Reset Observation Date ................................. 377 
Reset Rate ..................................................... 377 
Responsible Persons........................................ 84 
Reverse Merger ............................................. 199 
Right to Redemption ............................. 148, 298 
Right to Redemption Notice ......................... 148 
Right to Redemption Receipt ........................ 148 
S&P ..................................................... 148, 1007 
S&P Commodity Index ................................. 230 
SAION Index Average .................................. 174 
SARON ......................................................... 148 
SARON Compound with Lookback ............. 173 
SARON Compound with Observation Period 
Shift .......................................................... 173 
SARON Compound with Payment Delay ..... 174 
Scheduled Automatic Early Redemption Date
 .................................................................. 148 
Scheduled Averaging Date............ 217, 256, 273 
Scheduled Closing Time ............... 210, 217, 273

--- Page 1039 ---
Index of Defined Terms 
 
 
 
1039 
 
Scheduled Fund Valuation Date ................... 256 
Scheduled Interest Payment Date ......... 311, 377 
Scheduled Maturity Date .............................. 148 
Scheduled Redemption Payment Date ......... 256 
Scheduled Redemption Valuation Date ........ 256 
Scheduled Reference Date .............217, 256, 273 
Scheduled Trading Day . 210, 217, 273, 377, 383 
SEB Issuing and Paying Agent Agreement ... 13, 
129, 1005 
SEC ................................................................ 86 
second currency ............................................ 291 
Second Currency .......................................... 377 
second Person ............................................... 150 
Secondary Rate ............................................. 236 
Securities Act ....................................... vii, 1004 
Securities Note ............................................. 906 
Selected Absolute Average Basic Performance
 ................................................................. 423 
Selected Absolute Average Global Capped & 
Floored Performance ................................ 431 
Selected Absolute Average Global Capped 
Performance ............................................. 428 
Selected Absolute Average Global Floored 
Performance ............................................. 430 
Selected Absolute Average Individually Capped 
& Floored Performance ............................ 427 
Selected Absolute Average Individually Capped 
Performance ............................................. 424 
Selected Absolute Average Individually Floored 
Performance ............................................. 426 
Selected Average Basic Performance ........... 412 
Selected Average Global Capped & Floored 
Performance ............................................. 421 
Selected Average Global Capped Performance
 ................................................................. 418 
Selected Average Global Floored Performance
 ................................................................. 420 
Selected Average Individually Capped & 
Floored Performance ................................ 417 
Selected 
Average 
Individually 
Capped 
Performance ............................................. 414 
Selected 
Average 
Individually 
Floored 
Performance ............................................. 415 
Selected Average Lock In Performance ....... 438 
Selected Average OTM Performance ........... 437 
Selected Average Top Rank Performance .... 440 
Selected Basket Component413, 415, 416, 417, 
418, 419, 420, 421, 422, 424, 425, 427, 428, 
429, 430, 431, 432, 434, 435, 437, 438, 439, 
440, 441 
Selected Best Performing Basket Components
 .................................................................. 377 
Selected Cliquet Average Performance ........ 413 
Selected Worst Performing Basket Components
 .................................................................. 378 
Selection of – Non Equally Weighted Average 
Performance .............................................. 435 
Selling Agent .................................................. 72 
Series ....................................................... 13, 128 
Settlement Currency ................................ 31, 236 
Settlement Cycle ........................................... 217 
Settlement Cycle Day ................................... 217 
Settlement Disruption Event ........... 36, 283, 284 
Settlement Price ............................................ 273 
Settlement Rate ............................................. 236 
Settlement Rate Option ................................. 236 
Share ............................................. 217, 495, 625 
Share Basket Notes ....................................... 186 
Share Basket-Linked Interest Notes .............. 186 
Share Basket-Linked Redemption Notes ...... 186 
Share Issuer ................................................... 217 
Share-Linked Notes ........................................ 15 
SICAF ........................................................... 973 
SICAV .......................................................... 973 
Sienna UK ..................................................... 935 
Single CMS Rate........................................... 163 
Single Commodity-Linked Interest Notes .... 186 
Single Commodity-Linked Notes ................. 186 
Single Commodity-Linked Redemption Notes
 .................................................................. 186 
Single Currency-Linked Notes ...................... 187 
Single Currency-Linked Redemption Notes . 187 
Single ETF Notes .......................................... 186 
Single ETF-Linked Interest Notes ................ 186 
Single ETF-Linked Redemption Notes ......... 186 
Single Fund-Linked Interest Notes ............... 187 
Single Fund-Linked Notes ............................ 187

--- Page 1040 ---
Index of Defined Terms 
 
 
 
1040 
 
Single Fund-Linked Redemption Notes ....... 187 
Single Futures Contract-Linked Interest Notes
 ................................................................. 187 
Single Futures Contract-Linked Notes ......... 187 
Single Index Notes ....................................... 186 
Single Index-Linked Interest Notes .............. 186 
Single Index-Linked Redemption Notes ...... 186 
Single Share Notes ....................................... 186 
Single Share-Linked Interest Notes .............. 186 
Single Share-Linked Redemption Notes ...... 186 
Single Underlying ......................................... 303 
Single-Currency-Linked Interest Notes ........ 187 
SOFR ............................................................ 148 
SOFR Compound with Lookback ................ 164 
SOFR Compound with Observation Period Shift
 ................................................................. 165 
SOFR Compound with Payment Delay ........ 165 
SOFR Index Average ................................... 166 
SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date...................... 148, 149 
SONIA .......................................................... 148 
SONIA Compound with Lookback .............. 167 
SONIA Compound with Observation Period 
Shift .......................................................... 168 
SONIA Compound with Payment Delay ...... 168 
SONIA Index Average ................................. 169 
Source Data .................................................. 926 
Specified Amount ......................................... 236 
Specified Currency ............................... 149, 378 
Specified Day(s) ........................................... 149 
Specified Denomination(s) ........................... 149 
Specified Final Redemption Barrier Values . 378 
Specified Final Redemption Rate ................. 378 
Specified Fixed Leg ...................................... 149 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption ...... 230 
Specified Number of Common Scheduled 
Trading Days ............................................ 273 
Specified Number of Scheduled Trading Days
 ................................................................. 273 
Specified Office ............................................ 149 
Specified Percentage 1 ................................. 378 
Specified Percentage 2 ................................. 378 
Specified Period ............................................ 149 
Specified Price .............................................. 228 
Specified Product Value ............................... 304 
Specified Rate ......................... 69, 149, 236, 378 
Specified Rate 1 ............................................ 378 
Specified Rate 2 ............................................ 378 
Specified Strike Value .................................. 378 
Specified Swap Rate ..................................... 149 
Specified Time ...................................... 236, 378 
Sponsor ......................................................... 223 
Spot Rate ....................................................... 236 
Spot Value387, 388, 389, 390, 391, 392, 393, 
394, 395 
Spot Valuei ............................ 392, 393, 394, 395 
Spread ........................................... 313, 314, 378 
Spread CMS Rate .......................................... 163 
Steepener Interest Rate ................................. 312 
Steepener Notes ............................................ 312 
Step-Down ...................................................... 69 
Step-Down Notes .......................................... 307 
Step-Up ........................................................... 69 
Step-Up Notes ............................................... 307 
Sterling .............................................................. x 
Stock Exchange Tax Representative ............. 955 
Strike378, 399, 400, 401, 402, 403, 404, 405, 
406, 407, 412, 413, 414, 416, 417, 419, 420, 
421, 423, 424, 426, 427, 429, 430, 431, 433, 
434, 436, 441 
Strike 1 .......................................................... 314 
Strike 2 .......................................................... 314 
Strike Date .................................... 149, 256, 273 
Structured Rate Linked Notes ....................... 179 
subsidiary ...................................................... 150 
Substitute .............................................. 297, 453 
Substitute Inflation Index Level .................... 241 
Substitution Date ................................... 150, 299 
Substitution Event ......................................... 297 
Substitution Redemption Date .............. 150, 299 
sub-unit ................................................. 155, 179 
Successor ETF Interest ......................... 204, 450 
Successor Fund Interest ................................ 246

--- Page 1041 ---
Index of Defined Terms 
 
 
 
1041 
 
Successor Futures Contract .......................... 273 
Successor Index .................................... 193, 223 
Successor Inflation Index ..................... 237, 241 
Successor Share/ETF Interest ............... 199, 201 
Successor Sponsor ........................................ 223 
Swap Rate ....................................................... 44 
Swap Rates ..................................................... 44 
Swedish CSD ................................................ 150 
Swedish Issuing Agent ................................. 150 
Swedish Notes .............................................. 150 
Swiss Authorised Offeror ..................... 842, 891 
Swiss Non-exempt Offer ...................... 842, 891 
Swiss Offer Period ................................ 842, 891 
Switchable Notes .......................................... 315 
TARGET .............................................. 132, 309 
TARGET Settlement Day..............132, 150, 309 
TARGET2 .................................................... 150 
Tax Disruption ...................................... 219, 267 
Taxes ............................................................ 150 
TBD .............................................................. 150 
TCA .............................................................. 971 
Tender Offer .......................... 199, 207, 209, 259 
Tender Offer Date ........................................ 200 
Tender Offer Settlement Amount – Fair Market 
Value ........................................................ 200 
Tender Offer Settlement Amount – Fair Market 
Value Less Costs ...................................... 200 
Terms and Conditions .................................. 128 
Terms and Conditions of the Non-exempt Offer
 ................................................................... 84 
Terms of the Preference Shares .............. 58, 935 
Theoretical Value ......................................... 136 
Threshhold Number ...................................... 378 
Tokyo Banking Day ..................................... 150 
TONA ........................................................... 150 
TONA Compound with Lookback ............... 176 
TONA Compound with Observation Period Shift
 ................................................................. 176 
TONA Compound with Payment Delay ....... 177 
TONA Index Average .................................. 177 
TONA Rate Cut-Off Date ............................ 150 
Top Rank Underlying Performance .............. 378 
Total Number of Observation Days .............. 311 
Trade Date ..................................................... 150 
Trading Day .................................................. 230 
Trading Disruption ................ 210, 217, 218, 274 
Trading Restriction ....................................... 266 
Tranche ................................................... 13, 128 
Tranches .......................................................... 13 
Transfer Agents ............................................. 128 
Transfer Documentation ............................... 150 
Treaty ............................................................ 151 
U.S. ................................................................... ii 
U.S. Alien ..................................................... 286 
U.S. dollars ....................................................... x 
U.S. equity linked Note ................................. 940 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day .. 132, 
151, 309 
U.S. Person ................................................. 1004 
U.S.$ ................................................................. x 
UK Benchmarks Regulation ........................... 43 
UK interest .................................................... 943 
UK Prospectus Regulation ............................ 998 
Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement ........... 151 
Uncertificated Notes ....................... 14, 151, 907 
Underlying Determination Event Valuation Date
 .................................................................. 383 
Underlying Issuer .......................... 217, 495, 625 
Underlying Rate ............................................ 311 
Underlying Rate 1 ......................................... 311 
Underlying Rate 2 ......................................... 311 
Underlying Securities ............................ 151, 379 
Underlying Security ...................................... 151 
Underlying Share .......................................... 218 
Underlying Share Issuer ................................ 218 
Underlying Shares ......................................... 940 
United States ................................................. 996 
Unscheduled Holiday .................................... 236 
Upper Barrier Value ...................................... 311 
Upper Coupon Barrier Value ........................ 382 
Upside Amount ............................................. 325

--- Page 1042 ---
Index of Defined Terms 
 
 
 
1042 
 
USRPHC ...................................................... 940 
Valid Date .....................................218, 256, 274 
Valid Order ................................................... 930 
Valuation Date ....................... 218, 230, 256, 274 
Valuation Time ..................................... 257, 259 
Value Observation Dates .............................. 390 
Warrants .................................................. i, 1005 
Wealth Tax Law ........................................... 986 
WHEAT-CBOT............................................ 442 
Wi .......................................... 433, 434, 436, 439 
Worst Basket Component Performance359, 361, 
379 
Worst of – Weighted Average Performance . 434 
Worst Performance ....................................... 332 
Worst Performing Basket Component .......... 379 
WTI (OIL-WTI-NYMEX) ............................ 443 
yes ......................................................... 848, 897 
ZBD .............................................................. 151 
Zero Coupon Note......................................... 151 
Zurich Banking Day ...................................... 151

--- Page 1043 ---
1043 
 
PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICES OF MORGAN STANLEY 
1585 Broadway 
New York, New York 10036 
U.S.A. 
REGISTERED OFFICE OF MORGAN STANLEY IN DELAWARE 
The Corporation Trust Center 
1209 Orange Street 
Wilmington, Delaware 19801 
U.S.A. 
REGISTERED OFFICE OF MORGAN STANLEY & CO. INTERNATIONAL PLC 
25 Cabot Square 
Canary Wharf 
London El4 4QA 
United Kingdom 
REGISTERED OFFICE OF MORGAN STANLEY B.V.  
Luna Arena 
Herikerbergweg 238 
1101 CM Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICES OF MORGAN STANLEY FINANCE LLC 
1585 Broadway 
New York, New York 10036 
U.S.A. 
REGISTERED OFFICE OF MORGAN STANLEY FINANCE LLC 
The Corporation Trust Center 
1209 Orange Street 
Wilmington, Delaware 19801 
U.S.A. 
FISCAL AGENT AND PAYING AGENT 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch 
One Canada Square 
London E14 5AL 
United Kingdom 
REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER AGENT 
The Bank of New York Mellon S.A./N.V., Luxembourg Branch 
Vertigo Building – Polaris 
2-4 rue Eugène Ruppert 
L-2453 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg

--- Page 1044 ---
1044 
 
DISTRIBUTION AGENT 
Morgan Stanley & Co International plc 
25 Cabot Square 
Canary Wharf 
London El4 4QA 
United Kingdom 
NORDIC ISSUING AGENT 
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) 
Kungsträdgårdsgatan 8 
SE-106 40 
Stockholm 
Sweden 
LEGAL ADVISORS TO THE ISSUERS AND THE PROGRAM 
As to English law: 
Linklaters LLP 
One Silk Street 
London EC2Y 8HQ 
United Kingdom 
As to U.S. law: 
Davis Polk & Wardwell LLP 
450 Lexington Avenue 
New York, NY 10017 
U.S.A. 
AUDITORS OF MORGAN STANLEY AND MORGAN STANLEY FINANCE LLC 
Deloitte & Touche LLP 
30 Rockefeller Plaza 
New York, New York 10112-0015 
U.S.A. 
AUDITORS OF MORGAN STANLEY & CO. INTERNATIONAL PLC 
Deloitte LLP 
1 New Street Square 
London EC4A 3HQ 
United Kingdom 
AUDITORS OF MORGAN STANLEY B.V. 
Deloitte Accountants B.V. 
Gustav Mahlerlaan 2970 
1081 LA Amsterdam 
The Netherlands