--- Page 1 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS DATED 19 July 2021 
as issuer
(incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware in the United States of America)
BASE PROSPECTUS FOR THE ISSUANCE OF NOTES, SERIES A AND SERIES B  
UNDER THE REGULATION S PROGRAM FOR THE ISSUANCE OF NOTES, SERIES A 
AND B, WARRANTS AND CERTIFICATES 
This Base Prospectus 
This document is a base prospectus ("Base Prospectus") prepared for the purposes of Article 8 of
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation") for the purpose of the offering of Notes (as
described below) other than for Exempt Notes (as described below) from time to time. This Base
Prospectus should be read together with (i) any supplements to it from time to time, (ii) the information
incorporated by reference into it (see "Incorporation by Reference" below) and (iii) in relation to a
Tranche of Notes, the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement (described below) relating to that Tranche of
Notes. References in this Base Prospectus or the relevant Pricing Supplement to "Exempt Notes" are to
Notes for which no prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation.
The information on any websites referred to herein does not form part of this Base Prospectus unless that
information is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or
approved by the competent authority.
Application has been made to the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the "CSSF") in its
capacity as competent authority under the Luxembourg law of 16 July 2019 on prospectuses for securities
(the "Luxembourg Law on Prospectuses") to approve this document as a base prospectus for the
purposes of Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation. The CSSF only approves this Base Prospectus as
meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus
Regulation. Such approval should not be considered an endorsement of the Issuer or the quality of the
Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus and investors should make their own assessment as to
the suitability of investing in the Notes. Pursuant to Article 6(4) of the Luxembourg Law on Prospectuses
for securities, by approving this Base Prospectus, the CSSF gives no undertaking as to, and assumes no
responsibility for, the economic and financial characteristics of the Notes or the quality and solvency of
the Issuer.
Application has also been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for the approval of this Base
Prospectus with respect to Exempt Notes as a base prospectus for the purposes of the Luxembourg Law
on Prospectuses. The CSSF has neither approved nor reviewed information contained in this Base 
Prospectus in connection with the issue of any Exempt Notes. 
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Series A Notes issued under the
Program to be admitted to trading on the regulated market (the "Regulated Market") or Euro MTF
market (the "Euro MTF Market") of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to be listed on the Official
List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The Regulated Market is a regulated market for the purposes
of Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council on markets in financial
instruments (as amended, "MiFID II"). The Luxembourg Stock Exchange's Euro MTF market is not a
regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II).
References in this Base Prospectus to Series A Notes being listed (and all related references) shall mean
that such Notes have been admitted to the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to trading
on the Regulated Market or Euro MTF market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or, as the case may
be, listed and admitted to trading on such other or further stock exchange(s) as the Issuer and any
Distribution Agent may agree. The Issuer may also issue Series B Notes pursuant to this Base Prospectus
which will not be listed or admitted to trading and may be offered to the public in the European Economic
Area or the United Kingdom other than in circumstances where an exemption is available under Article
1.4 of the Prospectus Regulation or Article 1.4 of the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of "retained 
EU law" as defined in the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "EUWA") (the "UK 
Prospectus Regulation").

--- Page 2 ---
2
This Base Prospectus will be valid for offers to the public or admissions to trading on a regulated market
by or with the consent of the Issuer for 12 months from its date and will expire on 19 July 2022. The
obligation to supplement it in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material
inaccuracies will not apply after the earlier of the date 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus
and the closing of the offer period for the Notes or the Notes being admitted to trading on a regulated
market, whichever occurs later.
The information on any websites referred to herein does not form part of this Base Prospectus unless that
information is incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or
approved by the competent authority. 
The Program 
Morgan Stanley ("Morgan Stanley"), Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc ("MSI plc") and Morgan
Stanley B.V. ("MSBV") established the Regulation S Program for the Issuance of Notes, Series A and
B, Warrants and Certificates (the "Program"). Under the Program, each of Morgan Stanley, MSI plc
and MSBV may offer from time to time Series A Notes and Series B Notes (together the "Notes issued 
under the Program"), Warrants (the "Warrants") and Certificates (the "Certificates", and together
with the Notes issued under the Program and the Warrants, the "Program Securities"). Only certain of
the Notes issued under the Program are described in this Base Prospectus, being those issued pursuant to
the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement (as defined under "General Description of the Notes" below)
(hereafter referred to collectively as the "Notes"). For the avoidance of doubt, (i) this Base Prospectus
does not relate to or describe any Program Securities other than Series A Notes and Series B Notes that
Morgan Stanley may issue pursuant to the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement and (ii) Morgan Stanley
may from time to time issue Series A Notes and Series B Notes, pursuant to the Issue and Paying Agency
Agreement or otherwise (including under an indenture), through means other than this Base Prospectus. 
The Notes 
Under this Base Prospectus, securities in the form of Notes may be offered. 
Conditions of the Notes 
The terms and conditions applicable to a Tranche of Notes (the "Conditions") are the Terms and
Conditions (set out in the section entitled "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" below) as completed by
the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement (described below).
Final Terms and Pricing Supplement  
A "final terms" document (the "Final Terms") or pricing supplement (the "Pricing Supplement") will 
be prepared in respect of each Tranche of Notes. The Final Terms or Pricing Supplement will complete 
the Terms and Conditions in relation to such Notes. Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, 
interest (if any) payable in respect of the Notes, the issue price of the Notes and certain other information 
which is applicable to each Tranche of Notes will be set out in such Final Terms, which will be filed with 
the CSSF, or such Pricing Supplement. The Final Terms or Pricing Supplement therefore contains vital 
information in regard to the Notes. Copies of Final Terms or Pricing Supplements in relation to Series A 
Notes to be listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange will also be available on the website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). Copies of Final Terms which are required to be made 
available 
to 
the 
public 
in 
relation 
to 
Series 
B 
Notes 
will 
be 
available 
at 
http://sp.morganstanley.com/EU/Documents. 
The Issuer 
The issuer (the "Issuer") of Notes under this Base Prospectus from time to time will be Morgan Stanley.
Information on the Issuer is included in this Base Prospectus, including information incorporated by
reference.
Status of the Notes 
The Notes are unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and not of any affiliate of the
Issuer. The Notes are not deposits or savings accounts and are not insured by the United States of America
("U.S.") Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other governmental agency or instrumentality or
deposit protection scheme anywhere, nor are they obligations of, or guaranteed by, a bank.

--- Page 3 ---
3
Return on the Notes 
The interest payments on the Notes may depend on the performance of one or more of any of the
following types of underlying reference assets: interest rates, swap rates and inflation indices, as specified
in the applicable Final Terms. In addition, if "Accrued Value" is specified as being applicable in respect
of a Note in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, the principal amount payable upon
redemption will be determined by reference to a formula as further specified in the Conditions and the
applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement. For the avoidance of doubt, the final redemption amount
in respect of such Notes will not be less than 100 per cent. 
Benchmarks Regulation: Article 29(2) statements on benchmarks 
Amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to (i) the Euro Interbank Offered Rate
("EURIBOR"), (ii) the London Interbank Offered Rate ("LIBOR"), (iii) any CMS Reference Rate (as
defined in Condition 2, and determined in accordance with Condition 6.7 (CMS Rate Determination), of
"Terms and Conditions of the Notes"), (iv) SOFR (as defined in Condition 6.8 (Provisions specific to
SOFR as a Reference Rate) of "Terms and Conditions of the Notes"), (v) SONIA (as defined in
Condition 6.9 (Provisions specific to SONIA as a Reference Rate) of "Terms and Conditions of the
Notes"), (vi) €STR (as defined in Condition 6.10 (Provisions specific to €STR as a Reference Rate) of
"Terms and Conditions of the Notes"), (vii) SARON (as defined in Condition 6.11 (Provisions specific
to SARON as a Reference Rate) of "Terms and Conditions of the Notes"), (viii) TONA (as defined in
Condition 6.12 (Provisions specific to TONA as a Reference Rate) of "Terms and Conditions of the
Notes") or (ix) one or more other specific indices or price sources or a combination of indices or price
sources.
EURIBOR is provided by the European Money Markets Institute ("EMMI"). As at the date of this Base
Prospectus, EMMI appears on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained
by the European Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") pursuant to Article 36 of Regulation (EU)
2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the Council on indices used as benchmarks in financial
instruments and financial contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds (the
"Benchmarks Regulation").
LIBOR is provided by the ICE Benchmark Administration Limited ("ICE"). As at the date of this Base
Prospectus, ICE does not appear on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and
maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation. As far as the Issuer is aware,
the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the Benchmarks Regulation apply, such that ICE is not
currently required to obtain authorisation or registration (or, if located outside the European Union,
recognition, endorsement or equivalence).
A CMS Reference Rate is a constant maturity swap rate, calculated on a fixed-to-floating basis by
reference to an underlying floating rate (the "Base Rate") that can in itself constitute a "benchmark" 
for the purposes of the Benchmarks Regulation. 
SOFR and SOFR Index are provided by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (the "New York Federal 
Reserve"). As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the New York Federal Reserve does not appear on the
register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36
of the Benchmarks Regulation. 
SONIA and SONIA Index are provided by the Bank of England. As at the date of this Base Prospectus,
the Bank of England does not appear on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and
maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation. 
€STR and €STR Index are provided by the European Central Bank. As at the date of this Base Prospectus,
the European Central Bank does not appear on the register of administrators and benchmarks established
and maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation. 
TONA is provided by the Bank of Japan. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Bank of Japan does
not appear on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA
pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation. 
As far as the Issuer is aware the New York Federal Reserve, as administrator of SOFR and SOFR Index,
the Bank of England, as administrator of SONIA and SONIA Index, the European Central Bank, as
administrator of €STR and €STR Index and the Bank of Japan, as administrator of TONA, are not
required to be registered by virtue of Article 2 of the Benchmarks Regulation.

--- Page 4 ---
4
SARON and SAION Index are provided by SIX Financial Information AG and are endorsed for use in
the European Union by SIX Financial Information Nordic AB. As at the date of this Base Prospectus,
SIX Financial Information Nordic AB appears on the register of administrators and benchmarks
established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation.
TONA Index is provided by QUICK Corp. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, QUICK Corp. does
not appear on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA
pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation. As far as the Issuer is aware, the transitional
provisions in Article 51 of the Benchmarks Regulation apply, such that QUICK Corp. is not currently
required to obtain authorisation or registration (or, if located outside the European Union, recognition,
endorsement or equivalence). 
Similarly, any other index or price source by reference to which amounts payable under the Notes are
calculated may also constitute a "benchmark" for the purposes of the Benchmarks Regulation. 
In cases where amounts payable under the Notes are calculated by reference to a CMS Reference Rate
or one or more other indices or price sources that is not one of LIBOR, EURIBOR, SOFR, SOFR Index,
SONIA, SONIA Index, €STR, €STR Index, SARON, SAION Index, TONA or TONA Index, the relevant
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement will specify: 

the name of each index or price source so referenced; 

the legal name of the administrator of each such index or price source; and 

whether or not the legal name of the administrator of each such index or price source appears
on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA pursuant
to Article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation. 
Not every index or price source will fall within the scope of the Benchmarks Regulation. Furthermore,
where an index or price source does fall within the scope of the Benchmarks Regulation, the transitional
provisions in Article 51 or the provision of Article 2 of the Benchmarks Regulation, , as the case may be,
may apply, such that the administrator of such index or price source is not at the date of the relevant Final
Terms or Pricing Supplement required to obtain authorisation/registration (or, if located outside the
European Union recognition, endorsement or equivalence). 
The registration status of any administrator under the Benchmarks Regulation is a matter of public record
and, save where required by applicable law, the relevant Issuer does not intend to update the relevant
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement to reflect any change in the registration status of the administrator. 
Risk Factors 
Payments under the Notes are subject to the credit risk of the Issuer. Investing in the Notes involves risks.
Before purchasing the Notes, you should carefully consider, in particular, "Risk Factors Relating to the 
Notes" below.

--- Page 5 ---
Important Notices 
i
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
Risk Warning 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors 
An investment in the Notes entails certain risks, which vary depending on the specification and type or
structure of the Notes. 
Each potential investor should determine whether an investment in the Notes is appropriate in such
potential investor's particular circumstances. An investment in the Notes requires a thorough
understanding of the nature of the relevant transaction. Potential investors should be experienced with
respect to an investment in the Notes and be aware of the related risks. 
An investment in the Notes is only suitable for potential investors who: 

have the requisite knowledge and experience in financial and business matters to evaluate the
merits and risks of an investment in the Notes and the information contained in, or incorporated
by reference into, this document; 

have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate such merits and risks
in the context of the potential investor's particular financial situation and to evaluate the impact
the Notes will have on their overall investment portfolio; 

understand thoroughly the terms of the Notes and are familiar with the behaviour of the relevant
interest rate, swap rate or inflation index, if any, and financial markets; 

are capable of bearing the economic risk of an investment in the Notes until the maturity date
of the Notes; 

recognise that it may not be possible to dispose of the Notes for a substantial period of time, if
at all before the maturity date; and 

are able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial and legal adviser) possible
scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect the potential investor's
investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
A potential investor should not invest in any Notes unless such potential investor has the expertise (either
alone or with a financial and legal adviser) to evaluate how the Notes will perform under changing
conditions, the resulting effects on the value of the Notes and the impact this investment will have on the
potential investor's overall investment portfolio. The Issuer and Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc,
as Distribution Agent, as well as any other affiliate involved in the issuance, offer or sale of the Notes,
each disclaim any responsibility to advise prospective purchasers of any matters arising under the laws
of the country in which they reside that may affect the purchase of, or holding of, or the receipt of
payments on, the Notes. 
Investing in the Notes involves risks. See the section entitled "Risk Factors Relating to the Notes" 
below. 
Important U.S. securities and tax law considerations 
THE NOTES HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE UNITED 
STATES SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE "SECURITIES ACT"), OR THE 
SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION OF THE U.S. THE NOTES 
MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD AT ANY TIME, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, WITHIN 
THE U.S. OR TO OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF ANY PERSON WHO IS A U.S. 
PERSON (AS DEFINED IN REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT). 
In order to avoid U.S. withholding taxes, the beneficial owner of a Note (or a financial institution 
holding the Note on behalf of the beneficial owner that is not a U.S. person) is required under 
current law to comply with certain tax identification and certification requirements, generally by 
furnishing the appropriate U.S. Internal Revenue Service Form W-8 on which the beneficial owner 
certifies under penalty of perjury that it is not a United States person and meets the criteria for 
exemption from such withholding taxes. Certain tax identification and certification requirements 
apply as well to holders of Notes with respect to "FATCA" as more fully described under "United 
States Federal Taxation".

--- Page 6 ---
ii
Each investor must comply with all applicable laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction 
in or from which the investor purchases, offers, sells or delivers the Notes or has in the investor's 
possession or distributes this Base Prospectus or any accompanying Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement. 
No deposits and no deposit protection insurance 
THE NOTES ARE NOT DEPOSITS OR SAVINGS ACCOUNTS AND ARE NOT INSURED BY 
THE U.S. FEDERAL DEPOSIT INSURANCE CORPORATION OR ANY OTHER 
GOVERNMENTAL AGENCY OR INSTRUMENTALITY OR DEPOSIT PROTECTION 
SCHEME ANYWHERE, NOR ARE THEY OBLIGATIONS OF, OR GUARANTEED BY, A 
BANK. 
No or limited secondary market 
Potential investors should be willing to hold the Notes until maturity. The nature and extent of any 
secondary market in the Notes cannot be predicted and there may be little or no secondary market 
in the Notes. If Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc or other affiliate of the Issuer does make 
a market for the Notes, it may cease to do so at any time. 
Currency definitions 
All references in this Base Prospectus to "Sterling", "GBP" and "£" are to the lawful currency of 
the United Kingdom, all references to "U.S. dollars", "US$", "U.S.$" and "$" are to the lawful 
currency of the United States of America, all references to "Japanese Yen" and "¥" are to the 
lawful currency of Japan, all references to "Australian dollars" and "AUD" are to the lawful 
currency of the Commonwealth of Australia, all references to "New Zealand dollars" and "NZD" 
are to the lawful currency of New Zealand, all references to "Renminbi" or "CNY" are to the 
lawful currency of the People's Republic of China (which, for the purpose of this Base Prospectus, 
shall exclude the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the People's Republic of China, the 
Macau Special Administrative Region of the People's Republic of China and Taiwan) and all 
references to "euro", "EUR" and "€" are to the lawful single currency of the member states of the 
European Union who have adopted and continue to retain a common single currency through 
monetary union in accordance with European Union treaty law (as amended from time to time). 
Language 
The language of this Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms 
have been cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be 
ascribed to them under applicable law. 
U.S. securities disclosures 
IN MAKING AN INVESTMENT DECISION, INVESTORS MUST RELY ON THEIR OWN 
EXAMINATION OF THE ISSUER AND THE TERMS OF THE OFFERING, INCLUDING THE 
MERITS AND RISKS INVOLVED. THE SECURITIES HAVE NOT BEEN RECOMMENDED 
BY ANY U.S. FEDERAL OR STATE SECURITIES COMMISSION OR REGULATORY 
AUTHORITY. 
FURTHERMORE, 
THE 
FOREGOING 
AUTHORITIES 
HAVE 
NOT 
CONFIRMED THE ACCURACY OR DETERMINED THE ADEQUACY OF THIS 
DOCUMENT. ANY REPRESENTATION TO THE CONTRARY IS A CRIMINAL OFFENCE 
IN THE U.S. 
Stabilisation legend 
IN CONNECTION WITH THE ISSUE OF ANY TRANCHE OF NOTES UNDER THE 
PROGRAM PURSUANT TO THIS BASE PROSPECTUS, ANY DISTRIBUTION AGENT OR 
ANY OTHER AGENT SPECIFIED FOR THAT PURPOSE IN THE APPLICABLE FINAL 
TERMS OR PRICING SUPPLEMENT AS THE STABILISATION MANAGER (OR ANY 
PERSON ACTING FOR THE STABILISATION MANAGER) MAY OVER-ALLOT OR 
EFFECT TRANSACTIONS WITH A VIEW TO SUPPORTING THE MARKET PRICE OF ANY 
OF THE NOTES AT A LEVEL HIGHER THAN THAT WHICH MIGHT OTHERWISE 
PREVAIL FOR A LIMITED PERIOD. HOWEVER, STABILISATION MAY NOT 
NECESSARILY OCCUR. ANY STABILISATION ACTION MAY BEGIN ON OR AFTER THE 
DATE ON WHICH ADEQUATE PUBLIC DISCLOSURE OF THE TERMS OF THE OFFER 
OF THE RELEVANT TRANCHE OF NOTES IS MADE AND, IF COMMENCED, MAY CEASE 
AT ANY TIME, BUT MUST BE BROUGHT TO AN END NO LATER THAN THE EARLIER

--- Page 7 ---
iii
OF 30 DAYS AFTER THE ISSUE DATE OF THE RELEVANT TRANCHE OF NOTES AND 60 
DAYS AFTER THE DATE OF THE ALLOTMENT OF THE RELEVANT TRANCHE OF 
NOTES. ANY STABILISATION ACTION OR OVER-ALLOTMENT MUST BE CONDUCTED 
BY THE RELEVANT STABILISATION MANAGER (OR ANY PERSON ACTING FOR THE 
STABILISATION MANAGER) IN ACCORDANCE WITH ALL APPLICABLE LAWS AND 
RULES. 
Defined Terms  
See the "Index of Defined Terms" at the end of this document for a list of defined terms and where they
are defined in this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 8 ---
Important Information 
iv
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation 
in respect of Series A and Series B Notes issued by Morgan Stanley pursuant to the Issue and 
Paying Agency Agreement and under the Program. 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and the 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement for each Tranche of Notes issued under the Program pursuant 
to this Base Prospectus. To the best of the knowledge of the Issuer, the information contained in 
this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the 
import of such information. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are deemed to be 
incorporated in it by reference (see "Incorporation by Reference"). This Base Prospectus shall be 
read and construed on the basis that those documents are incorporated and form part of this Base 
Prospectus.
Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc, as Distribution Agent (or any affiliate thereof involved in 
the issuance, offer or sale of the Notes), has not independently verified the information contained 
herein. Accordingly, no representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and 
no responsibility or liability is accepted by the Distribution Agent (or any affiliate thereof involved 
in the issuance, offer or sale of the Notes) as to the accuracy or completeness of the information 
contained or incorporated in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by Morgan 
Stanley in connection with the Program. The Distribution Agent (or any affiliate thereof involved 
in the issuance, offer or sale of the Notes) does not accept any liability in relation to the information 
contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided 
by the Issuer in connection with the Program. 
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuer to give any information or to make any 
representation not contained in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other 
information supplied in connection with the Program or the Notes and, if given or made, such 
information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or 
the Distribution Agent (or any affiliate thereof involved in the issuance, offer or sale of the Notes). 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Program 
or any Notes (a) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (b) should be 
considered as a recommendation by the Issuer or the Distribution Agent (or any affiliate thereof 
involved in the issuance, offer or sale of the Notes) that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any 
other information supplied in connection with the Program or any Notes should purchase any 
Notes. Each investor contemplating purchasing any Notes should make its own independent 
investigation of the financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, 
of the Issuer. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with 
the Program or the issue of any Notes constitutes an offer or invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer 
or the Distribution Agent (or any affiliate thereof involved in the issuance, offer or sale of the Notes) 
to any person to subscribe for or to purchase any Notes. 
Neither the Distribution Agent (or any affiliate thereof involved in the issuance, offer or sale of the 
Notes) nor the Issuer makes any representation to any investor in the Notes regarding the legality 
of its investment under any applicable laws. Any investor in the Notes should be able to bear the 
economic risk of an investment in the Notes for an indefinite period of time. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes shall in 
any circumstances imply that the information contained in it concerning the Issuer is correct at 
any time subsequent to its date or that any other information supplied in connection with the 
Program is correct as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing the 
same. The Distribution Agent (or any affiliate thereof involved in the issuance, offer or sale of the 
Notes) expressly does not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer during 
the term of the Program or to advise any investor in Notes issued under the Program pursuant to 
this Base Prospectus of any information coming to their attention. 
MiFID II product governance/target market: The Final Terms or Pricing Supplement in respect 
of any Notes may include a legend entitled "MiFID II Product Governance" which will outline the 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes 
are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a

--- Page 9 ---
v
"distributor") should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor 
subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID 
product governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "MiFID Product 
Governance Rules"), any dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such 
Program Securities, but otherwise neither dealer(s) nor any of its respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR product governance/target market: The Final Terms or Pricing Supplement in respect 
of any Notes may include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" which will outline 
the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the 
Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
"distributor") should take into consideration the target market assessment: however, a distributor 
subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the 
"UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment is respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK 
MiFIR Product Governance Rules, any dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in 
respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither dealer(s) nor any of its respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
PRIIPs/IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS: If the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement 
in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", 
the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to, any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a 
retail investor in the EEA means a person who is one (or more) of:  
(a)
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended 
("MiFID II");  
(b)
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(c)
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation.  
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014, as 
amended (the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under 
the PRIIPs Regulation. 
UK PRIIPs/IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS - If the Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should 
be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail invest in the United Kingdom (the "UK"). 
For these purposes, a retail investor in the UK means a person who is one (or more) of: 
(a)
a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of "retained EU law", as defined in the EUWA; 
(b)
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets 
Act 2000 ("FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement 
Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of 
"retained EU law", as defined in the EUWA; or 
(c)
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms 
part of "retained EU law", as defined in the EUWA. 
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms 
part of "retained EU law", as defined in the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or

--- Page 10 ---
vi
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been or will 
be prepared and therefore offering the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.

--- Page 11 ---
Contents 
vii
TABLE OF CONTENTS
IMPORTANT NOTICES .......................................................................................................... i 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION ............................................................................................. iv 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE NOTES ........................................................................ 1 
Provides an overview of certain important information in relation to the Notes. It is relevant to all
Notes.
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE NOTES .................................................................... 2 
Sets out the principal risks inherent in investing in Notes.
CONSENT TO THE USE OF THE BASE PROSPECTUS ...................................................31 
Sets out the consent by the Issuer to the use of the Base Prospectus.
WHERE THE INVESTOR CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION ABOUT MORGAN 
STANLEY ..............................................................................................................................33 
Provides information on where the investor can find more information about Morgan Stanley.
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ....................................................................41 
Sets out the terms and conditions that apply to all Notes.
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS FOR NOTES ......................................................................117 
Provides a template for the Final Terms to be used for each issuance of Notes made not pursuant to
an exemption under the Prospectus Regulation.
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR NOTES ......................................................149 
Provides a template for the Pricing Supplement to be used for each issuance of Notes made pursuant
to an exemption under the Prospectus Regulation or the UK Prospectus Regulation.
FORMS OF NOTES .............................................................................................................177 
Describes the different forms of Notes. It is relevant to all Notes.
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM
179 
Describes the Notes when represented in global form. It is relevant to all Notes in global form.
BENEFIT PLAN INVESTORS ............................................................................................181 
Describes restrictions of the acquisition of the Notes by benefit plan investors. It is relevant to all
Notes.
TAXATION ..........................................................................................................................182 
Provides an overview of certain taxation considerations relating to the Notes. It is relevant to all
Notes.
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ..............................................................................................193 
Provides a summary of certain restrictions regarding the offer and sale of the Notes. It is relevant to
all Notes.

--- Page 12 ---
viii
NO OWNERSHIP BY U.S. PERSONS ................................................................................198 
Describes restrictions to ownership of the Notes by U.S. Persons.
IMPORTANT LEGAL INFORMATION .............................................................................199 
Provides certain additional information on the Notes, the Base Prospectus and the Issuer. It is
relevant to all Notes.
GENERAL INFORMATION ...............................................................................................203 
Provides certain additional information on the Notes, the Base Prospectus and the Issuer. It is
relevant to all Notes.
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS ............................................................................................205 
An index of all defined terms used in this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 13 ---
General Description of the Notes 
1 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE NOTES 
The following overview describes the key features of the Notes that the Issuer is offering under the
Program pursuant to this Base Prospectus in general terms only. Investors should read this general
description together with the more detailed information that is contained in this Base Prospectus and in
the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement. This section constitutes a General Description of the
Program for the purpose of Article 25.1(b) of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980.
Issuer: 
Morgan Stanley. 
Distribution Agent: 
Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc. 
Fiscal Agent: 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch. 
Registrar and Transfer Agent: 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch
(together with the Fiscal Agent, the "Agents")
Notes:
Series A Notes and Series B Notes which are issued by Morgan
Stanley under the Regulation S Program for the Issuance of Notes,
Series A and B, Warrants and Certificates (the "Program"), and
which are issued pursuant to the issue and paying agency
agreement dated as of 19 July 2021 between the Issuer and the
Agents (the "Issue and Paying Agency Agreement"). For the
avoidance of doubt, this Base Prospectus does not relate to or
describe any securities other than the Notes. 
Program Amount:
The U.S. dollar value, determined as of the respective issue dates,
of the aggregate principal amount of Notes issued under the
Program which are outstanding and the aggregate issue price of
the Warrants and Certificates outstanding and any other notes,
warrants and/or certificates authorised pursuant to the Authorising
Resolutions (as defined below), shall not at any one time exceed
U.S.$55,000,000,000. The issue of, amongst others, the Notes
were authorised by Morgan Stanley pursuant to resolutions (the
"Authorising Resolutions") adopted at a meeting of the Board
of Directors of Morgan Stanley held on 25 September 1998, 17
June 2003, 14 December 2004, 20 September 2005, 12 December
2006, 19 June 2007, 17 September 2007 and 16 June 2008. The
maximum aggregate amount of Notes permitted to be outstanding
at any one time under the Program may be increased from time to
time. 
Issuance in Series:
Notes will be issued in series (each a "Series"). Each Series may
comprise one or more tranches ("Tranches" and each a
"Tranche") issued on different issue dates. The Notes of each
Series will all be subject to identical terms, except that the issue
date and the amount of the first payment of interest may be
different in respect of different Tranches and each Series may
comprise Notes of different denominations. The Notes of each
Tranche will all be subject to identical terms in all respects, save
that a Tranche may comprise Notes of different denominations. 
Forms of Notes:
Notes will be issued in registered form and may be in either
individual certificate form or in global certificate form.
Each global note certificate will either be: (a) in the case of Notes
which are not to be held under the New Safekeeping Structure (as
defined below), registered in the name of a nominee of a common
depositary for the Relevant Clearing System and the relevant

--- Page 14 ---
General Description of the Notes 
2 
global note certificate will be deposited on or about the issue date
with the common depositary; or (b) in the case of Notes which are
to
be
held
under
the
new
safekeeping
structure
("New 
Safekeeping Structure" or "NSS"), registered in the name of a
nominee
of
a
common
safekeeper
for
Euroclear
and/or
Clearstream, Luxembourg and the relevant global note certificate
will be deposited on or about the issue date with the common
safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Terms and Conditions:
A set of final terms or pricing supplement will be prepared in
respect of each Tranche of Notes (each a "Final Terms" or a
"Pricing Supplement", as applicable). The terms and conditions
applicable to each Tranche will be those set out herein under the
heading "Terms and Conditions of the Notes", as completed by
the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement in relation to
such Tranche. The applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement
will also specify which of the provisions set out in the Terms and
Conditions are applicable in respect of a particular Series of
Notes.
Specified Currency:
Notes may be denominated or payable in any currency as set out
in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, subject to all
applicable consents being obtained and compliance with all
applicable legal and regulatory requirements. 
Status:
The Notes constitute part of the Issuer's senior debt and will rank
pari passu with all of the Issuer's other unsecured and
unsubordinated debt. 
Morgan Stanley intends that the Notes will, when issued,
constitute "loss-absorbing capacity" within the meaning of the
final rules issued by the Board of Governors of the Federal
Reserve System and, accordingly, will have only those provisions
described in this Base Prospectus that will permit compliance
thereof at such time of issuance. In this respect, Morgan Stanley
is a parent holding company and has no operations and depends
on
dividends,
distributions
and
other
payments
from
its
subsidiaries to fund its debt obligations (including Notes). Under
a support agreement that Morgan Stanley has entered with its
material subsidiaries, upon the occurrence of a resolution
scenario, including a single-point-of-entry resolution strategy as
contemplated in its resolution plan, Morgan Stanley would be
obligated to contribute or loan on a subordinated basis all of its
material assets, other than shares in its subsidiaries and certain
intercompany payables, to provide capital and liquidity, as
applicable, to its material subsidiaries. That obligation will be
secured, in accordance with an amended and restated secured
support agreement, on a senior basis by Morgan Stanley's assets
(other than shares in its subsidiaries). As a result, claims of
Morgan Stanley's material subsidiaries against its assets (other
than shares in its subsidiaries) will be effectively senior to its
unsecured obligations, including Notes which would be at risk of
absorbing Morgan Stanley's and its subsidiaries' losses. 
Issue Price:
Notes may be issued at any price, as specified in the applicable
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, subject to compliance with
all applicable legal and regulatory requirements.

--- Page 15 ---
General Description of the Notes 
3 
Maturities:
Notes will have maturities as specified in the applicable Final
Terms or Pricing Supplement, subject to compliance with all
applicable legal and regulatory requirements. 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year will, if the issue
proceeds are accepted in the UK, constitute deposits for the
purposes of the prohibition on accepting deposits contained in
section 19 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as
amended) unless they are issued to a limited class of professional
investors and have a denomination of at least £100,000 or its
equivalent, see "Subscription and Sale". 
Redemption:
The applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement will indicate
either that the relevant Notes cannot be redeemed prior to their
stated maturity (other than as provided in "Early Redemption" 
below) or that such Notes will be redeemable at the option of the
Issuer upon giving notice to the Noteholders on a date or dates
specified prior to such stated maturity and at a price or prices
specified. 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, each
Note will be redeemed by the Issuer at no less than 100 per cent.
of its nominal value on its maturity date.
Notes having a maturity of less than one year may be subject to
restrictions on their denomination and distribution, see above. 
Early Redemption:
Early redemption will be permitted for taxation reasons as
mentioned in Condition 10.2 (Tax Redemption) of the "Terms and
Conditions of the Notes" but will otherwise be permitted
(including, without limitation, following the occurrence of an
Inconvertibility Event) only to the extent specified in the
applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement. 
Interest:
Notes may be interest-bearing or non-interest-bearing. Interest (if
any) may accrue at a fixed rate (which may be zero), a floating
rate, a rate which varies during the lifetime of the relevant Series
or at a rate which is linked to the performance of an Inflation Index
(see "Inflation-Linked Notes" below). 
Inflation-Linked Notes:
The Issuer may issue Notes that are Inflation-Linked Notes as
defined in Condition 8 (Inflation-Linked Note Provisions) of the
"Terms and Conditions of the Notes". The applicable Final Terms
or Pricing Supplement in respect of each issue of Inflation-Linked
Notes will specify the basis for calculating the amounts of interest
payable,
which
will
be
determined
by
reference
to
the
performance of the Inflation Index specified in the applicable
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement.
Denominations:
Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be specified in
the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, subject to
compliance with all applicable legal and regulatory requirements. 
Taxation:
Payments made by the Issuer in respect of any Notes will be made
without withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any Tax
(as defined below) imposed or levied by or on behalf of the U.S.
or any representative political subdivision thereof or any authority
or agency therein or thereof having power to tax, unless the
withholding or deduction of those Taxes is required by law. In

--- Page 16 ---
General Description of the Notes 
4 
order to avoid withholding, the beneficial owner of the Note (or a
financial institution holding the Note on behalf of the beneficial
owner that is not a U.S. person) is required under currently
applicable law to timely furnish the appropriate IRS Form W-8 on
which the beneficial owner certifies under penalties of perjury that
it is not a United States person and meets the criteria for
exemption from U.S. withholding tax. No additional amounts will
be paid with respect to taxes imposed due to the failure to timely
provide the appropriate IRS Form W-8 or taxes withheld under
FATCA. See "Taxation – United States Federal Taxation".
Benefit Plan Investors:
The Notes may not be acquired or held by, or acquired with the
assets of, any employee benefit plan subject to Title I of the United
States Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as
amended ("ERISA"), any individual retirement account or plan
subject to Section 4975 of the United States Internal Revenue
Code of 1986, as amended, or any entity whose underlying assets
include "plan assets" within the meaning of Section 3(42) of
ERISA by reason of any such employee benefit plan, account or
plan's investment therein. 
Use of Proceeds:
The net proceeds from the sale of Notes will be used by the Issuer
for general corporate purposes. 
Listing and Admission to 
Trading:
Applications have been made to admit the Notes which are
"Series A" Notes by Morgan Stanley to the Luxembourg Stock
Exchange. The applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement will
specify whether an issue of Notes which are "Series A Notes" 
will be admitted to the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock
Exchange and to trading on the Regulated Market or Euro MTF
Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, or admitted to listing,
trading and/or quotation by any other listing authority, stock
exchange and/or quotation system, as the Issuer and any
Distribution Agent may agree. Notes which are "Series B" Notes
will not be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any
listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system but may
be offered to the public in the European Economic Area or the
United Kingdom other than in circumstances where an exemption
is available under Article 1.4 of the Prospectus Regulation or
Article 1.4 of the UK Prospectus Regulation, as applicable.
Clearing Systems:
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other clearing
system as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms or
Pricing Supplement. 
Governing Law:
The Notes will be governed by the laws of the State of New York. 
Restrictions on Sale to U.S. 
Persons:
The Notes may not be offered or sold at any time, directly or
indirectly, within the U.S. or to or for the account or benefit of any
person who is a U.S. Person (as defined in Regulation S under the
Securities Act). 
Selling Restrictions:
For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and
deliveries of the Notes and on the distribution of offering material
in the U.S. and in certain other countries, see "Subscription and
Sale" and "No Ownership by U.S. Persons".

--- Page 17 ---
Risk Factors Relating to the Notes 
2 
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE NOTES 
Prospective investors should read the entire Base Prospectus (and where appropriate, any applicable
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement). Words and expressions defined elsewhere in this Base Prospectus
have the same meanings in this section. 
Prospective investors should consider the section entitled "Risk Factors" at pages 3 to 21 of the
Registration Document dated 11 December 2020 (the "2020 Registration Document" as amended by
the First Supplement to the Registration Document dated 9 July 2021) referred to in the section entitled
"Incorporation by Reference" in this Base Prospectus and the factors described below and consult with
their own professional advisers, if they consider it necessary. The Issuer believes that such factors
represent the principal risks inherent in investing in Notes issued pursuant to this Base Prospectus but
the inability of the Issuer to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in connection with any Notes
may occur for other reasons, which may not be considered significant risks by the Issuer based on
information currently available to it or which may not currently be able to anticipate.
The Issuer and Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc, as Distribution Agent, as well as any other
affiliate involved in the issuance, offer or sale of the Notes, each disclaim any responsibility to advise
prospective purchasers of any matters arising under the laws of the country in which they reside that may
affect the purchase of, or holding of, or the receipt of payments on, the Notes. These persons should
consult their own legal and financial advisers concerning these matters. This section describes generally
the most significant risks of investing in Notes linked to one or more underlyings such as interest rates,
swap rates and inflation indices. Each investor should carefully consider whether the Notes, as described
herein and in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, are suited to its particular circumstances
before deciding to purchase any Notes. 
1.
Risk Factors relating to the Issuer ................................................................................................ 3
1.1
Credit risk ..................................................................................................................................... 3
1.2
Conflicts of interest ...................................................................................................................... 3
1.3
The Issuer may be substituted without the consent of the holders of Notes ................................. 3
2.
Risk Factors relating to some or all of the Notes .......................................................................... 3
2.1
The value of the Notes may be influenced by unpredictable factors ............................................ 3
2.2
The Notes may be redeemed prior to maturity ............................................................................. 4
2.3
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium ....................................................................... 4
2.4
Secondary trading of the Notes may be limited ............................................................................ 5
2.5
Modification and waiver ............................................................................................................... 5
2.6
Restricted secondary trading if the electronic trading system is unavailable ............................... 5
2.7
Payments on certain Notes may be subject to U.S. withholding tax ............................................ 5
2.8
Issuer call option risk .................................................................................................................... 6
2.9
The Issuer may amend the terms and conditions of the Notes without Noteholder consent ........ 6
2.10
Investors may receive no or a limited amount of interest, payments may occur at a different time 
than expected and payments may be made in a different currency than expected .................................. 6
2.11
Status of the Notes ........................................................................................................................ 7
2.12
Investors who hold less than the minimum Specified Denomination may be unable to sell their Notes 
and may be adversely affected if definitive Notes are subsequently required to be issued ..................... 7
3.
Risk Factors relating to currencies and exchange rates ................................................................ 7
3.1
Exchange rates and exchange controls may affect the value or return of the Notes ..................... 7
3.2
Emerging market currencies ......................................................................................................... 8
3.3
Risks related to CNY Notes.......................................................................................................... 8
3.4
Exchange rates may affect the value of a judgment ................................................................... 10

--- Page 18 ---
Risk Factors Relating to the Notes 
3 
4.
Risk Factors relating to the relevant underlying ......................................................................... 11
4.1
Risks relating to "benchmark" rates............................................................................................ 11
4.2
Notes linked to one or more inflation indices ............................................................................. 25
5.
Risk Factors relating to Notes that include certain features........................................................ 25
5.1
Caps and floors on interest rates ................................................................................................. 25
5.2
If the interest rate on any Notes may be the subject of an automatic conversion, this may affect the 
secondary market and the market value of the Notes concerned ........................................................... 25
5.3
Automatic change of interest basis ............................................................................................. 25
1.
Risk Factors relating to the Issuer
1.1
Credit risk
The obligations of the Issuer under the Notes are unsecured. Holders of Notes bear the credit
risk of the Issuer, that is the risk that the Issuer is not able to meet its obligations under such
Notes, irrespective of how any principal, interest or other payments under such Notes are to be
calculated. Any rating of the Issuer reflects the independent opinion of the relevant rating
agency and is not a guarantee of the credit quality of the Issuer. If the Issuer is not able to meet
its obligations under the Notes, then that would have a significant negative impact on the
investor's return on the Notes and an investor may lose up to its entire investment. 
1.2
Conflicts of interest  
The Issuer and its affiliates may act in a number of capacities in connection with the Notes and
need not take into account the specific interests of any individual Noteholder. Such a party may
also enter into business dealings relating to the Notes or any asset to which the Notes are
exposed, from which such party may derive revenues and profits in addition to any fees stated
in the various documents, without any duty to account therefor, or act in a way that is adverse
to the interests of the Noteholders generally. 
For further information, see the section of this Base Prospectus titled "Conflicts of Interest". 
1.3
The Issuer may be substituted without the consent of the holders of Notes
The Issuer may, without the consent of Noteholders and provided certain conditions are
satisfied, agree to (i) substitute a subsidiary of Morgan Stanley in place of the Issuer or (ii)
substitute a non-Morgan Stanley Group entity in place of the Issuer (provided that such non-
Morgan Stanley Group entity is of at least the equivalent creditworthiness to the Issuer). Any
such substitution may result in a reduction in the value of the Notes. Additionally, if the Issuer
substitutes an entity in place of the Issuer, the tax consequences (including the withholding tax
consequences) of holding the Notes may change. Except as provided in Condition 12.1
(Additional Amounts), if withholding tax is required on the Notes, no additional amounts will
be required to be paid.
2.
Risk Factors relating to some or all of the Notes 
2.1
The value of the Notes may be influenced by unpredictable factors 
The value of the Notes may be influenced by several factors beyond the Issuer's and/or its
Affiliates' control, including: 
(i)
Interest Rates. Investments in the Notes may involve interest rate risk. The interest rate
level may fluctuate on a daily basis and cause the value of the Notes to change on a
daily basis. The interest rate risk is a result of the uncertainty with respect to future
changes of the market interest rate level. 
(ii)
Inflation. Investments in the Notes may involve inflation rate risk. Inflation rates may
be affected by the economic, financial and political events in one or more jurisdictions.
Rates of inflation may also be subject to significant fluctuations that my not correlate
with changes in interest rates or currencies and investors should be aware that the

--- Page 19 ---
Risk Factors Relating to the Notes 
4 
timing of such changes may affect the value of the Notes, even if the average level of
inflation is consistent with their expectations. 
(iii)
Remaining Term. Generally, the effect of pricing factors over the term of the Notes will
decrease as the maturity date approaches. However, this reduction in the effect of
pricing factors will not necessarily develop consistently up until the maturity date, but
may undergo temporary acceleration and/or deceleration. 
(iv)
Creditworthiness. Any prospective investor who purchases the Notes is relying upon
the creditworthiness of the Issuer, and has no rights against any other person. If the
Issuer becomes insolvent, investors may suffer potential loss of their entire investment
irrespective of any favourable development of the other value determining factors. The
ability of the Issuer to make its full payment obligations is subject to the Issuer not
being insolvent. 
Some or all of the above factors will influence the price investors will receive if an investor sells
its Notes prior to maturity, which is usually referred to as "secondary market practice". The
secondary market price may be lower than the market value of the issued Notes as at the Issue
Date to take into account, amongst other things, changes in market interest rates or inflation
rates, amounts paid to distributors and other intermediaries relating to the issue and sale of the
Notes and amounts relating to the hedging of the Issuer's obligations. As a result of all of these
factors, any investor that sells the Notes before the stated expiration or maturity date may receive
an amount in the secondary market which may be less than the then intrinsic market value of
the Notes and which may also be less than the amount the investor would have received had the
investor held the Notes through to maturity. 
2.2
The Notes may be redeemed prior to maturity 
Unless, in the case of any particular Series of Notes, the applicable Final Terms or Pricing
Supplement specify otherwise, in the event that the Issuer would be obliged to increase the
amounts payable in respect of any Notes due to any withholding or deduction for, or on account
of, any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied,
collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf of any relevant jurisdiction, the Issuer may
redeem all outstanding Notes in accordance with the Conditions at the early redemption amount
specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement. 
In addition, if, in the case of any particular Tranche of Notes, the applicable Final Terms or
Pricing Supplement specify that the Notes are redeemable at the Issuer's option in certain other
circumstances, the Issuer may choose to redeem the Notes at times when prevailing interest
rates may be relatively low. In such circumstances, an investor may not be able to reinvest the
redemption proceeds in a comparable security at an effective interest rate as high as that of the
relevant Notes. 
In addition, an optional redemption feature in any particular Tranche of Notes is likely to limit
their market value. During any period when the Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market
value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price at which they can be
redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period.
In the case of certain Notes, if such Notes are redeemed early for any reason, the amount payable
by the Issuer may be less than the amount that would have been paid had the Notes been
redeemed at maturity. 
In addition, in the circumstance of an event of default by the Issuer and acceleration of the
Notes, the investor would have an unsecured claim against the Issuer for the amount due on the
early redemption of the Notes. 
2.3
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The market values of Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium from their principal
amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for
conventional interest-bearing Notes. Generally, the longer the remaining term of such Notes,
the greater the price volatility as compared to conventional interest-bearing Notes with
comparable maturities.

--- Page 20 ---
Risk Factors Relating to the Notes 
5 
2.4
Secondary trading of the Notes may be limited
Potential investors should be willing to hold the Notes until maturity. The nature and extent of
any secondary market in the Notes cannot be predicted and there may be little or no secondary
market in the Notes. As a consequence, any person intending to hold the Notes should consider
liquidity in the Notes as a risk. Where the Notes are listed or quoted on an exchange or quotation
system, this does not imply greater or lesser liquidity than if equivalent Notes were not so listed
or quoted and the Issuer cannot guarantee that the listing or quotation will be permanently
maintained. Where the Notes are not listed or quoted, it becomes more difficult to purchase and
sell such Notes and there may also be a lack of transparency with regard to pricing information. 
Further, although an issuer may apply to have certain issuances of Notes admitted to listing on
the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to trading on the Regulated Market or
Euro MTF Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, or admitted to listing, trading and/or
quotation by any other listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system, approval for
any listing is subject to meeting the relevant listing requirements. Even if there is a secondary
market, it may not provide enough liquidity to allow the investor to sell or trade the Notes easily.
Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc and other affiliates of Morgan Stanley may, from time
to time, make a market in the Notes, but they are not required to do so, save to the extent required
under the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are listed and admitted to trading. If
Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc or one or more of its affiliates does make a market for
the Notes, it may cease to do so at any time without notice to investors and it is not obligated to
provide any quotation of bid or offer price(s) for the Notes which is favourable to investors. If
at any time Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc and other affiliates of the Issuer were to
cease making a market in the Notes, it is likely that there would be little or no secondary market
for the Notes. This may impact the ability of a Noteholder to sell the Notes at any time.
2.5
Modification and waiver 
The Conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider
matters affecting their interests generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all
holders of the relevant Notes, including holders who did not attend and vote at the relevant
meeting and holders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. Holders of the Notes
should be aware that if they are not part of the defined majority, including if such holder did not
attend the relevant meeting, they will be bound by the decision of the defined majority on
matters which may negatively affect the interests of the such holder.
2.6
Restricted secondary trading if the electronic trading system is unavailable
Trading in the Notes may be conducted via one or more electronic trading systems so that "buy" 
and "sell" prices can be quoted for exchange and off-exchange trading. If an electronic trading
system used by the Issuer and/or its Affiliates were to become partially or completely
unavailable, such a development would have a corresponding effect on the ability of investors
to trade the Notes. 
2.7
Payments on certain Notes may be subject to U.S. withholding tax
Payments on a Note may be subject to U.S. withholding tax of 30 per cent. if the beneficial
owner of the Note does not meet the criteria for being exempt from this withholding tax,
including the requirement that the beneficial owner (and any financial institution holding the
Note on behalf of the beneficial owner) comply with certain U.S. tax identification and
certification requirements, generally by furnishing the appropriate Internal Revenue Service
("IRS") Form W-8 on which the beneficial owner certifies under penalties of perjury that it is
not a United States person, as defined in the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended
(the "Code"), and meets the criteria for exemption from such U.S. withholding tax. 
As discussed in "Taxation – United States Federal Taxation", Sections 1471 through 1474 of
the Code, an agreement entered into with the IRS pursuant to such sections of the Code, or an
intergovernmental agreement (an "IGA") between the U.S. and another jurisdiction in
furtherance of such sections of the Code (including any non-U.S. laws and regulations
implementing such an IGA) (collectively referred to as "FATCA") may impose a withholding
tax of 30 per cent. on payments made on the Notes (including payments made by financial
intermediaries), unless various U.S. information reporting and due diligence requirements have
been satisfied.

--- Page 21 ---
Risk Factors Relating to the Notes 
6 
If U.S. withholding tax is imposed because a beneficial owner (or financial institution holding
a Note on behalf of a beneficial owner) does not timely provide the required U.S. tax forms or
meet the criteria for exemption from such U.S. withholding tax or if withholding is imposed
under FATCA, none of the Issuer or any intermediary will be required to pay any additional
amounts or otherwise indemnify a holder with respect to the amounts so withheld. See
"Taxation – United States Federal Taxation" for further discussion of these rules. Prospective
investors should therefore be aware that, if U.S. withholding tax is so imposed, investors will
receive less than the amount that investors would have been entitled to receive under the terms
of the Notes if such U.S. withholding tax had not been imposed. 
2.8
Issuer call option risk 
If Call Option is specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement as being
applicable, the Issuer will have the right to redeem the Notes on any "Optional Redemption 
Date (Call)". Following the exercise by the Issuer of such Call Option, the investors will be
entitled to receive a pre-determined amount which may be less than the amount that the investors
would have been entitled to receive under the terms of the Notes, if such Call Option had not
been exercised.
The determination to redeem the Notes will be made by the Issuer taking into account a number
of factors, including (in the case of Inflation-Linked Notes) the current level of the Inflation
Index to which the Notes are linked, and the likelihood that such levels will be maintained or
will decrease or increase, in the future and it is likely that the Issuer will exercise the Call Option
at a time in which the redemption of the Notes is least favourable for the investors. The Issuer
shall make such determination without taking into account the interest of the investors. The Call
Option therefore can limit the possibility for investors to realise in full the expected returns. 
An optional redemption feature of the Notes is likely to limit their market value. During any
period when the Issuer may elect to redeem the Notes, the market value of those Notes generally
will not rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. 
If the Notes are Inflation-Linked Notes and the Issuer exercises the Call Option, investors in the
Notes will no longer be able to participate in the performance of the Inflation Index or Inflation
Indices to which the Notes are linked. 
If the Issuer exercises the Call Option, investors generally might not be able to reinvest the
redemption proceeds rate in the same market environment as it was available at the time in
which they invested in the Notes and they might be unable to reinvest at a comparable rate of
returns. Investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at
the time of their investment decision. 
2.9
The Issuer may amend the terms and conditions of the Notes without Noteholder consent
Condition 17.2 (Modification) allows the Issuer to amend the terms and conditions of the Notes
without the consent of the Noteholders, if, in the Issuer's opinion, the amendment is: to correct
a manifest error or to effect a modification which is of a formal, minor or technical nature; to
cure any ambiguity or correct or supplement any defective provisions; to correct an error or
omission such that, in the absence of such correction, the relevant terms proposed to be corrected
would not otherwise represent the intended terms on which the relevant Notes were sold and
have since traded; or not materially prejudicial to Noteholders. Prospective investors should be
aware that the Issuer is not required to consult with any other party, including the Noteholders,
prior to amending the terms and conditions of the Notes pursuant to Condition 17.2
(Modification). The Issuer is entitled to exercise its discretion in making these determinations
and Noteholders will be bound by any such amendments made pursuant to Condition 17.2
(Modification), notwithstanding that the Noteholder's consent is not required for such
amendments. 
2.10
Investors may receive no or a limited amount of interest, payments may occur at a different 
time than expected and payments may be made in a different currency than expected 
Potential investors should be aware that, depending on the terms of the relevant Notes, (i) they
may receive no or a limited amount of interest, (ii) payments may occur at a different time than
expected and/or (iii) payments may be made in a different currency than expected.

--- Page 22 ---
Risk Factors Relating to the Notes 
7 
2.11
Status of the Notes 
The Notes constitute part of the Issuer's senior debt and will rank pari passu with all of the
Issuer's other unsecured and unsubordinated debt. 
Morgan Stanley intends that the Notes will, when issued, constitute "loss-absorbing capacity" 
within the meaning of the final rules issued by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve
System and, accordingly, will have only those provisions described in this Base Prospectus that
will permit compliance thereof at such time of issuance. In this respect, Morgan Stanley is a
parent holding company and has no operations and depends on dividends, distributions and
other payments from its subsidiaries to fund its debt obligations (including Notes). Under a
support agreement that Morgan Stanley has entered with its material subsidiaries, upon the
occurrence of a resolution scenario, including a single-point-of-entry resolution strategy as
contemplated in its resolution plan, Morgan Stanley would be obligated to contribute or loan on
a subordinated basis all of its material assets, other than shares in its subsidiaries and certain
intercompany payables, to provide capital and liquidity, as applicable, to its material
subsidiaries. That obligation will be secured, in accordance with an amended and restated
secured support agreement, on a senior basis by Morgan Stanley's assets (other than shares in
its subsidiaries). As a result, claims of Morgan Stanley's material subsidiaries against its assets
(other than shares in its subsidiaries) will be effectively senior to its unsecured obligations,
including Notes which would be at risk of absorbing Morgan Stanley's and its subsidiaries'
losses. 
2.12
Investors who hold less than the minimum Specified Denomination may be unable to sell 
their Notes and may be adversely affected if definitive Notes are subsequently required to be 
issued 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified
Denomination plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is
possible that such Notes may be traded in amounts in excess of the minimum Specified
Denomination that are not integral multiples of such minimum Specified Denomination. In such
a case, a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less than the
minimum Specified Denomination in his account with the relevant clearing system would not
be able to sell the remainder of such holding without first purchasing a principal amount of
Notes at or in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination such that its holding amounts to
a Specified Denomination. Further, a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an
amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in his account with the relevant
clearing system at the relevant time may not receive a definitive Note in respect of such holding
(should definitive Notes be issued) and would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes at
or in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination such that its holding amounts to a
Specified Denomination. 
If such Notes in definitive form are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Notes which
have a denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination
may be illiquid and difficult to trade. 
3.
Risk Factors relating to currencies and exchange rates  
3.1
Exchange rates and exchange controls may affect the value or return of the Notes 
General Exchange Rate and Exchange Control Risks. An investment in a Note denominated in
currencies other than the investor's home currency entails significant risks. These risks include
the possibility of significant changes in rates of exchange between its home currency and the
other relevant currencies and the possibility of the imposition or modification of exchange
controls by the relevant governmental authorities. These risks generally depend on economic
and political events over which the Issuer has no control. Such risks may impact the payments
due under the Notes and therefore the value or return of the Notes.
Exchange Rates Will Affect the Investor's Investment. In recent years, rates of exchange between
some currencies have been highly volatile and this volatility may continue in the future.
Fluctuations in any particular exchange rate that have occurred in the past are not necessarily
indicative, however, of fluctuations that may occur during the term of any Note. Depreciation
against the investor's home currency or the currency in which a Note is payable would result in

--- Page 23 ---
Risk Factors Relating to the Notes 
8 
a decrease in the effective yield of the Note below its coupon rate and could result in an overall
loss to an investor on the basis of the investor's home currency. 
The Issuer Has No Control Over Exchange Rates. Currency exchange rates can either float or
be fixed. Exchange rates of most economically developed nations are permitted to fluctuate in
value relative to each other. However, from time to time, governments may use a variety of
techniques, such as intervention by a country's central bank, the imposition of regulatory
controls or taxes, or changes in interest rate to influence the exchange rates of their currencies.
Governments may also issue a new currency to replace an existing currency or alter the
exchange rate or relative exchange characteristics by a devaluation or revaluation of a currency.
These governmental actions could change or interfere with currency valuations and currency
fluctuations that would otherwise occur in response to economic forces, as well as in response
to the movement of currencies across borders. 
As a consequence, these government actions could adversely affect yields or payouts in the
investor's home currency for Notes denominated or payable in currencies other than the
investor's home currency. 
The Issuer will not make any adjustment or change in the terms of the Notes in the event that
exchange rates should become fixed, or in the event of any devaluation or revaluation or
imposition of exchange or other regulatory controls or taxes, or in the event of other
developments affecting any currency. Therefore, the investor will bear those risks, which may
adversely impact the return on and the value of the Notes. 
Some Currencies May Become Unavailable. Governments have imposed from time to time, and
may in the future impose, exchange controls that could also affect the availability of a Specified
Currency (as defined herein). Even if there are no actual exchange controls, it is possible that
the applicable currency for any security would not be available when payments on that security
are due. 
3.2
Emerging market currencies  
Where the Notes are denominated in an emerging market currency, such emerging market
currencies can be significantly more volatile than currencies of more developed markets.
Emerging markets currencies are highly exposed to the risk of a currency crisis happening in
the future. In certain circumstances (including, without limitation, if an Inconvertibility Event
occurs), the Determination Agent may be required to make certain adjustments to the terms and
conditions applicable to the Notes and, in doing so, may be entitled to exercise substantial
discretion. Such adjustments may have an adverse effect on the value or return of the Notes. 
3.3
Risks related to CNY Notes 
In this Risk Factor, references to "CNY Notes" are to Notes denominated in CNY or Renminbi
deliverable in Hong Kong, or such other CNY Centre as specified in the applicable Final Terms
or Pricing Supplement. 
Renminbi is not a completely freely convertible currency at present, and there are still
significant restrictions on remittance of Renminbi into and outside the People's Republic of
China ("PRC") which may affect the liquidity of the Notes. 
The PRC government continues to regulate conversion between Renminbi and foreign
currencies, including the Hong Kong dollar, despite a reduction in recent years by the PRC
government of control over routine foreign exchange transactions for current account items such
as payments for imported goods and salary payments. Participating banks in Hong Kong have
been permitted to engage in the settlement of Renminbi trade transactions under a pilot scheme
introduced in July 2009. The pilot scheme was extended in June 2010 to cover 20 provinces and
cities in the PRC and was further extended in August 2011 to cover all of the PRC and to make
Renminbi trade and other current account item settlement available in all countries worldwide. 
However, remittance of Renminbi by foreign investors into the PRC for purposes such as capital
contributions, known as capital account items, is generally only permitted upon obtaining
specific approvals from, or completing specific regulations or filings with, the relevant
authorities on a case-by-case basis and subject to a strict monitoring system. Regulations in the
PRC on the remittance of Renminbi into the PRC for settlement of capital account items are
developing gradually.

--- Page 24 ---
Risk Factors Relating to the Notes 
9 
On 13 October 2011, the People's Bank of China (the "PBOC") promulgated the
"Administrative Measures on Renminbi Settlement of Foreign Direct Investment" (the "PBOC 
FDI Measures") as part of the implementation of the PBOC's detailed foreign direct
investments ("FDI") accounts administration system. The system covers almost all aspects in
relation to FDI, including capital injections, payments for the acquisition of PRC domestic
enterprises, repatriation of dividends and other distributions, as well as Renminbi-denominated
cross-border loans. On 14 June 2012, the PBOC further issued the implementing rules for the
PBOC FDI Measures. Under the PBOC FDI Measures, special approval for RMB FDI and
shareholder loans from the PBOC, which was previously required, is no longer necessary. In
some cases, however, post-event filing with the PBOC is still necessary. 
On 3 December 2013, the Ministry of Commerce of the PRC ("MOFCOM") promulgated the
"Circular on issues in relation to Cross-border Renminbi Foreign Direct Investment" (the
"MOFCOM Circular"), which became effective on 1 January 2014, to further facilitate FDI
by simplifying and streamlining the applicable regulatory framework. Pursuant to the
MOFCOM Circular, written approval from the appropriate office of MOFCOM and/or its local
counterparts specifying "Renminbi Foreign Direct Investment" and the amount of capital
contribution is required for each FDI. Unlike previous MOFCOM regulations on FDI, the
MOFCOM Circular removes the approval requirement for foreign investors who intend to
change the currency of their existing capital contribution from a foreign currency to Renminbi.
In addition, the MOFCOM Circular also clearly prohibits FDI funds from being used for any
investments in securities and financial derivatives (except for investments in PRC-listed
companies by strategic investors) or for entrustment loans in the PRC. 
As the MOFCOM Circular and the PBOC FDI Measures are relatively new circulars, they will
be subject to interpretation and application by the relevant authorities in the PRC. 
Although the Renminbi was added to the Special Drawing Rights basket created by the
International Monetary Fund on 1 October 2016, there is no assurance that the PRC government
will continue to gradually liberalise control over cross-border remittance of Renminbi in the
future, that any schemes for Renminbi cross-border utilisation will not be discontinued or that
new regulations in the PRC will not be promulgated in the future which have the effect of
restricting or eliminating the remittance of Renminbi into or outside the PRC. In the event that
any regulatory restrictions inhibit the ability of the Issuer to repatriate funds outside the PRC to
meet its obligations under CNY Notes, the Issuer will need to source Renminbi offshore to
finance such obligations under CNY Notes, and its ability to do so will be subject to the overall
availability of Renminbi outside the PRC. 
The limited availability of Renminbi outside the PRC may affect the liquidity of the CNY Notes
and the Issuer's ability to source Renminbi to make payments in respect of the CNY Notes. 
As a result of the restrictions by the PRC government on cross-border Renminbi funds flows,
there are limits on availability of Renminbi outside the PRC. Currently, licensed banks in
Singapore and Hong Kong may offer limited CNY-denominated banking services to Singapore
residents, Hong Kong residents and specified business customers. While the PBOC has entered
into agreements on the clearing of Renminbi business with financial institutions in a number of
financial centres and cities (the "CNY Clearing Bank"), including, but not limited to, Hong
Kong (the "Settlement Agreements"), and are in the process of establishing a Renminbi
clearing and settlement mechanisms in several other jurisdictions, the current size of Renminbi-
denominated financial assets outside the PRC is limited. Renminbi business participating banks
do not have direct Renminbi liquidity support from PBOC. The CNY Clearing Banks only have
access to onshore liquidity support from the PBOC for the purpose of squaring open positions
of participating banks for limited types of transactions, including open positions resulting from
conversion services for corporations relating to cross-border trade settlement. The relevant CNY
Clearing Bank is not obliged to square for participating banks any open positions resulting from
other foreign exchange transactions or conversion services and the participating banks will need
to source Renminbi from outside the PRC to square such open positions. 
Although it is expected that the offshore Renminbi market will continue to grow in depth and
size, its growth is subject to many constraints as a result of PRC laws and regulations on foreign
exchange. The Issuer cannot assure the investor that new PRC regulations will not be
promulgated or the Settlement Agreement will not be terminated or amended in the future,
which will have the effect of restricting the availability of Renminbi offshore. The limited

--- Page 25 ---
Risk Factors Relating to the Notes 
10 
availability of Renminbi outside of the PRC may affect the liquidity of the Notes issued
hereunder. The Issuer cannot assure the investor that it will be able to source Renminbi on
satisfactory terms, if at all, to make payments on the Notes in such currency. 
Investment in CNY Notes is subject to exchange rate risks
The value of Renminbi against the Hong Kong dollar and other foreign currencies fluctuates
and is affected by developments in or affecting the PRC, international political and economic
conditions and many other factors. In August 2015, the PBOC implemented changes to the way
it calculates the midpoint against the U.S. dollar to take into account market-maker quotes
before announcing the daily midpoint. This change, among others that may be implemented,
may increase the volatility in the value of the Renminbi against other currencies. All payments
of interest and principal will be made with respect to the Notes in CNY, except in the case of
CNY Inconvertibility, CNY Non-Transferability or CNY Illiquidity (as defined in Condition 25
(CNY Disruption Events)), in which case all payments and settlement in CNY will be made in
accordance with Condition 25 (CNY Disruption Events). As a result, the value of CNY payments
may vary with the prevailing exchange rates in the marketplace. If the value of CNY depreciates
against the relevant currency, the value of the investment in relevant currency will have
declined. In the case of CNY Inconvertibility, CNY Non-Transferability or CNY Illiquidity (as
defined in Condition 25 (CNY Disruption Events)), such a decline may be very substantial. In
August 2015, PBOC changed the way it calculates the mid-point price of Renminbi against the
U.S. dollar, requiring the market-makers who submit for the PBOC's reference rates to consider
the previous day's closing spot rate, foreign-exchange demand and supply as well as changes in
major currency rates. This change, and other changes such as widening the trading band that
may be implemented, may increase volatility in the value of the Renminbi against foreign
currencies. In May 2017, PBOC further decided to introduce counter-cyclical factors to offset
the market pro-cyclicality, so that the midpoint quotes could adequately reflect PRC's actual
economic performance. However, the volatility in the value of the Renminbi against other
currencies still exists. 
Payments for the CNY Notes will only be made to investors in the manner specified in the CNY
Notes
All payments to investors in respect of the Notes will be made solely (i) for so long as the CNY
Notes are represented by a Note held with the common depositary for Clearstream Banking,
S.A. and Euroclear Bank SA/NV or any Relevant Clearing System by transfer to a CNY bank
account maintained in the relevant offshore CNY centre(s) specified therein, or (ii) for so long
as the Notes are in definitive form, by transfer to a CNY bank account maintained in the relevant
offshore CNY centre(s) specified therein in accordance with prevailing rules and regulations.
The Issuer cannot be required to make payment by any other means (including in any other
currency or by transfer to a bank account in the PRC).
There may be PRC tax consequences with respect to investment in the CNY Notes 
In considering whether to invest in the CNY Notes, investors should consult their individual tax
advisers with regard to the application of PRC tax laws to their particular situations as well as
any tax consequences arising under the laws of any other tax jurisdictions. The value of the
holder's investment in the CNY Notes may be materially and adversely affected if the holder is
required to pay PRC tax with respect to acquiring, holding or disposing of and receiving
payments under those CNY Notes.
3.4
Exchange rates may affect the value of a judgment
The Notes will be governed by the laws of the State of New York. If a New York court were to
enter a judgment in an action on any securities denominated in a foreign currency, such court
would either enter a judgment in U.S. dollars based on the prevailing rate of exchange between
the foreign currency and U.S. dollars on the date such judgment is entered or enter judgment in
the foreign currency and convert the judgment or decree into U.S. dollars at the prevailing rate
of exchange on the date such judgment or decree is entered.

--- Page 26 ---
Risk Factors Relating to the Notes 
11 
4.
Risk Factors relating to the relevant underlying 
4.1
Risks relating to "benchmark" rates 
(a)
The regulation and reform of "benchmarks" may adversely affect the value of and return on 
Notes linked to or referencing such "benchmarks" 
 Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and
financial contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds (the "EU Benchmarks 
Regulation") is a key element of the ongoing regulatory reform of benchmarks in the EU and
has applied since 1 January 2018. The EU Benchmarks Regulation has been amended by
Regulation (EU) 2019/2089 as regards EU Climate Transition Benchmarks, EU Paris-aligned
Benchmarks and sustainability-related disclosures, by Regulation (EU) 2019/2175 and
Regulation (EU) 2021/168, the latter of which introduced new powers for regulators to mandate
one or more replacement rates for critical or systemically important benchmarks in certain
limited circumstances (see "Replacement of LIBOR, and the potential replacement of other
Interbank Offered Rates ("IBORs") may adversely affect the return on any Notes linked to such
IBORs and their secondary market prices" below) and a limited exemption for certain foreign
exchange rates.
Following the end of the Brexit transitional period at 11.00p.m (London time) on 31 December
2020 the EU Benchmarks Regulation in its then current form was saved into UK domestic law
subject to a number of modifications (the "UK Benchmarks Regulation" and, together with
the EU Benchmarks Regulation, the "Benchmarks Regulations"). 
In addition to so-called "critical benchmarks" such as the London Interbank Offered Rate
("LIBOR") and the Euro Interbank Offered Rate ("EURIBOR"), other interest rates, foreign
exchange rates and certain indices, will in most cases be within scope of the EU Benchmarks
Regulation as "benchmarks" where they are used to determine the amount payable under, or
the value of, certain financial instruments (including Notes listed on an EU (in the case of the
EU Benchmarks Regulation) or UK (in the case of the UK Benchmarks Regulation) regulated
market or multilateral trading facility ("MTF")), and in a number of other circumstances.
Each Benchmarks Regulation applies to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input
data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the EU (in the case of the EU
Benchmarks Regulation) or the UK (in the case of the UK Benchmarks Regulation). Among
other things, it (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if not
based in the EU (in the case of the EU Benchmarks Regulation) or UK (in the case of the UK
Benchmarks Regulation), to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or
endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain use by supervised entities of "benchmarks" provided by
administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if not based in the EU (in the case of the
EU Benchmarks Regulation) or UK (in the case of the UK Benchmarks Regulation), not deemed
equivalent or recognised or endorsed), subject in each case to transitional provisions for
benchmarks provided by third-country benchmark administrators.
The Benchmarks Regulations could have a material impact on any Notes linked to or referencing
a "benchmark". For example: 
• 
a rate or index which is a "benchmark" may not be used in certain ways by a supervised
entity if (subject to applicable transitional provisions) its administrator does not obtain
authorisation or registration (or, if a non-EU or non-UK (as the case may be) entity, does
not satisfy the "equivalence" conditions and is not "recognised" pending an equivalence
decision). If the benchmark administrator does not obtain or maintain (as applicable) such
authorisation or registration or, if a non-EU entity, "equivalence" is not available and it is
not recognised, then the Notes may be redeemed prior to maturity; and 
• 
the methodology or other terms of the "benchmark" could be changed in order to comply
with the requirements of the relevant Benchmarks Regulation, and such changes could
reduce or increase the rate or level or affect the volatility of the published rate or level, and
(depending on the terms of the particular Notes) could lead to adjustments to the terms of
the Notes as the Determination Agent deems necessary or appropriate.

--- Page 27 ---
Risk Factors Relating to the Notes 
12 
Any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of
"benchmarks", could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in
the setting of a "benchmark" and complying with any such regulations or requirements. Such
factors may have the following effects on certain "benchmarks": (i) discourage market
participants from continuing to administer or contribute to the "benchmark"; (ii) trigger
changes in the rules or methodologies used in the "benchmark" and/or (iii) lead to the
disappearance of the "benchmark". Any of the above changes or any other consequential
changes as a result of international or national reforms or other initiatives or investigations,
could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Notes linked to or
referencing a "benchmark" and the Determination Agent may be entitled to make
corresponding adjustments to the conditions of the Notes. 
(b)
Reform of LIBOR, EURIBOR and Other Interest Rate Index and Equity, Commodity 
and Foreign Exchange Rate Index "Benchmarks"  
LIBOR, EURIBOR and other indices which are deemed "benchmarks" are the subject of recent
national, international and other regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these
reforms are already effective while others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause
such "benchmarks" to perform differently than in the past, or to disappear entirely, or have
other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material
adverse effect on any Notes linked to a "benchmark."
Any of the international, national or other proposals for reform or the general increased
regulatory scrutiny of "benchmarks" could increase the costs and risks of administering or
otherwise participating in the setting of a "benchmark" and complying with any such
regulations or requirements. Such factors may have the effect of discouraging market
participants from continuing to administer or participate in certain "benchmarks", trigger
changes in the rules or methodologies used in certain "benchmarks" or lead to the disappearance
of certain "benchmarks". The disappearance of a "benchmark" or changes in the manner of
administration of a "benchmark" could have materially adverse consequences in relation to
Notes linked to such "benchmark". 
(c)
Replacement of LIBOR, and the potential replacement of other Interbank Offered Rates 
("IBORs"), may adversely affect the return on any Notes linked to such IBORs and their 
secondary market prices and also Morgan Stanley's business, financial condition and results 
of operations 
Central banks around the world, including the U.S. Federal Reserve, have commissioned
working groups that include market participants (the "Alternative Rate Committees") with
the goal of finding suitable replacements for their currency's LIBOR (and certain other IBORs)
that are based on observable market transactions. The search for replacements accelerated after
the Financial Stability Board reported that uncertainty surrounding the integrity of LIBOR
represents a potentially serious systemic vulnerability and risk due to limited transactions in the
underlying inter-bank lending market. In July 2017, the Chief Executive of the United Kingdom
Financial Conduct Authority (the "FCA"), which regulates LIBOR, called for an orderly
transition over a 4-5 year period from LIBOR to the reference rates selected by the Alternative
Rate Committees. The FCA's announcement stated that it expects that it would not be in a
position to sustain LIBOR through its influence or legal compulsion powers after the end of
2021.
On 5 March 2021, the FCA announced that: 
• 
immediately after 31 December 2021, publication of all seven euro LIBOR settings, all
seven Swiss franc LIBOR settings, the Spot Next, 1-week, 2-month and 12-month
Japanese yen LIBOR settings, the overnight, 1-week, 2-month and 12-month sterling
LIBOR settings and the 1-week and 2-month US dollar LIBOR settings will cease; 
• 
immediately after 30 June 2023, publication of the overnight and 12-month US dollar
LIBOR settings will cease; 
• 
immediately after 31 December 2021, the 1-month, 3-month and 6-month Japanese yen
LIBOR settings and the 1-month, 3-month and 6-month sterling LIBOR settings will no
longer be representative and representativeness will not be restored; and

--- Page 28 ---
Risk Factors Relating to the Notes 
13 
• 
immediately after 30 June 2023, the 1-month, 3-month and 6-month US dollar LIBOR
settings will no longer be representative and representativeness will not be restored. 
Potential investors in the Notes should therefore expect that the majority of LIBOR settings will
be permanently discontinued immediately after 31 December 2021 (or, in the case of the
overnight and 12-month US dollar LIBOR settings, immediately after 30 June 2023) and that
the remaining LIBOR settings will cease to be representative immediately after 31 December
2021 (or, in the case of the 1-month, 3-month and 6-month US dollar LIBOR settings,
immediately after 30 June 2023). The discontinuation or non-representativeness of the LIBOR
settings may also impact interest rate swaps that have a floating leg referencing a LIBOR setting
and this in turn may impact swap rates, including CMS Reference Rates, based on the fixed leg
prices for such interest rate swaps. 
In the same announcement the FCA stated that it would consult on requiring ICE Benchmark
Administration Limited ("IBA"), the administrator of LIBOR, to continue to publish the
following LIBOR settings on a changed methodology (also known as a "synthetic") basis using
new powers given to the FCA under the Financial Services Act 2021: 
• 
1-month, 3-month and 6-month sterling LIBOR for a further period after the end of 2021; 
• 
1-month, 3-month and 6-month Japanese yen LIBOR, for one additional year after the
end of 2021; and 
• 
1-month, 3-month and 6-month US dollar LIBOR for a further period after the end of
June 2023. 
While the FCA have not yet specified the period for which they would propose to require IBA
to continue publishing the 1-month, 3-month and 6-month settings of sterling LIBOR and US
dollar LIBOR, it should be noted that under Article 21 of the UK Benchmarks Regulation the
maximum cumulative period for which the FCA may compel an administrator of a critical
benchmark (such as LIBOR) to continue publishing the benchmark is 10 years.
In addition: 
• 
under Article 21A of the UK Benchmarks Regulation, where the administrator of a
critical benchmark (such as LIBOR) has notified the FCA that it intends to cease
providing such benchmark, and the FCA has completed its assessment in relation to the
intended cessation, the FCA has power to prohibit some or all "new use" of the
benchmark by "supervised entities" (as each term is defined in the UK Benchmarks
Regulation); and 
• 
if the FCA considers that a critical benchmark (such as LIBOR) is not representative of
the market or economic reality that it is intended to measure or that the representativeness
of the benchmark is at risk, the FCA may, subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions,
designate the relevant benchmark as an "Article 23A benchmark". A consequence of a
benchmark being designated as an Article 23A benchmark is that "supervised entities" 
are not permitted to "use" (as such term is defined in the UK Benchmarks Regulation)
such benchmark except as permitted by the FCA. The FCA has power to postpone the
prohibition on use of an Article 23A benchmark by supervised entities for up to four
months from the effective date of designation of the benchmark as an Article 23A
benchmark, and also power to permit some or all "legacy use of the benchmark" (as such
term is defined in the UK Benchmarks Regulation) by "supervised entities". 
The above prohibitions on use will only apply to entities that are "supervised entities" for the
purposes of the UK Benchmarks Regulation and will only prohibit "use of a benchmark" if the
proposed activity amounts to "use" and is in respect of a financial instrument, financial contract
or investment fund that is within the scope of the UK Benchmarks Regulation. While the
fallbacks set out in Condition 6.17 (Relevant Rates Benchmark Discontinuance or Prohibition
on Use), Condition 6.18 (Effect of Benchmark Transition Event) and Condition 6.20 (General
Fallback Arrangements) each contain triggers that would permit LIBOR to be replaced as the
benchmark for the Notes following a public statement or publication of information by the

--- Page 29 ---
Risk Factors Relating to the Notes 
14 
regulatory supervisor for the administrator of LIBOR announcing that the relevant LIBOR
setting is no longer representative, it is possible that certain Notes that reference a LIBOR setting
and in respect of which the relevant LIBOR setting has, for any reason, not been replaced by a
replacement rate pursuant to the applicable fallbacks set out in Condition 6.17 (Relevant Rates
Benchmark Discontinuance or Prohibition on Use), Condition 6.18 (Effect of Benchmark
Transition Event) or Condition 6.20 (General Fallback Arrangements) will continue to
reference LIBOR (but in its "synthetic" form). Prospective investors in any Notes referencing
LIBOR should be aware that synthetic LIBOR will not be representative of the underlying
market or economic reality intended to be measured by the relevant LIBOR setting, will not be
the same or equivalent to LIBOR and these differences, as well as the expected reduced liquidity
in instruments referencing LIBOR, could adversely affect the value of and return on any such
Notes linked to LIBOR and their secondary market prices.
The FCA is still to announce the outcome of its consultation. Any proposed exercise by the FCA
of its powers to require continued publication of LIBOR settings on a synthetic basis or on the
ability for "supervised entities" (as defined in the UK Benchmarks Regulation) to use such
synthetic LIBOR in financial instruments could have a material adverse effect on the value of
and return on any Notes linked to LIBOR (either directly or indirectly, e.g. Notes linked to a
CMS Reference Rate where the underlying reference rate references a LIBOR-linked interest
rate swap) and their secondary market prices. 
The reform and replacement of IBORs (including LIBOR) and the transition to risk free rates
may cause the relevant IBOR to perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or to
have other consequences that cannot be predicted. Any of these developments could have a
material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Notes linked to such IBOR (either
directly or indirectly, e.g. Notes linked to a CMS Reference Rate where the underlying reference
rate references an IBOR-linked interest rate swap) and their secondary market prices.
Furthermore, such developments may trigger the applicable fallbacks that are contained in
Conditions 6.17 (Relevant Rates Benchmark Discontinuance or Prohibition on Use) to 6.20
(General Fallback Arrangements) having the consequences and risks described below. 
The Federal Reserve Bank of New York now publishes three reference rates based on overnight
U.S. Treasury repurchase agreement transactions, including the Secured Overnight Financing
Rate, which had been recommended as the alternative to U.S. dollar LIBOR by the Alternative
Reference Rates Committee convened by the Federal Reserve and the Federal Reserve Bank of
New York. Further, the Bank of England is publishing a reformed Sterling Overnight Index
Average, comprised of a broader set of overnight Sterling money market transactions, which
has been selected by the Working Group on Sterling Risk-Free Reference Rates as the
alternative rate to Sterling LIBOR. Central bank-sponsored committees in other jurisdictions,
including Europe, Japan and Switzerland, have selected alternative reference rates denominated
in other currencies. 
The market transition away from IBORs to alternative reference rates is complex and could
have a range of adverse impacts on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
In particular, such transition or reform could:

Adversely impact the pricing, liquidity, value of, return on and trading for a broad array of
financial products, including any IBOR-linked securities, loans and derivatives that are included
in Morgan Stanley's financial assets and liabilities; 

Require extensive changes to documentation that governs or references IBOR or IBOR-based
products, including, for example, pursuant to time-consuming renegotiations of existing
documentation to modify the terms of outstanding securities and related hedging transactions; 

Result in a population of products with documentation that governs or references IBOR or
IBOR-based products but that cannot be amended due to an inability to obtain sufficient consent
from counterparties or product owners;

--- Page 30 ---
Risk Factors Relating to the Notes 
15 

Result in inquiries or other actions from regulators in respect of Morgan Stanley's (or the
market's) preparation and readiness for the replacement of an IBOR with one or more alternative
reference rates; 

Result in disputes, litigation or other actions with clients, counterparties and investors, in
various scenarios, such as regarding the interpretation and enforceability of provisions in IBOR-
based products such as fallback language or other related provisions, including in the case of
fallbacks to the alternative reference rates, any economic, legal, operational or other impact
resulting from the fundamental differences between the IBORs and the various alternative
reference rates; 

Require the transition and/or development of appropriate systems and analytics to effectively
transition Morgan Stanley's risk management processes from IBORs to those based on one or
more alternative reference rates in a timely manner, including by quantifying value and risk for
various alternative reference rates, which may prove challenging given the limited history of
the proposed alternative reference rates; and 

Cause Morgan Stanley to incur additional costs in relation to any of the above factors. 
Other factors include the pace of the transition to the alternative reference rates, timing
mismatches between cash and derivative markets, the specific terms and parameters for and
market acceptance of any alternative reference rate, market conventions for the use of any
alternative reference rate in connection with a particular product (including the timing and
market adoption of any conventions proposed or recommended by any industry or other group),
prices of and the liquidity of trading markets for products based on alternative reference rates,
and our ability to transition and develop appropriate systems and analytics for one or more
alternative reference rates. 
(d)
Swap Rates may be materially amended or discontinued 
EURIBOR, GBP LIBOR, USD LIBOR and other "IBORs" are used as the floating leg in the
calculation of the EUR Swap Rate, GBP Swap Rate, USD Swap Rate and other swap rates
(collectively, the "Swap Rates", and each a "Swap Rate") and these may be used as CMS
Reference Rates, or other Relevant Rates Benchmarks, for the Notes. Consequently, if
EURIBOR, GBP LIBOR, USD LIBOR and/or other relevant "IBORs" are discontinued (the
possibility of which is as described above), it may not be possible to calculate the relevant Swap
Rate(s), and the Swap Rate may be discontinued. The occurrence of these events may trigger
the applicable fallbacks that are contained in Conditions 6.17 (Relevant Rates Benchmark
Discontinuance or Prohibition on Use) to 6.20 (General Fallback Arrangements) having the
consequences and risks described below. 
More specifically, IBA, the administrator of the GBP LIBOR ICE Swap Rate and the USD
LIBOR ICE Swap Rate, has stated that following the FCA's announcement on 5 March 2021
regarding the future cessation and loss of representativeness of LIBOR, IBA does not expect
the necessary input data to calculate the GBP LIBOR ICE Swap Rate settings (i.e. eligible
interest rate swap transactions referencing GBP LIBOR settings) to be available after 31
December 2021. As a result, IBA is consulting on its intention to cease the publication of the
GBP LIBOR ICE Swap Rate settings for all tenors (from one to 30 years) immediately after
publication on 31 December 2021. The feedback period for the consultation closed on 4 June
2021 and it is expected that IBA will publish a feedback statement after the feedback period has
closed. IBA has also stated that it expects to consult on the potential cessation of the USD
LIBOR ICE Swap Rate in due course. 
The cessation of publication of the GBP LIBOR ICE Swap Rate or the USD LIBOR ICE Swap
Rate may trigger the applicable fallbacks that are contained Conditions 6.17 (Relevant Rates
Benchmark Discontinuance or Prohibition on Use) to 6.20 (General Fallback Arrangements)
having the consequences and risks described below. 
(e)
LIBOR, EURIBOR, CMS Reference Rates, SONIA, €STR, SARON, TONA and other 
benchmark rate discontinuance or prohibition on use may lead to adjustments to the terms 
of the Notes or an early redemption of the Notes

--- Page 31 ---
Risk Factors Relating to the Notes 
16 
Fallback arrangements where (i) the Relevant Rates Benchmark is other than U.S. dollar
LIBOR, SOFR or a CMS Reference Rate and (ii) the provisions of Condition 6.17 (Relevant
Rates Benchmark Discontinuance or Prohibition on Use) are applicable
Where any variable by reference to which interest is payable under the Notes is an index,
benchmark, rate or price source which is specified in the Conditions as a "Relevant Rates
Benchmark", the administrator or sponsor (or the Relevant Rates Benchmark) may be required
to be authorised, registered, recognised, endorsed or otherwise included in an official register
in order for the Issuer, the Determination Agent or the Calculation Agent to be permitted to use
the Relevant Rates Benchmark and perform their respective obligations under the Notes. If the
Determination Agent determines that such a requirement applies to the administrator or sponsor
(or the Relevant Rates Benchmark) but it has not been satisfied, and if the applicable Final
Terms or Pricing Supplement specifies that the provisions of Condition 6.17 (Relevant Rates
Benchmark
Discontinuance
or
Prohibition
on
Use)
are
applicable,
then
an
"Administrator/Benchmark Event" will occur. 
In order to address the risk of an Administrator/Benchmark Event occurring, the expected
discontinuance of LIBOR (referred to above) and the risk of discontinuance of other reference
rates, the Conditions include certain fallback provisions. These provisions apply to "Relevant
Rates Benchmarks" (which will include LIBOR, EURIBOR, other similar interbank rates,
SONIA, €STR, SARON and TONA). Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms
or Pricing Supplement, where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms
or Pricing Supplement as the manner in which the Floating Interest Rate is to be determined,
the fallbacks described below will only apply after application of any ISDA Bespoke Fallbacks
specified in the relevant Floating Rate Option to apply and the application of such ISDA
Bespoke Fallbacks fails to provide a means of determining the relevant Floating Rate.
The fallback provisions will be triggered if the Determination Agent determines that (i) the
administrator or regulatory supervisor (or other applicable regulatory body) in connection with
such Relevant Rates Benchmark announces that the administrator has ceased or will cease
permanently or indefinitely to provide such Relevant Rates Benchmark and there is no successor
administrator that will continue to provide the Relevant Rates Benchmark, (ii) where the
Relevant Rates Benchmark is a LIBOR (other than U.S. dollar LIBOR), a public statement or
publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of the Relevant
Rates Benchmark announcing that the Relevant Rates Benchmark is no longer representative,
or (iii) unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, an
Administrator/Benchmark Event occurs in relation to such Relevant Rates Benchmark. 
Following the occurrence of any of these events the Determination Agent may replace the
Relevant Rates Benchmark with any "Alternative Pre-nominated Reference Rate" which has
been specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement or if no Alternative Pre-
nominated Reference Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement,
with an alternative rate that is consistent with accepted market practice (the Alternative Pre-
nominated Reference Rate or any such other alternative rate, the "Alternative Rate"). If an
Alternative Rate is used then the Determination Agent may also make other adjustments to the
Notes, including to the Alternative Rate and to the Margin, which are consistent with accepted
market practice for the use of such Alternative Rate with debt obligations such as the Note. If
the Determination Agent is unable to identify an Alternative Rate and determine the necessary
adjustments to the terms of the Notes then the Issuer may redeem the Notes. The replacement
of the Relevant Rates Benchmark by an Alternative Rate and the making of other adjustments
to the Notes and other determinations, decisions or elections that may be made under the terms
of the Notes in connection with the replacement of a Relevant Rates Benchmark could adversely
affect the value of the Notes, the return on the Notes and the price at which the Noteholder can
sell such Notes. Any early redemption of the Notes will result in the Noteholder losing any
future return on the Notes and may result in the Noteholder incurring a loss on its investment in
the Notes. 
Any determination or decision of the Determination Agent described above will be made in the
Determination Agent's discretion (in some cases after consultation with the Issuer). 
Potential investors in any Notes that reference a Relevant Rates Benchmark (other than U.S.
dollar LIBOR, SOFR or a CMS Reference Rate for the purposes of this risk factor (e)) should
be aware that (i) the composition and characteristics of the Alternative Rate will not be the same

--- Page 32 ---
Risk Factors Relating to the Notes 
17 
as those of the Relevant Rates Benchmark which it replaces, the Alternative Rate will not be
the economic equivalent of the Relevant Rates Benchmark that it replaces, there can be no
assurance that the Alternative Rate will perform in the same way as the Relevant Rates
Benchmark that it replaces would have at any time and there is no guarantee that the Alternative
Rate will be a comparable substitute for the Relevant Rates Benchmark which it replaces, (each
of which means that the replacement of the Relevant Rates Benchmark by the Alternative Rate
could adversely affect the value of the Notes, the return on the Notes and the price at which the
Noteholder can sell such Notes), (ii) any failure of the Alternative Rate (or adjustments made
to it by the Determination Agent, including any compounding conventions) to gain market
acceptance could adversely affect the Notes, (iii) the Alternative Rate may have a very limited
history and the future performance of the Alternative Rate cannot be predicted based on
historical performance, (iv) the secondary trading market for Notes linked to the Alternative
Rate may be limited and (v) the administrator of the Alternative Rate may make changes that
could change the value of the Alternative Rate or discontinue the Alternative Rate and has no
obligation to consider the Noteholder's interests in doing so. 
Prospective investors in any Notes for which the Relevant Rates Benchmark is a LIBOR (other
than U.S. dollar LIBOR) should be aware that the Determination Agent, as the Issuer's designee,
has determined that the announcements made by ICE Benchmark Administration Limited and
the FCA on 5 March 2021 have caused the events referred to in Condition 6.17(a) and/or (b)
(Relevant Rates Benchmark Discontinuance or Prohibition of Use) to occur and consequently
the Determination Agent's and the Issuer's powers under Condition 6.17 (Relevant Rates
Benchmark Discontinuance or Prohibition of Use) will be exercisable upon, or at any time
following, the Issue Date of the relevant Notes. 
Fallback arrangements where the Relevant Rates Benchmark is U.S. dollar LIBOR or SOFR: If
U.S. dollar LIBOR or SOFR is discontinued, any Floating Rate Notes referencing U.S. dollar
LIBOR or SOFR will bear interest by reference to a different base rate, which could adversely
affect the value of the Notes, the return on the Notes and the price at which the Noteholder can
sell such Notes; there is no guarantee that any Benchmark Replacement will be a comparable
substitute for U.S. dollar LIBOR or SOFR. 
If the Issuer or its designee (which in no event shall be the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent,
the Registrar or the Transfer Agent unless otherwise agreed upon in writing by such entity)
determines that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date
have occurred in respect of U.S. dollar LIBOR (with the applicable period of maturity in the
case of Screen Rate Determination or the applicable Designated Maturity in the case of ISDA
Determination) and cannot determine the Interpolated Benchmark as of the Benchmark
Replacement Date (in the case of Notes referencing U.S. dollar LIBOR) or a Benchmark
Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred in respect of
SOFR (in the case of Notes referencing SOFR), then the interest rate on the Notes will no longer
be determined by reference to U.S. dollar LIBOR or SOFR (as the case may be), but instead
will be determined by reference to a different base rate, which (in the case of Notes referencing
U.S. dollar LIBOR) will be a different benchmark than U.S. dollar LIBOR or, (in the case of
Notes referencing SOFR) will be a different benchmark than SOFR, plus a spread adjustment,
which is referred to as a "Benchmark Replacement," as further described under Condition 6.18
(Effect of Benchmark Transition Event) below. In such a case with respect to U.S. dollar LIBOR,
in the first instance, the interest rate on the Notes will be determined based on Fallback Term
SOFR, which is a forward-looking term rate based on SOFR that is currently being considered
for development by the Alternative Reference Rates Committee (the "ARRC"), a group of
private-market participants convened by the Federal Reserve Board and the Federal Reserve
Bank of New York to help ensure a successful transition from U.S. dollar LIBOR to SOFR.
There can be no assurance that the development of a Fallback Term SOFR will be completed
and selected or recommended by the ARRC. 
If a particular Benchmark Replacement or Benchmark Replacement Adjustment cannot be
determined, then the next-available Benchmark Replacement or Benchmark Replacement
Adjustment will apply. These replacement rates and adjustments may be selected, recommended
or formulated by (i) the Relevant Governmental Body (such as the ARRC), (ii) ISDA or (iii) in
certain circumstances, the Issuer or its designee. In addition, the terms of the Notes expressly
authorise the Issuer or its designee to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes with
respect to, among other things, changes to the definition of "interest period," timing and

--- Page 33 ---
Risk Factors Relating to the Notes 
18 
frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest and other administrative
matters. The determination of a Benchmark Replacement, the calculation of the interest rate on
the Notes by reference to a Benchmark Replacement (including the application of a Benchmark
Replacement Adjustment), any implementation of Benchmark Replacement Conforming
Changes and any other determinations, decisions or elections that may be made under the terms
of the Notes in connection with a Benchmark Transition Event could adversely affect the value
of the Notes, the return on the Notes and the price at which the Noteholder can sell such Notes. 
Any determination, decision or election described above will be made in the Issuer's or its
designee's sole discretion.
Potential investors in any Notes that reference either U.S. dollar LIBOR or SOFR should be
aware that (i) the composition and characteristics of the Benchmark Replacement will not be
the same as those of U.S. dollar LIBOR or SOFR (as the case may be), the Benchmark
Replacement will not be the economic equivalent of U.S. dollar LIBOR or SOFR (as the case
may be), there can be no assurance that the Benchmark Replacement will perform in the same
way as U.S. dollar LIBOR or SOFR would have at any time and there is no guarantee that the
Benchmark Replacement will be a comparable substitute for U.S. dollar LIBOR or SOFR (each
of which means that a Benchmark Transition Event could adversely affect the value of the
Notes, the return on the Notes and the price at which the Noteholder can sell such Notes), (ii)
any failure of the Benchmark Replacement to gain market acceptance could adversely affect the
Notes, (iii) the Benchmark Replacement may have a very limited history and the future
performance of the Benchmark Replacement cannot be predicted based on historical
performance, (iv) the secondary trading market for Notes linked to the Benchmark Replacement
may be limited and (v) the administrator of the Benchmark Replacement may make changes
that could change the value of the Benchmark Replacement or discontinue the Benchmark
Replacement and has no obligation to consider the Noteholder's interests in doing so.
For example, in the case of Notes that initially reference U.S. dollar LIBOR if the Benchmark
Replacement is a Fallback Term SOFR or Fallback Compounded SOFR, as adjusted as
described herein, the composition and characteristics of SOFR are not the same as those of U.S.
dollar LIBOR and the Benchmark Replacement, as so adjusted, will not be the economic
equivalent of U.S. dollar LIBOR. Furthermore, a Benchmark Replacement of Fallback Term
SOFR (if developed and selected or recommended by the ARRC) or Fallback Compounded
SOFR, even with the application of a Benchmark Replacement Adjustment and any
implementation of Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, will not have the same
composition and characteristics as those of LIBOR and there is no guarantee that such
Benchmark Replacement, as so adjusted, will be suitable as a substitute for LIBOR. For
additional information regarding SOFR, see "Secured Overnight Financing Rate" below. 
Prospective investors in any Notes for which the Relevant Rates Benchmark is U.S. dollar
LIBOR should be aware that the Determination Agent, as the Issuer's designee, has determined
that the announcements made by ICE Benchmark Administration Limited and the FCA on 5
March 2021 constitute a Benchmark Transition Event, although any Benchmark Replacement
and Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes pursuant to Condition 6.18 (Effect of a
Benchmark Transition Event) in respect of such Benchmark Transition Event will not take effect
unless and until the related Benchmark Replacement Date occurs. 
See also the risk factors entitled "Risk Factors—Risk factors relating to the relevant underlying-
Risks relating to "benchmark" rates- Replacement of LIBOR, and the potential replacement of
other Interbank Offered Rates ("IBORS"), may adversely affect the return on any Notes linked
to Such IBORs and their secondary market prices and also Morgan Stanley's business, financial
condition and results of operations" and "—LIBOR, EURIBOR, CMS Reference Rates, SONIA,
€STR, SARON, TONA and other benchmark rate discontinuance or prohibition on use may lead
to adjustments to the terms of the Notes or an early redemption of the Notes" above. 
Fallback arrangements where the Relevant Rates Benchmark is a CMS Reference Rate: If the
CMS Reference Rate (or any Floating Leg referenced by that CMS Reference Rate) is
discontinued, any Floating Rate Notes referencing that CMS Reference Rate will bear interest
by reference to a different base rate, which could adversely affect the value of the Notes, the
return on the Notes and the price at which the Noteholder can sell such Notes; there is no

--- Page 34 ---
Risk Factors Relating to the Notes 
19 
guarantee that any Benchmark Replacement will be a comparable substitute for the current
CMS Reference Rate. 
If the Issuer or its designee determines that a Benchmark Transition Event (as defined in
Condition 6.19 (CMS Reference Rate - Effect of Benchmark Transition Event and Benchmark
Amendment Event)) and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred in respect of
either the CMS Reference Rate or the floating leg rate (with the currency and tenor) referenced
by the relevant CMS Reference Rate, then the interest rate on the Notes will no longer be
determined by reference to the CMS Reference Rate, but instead will be determined by reference
to a different base rate, which will be a different benchmark than the initial or then current CMS
Reference Rate, plus a spread adjustment, which is referred to as a "Benchmark Replacement," 
all as further described Condition 6.19 (CMS Reference Rate - Effect of Benchmark Transition
Event and Benchmark Amendment Event). In such a case, in the first instance, the interest rate
on the Notes will be determined based on the alternate rate of interest that has been selected or
recommended by the Relevant Nominating Body (being the central bank for the currency in
which the CMS Reference Rate or the floating leg is calculated or expressed, any central bank
or other supervisor responsible for supervising the CMS Reference Rate or the floating leg or
the administrator of either of such rates, or a working group or committee officially endorsed or
convened by such central bank, supervisor, group of those central banks or supervisors or the
Financial Stability Board or any part thereof). There can be no assurance that any such alternate
rate to the CMS Reference Rate will be selected or recommended by the Relevant Nominating
Body. 
If a particular Benchmark Replacement or Benchmark Replacement Adjustment cannot be
determined, then the next-available Benchmark Replacement or Benchmark Replacement
Adjustment will apply. These replacement rates and adjustments may be selected, recommended
or formulated by (i) ISDA and/or (ii) in certain circumstances, the Issuer or its designee. In
addition, the terms of the Notes expressly authorise the Issuer or its designee to make
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes with respect to, among other things, changes to
the definition of "interest period," timing and frequency of determining rates and making
payments of interest and other administrative matters. The determination of a Benchmark
Replacement, the calculation of the interest rate on the Notes by reference to a Benchmark
Replacement (including the application of a Benchmark Replacement Adjustment), any
implementation
of
Benchmark
Replacement
Conforming
Changes
and
any
other
determinations, decisions or elections that may be made under the terms of the Notes in
connection with a Benchmark Transition Event could adversely affect the value of the Notes,
the return on the Notes and the price at which the Noteholder can sell such Notes. 
Potential investors in any Notes that reference one or more CMS Reference Rates should be
aware that (i) the composition and characteristics of the Benchmark Replacement will not be
the same as those of the initial or then current CMS Reference Rate, the Benchmark
Replacement will not be the economic equivalent of the initial or then current CMS Reference
Rate, there can be no assurance that the Benchmark Replacement will perform in the same way
as the initial or then current CMS Reference Rate would have at any time and there is no
guarantee that the Benchmark Replacement will be a comparable substitute for the initial or then
current CMS Reference Rate (each of which means that a Benchmark Transition Event could
adversely affect the value of the Notes, the return on the Notes and the price at which the
Noteholder can sell such Notes), (ii) any failure of the Benchmark Replacement to gain market
acceptance could adversely affect the Notes, (iii) the Benchmark Replacement may have a very
limited history and the future performance of the Benchmark Replacement cannot be predicted
based on historical performance, (iv) the secondary trading market for Notes linked to the
Benchmark Replacement may be limited and (v) the administrator of the Benchmark
Replacement may make changes that could change the value of the Benchmark Replacement or
discontinue the Benchmark Replacement and has no obligation to consider the Noteholder's
interests in doing so. 
In addition to the above, if the Issuer or its designee determines that a Benchmark Amendment
Adjustment and its related Benchmark Amendment Date have occurred, the Issuer or its
designee will have the right to make a Benchmark Amendment Adjustment (being an adjustment
to the rate of interest payable on the Notes determined by the Issuer or its designee for the
replacement of the then current floating leg rate with the applicable replacement rate) and

--- Page 35 ---
Risk Factors Relating to the Notes 
20 
Benchmark Amendment Conforming Changes with respect to, among other things, changes to
the definition of "interest period", timing and frequency of determining rates and making
payments of interest and other administrative matters. The determination of a Benchmark
Amendment Adjustment, the application of a Benchmark Replacement Adjustment to the
interest rate payable on the Notes, any implementation of Benchmark Amendment Conforming
Changes and any other determinations, decisions or elections that may be made under the terms
of the Notes in connection with a Benchmark Amendment Event could adversely affect the
value of the Notes, the return on the Notes and the price at which the Noteholder can sell such
Notes. 
Any determination, decision or election described above will be made in the Issuer's or its
designee's sole discretion. 
Prospective investors in any Notes for which the Relevant Rates Benchmark is a CMS Reference
Rate in respect of which a LIBOR is the floating leg rate should be aware that the Determination
Agent, as the Issuer's designee has determined that the announcements made by ICE Benchmark
Administration Limited and the FCA on 5 March 2021 have caused a Benchmark Transition
Event to occur, although any Benchmark Replacement and Benchmark Replacement
Conforming Changes pursuant to Condition 6.19 (CMS Reference Rate - Effect of Benchmark
Transition Event and Benchmark Amendment Event) in respect of such Benchmark Transition
Event will not take effect unless and until the related Benchmark Replacement Date occurs. 
See also the risk factors entitled "Risk Factors—Risk factors relating to the relevant underlying-
Risks relating to "benchmark" rates- Replacement of LIBOR, and the potential replacement of
other Interbank Offered Rates ("IBORS"), may adversely affect the return on any Notes linked
to Such IBORs and their secondary market prices and also Morgan Stanley's business, financial
condition and results of operations" and "—LIBOR, EURIBOR, CMS Reference Rates, SONIA,
€STR, SARON, TONA and other benchmark rate discontinuance or prohibition on use may lead
to adjustments to the terms of the Notes or an early redemption of the Notes" above.
Fallback arrangements - general 
The application of any of these fallbacks may adversely affect the value of the Noteholder's
investment in the Notes. 
If none of the fallbacks described above in (1) "Fallback arrangements where (i) the Relevant
Rates Benchmark is other than U.S. dollar LIBOR, SOFR or a CMS Reference Rate and (ii) the
provisions of Condition 6.17 (Relevant Rates Benchmark Discontinuance or Prohibition on
Use) are applicable" or (2) "Fallback arrangements where the Relevant Rates Benchmark is
U.S. dollar LIBOR or SOFR: If U.S. dollar LIBOR or SOFR is discontinued, any Floating Rate
Notes referencing U.S. dollar LIBOR or SOFR will bear interest by reference to a different base
rate, which could adversely affect the value of the Notes, the return on the Notes and the price
at which the Noteholder can sell such Notes; there is no guarantee that any Benchmark
Replacement will be a comparable substitute for U.S. dollar LIBOR or SOFR" or (3) "Fallback
arrangements where the Relevant Rates Benchmark is a CMS Reference Rate: If the CMS
Reference Rate (or any Floating Leg referenced by that CMS Reference Rate) is discontinued,
any Floating Rate Notes referencing that CMS Reference Rate will bear interest by reference
to a different base rate, which could adversely affect the value of the Notes, the return on the
Notes and the price at which the Noteholder can sell such Notes; there is no guarantee that any
Benchmark Replacement will be a comparable substitute for the current CMS Reference Rate" 
applies, and (a) LIBOR, EURIBOR, SONIA, €STR, SARON or TONA has been permanently
discontinued or (b) where the Relevant Rates Benchmark is a LIBOR (other than U.S. dollar
LIBOR), a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the
administrator of the Relevant Rates Benchmark announcing that the Relevant Rates Benchmark
is no longer representative occurs, the Determination Agent will use, as a substitute for LIBOR,
EURIBOR, SONIA, €STR, SARON or TONA (as the case may be), and for each future Interest
Determination Date, the alternative reference rate selected by the central bank, reserve bank,
monetary authority or any similar institution (including any committee or working group
thereof) in the jurisdiction of the applicable index currency that is consistent with accepted
market practice. The Determination Agent will also make other adjustments to the Notes,
including to the new rate and to the Margin, which are consistent with accepted market practice
for the use of such alternative rate for debt obligations such as the Notes. However, in the case

--- Page 36 ---
Risk Factors Relating to the Notes 
21 
of EURIBOR only, if the Determination Agent determines that no such alternative rate exists
on the relevant date, it will make a determination of an alternative rate as a substitute for
EURIBOR, for debt obligations such as the Notes, as well as other adjustments to the Notes,
including to the new rate and to the Margin, that is consistent with accepted market practice. 
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, where ISDA
Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement as the manner
in which the Floating Interest Rate is to be determined, the fallbacks described above will only
apply after application of any ISDA Bespoke Fallbacks specified in the relevant Floating Rate
Option to apply and the application of such ISDA Bespoke Fallbacks fails to provide a means
of determining the relevant Floating Rate.
The replacement of LIBOR, EURIBOR, SONIA, €STR, SARON or TONA by an alternative
rate and the making of other adjustments to the Notes and other determinations, decisions or
elections that may be made under the terms of the Notes in connection with the replacement of
LIBOR, EURIBOR, SONIA, €STR, SARON or TONA could adversely affect the value of the
Notes, the return on the Notes and the price at which the Noteholder can sell such Notes.
Any determination or decision described above will be made in the Determination Agent's
discretion (after consultation with the Issuer). 
Potential investors in any Notes that reference LIBOR, EURIBOR, SONIA, €STR, SARON or
TONA should be aware that (i) the composition and characteristics of the alternative rate will
not be the same as those of the Relevant Rates Benchmark which it replaces, the alternative rate
will not be the economic equivalent of the Relevant Rates Benchmark that it replaces, there can
be no assurance that the alternative rate will perform in the same way as the Relevant Rates
Benchmark that it replaces would have at any time and there is no guarantee that the alternative
rate will be a comparable substitute for the Relevant Rates Benchmark which it replaces, (each
of which means that the replacement of the Relevant Rates Benchmark by the alternative rate
could adversely affect the value of the Notes, the return on the Notes and the price at which the
Noteholder can sell such Notes), (ii) any failure of the alternative rate to gain market acceptance
could adversely affect the Notes, (iii) the alternative rate may have a very limited history and
the future performance of the alternative rate cannot be predicted based on historical
performance, (iv) the secondary trading market for Notes linked to the alternative rate may be
limited and (v) the administrator of the alternative rate may make changes that could change the
value of the alternative rate or discontinue the alternative rate and has no obligation to consider
the Noteholder's interests in doing so. 
(f)
ISDA Determination and Fallbacks 
In the case where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement as the manner in which the Floating Interest Rate is to be determined, and the 
application of any ISDA Bespoke Fallbacks specified in the relevant Floating Rate Option 
results in a replacement of, modification to, or change in the method of calculating, the Floating 
Rate (or the index, benchmark or other price source that is referred to in the Floating Rate 
Option), the Determination Agent may, after consultation with the Issuer, determine any 
adjustments to the Floating Rate and the Margin (including any adjustment spread) as well as 
the applicable Business Day Convention, Interest Determination Dates (or any other rate fixing 
dates) and related provisions and definitions of the Notes, in each case that are consistent with 
accepted market practice for the use of such replacement or modified Floating Rate for debt 
obligations such as the Notes. The making of such adjustments to the Notes and other 
determinations could adversely affect the value of the Notes, the return on the Notes and the 
price at which the Noteholder can sell such Notes. 
(g)
Specific risks relating to Notes referencing SOFR, SONIA, €STR, SARON or TONA 
The following sets out a number of additional risks specific to Notes that reference SOFR, 
SONIA, €STR, SARON or TONA (each of which is referred to as a (nearly) risk free rate or 
an "RFR"). 
Certain RFRs have limited histories; the future performance of RFRs cannot be predicted based
on historical performance.

--- Page 37 ---
Risk Factors Relating to the Notes 
22 
The publication of €STR began on 2 October 2019 and the publication of SOFR began on 3
April 2018 and these RFRs therefore have very limited histories. The publication of SONIA on
the basis of its present methodology began on 24 April 2018. The publication of SARON began
on 25 August 2009. In addition, the future performance of RFRs cannot be predicted based on
the limited historical performance. The level of an RFR during the term of the Notes may bear
little or no relation to its historical level. Prior observed patterns, if any, in the behaviour of
market variables and their relation to an RFR, such as correlations, may change in the future. In
the case of SOFR, while some pre-publication historical data have been released by the Federal
Reserve Bank of New York (the "New York Federal Reserve"), such analysis inherently
involves assumptions, estimates and approximations. The future performance of an RFR is
impossible to predict and therefore no future performance of an RFR or the Notes may be
inferred from any of the historical performance or historical simulations. Hypothetical or
historical performance data are not indicative of, and have no bearing on, the potential
performance of an RFR or the Notes. Changes in the levels of the relevant RFR referenced by
the Notes will affect the return on the Notes and the trading price of such Notes, but it is
impossible to predict whether such levels will rise or fall. There can be no assurance that the
relevant RFR references by the Notes will be positive. 
The composition and characteristics of an RFR are not the same as those of LIBOR and there
is no guarantee that either compounded RFR is a comparable substitute for LIBOR.
In December 2016, the Japanese Study Group on Risk-Free Reference Rates announced TONA
as its preferred risk free rate for Japanese yen. In April 2017, the Working Group on Sterling
Risk-Free Reference Rates announced SONIA as its preferred risk free rate for sterling. In June
2017, the ARRC announced SOFR as its recommended alternative to U.S. dollar LIBOR. In
October 2017, the Swiss National Working Group on Swiss Franc Reference Rates
recommended SARON as the alternative to Swiss franc LIBOR. In September 2018, the
Working Group on euro risk free rates recommended €STR as the euro risk free rate. However,
the composition and characteristics of each of these RFRs are not the same as those of LIBOR.
SOFR is a broad Treasury repo financing rate that represents overnight secured funding
transactions. SARON represents the overnight interest rate of the secured money market for
Swiss francs. This means that each of SOFR and SARON is fundamentally different from
LIBOR for two key reasons. First, each of SOFR and SARON is a secured rate, while LIBOR
is an unsecured rate. Second, each of SOFR and SARON is an overnight rate, while LIBOR
represents interbank funding over different maturities.
SONIA is a measure of the rate at which interest is paid on sterling short-term wholesale funds
in circumstances where credit, liquidity and other risks are minimal. €STR is a rate which
reflects the wholesale euro unsecured overnight borrowing costs of euro area banks. TONA
represents the weighted average of call rates for uncollateralised overnight transactions in
Japanese yen. While SONIA, €STR, TONA and LIBOR are all unsecured rates, SONIA, €STR
and TONA are solely overnight rates unlike LIBOR which represents interbank funding over
different maturities. 
As a result, there can be no assurance that an RFR will perform in the same way as LIBOR
would have at any time, including, without limitation, as a result of changes in interest and yield
rates in the market, market volatility or global, national or regional economic, financial,
political, regulatory, judicial or other events. For example, since publication of SOFR began on
3 April 2018, daily changes in SOFR have, on occasion, been more volatile than daily changes
in comparable benchmark or other market rates. For additional information regarding SOFR,
see "Secured Overnight Financing Rate" below. 
The secondary trading market for Notes linked to an RFR may be limited.
Since some of the RFRs are relatively new market rates or have only recently been adopted as
a benchmark rate for bonds, the trading market in debt securities such as the Notes may not
develop or may not be very liquid. Market terms for debt securities linked to an RFR (such as
the Notes) may evolve over time and, as a result, trading prices of the Notes may be lower than

--- Page 38 ---
Risk Factors Relating to the Notes 
23 
those of later-issued debt securities that are linked to the same RFR. Similarly, if an RFR does
not prove to be widely used in debt securities similar to the Notes, the trading price of the Notes
may be lower than that of debt securities linked to rates that are more widely used. Investors in
the Notes may not be able to sell such Notes at all or may not be able to sell such Notes at prices
that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed
secondary market. Further, investors wishing to sell the Notes in the secondary market will have
to make assumptions as to the future performance of the relevant RFR. As a result, investors
may suffer from increased pricing volatility and market risk. 
The administrator of the relevant RFR may make changes that could change the value of the
benchmark or discontinue the benchmark and has no obligation to consider Noteholders'
interests in doing so.
The New York Federal Reserve (or a successor), as administrator of SOFR, or the Bank of
England (or a successor), as administrator of SONIA, the European Central Bank (or a
successor), as administrator of €STR, SIX Financial Information AG (or a successor), as
administrator of SARON, or the Bank of Japan (or a successor), as administrator of TONA may
make methodological or other changes that could change the value of the relevant RFR,
including changes related to the method by which the relevant rate is calculated, eligibility
criteria applicable to the transactions used to calculate the relevant rate , or timing related to the
publication of the relevant rate. In addition, the administrator may alter, discontinue or suspend
calculation or dissemination of the relevant RFR (in which case a fallback method of
determining the interest rate on the Notes will apply). The administrator has no obligation to
consider Noteholders' interests in calculating, adjusting, converting, revising or discontinuing
the relevant rate and any such calculations, adjustments, conversion, revision or discontinuation
could adversely affect the return on the Notes, the value of the Notes and the price at which the
Noteholder can sell such Notes. 
The interest rate on the Notes is based on a daily compounded RFR, which is relatively new in
the marketplace; different conventions exist for calculating interest on RFR-linked Notes 
For each Interest Period for Notes linked to an RFR, the interest rate on the Notes is based on a
daily compounded RFR calculated using the specific formula specified in the Conditions and
the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, or the ISDA Specified Rate, not the RFR published on
or in respect of a particular date during such Interest Period, or an average of the relevant RFR
during such period. For this and other reasons, the interest rate on the Notes during any Interest
Period will not be the same as the interest rate on other investments linked to the same RFR that
uses an alternative basis to determine the applicable interest rate. Further, unless in the case of
an ISDA Rate "Daily Floored Rate" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms or
Pricing Supplement and the Daily Floored Rate is zero or above, if the relevant RFR in respect
of a particular date during an Interest Period is negative, the portion of the accrued compounded
interest compounding factor specifically attributable to such date will be less than one, resulting
in a reduction to the accrued interest compounding factor used to calculate the interest payable
on the Notes on the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period. 
Very limited market precedent exists for securities that use SOFR and certain other RFRs as the
interest rate and, in addition, for each RFR, different market conventions exist for calculating
interest on debt securities. Accordingly, the specific formula for the daily compounded RFR
used in the Notes may not be widely adopted by other market participants, if at all. If the market
adopts a different convention for calculating interest, that would likely adversely affect the
market value of such Notes. 
The amount of interest payable with respect to each Interest Period will be determined near the
end of the Interest Period.
The amount of interest payable with respect to such Interest Period will be determined on a date
near the end of such Interest Period, Noteholders will not know the amount of interest payable
with respect to each such Interest Period until shortly prior to the related Interest Payment Date

--- Page 39 ---
Risk Factors Relating to the Notes 
24 
and it may be difficult for Noteholders to reliably estimate the amount of interest that will be
payable on each such Interest Payment Date. 
The Issuer, its subsidiaries or affiliates may publish research that could affect the market value
of the Notes. They also may hedge the Issuer's obligations under such Notes.
The Issuer or one or more of its affiliates may, at present or in the future, publish research reports
with respect to movements in interest rates generally, the LIBOR transition or any of the RFRs
specifically. This research is modified from time to time without notice and may express
opinions or provide recommendations that are inconsistent with purchasing or holding the
Notes. Any of these activities may affect the market value of such Notes. In addition, the issuer's
subsidiaries may hedge the Issuer's obligations under the Notes and they may realize a profit
from that hedging activity even if investors do not receive a favourable investment return under
the terms of such Notes or in any secondary market transaction. 
Reliance on third parties 
Each RFR is published and calculated by third parties based on data received from other sources
and none of the Issuer, the Determination Agent or the Calculation Agent has any control over
the determinations, calculations or publications of any such third parties.
Market Adoption 
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of the relevant RFR (one using
a different convention to calculating interest including using an RFR screen based rate) that
differs significantly from that set out in the Conditions and used in relation to Notes that
reference a risk-free rate issued under this Base Prospectus and this may adversely affect the
value of the Notes. 
Potential investors in the Notes should carefully consider how any mismatch between the
adoption of such reference rates in the bond, loan and derivatives markets may impact any
hedging or other financial arrangements which they may put in place in connection with any
acquisition, holding or disposal of any Notes. 
Where SOFR/SONIA/€STR/SARON/TONA Compound with "Payment Delay" applies, in
determining the compounded RFR for the final Interest Period, the level of the relevant RFR for
any day from and including the relevant SOFR/ SONIA/€STR/SARON/TONA Rate Cut-Off Date
to but excluding the Maturity Date or redemption date, as applicable, will be the level of the
relevant RFR in respect of such Rate Cut-off Date.
Where SOFR/ SONIA/€STR/SARON/TONA Compound with "Payment Delay" applies, for
the final Interest Period, because the level of the relevant RFR for any day from and including
the SOFR/SONIA/€STR/SARON/TONA Rate Cut-off Date to but excluding the Maturity Date
or redemption date, as applicable, will be the level of the relevant RFR in respect of such Rate
Cut-Off Date, Noteholders will not receive the benefit of any increase in the level in respect of
the relevant RFR beyond the level for such date in connection with the determination of the
interest payable with respect to such Interest Period, which could adversely impact the amount
of interest payable with respect to that Interest Period. 
(h)
Additional Risk relating to SOFR-linked Notes 
Any failure of SOFR to gain market acceptance could adversely affect Notes linked to SOFR.
SOFR may fail to gain market acceptance. SOFR was developed for use in certain U.S. dollar
derivatives and other financial contracts as an alternative to U.S. dollar LIBOR in part because
it is considered a good representation of general funding conditions in the overnight Treasury
repo market. However, as a rate based on transactions secured by U.S. Treasury securities, it
does not measure bank-specific credit risk and, as a result, is less likely to correlate with the
unsecured short-term funding costs of banks. This may mean that market participants would not
consider SOFR a suitable substitute or successor for all of the purposes for which LIBOR

--- Page 40 ---
Risk Factors Relating to the Notes 
25 
historically has been used (including, without limitation, as a representation of the unsecured
short-term funding costs of banks), which may, in turn, lessen market acceptance of SOFR. Any
failure of SOFR to gain market acceptance could adversely affect the return on the Notes and
the price at which the Noteholder can sell such Notes. 
4.2
Notes linked to one or more inflation indices 
The Issuer may issue Notes with interest determined by reference to interest rates or inflation
indices. In addition, the Issuer may issue Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more
currencies which may be different from the currency in which the Notes are denominated.
Potential investors should be aware that: 
(a)
the market price of such Notes may be very volatile; 
(b)
investors in Notes may receive no interest; 
(c)
historic performance of an inflation index is not an indication of future performance of
the inflation index over the term of the Notes; 
(d)
an inflation index may be subject to significant fluctuations that may not correlate with
changes in interest rates, currencies, other indices or the actual levels of inflation
affecting Noteholders; and 
(e)
the timing of changes in an inflation index may affect the actual yield to investors,
even if the average level is consistent with their expectations. In general, the earlier the
change in the inflation index, the greater the effect on yield.
5.
Risk Factors relating to Notes that include certain features
5.1
Caps and floors on interest rates 
The rate of interest payable on certain Notes may be subject to a maximum rate of interest (or
interest cap) or a minimum rate of interest (or interest floor) specified in the applicable Final
Terms or Pricing Supplement. If a maximum rate of interest is specified, the rate of interest
payable on such Notes will be capped at the maximum rate specified. However, if a floor or a
minimum rate of interest is specified in respect of any Notes, the rate of interest payable on such
Notes may entitle holders to receive payment(s) greater than they would have received, if the
relevant rate of interest had not been subject to the floor. 
5.2
If the interest rate on any Notes may be the subject of an automatic conversion, this may 
affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes concerned
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a floating
rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. Where the Notes may be subject to such an automatic
conversion, this will affect the secondary market in, and the market value of, the Notes since
the converted rate may be a rate that is likely to result in a lower overall cost of borrowing for
the Issuer. If the interest rate on any Note is automatically converted from a fixed rate to a
floating rate in such circumstances, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less
favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same
reference rate. In addition, the new rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes.
If the Notes automatically convert from a floating rate to a fixed rate in such circumstances, the
fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing market rates.
5.3
Automatic change of interest basis
Notes shall have (where the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement specify "Automatic
Change of Interest Basis" to be applicable) more than one interest basis applicable to different
interest periods and/or interest payment dates. These Notes may be Zero Coupon Notes, Fixed
Rate Notes, Floating Rate Notes or Inflation-Linked Notes (or any combination of the
foregoing).

--- Page 41 ---
Disclaimers 
26 
DISCLAIMERS 
The Issuer and MSI plc as Distribution Agent, disclaim any responsibility to advise prospective 
purchasers of any matters arising under the laws of the country in which they reside that may 
affect the purchase of, or holding of, or the receipt of payments on the Notes. These persons should 
consult their own legal and financial advisors concerning these matters.
1.
General Disclaimers
1.1
Issuer's credit ratings may not reflect all risks
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Issuer. The
ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional
factors discussed above, and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating
is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold Notes and may be revised or withdrawn by the
rating agency at any time. 
1.2
Change of law
The Conditions of the Notes are based on New York law in effect as at the date of this Base
Prospectus. No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or
change to New York law or regulation in New York after the date of this Base Prospectus. 
1.3
Independent review and advice
Each prospective investor must determine, based on its own independent review and such
professional advice as it deems appropriate under the circumstances, that its acquisition of the
Notes is (i) fully consistent with its (or if it is acquiring the Notes in a fiduciary capacity, the
beneficiary's) financial needs, objectives and condition, (ii) complies and is fully consistent with
all investment policies, guidelines and restrictions applicable to it (whether acquiring the Notes
as principal or in a fiduciary capacity) and (iii) is a fit, proper and suitable investment for it (or
if it is acquiring the Notes in a fiduciary capacity, for the beneficiary), notwithstanding the clear
and substantial risks inherent in investing in or holding the Notes. Each of the Issuer and the
Distribution Agent disclaims any responsibility to advise prospective investors of any matters
arising under the law of the country in which they reside that may affect the purchase of, or
holding of, or the receipt of payments or deliveries on the Notes. 
1.4
Selling Agent remuneration
The Issuer may enter into distribution agreements with various financial institutions and other
intermediaries as determined by the Issuer (each a "Selling Agent"). Each Selling Agent will
agree, subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions, to subscribe for the Notes at a price
equivalent to or below the Issue Price. Any difference between the price at which the Selling
Agent subscribes the Notes and the price at which the Selling Agent sells the Notes to investors
will be a remuneration of the Selling Agent. In addition, subject to compliance with all
applicable laws, an upfront fee and/or a periodic fee may also be payable to the Selling Agents
in respect of all outstanding Notes up to and including the maturity date at a rate determined by
the Issuer and which may vary from time to time. Any remuneration received by the Selling
Agent, including any periodic payments, may influence the Selling Agent's recommendation of
the Notes to potential investors and may also increase the purchase price to be paid by the
investor. Each Selling Agent will agree to comply with the selling restrictions set out in the
document as amended and supplemented by the additional selling restrictions set out in the
relevant distribution agreements. 
1.5
Notes in Global Form 
Because the Global Note Certificates (as defined below) may be held by or on behalf of
Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and Clearstream Banking, S.A. ("Clearstream, 
Luxembourg"), and/or any other clearing system as may be specified in the applicable Final
Terms or Pricing Supplement (such system or systems hereinafter referred to as the "Relevant 
Clearing System"), investors will have to rely on their procedures for transfer, payment and
communication with the Issuer. 
Notes issued under the Program pursuant to this Base Prospectus may be represented by
interests in a global note certificate (a "Global Note Certificate"). Such Global Note
Certificates may be registered in the name of a common depositary (or its nominee) or common

--- Page 42 ---
Disclaimers
27 
safekeeper (or its nominee) for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. Except in the
circumstances described in the relevant Global Note Certificate, investors will not be entitled to
receive definitive Notes. The Relevant Clearing System will maintain records of the beneficial
interests in the Global Note Certificates. While the Notes are represented by one or more Global
Note Certificates, investors will be able to trade their beneficial interests only through the
Relevant Clearing System. 
While the Notes are represented by one or more Global Note Certificates, the Issuer will
discharge its payment obligations under the Notes by making payments through the Relevant
Clearing System for distribution to their account holders. A holder of an interest in a Global
Note Certificate must rely on the procedures of the Relevant Clearing System to receive
payments under the relevant Notes. The Issuer does not have responsibility or liability for the
records relating to, or payments made in respect of, beneficial interests in the Global Note
Certificates. 
Holders of beneficial interests in the Global Note Certificates will not have a direct right to vote
in respect of the relevant Notes. Instead, such holders will be permitted to act only to the extent
that they are enabled by the Relevant Clearing System to appoint appropriate proxies. 
1.6
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and
regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult
its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent (i) Notes are appropriate legal
investments for it, (ii) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing and (iii)
other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions should
consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment
of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules.
1.7
Notes denominated or payable in a currency other than investor's home currency 
Investors should consult their financial and legal advisers as to any specific risks entailed by an
investment in Notes that are denominated or payable in a currency other than the currency of
the country in which such investor resides or in which such investor conducts its business, which
is referred to as their home currency. Such Notes are not appropriate investments for investors
who are not sophisticated in foreign currency transactions. 
1.8
Subscription periods 
The Issuer has the right to close the offering of the Notes at any time prior to the end of the
subscription period in its reasonable discretion. Prospective investors should be aware that if
the Issuer exercises such right, such investors will no longer have the right to purchase any
Notes. 
2.
Representations and acknowledgments by Noteholders 
Each Noteholder shall be deemed to represent and acknowledge to the Issuer on acquiring any
Note that: 
(i)
none of the Issuer or any Affiliate or any of their respective agents is acting as a
fiduciary for it or provides investment, tax, accounting, legal or other advice in respect
of the Notes and that such holder and its advisers are not relying on any communication
(written or oral and including, without limitation, opinions of third party advisers) of
the Issuer or any Affiliate as (a) legal, regulatory, tax, business, investment, financial,
accounting or other advice, (b) a recommendation to invest in any Notes or (c) an
assurance or guarantee as to the expected results of an investment in the Notes (it being
understood that information and explanations related to the terms and conditions of the
Notes shall not be considered to be any such advice, recommendation, assurance or
guarantee and should be independently confirmed by the recipient and its advisers
prior to making any such investment); and 
(ii)
such Noteholder (a) has consulted with its own legal, regulatory, tax, business,
investments, financial and accounting advisers to the extent that it has deemed
necessary, and has made its own investment, hedging and trading decisions based upon
its own judgement and upon any advice from such advisers as it has deemed necessary
and not upon any view expressed by the Issuer or any Affiliate or any of their

--- Page 43 ---
Disclaimers
28 
respective agents and (b) is acquiring Notes with a full understanding of the terms,
conditions and risks thereof and it is capable of and willing to assume those risks. 
3.
Discretionary Determinations  
The Issuer and the Determination Agent have certain discretions under the terms of the Notes
following events or circumstances occurring in relation to the Notes or a relevant underlying,
including to defer valuations, make adjustments to the terms and conditions of such Notes and/or
to redeem or cancel such Notes other than on the originally designated date of redemption or
cancellation. Such discretion is necessary as such events and circumstances may not be foreseen
at the Trade Date of the relevant Notes but impact the economic or other terms of the Notes.
For example, it may not be reasonably practicable or appropriate for certain valuations to be
carried out in relation to the Notes without the exercise of the discretion. Furthermore, such
events and circumstances may not be reflected in the pricing of the Notes and/or any
arrangements entered into by the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates to hedge obligations under
Notes and, accordingly, without such discretion to adjust the terms of the Notes the Issuer may
not have been able to issue the Notes on the terms applicable on the Issue Date or at all.

--- Page 44 ---
Conflicts of Interest 
29 
CONFLICTS OF INTEREST 
Potential conflicts of interest may exist between the investor and the Determination Agent, which 
may be a subsidiary of the Issuer and which may make determinations with respect to the Notes 
Potential conflicts of interest may exist between the investor and the Determination Agent, which may
be a subsidiary of the Issuer. Certain determinations made by the Determination Agent may require it
to exercise discretion and make subjective judgements, such as with respect to adjustments to the Notes
as it considers appropriate as a consequence of certain events affecting any relevant inflation index
and/or payment currency for the Notes. These potentially subjective determinations may adversely
affect the amount payable to the investor.

--- Page 45 ---
Selected Financial Information of Morgan Stanley 
30 
SELECTED FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF MORGAN STANLEY 
This section contains selected financial information of Morgan Stanley relating to the years ended 31
December 2020 and 31 December 2019 and the three months ended 31 March 2021 and 31 March 2020.
The information in respect of the years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019 set out below
is derived from the audited financial statements included in Morgan Stanley's Annual Report on Form
10-K for the year ended 31 December 2020. 
The information in respect of the three months ended 31 March 2021 and 31 March 2020 set out below
is derived from the unaudited financial statements included in Morgan Stanley's Quarterly Reports on
Form 10-Q for the quarterly periods ended 31 March 2021 and 31 March 2020, respectively. 
Consolidated
Balance
Sheets
(U.S.$
in
millions) 
At 31 
December 
2020 
At 31 
December 2019 
At 31 March 
2021 
(unaudited) 
At 31 March 
2020 
(unaudited) 
Total assets 
1,115,862 
895,429 
1,158,772 
947,795 
Total
liabilities
and
equity 
1,115,862 
895,429 
1,158,772 
947,795 
Consolidated
Income
Statements (in U.S.$ in
millions) 
2020 
2019 
Three months 
ended 31 
March 2021 
(unaudited) 
Three months 
ended 31 
March 2020 
(unaudited) 
Net revenues 
48,198 
41,419 
15,719 
9,779 
Income before provision
for income taxes 
14,418 
11,301 
5,344 
2,146 
Net income
11,179 
9,237 
4,168 
1,780

--- Page 46 ---
Consent to the use of the Base Prospectus in connection with Non-Exempt Offers 
31 
CONSENT TO THE USE OF THE BASE PROSPECTUS IN CONNECTION WITH NON-
EXEMPT OFFERS 
Restrictions on Non-Exempt Offers of Notes in relevant EEA Member States 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on a basis that permits offers of Notes that is not made within
an exemption from the requirement to publish a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation ("Non-
Exempt Offers") of Notes in Italy (the "Non-Exempt Offer Jurisdiction"), if so specified in the
applicable Final Terms. Any person making or intending to make a Non-Exempt Offer of Notes on the
basis of this Base Prospectus must do so only with the Issuer's consent to the use of this Base Prospectus
as provided under "Consent given in accordance with Article 1.4 of the Prospectus Regulation" below
and provided such person complies with the conditions attached to that consent. 
Consent given in accordance with Article 1.4 of the Prospectus Regulation 
In the context of a Non-Exempt Offer of Notes, the Issuer accepts responsibility, in Italy as the Non-
Exempt Offer Jurisdiction, for the content of this Base Prospectus in relation to any person (an
"Investor") who purchases any Notes in a Non-Exempt Offer made by a Distribution Agent or an
Authorised Offeror (as defined below), where that offer is made during the Offer Period specified in the
applicable Final Terms and provided that the conditions attached to the giving of consent for the use of
this Base Prospectus are complied with. The consent and conditions attached to it are set out under
"Consent" and "Conditions to Consent" below. 
None of the Issuer or any Distribution Agent makes any representation as to the compliance by an
Authorised Offeror with any applicable conduct of business rules or other applicable regulatory or
securities law requirements in relation to any Non-Exempt Offer and none of the Issuer or any
Distribution Agent has any responsibility or liability for the actions of that Authorised Offeror.
Except in the circumstances set out in the following paragraphs, the Issuer has not authorised the 
making of any Non-Exempt Offer by any offeror, and the Issuer has not consented to the use of 
this Base Prospectus by any other person in connection with any Non-Exempt Offer of Notes. Any 
Non-Exempt Offer made without the consent of the Issuer is unauthorised and neither the Issuer 
nor, for the avoidance of doubt, any Distribution Agent accepts any responsibility or liability in 
relation to such offer or for the actions of the persons making any such unauthorised offer. If, in
the context of a Non-Exempt Offer, an Investor is offered Notes by a person which is not an Authorised
Offeror, the Investor should check with that person whether anyone is responsible for this Base
Prospectus for the purposes of the relevant Non-Exempt Offer and, if so, who that person is. If the
Investor is in any doubt about whether it can rely on this Base Prospectus and/or who is responsible for
its contents, it should take legal advice. 
The financial intermediaries referred to in paragraphs (ii) and (iii) below are together the "Authorised 
Offerors" and each an "Authorised Offeror". 
Consent 
In connection with each Tranche of Notes and subject to the conditions set out below under 
"Conditions to Consent", the Issuer consents to the use of this Base Prospectus (as supplemented 
as at the relevant time, if applicable) in connection with a Non-Exempt Offer of such Notes by:
(i)
the relevant Distribution Agent(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(ii)
any financial intermediaries specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(iii)
any other financial intermediary appointed after the date of the applicable Final Terms 
and 
whose 
name 
is 
published 
on 
the 
Issuer's 
website 
http://sp.morganstanley.com/EU/Documents and identified as an Authorised Offeror in 
respect of the relevant Non-Exempt Offer. 
Conditions to Consent 
The conditions to the Issuer's consent to the use of this Base Prospectus in the context of the relevant
Non-Exempt Offer are that such consent: 
(i)
is only valid during the Offer Period specified in the applicable Final Terms; and
(ii)
only extends to the use of this Base Prospectus to make Non-Exempt Offers of the relevant
Tranche of Notes in Italy, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 47 ---
Consent to the use of the Base Prospectus in connection with Non-Exempt Offers 
32 
The consent referred to above only relates to Offer Periods (if any) occurring within 12 months of the
date of this Base Prospectus. 
The only relevant EEA member state which may, in respect of any Tranche of Notes, be specified in the
applicable Final Terms as indicated in paragraph (ii) above, will be Italy and, accordingly, each Tranche
of Notes may only be offered to Investors as part of a Non-exempt Offer in Italy, if so specified in the
applicable Final Terms, or otherwise in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any
Distribution Agent to publish or supplement a prospectus for such offer. 
ARRANGEMENTS BETWEEN INVESTORS AND AUTHORISED OFFERORS 
AN INVESTOR INTENDING TO PURCHASE OR PURCHASING ANY NOTES IN A NON-
EXEMPT OFFER FROM AN AUTHORISED OFFEROR WILL DO SO, AND OFFERS AND 
SALES OF SUCH NOTES TO AN INVESTOR BY SUCH AUTHORISED OFFEROR WILL BE 
MADE, IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER IN 
PLACE BETWEEN SUCH AUTHORISED OFFEROR AND SUCH INVESTOR, INCLUDING 
ARRANGEMENTS IN RELATION TO PRICE, ALLOCATIONS, EXPENSES AND 
SETTLEMENTS. THE ISSUER WILL NOT BE A PARTY TO ANY SUCH ARRANGEMENTS 
WITH SUCH INVESTORS IN CONNECTION WITH THE NON-EXEMPT OFFER OR SALE 
OF THE NOTES CONCERNED AND, ACCORDINGLY, THIS BASE PROSPECTUS AND ANY 
FINAL TERMS OR PRICING SUPPLEMENT WILL NOT CONTAIN SUCH INFORMATION. 
THE RELEVANT INFORMATION WILL BE PROVIDED BY THE AUTHORISED OFFEROR 
AT THE TIME OF SUCH OFFER. NONE OF THE ISSUER OR, FOR THE AVOIDANCE OF 
DOUBT, ANY DISTRIBUTION AGENT OR ITS AFFILIATES HAS ANY RESPONSIBILITY 
OR LIABILITY TO AN INVESTOR IN RESPECT OF THE INFORMATION DESCRIBED 
ABOVE. 
Save as provided above, neither the Issuer nor any Distribution Agent have authorised, nor do they
authorise, the making of any Non-exempt Offer of Notes in circumstances in which an obligation arises
for the Issuer or any Distribution Agent to publish or supplement a prospectus for such offer. 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO THE USE OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS 
AND OFFERS OF NOTES GENERALLY 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Notes
in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such
jurisdiction. The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted by
law in certain jurisdictions. The Issuer and the Distribution Agent do not represent that this Base
Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with
any applicable registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption
available thereunder, or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In
particular, unless specifically indicated to the contrary in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing
Supplement, no action has been taken by the Issuer or the Distribution Agent which is intended to permit
a public offering of any Notes or distribution of this Base Prospectus in any jurisdiction where action for
that purpose is required. Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither
this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material may be distributed or published in
any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and
regulations. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Notes may come must inform
themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the
offering and sale of Notes. In particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus
and the offer or sale of Notes in the U.S., the EEA and the United Kingdom, see "Subscription and Sale".

--- Page 48 ---
Where the Investor can find more Information about Morgan Stanley 
33 
WHERE THE INVESTOR CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION ABOUT MORGAN STANLEY 
Morgan Stanley files annual, quarterly and current reports, proxy statements and other information with
the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC"). The SEC maintains an internet site
that contains annual, quarterly and current reports, proxy and information statements and other
information that issuers (including Morgan Stanley) file electronically with the SEC. Morgan Stanley's
electronic SEC filings are available to the public at the SEC's internet site www.sec.gov. The information
contained on this internet site, and any information available at the SEC's public reference room, shall
not form part of this Base Prospectus, unless such information has been expressly incorporated herein by
way of a supplement to this Base Prospectus.
Incorporation by Reference 
The following documents and/or information which have previously been filed with the CSSF shall be
deemed to be incorporated by reference in, and to form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
Document filed
Information incorporated by 
reference
Page
1.
Morgan Stanley July 2021 Form
8-K 
https://sp.morganstanley.com/E
U/Download/GeneralDocument?
documentID=67ebff29-33c3-
40f0-a995-6c4908f3da51
The page numbers here are in
reference to the PDF format
document. 
(1)
Item
2.02:
Results
of
Operations and Financial
Condition 
3 
(2)
Item
9.01:
Financial
Statements and Exhibits 
3 
(3)
Exhibit 99.1: Press release
of the Company, dated July
15,
2021,
containing
financial information for
the quarter ended June 30,
2021 
5-13 
(4)
Exhibit
99.2:
Financial
Data Supplement of the
Company for the quarter
ended June 30, 2021 
14-32 
(5)
Consolidated
Financial
Summary
(unaudited,
dollars in millions) 
15 
(6)
Consolidated
Financial
Metrics,
Ratios
and
Statistical Data (unaudited) 
16 
(7)
Consolidated
and
U.S.
Bank
Supplemental
Financial
Information
(unaudited,
dollars
in
millions) 
17 
(8)
Consolidated
Average
Common
Equity
and
Regulatory
Capital
Information
(unaudited,
dollars in billions) 
18

--- Page 49 ---
Where the Investor can find more Information about Morgan Stanley 
34 
(9)
Institutional
Securities
Income
Statement
Information,
Financial
Metrics
and
Ratios
(unaudited,
dollars
in
millions) 
19 
(10)
Wealth
Management
Income
Statement
Information,
Financial
Metrics
and
Ratios
(unaudited,
dollars
in
millions) 
20 
(11)
Wealth
Management
Financial Information and
Statistical Data (unaudited,
dollars in billions) 
21 
(12)
Investment
Management
Income
Statement
Information,
Financial
Metrics
and
Ratios
(unaudited,
dollars
in
millions) 
22 
(13)
Investment
Management
Financial Information and
Statistical Data (unaudited,
dollars in billions) 
23 
(14)
Consolidated
Loans
and
Lending
Commitments
(unaudited,
dollars
in
billions) 
24 
(15)
Consolidated
Loans
and
Lending
Commitments
Allowance
for
Credit
Losses (ACL) as of June
30,
2021
(unaudited,
dollars in millions) 
25 
(16)
Definition of U.S. GAAP
to Non-GAAP Measures 
26 
(17)
Definitions of Performance
Metrics and Terms 
27-28 
(18)
Supplemental Quantitative
Details and Calculations 
29-31 
(19)
Legal Notice 
32 
2.
Morgan
Stanley
March
2021
Form 10-Q 
(1)
Financial Information 
1 
(2)
Management's Discussion
and Analysis of Financial
1-22

--- Page 50 ---
Where the Investor can find more Information about Morgan Stanley 
35 
https://www.morganstanley.com/
about-us-
ir/shareholder/10q0321.pdf
Condition and Results of
Operations 
(3)
Quantitative
and
Qualitative
Disclosures
about Risk 
23-31 
(4)
Report
of
Independent
Registered
Public
Accounting Firm 
32 
(5)
Consolidated
Financial
Statements and Notes 
33-65 
(6)
Financial Data Supplement
(Unaudited) 
66 
(7)
Glossary
of
Common
Terms and Acronyms
67 
(8)
Other Information 
68 
(9)
Legal Proceedings 
68 
(10)
Unregistered
Sales
of
Equity Securities and Use
of Proceeds 
68 
(11)
Controls and Procedures
68 
(12)
Exhibits 
68 
(13)
Signatures 
69 
3.
Morgan
Stanley
2021
Proxy
Statement 
https://sp.morganstanley.com/E
U/Download/GeneralDocument?
documentID=664107e1-6bee-
48c4-8c15-03a2787f02f7
(1)
Overview of Voting Items 
5-11 
(2)
Corporate
Governance
Matters 
12-43 
(3)
Audit Matters 
44-47 
(4)
Compensation Matters 
48-81 
(5)
Ownership of Our Stock 
82-85 
(6)
Other Company Proposal 
86-91 
(7)
Information
About
the
Annual Meeting 
93-96 
4.
Annual Report on Form 10-K for
the year ended 31 December
2020 
https://www.morganstanley.com/
about-us-
(1)
Business 
1-11

--- Page 51 ---
Where the Investor can find more Information about Morgan Stanley 
36 
ir/shareholder/10k2020/10k1220
.pdf
(2)
Management's Discussion
and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of
Operations 
25-60 
(3)
Quantitative
and
Qualitative
Disclosures
about Risk 
61-78 
(4)
Financial Statements and
Supplementary Data 
79-154 
(5)
Glossary
of
Common
Terms and Acronyms 
155-156 
(6)
Changes
in
and
Disagreements
with
Accountants
on
Accounting and Financial
Disclosure 
157 
(7)
Controls and Procedures 
157-159 
(8)
Other Information 
159 
(9)
Unresolved
Staff
Comments 
159 
(10)
Properties 
159 
(11)
Legal Proceedings 
159-163 
(12)
Mine Safety Disclosures 
163 
(13)
Market
for
Registrant's
Common Equity, Related
Stockholder Matters and
Issuer Purchases of Equity
Securities 
163 
(14)
Directors,
Executive
Officers
and
Corporate
Governance 
164 
(15)
Executive Compensation 
164 
(16)
Security
Ownership
of
Certain Beneficial Owners
and
Management
and
Related
Stockholder
Matters 
164 
(17)
Certain Relationships and
Related Transactions, and
Director Independence 
164

--- Page 52 ---
Where the Investor can find more Information about Morgan Stanley 
37 
(18)
Principal Accountant Fees
and Services 
164 
(19)
Exhibits
and
Financial
Statement Schedules 
164-168 
(20)
Form 10-K Summary 
168 
(21)
Signatures 
168-169 
5.
Registration
Document
of
Morgan Stanley, Morgan Stanley
& Co. International plc, Morgan
Stanley B.V. and Morgan Stanley
Finance LLC dated 11 December
2020
(the 
"Registration 
Document") 
https://sp.morganstanley.com/E
U/Download/GeneralDocument?
documentID=bf996df4-ce34-
49d2-baa1-6d7064217bdd
(1)
Risk Factors (excluding the
section
headed 
"Risks
relating to MSBV, MSFL,
& MSI plc") 
3-21 
(2)
Description
of
Morgan
Stanley 
33-66 
(3)
Index of Defined Terms 
83 
6.
Supplement dated 9 July 2021 to
the
Registration
Document
("First Supplement to the 
Registration Document") 
https://sp.morganstanley.com/E
U/Download/GeneralDocument?
documentID=9454d804-55f9-
4c3f-86e9-25a3f06def2e
(1)
Part C - Amendments to
the "Risk Factors" section 
(2)
Part D – Amendments to
the 
"Description
of
Morgan Stanley" section 
10-24 
25-44 
7.
Base Prospectus dated 13 July
2020 
https://sp.morganstanley.com/E
U/Download/GeneralDocument?
documentID=1c425882-8aa1-
467f-962d-f2f94415f849
(1)
Terms and Conditions of
the Notes 
38-85 
8.
Base Prospectus dated 28 June
2019 
https://sp.morganstanley.com/E
U/Download/GeneralDocument?
documentID=f3dfbc7e-8ec6-
4cf6-9057-92ce9acbfad5
(1)
Terms and Conditions of
the Notes 
48-91 
9.
Base Prospectus dated 19 June
2018 
https://sp.morganstanley.com/E
U/Download/GeneralDocument?
documentID=685d211d-660c-
412c-8213-917d6e1a6170
(1)
Terms and Conditions of
the Notes 
43-80 
10.
Base Prospectus dated 19 April
2017 
(1)
Terms and Conditions of
the
Notes 
44-81

--- Page 53 ---
Where the Investor can find more Information about Morgan Stanley 
38 
https://sp.morganstanley.com/E
U/Download/GeneralDocument?
documentID=b1261e5b-a5ce-
4e2d-ae6b-417beae33752
11.
Base Prospectus dated 8 April
2016 
https://sp.morganstanley.com/E
U/Download/GeneralDocument?
documentID=ae6c9d5e-cf24-
4377-9191-5292b8bbe54a
(1)
Terms and Conditions of
the
Notes 
43-80 
12.
Supplement
dated
27
August
2019 to the Base Prospectus
dated 28 June 2019 
https://sp.morganstanley.com/E
U/Download/GeneralDocument?
documentID=a79f3d27-fe30-
4e0f-baaf-c8a8a88e22da
(1)
Amendments to the Terms
and
Conditions
of
the
Notes 
8 
13.
Supplement dated 24 May 2019
to the Base Prospectus dated 19
June 2018 
https://sp.morganstanley.com/E
U/Download/GeneralDocument?
documentID=8b9bb12e-6ce6-
4d45-b6c7-3e5c5a34a2e6
(1)
Amendments
to
the
General
Information
Section 
8 
14.
Supplement dated 25 January
2019 to the Base Prospectus
dated 19 June 2018 
https://sp.morganstanley.com/E
U/Download/GeneralDocument?
documentID=bfeed637-586c-
44c4-808a-00aecb147dc4
(1)
Amendments to the Terms
and Conditions 
5-8 
15.
Supplement dated 20 January
2017 to the Base Prospectus
dated 8 April 2016 
https://sp.morganstanley.com/E
U/Download/GeneralDocument?
documentID=18f5fcde-133c-
40cc-9c74-cc24ad667120
(1)
Amendments to the Base
Prospectus 
5 
Document filed 
Information not incorporated by reference 
1.
Registration Document 
Information Incorporated by
Reference 
22-32 
Description of Morgan Stanley &
Co. International plc 
67-74 
Description of Morgan Stanley
B.V. 
75-78

--- Page 54 ---
Where the Investor can find more Information about Morgan Stanley 
39 
Description of Morgan Stanley
Finance LLC 
70-81 
2.
First
Supplement
to
the
Registration Document 
(1)
Part
A
–
Incorporation by
Reference
section 
5-8 
(2)
Part B – Amendments to
the
"Information
Incorporated
by
Reference" section 
9 
(3)
Part E – Amendments to
the 
"Description
of
Morgan
Stanley
&
Co.
International plc" section 
45 
(4)
Part F – Amendments to
the 
"Description
of
Morgan
Stanley
B.V." 
section 
46 
(5)
Part G – Amendments to
the 
"Description
of
Morgan Stanley Finance
LLC" section 
47 
3.
Morgan Stanley March 2021 10-
Q 
Risk Factors 
68 
Exhibits
68 
4.
Morgan
Stanley
2021
Proxy
Statement 
Letter from the Chairman and CEO 
1-2 
Notice of 2021 Annual Meeting of
Shareholders 
4 
Morgan Stanley Equity Incentive
Compensation Plan 
A1-A8 
5.
Morgan Stanley 2020 10-K 
Forward Looking Statements 
ii 
Available Information 
iii 
Risk Factors 
12-24 
Exhibits and Financial Statement
Schedules 
164-168 
Any statement contained in this Base Prospectus, or any documents incorporated by reference herein,
shall be deemed to be modified or superseded for the purpose of this Base Prospectus to the extent that
a statement contained in any document subsequently incorporated by reference and in respect of which
a supplement to this Base Prospectus is prepared modifies or supersedes such statement. 
The information about Morgan Stanley incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus (the
"Incorporated Information") is considered to be part of this Base Prospectus. Following the

--- Page 55 ---
Where the Investor can find more Information about Morgan Stanley 
40 
publication of this Base Prospectus, a supplement may be prepared by Morgan Stanley and approved by
the CSSF in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. Statements contained in any such
supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference therein) shall, to the extent
applicable (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise), be deemed to modify or supersede
statements contained in this Base Prospectus or in a document which is incorporated by reference in this
Base Prospectus. Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or
superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. 
Any documents incorporated by reference into the documents listed above do not form part of this Base
Prospectus.
For the purposes of Article 19.1 of the Prospectus Regulation and Article 19.1 of the UK Prospectus
Regulation, any non-incorporated parts of a document referred to herein are either deemed not relevant
for an investor or are otherwise covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 56 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
41 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES
The following is the text of the terms and conditions, which, as completed by the applicable Final Terms
or Pricing Supplement, will be set forth on each Note in definitive form (if any) issued under the Program
pursuant to this Base Prospectus. The terms and conditions applicable to any Note issued in global form
will differ from those terms and conditions which would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to
the extent described under "Summary of Provisions Relating to the Notes while in Global Form".
1.
INTRODUCTION ............................................................................................................... 41
2.
INTERPRETATION ............................................................................................................ 42
3.
FORM AND TITLE............................................................................................................. 59
4.
STATUS .............................................................................................................................. 60
5.
FIXED RATE NOTE PROVISIONS .................................................................................. 60
6.
FLOATING RATE NOTE PROVISIONS .......................................................................... 61
7.
ZERO COUPON NOTE PROVISIONS .............................................................................. 96
8.
INFLATION-LINKED NOTE PROVISIONS .................................................................... 96
9.
AUTOMATIC CHANGE OF INTEREST BASIS ............................................................ 102
10.
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE .................................................................................. 102
11.
PAYMENTS ...................................................................................................................... 103
12.
TAXATION ....................................................................................................................... 105
13.
EVENTS OF DEFAULT ................................................................................................... 106
14.
PRESCRIPTION ................................................................................................................ 107
15.
REPLACEMENT OF NOTES ........................................................................................... 107
16.
AGENTS ............................................................................................................................ 107
17.
MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS AND MODIFICATION ............................................ 108
18.
FURTHER ISSUES ........................................................................................................... 109
19.
NOTICES ........................................................................................................................... 109
20.
LOSSES ............................................................................................................................. 109
21.
CURRENCY INDEMNITY .............................................................................................. 109
22.
ROUNDING ...................................................................................................................... 110
23.
REDENOMINATION, RENOMINALISATION AND RECONVENTIONING ............. 110
24.
INCONVERTIBILITY EVENTS ...................................................................................... 110
25.
CNY DISRUPTION EVENTS .......................................................................................... 112
26.
SUBSTITUTION ............................................................................................................... 114
27.
REPRESENTATIONS AND ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS BY NOTEHOLDERS ........... 115
28.
GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION .................................................................... 116
1.
INTRODUCTION 
1.1
Program: Morgan Stanley ("Morgan Stanley"), Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc
("MSI plc") and Morgan Stanley B.V. ("MSBV") have established the Regulation S Program
for the issuance of Notes, Series A and Series B, Warrants and Certificates (the "Program")
which provides for the issuance of up to U.S.$55,000,000,000 in aggregate principal amount,
inter alia, of notes by Morgan Stanley. The Series A Notes and Series B Notes offered pursuant
to the Base Prospectus dated 19 July 2021 (the "Notes") will be governed by New York law.
References to the "Issuer" in these terms and conditions shall mean Morgan Stanley.

--- Page 57 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
42 
1.2
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement: The Notes are issued in series (each a "Series") and each
Series may comprise one or more tranches (each a "Tranche") of Notes. Each Tranche is the
subject of a set of final terms (a "Final Terms") or pricing supplement (a "Pricing 
Supplement") which complete these terms and conditions (the "Conditions"), if any,
applicable in relation to such Series.
1.3
Issue and Paying Agency Agreement: The Notes are the subject of an issue and paying agency
agreement dated 19 July 2021 (such agreement as from time to time further modified and/or
restated, the "Issue and Paying Agency Agreement") between Morgan Stanley, The Bank of
New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch as registrar (the "Registrar", which
expression includes any successor registrar appointed from time to time in connection with the
Notes), the transfer agents named therein (together with the Registrar, the "Transfer Agents",
which expression includes any successor or additional transfer agents appointed from time to
time in connection with the Notes) and The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch as fiscal
agent (the "Fiscal Agent", which expression includes any successor fiscal agent appointed from
time to time in connection with the Notes and, together with any additional paying agents
appointed pursuant thereto, the "Paying Agents", which expression includes any successor
paying agents appointed from time to time in connection with the Notes). The Fiscal Agent is
also appointed as initial calculation agent. In these Conditions, references to the "Agents" are
to the Paying Agents and the Transfer Agents, and any reference to an "Agent" is to any one
of them.
1.4
The Notes: All subsequent references in these Conditions to "Notes" are to the Notes which
are the subject of the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement. Copies of the applicable
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement are available for inspection by Noteholders during normal
business hours at the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent, the initial Specified Office of which
is set out below. 
1.5
Summaries: Certain provisions of these Conditions are summaries of the Issue and Paying
Agency Agreement and are subject to its detailed provisions. The holders of the Notes (the
"Noteholders") are bound by, and are deemed to have notice of, all the provisions of the Issue
and Paying Agency Agreement as are applicable to them. Copies of the Issue and Paying
Agency Agreement are available for inspection by Noteholders during normal business hours
at the Specified Offices of each of the Paying Agents, the initial Specified Offices of which are
set out below. 
2.
INTERPRETATION 
2.1
Definitions
In the Conditions, the following expressions have the following meanings: 
"Accrual Yield" means the rate specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing
Supplement; 
"Additional Business Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the applicable
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement; 
"Additional Financial Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the applicable
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement; 
"Administrator/Benchmark Event" means, in respect of any Notes, a determination made by
the Determination Agent that any authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement,
equivalence decision, approval or inclusion in any official register in respect of the Relevant
Rates Benchmark or the administrator or sponsor of the Relevant Rates Benchmark has not
been, or will not be, obtained or has been, or will be, rejected, refused, suspended or withdrawn
by the relevant competent authority or other relevant official body, in each case with the effect
that any of the Issuer, the Determination Agent or the Calculation Agent is not, or will not be,
permitted under any applicable law or regulation to use the Relevant Rates Benchmark to
perform its or their respective obligations in respect of the Notes; For the avoidance of doubt,
Administrator/Benchmark Event shall not apply where the Notes are denominated in U.S.
dollars and the Relevant Rates Benchmark is U.S. dollar LIBOR (see Condition 6.18 (Effect of
Benchmark Transition Event) below) or SOFR (see Condition 6.8 (Provisions specific to SOFR
as Reference Rate) below);

--- Page 58 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
43 
"Administrator/Benchmark Event Date" means, in respect of any Notes and an
Administrator/Benchmark Event, the date on which the authorisation, registration, recognition,
endorsement, equivalence decision, approval or inclusion in any official register is: 
(a)
required under any applicable law or regulation; or 
(b)
rejected, refused, suspended or withdrawn, if the applicable law or regulation provides
that the Relevant Rates Benchmark is not permitted to be used under the Notes
following rejection, refusal, suspension or withdrawal, 
or, in each case, if such date occurs before the Issue Date, the Issue Date; 
"Affiliate" means, in relation to any person, (a) any entity controlled, directly or indirectly, by
the person, (b) any entity that controls, directly or indirectly, the person or (c) any entity directly
or indirectly under common control with the person (for such purposes, "control" of any entity
or person means ownership of a majority of the voting power of the entity or person); 
"Benchmark" means: 
(i)
if SOFR is not specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement as the
Reference Rate, initially, LIBOR (with the applicable period of maturity in the case of
Screen Rate Determination or the applicable Designated Maturity in the case of ISDA
Determination); provided that if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related
Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to LIBOR (with the
applicable period of maturity in the case of Screen Rate Determination or the applicable
Designated Maturity in the case of ISDA Determination) or the then-current
Benchmark, then "Benchmark" means the applicable Benchmark Replacement; or 
(ii)
if SOFR is specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement as the Reference
Rate, the Secured Overnight Financing Rate with the applicable period of maturity
(which shall be daily); provided that if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related
Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to the Secured Overnight
Financing Rate with the applicable period of maturity (which shall be daily), or the
then-current Benchmark, then "Benchmark" means the applicable Benchmark
Replacement; 
"Benchmark Replacement" means: 
(i)
if SOFR is not specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement as the
Reference Rate, the Interpolated Benchmark with respect to the then-current Benchmark,
plus the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment for such Benchmark; provided that if the
Issuer or its designee cannot determine the Interpolated Benchmark as of the Benchmark
Replacement Date, then "Benchmark Replacement" means the first alternative set forth
in the order below that can be determined by the Issuer or its designee as of the
Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(a)
the sum of: (i) Fallback Term SOFR and (ii) the Benchmark Replacement
Adjustment; 
(b)
the sum of: (i) Fallback Compounded SOFR and (ii) the Benchmark Replacement
Adjustment; 
(c)
the sum of: (i) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected or recommended
by the Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement for the then-current
Benchmark for the applicable Corresponding Tenor and (ii) the Benchmark
Replacement Adjustment; 
(d)
the sum of: (i) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (ii) the Benchmark Replacement
Adjustment; 
(e)
the sum of: (i) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by the Issuer or
its designee as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark for the applicable
Corresponding Tenor giving due consideration to any industry-accepted rate of
interest as a replacement for the then-current Benchmark for U.S. dollar-
denominated floating rate notes at such time and (ii) the Benchmark Replacement
Adjustment;

--- Page 59 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
44 
(ii)
if SOFR is specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement as the Reference
Rate, the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be determined by the Issuer
or its designee as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(a)
the sum of: (i) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected or recommended
by the Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement for the then-current
Benchmark for the applicable Corresponding Tenor and (ii) the Benchmark
Replacement Adjustment; 
(b)
the sum of: (i) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (ii) the Benchmark Replacement
Adjustment; 
(c)
the sum of: (i) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by the Issuer or
its designee as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark for the applicable
Corresponding Tenor giving due consideration to any industry-accepted rate of
interest as a replacement for the then-current Benchmark for U.S. dollar-
denominated floating rate notes at such time and (ii) the Benchmark Replacement
Adjustment; 
"Benchmark Replacement Adjustment" means the first alternative set forth in the order
below that can be determined by the Issuer or its designee as of the Benchmark Replacement
Date: 
(a)
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread
adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected
or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for the applicable Unadjusted
Benchmark Replacement; 
(b)
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to the ISDA
Fallback Rate, then the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; 
(c)
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been
selected by the Issuer or its designee giving due consideration to any industry-accepted
spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment,
for the replacement of the then-current Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted
Benchmark Replacement for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate notes at such time; 
"Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes" means, with respect to any Benchmark
Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the
definition of "Interest Period", timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments
of interest, changes to the definition of "Corresponding Tenor" solely when such tenor is longer
than the Interest Period, and other administrative matters) that the Issuer or its designee decides
may be appropriate to reflect the adoption of such Benchmark Replacement in a manner
substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Issuer or its designee decides that
adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Issuer
or its designee determines that no market practice for use of the Benchmark Replacement exists,
in such other manner as the Issuer or its designee determines is reasonably necessary); 
"Benchmark Replacement Date" means the earliest to occur of the following events with
respect to the then-current Benchmark: 
(a)
in the case of limb (a) or (b) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition Event", the
later of (i) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced
therein and (ii) the date on which the administrator of the Benchmark permanently or
indefinitely ceases to provide the Benchmark; or 
(b)
in the case of limb (c) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition Event", the date of
the public statement or publication of information referenced therein. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event giving rise to the Benchmark Replacement Date occurs
on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any determination, the
Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference Time for
such determination;

--- Page 60 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
45 
"Benchmark Transition Event" means the occurrence of one or more of the following events
with respect to the then-current Benchmark: 
(a)
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of
the Benchmark announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide
the Benchmark, permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such
statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to
provide the Benchmark; 
(b)
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the
administrator of the Benchmark, the central bank for the currency of the Benchmark,
an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark, a
resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark or a
court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator
for the Benchmark, which states that the administrator of the Benchmark has ceased or
will cease to provide the Benchmark permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the
time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will
continue to provide the Benchmark; or 
(c)
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the
administrator of the Benchmark announcing that the Benchmark is no longer
representative;
"Broken Amount" means the amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing
Supplement; 
"Business Day" means any day, other than a Saturday or Sunday, 
(a)
that is neither a legal holiday nor a day on which banking institutions are authorised or
required by law or regulation to close (i) for Notes denominated in U.S. dollars, in The
City of New York, (ii) for Notes denominated in Sterling, in London, (iii) for Notes
denominated in Australian dollars, in Sydney, (iv) for Notes denominated in a
Specified Currency other than U.S. dollars, euro, Sterling or Australian dollars, in the
principal Financial Centre of the country of the Specified Currency and (v) in each (if
any) Additional Business Centre; 
(b)
for Notes denominated in euro, that is also a TARGET Settlement Day and a day that
is neither a legal holiday nor a day on which banking institutions are authorised or
required by law or regulation to close in each (if any) Additional Business Centre,
and, in each case, if "Additional Business Centre" is specified to be or to include: (i) "U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day", then "Business Day" shall also be any day other than
a Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets
Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the
entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities; or (ii) "TARGET" or
"TARGET Settlement Day", then "Business Day" shall include a TARGET Settlement Day; 
"Business Day Convention" means, in relation to any particular date referred to in the
Conditions or in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement which is specified to be
adjusted in accordance with a Business Day Convention, the convention for adjusting such date
if it would otherwise fall on a day that is not a Business Day, any one or more of: Following
Business Day Convention, Modified Following Business Day Convention (or Modified
Business Day Convention), Preceding Business Day Convention, FRN Convention (or Floating
Rate Convention or Eurodollar Convention) or No Adjustment (or Unadjusted), as specified in
the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement. In this context, if the Business Day
Convention specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement is: 
(a)
"Following Business Day Convention", the relevant date shall be postponed to the
first following day that is a Business Day; 
(b)
"Modified Following Business Day Convention" or "Modified Business Day 
Convention", the relevant date shall be postponed to the first following day that is a
Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case that date
will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day;

--- Page 61 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
46 
(c)
"Preceding Business Day Convention", the relevant date shall be brought forward
to the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(d)
"FRN Convention", "Floating Rate Convention" or "Eurodollar Convention",
each relevant date shall be the date which numerically corresponds to the preceding
such date in the calendar month which is the number of months specified in the
applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement as the Specified Period after the
calendar month in which the preceding such date occurred provided, however, that: 
(i)
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in
which any such date should occur, then such date will be the last day which
is a Business Day in that calendar month; 
(ii)
if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day,
then such date will be the first following day which is a Business Day unless
that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case it will be the first
preceding day which is a Business Day; and 
(iii)
if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month which
was a Business Day, then all subsequent such dates will be the last day which
is a Business Day in the calendar month which is the specified number of
months after the calendar month in which the preceding such date occurred;
and 
(e)
"No Adjustment" or "Unadjusted", the relevant date shall not be adjusted in
accordance with any Business Day Convention; 
provided that if ISDA Determination, "2021 ISDA Definitions" and "Unscheduled Holiday" 
are applicable in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, then in the case where
Modified Following Business Day Convention, Modified Business Day Convention, Preceding
Business Day Convention, FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar
Convention apply to a particular date and that date would otherwise fall on a day that is not a
Business Day as a result of an Unscheduled Holiday (as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions
but disregarding references to Valuation Business Day and Exercise Business Day and
construing references to the Confirmation to mean the applicable Final Terms or Pricing
Supplement) notwithstanding the provisions of (ii) to (iv) above, such day will instead fall on
the first following day that is a Business Day; 
"Calculation Agent" means, in respect of any Series of Notes, the Fiscal Agent or such other
Person specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement as the party responsible
for calculating the Rate(s) of Interest and Interest Amount(s), subject as otherwise provided in
these Conditions (including, without limitation, as provided in Condition 6 (Floating Rate Note
Provisions)), and/or any other amount(s) which may be specified as being calculated by the
Calculation Agent in the Conditions; 
"Calculation Amount" means, unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms or Pricing
Supplement, in relation to any Series of Notes, (a) where the Notes have only one Specified
Denomination, such Specified Denomination and (b) where Notes of such Series may have more
than one Specified Denomination, the lowest common factor of those Specified Denominations; 
"Clearstream, Luxembourg" means Clearstream Banking, S.A.; 
"CMS Reference Rate" means the rate determined in accordance with the Condition 6.7 (CMS
Rate Determination); 
"CMS Reference Rate 1" means the CMS Reference Rate specified as such in the applicable
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, and the terms "Relevant Swap Rate", "Reference
Currency", "Designated Maturity", "Relevant Screen Page", "Relevant Time" and "Interest
Determination Date" and any other relevant term will each be specified in the applicable Final
Terms or Pricing Supplement under the heading "CMS Reference Rate 1"; 
"CMS Reference Rate 2" means the CMS Reference Rate specified as such in the applicable
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, and the terms "Relevant Swap Rate", "Reference
Currency", "Designated Maturity", "Relevant Screen Page", "Relevant Time" and "Interest

--- Page 62 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
47 
Determination Date" and any other relevant term will each be specified in the applicable Final
Terms or Pricing Supplement under the heading "CMS Reference Rate 2"; 
"Corresponding Tenor" with respect to a Benchmark Replacement means a tenor (including
overnight) having approximately the same length (disregarding business day adjustment) as the
applicable tenor for the then-current Benchmark; 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period of time
(the "Calculation Period"), such day count fraction as may be specified in the Conditions or
the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement and: 
(a)
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is so specified, means a fraction equal to "number of
days accrued/number of days in year", as such terms are used in Rule 251 of the
statutes, by-laws and recommendations of the International Capital Markets
Association (the "ICMA Rule Book"), calculated in accordance with Rule 251 of the
ICMA Rule Book as applied to non-U.S. dollar denominated straight and convertible
bonds issued after 31 December 1998, as though the interest coupon on a bond were
being calculated for a coupon period corresponding to the Calculation Period in respect
of which payment is being made; 
(b)
if "Actual/Actual" or "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" is so specified, means the actual
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of the
Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (i) the actual number of days in that
portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (ii) the actual
number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year
divided by 365); 
(c)
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the
Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(d)
if "Actual/365L" is so specified, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period
divided by 365 (or, if the last day of the Calculation Period falls in a leap year, 366); 
(e)
if "Actual/360" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation
Period divided by 360; 
(f)
if "30/360" or "30/360 (ICMA)" is so specified, means the number of days in the
relevant period (calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days consisting of 12 months
of 30 days each and, in the case of an incomplete month, the actual number of days
elapsed) divided by 360; 
(g)
if "30/360 (ISDA)", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is so specified, the number of days
in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
[360 × (Y2 −Y1)] + [30 × (M2 −M1)] + (D2 −D1)
360
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater
than 29, in which case D2 will be 30;

--- Page 63 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
48 
(h)
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is so specified, the number of days in the
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
[360 × (Y2 −Y1)] + [30 × (M2 −M1)] + (D2 −D1)
360
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2
will be 30; and 
(i)
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period
divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
[360 × (Y2 −Y1)] + [30 × (M2 −M1)] + (D2 −D1)
360
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless
(i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case
D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day
included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but
not the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30, 
provided, however, that in each such case, the number of days in the Calculation Period is
calculated from and including the first day of the Calculation Period to but excluding the last
day of the Calculation Period; and 
(j)
if "1/1" is specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, 1; 
"Designated Maturity" means (a) for the purposes of a determination of the CMS Reference
Rate, a period of time specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement
corresponding to such CMS Reference Rate, (b) for the purposes of Screen Rate Determination,
the period of time designated in the Reference Rate and (c) for any other purposes, a period of
time specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement; 
"Determination Agent" means Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc or, if different in
relation to any Series of Notes, the Person or entity specified as such in the applicable Final
Terms or Pricing Supplement;

--- Page 64 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
49 
"Early Redemption Amount" means, in the case of Condition 13 (Events of Default) or
Condition 24 (Inconvertibility Events), 
(a)
if "Accrued Value" is specified as being applicable in respect of a Note in the
applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, an amount equal to the sum of: 
(i)
the product of (A) the Calculation Amount of such Note and (B) the
percentage produced by the following formula: 
Reference Price × (1+Accrual Yield)n
where "n" means the number of years from (and including) the Issue Date
(or such other date as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms or
Pricing Supplement as the "Accrued Value Commencement Date") to (but
excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon
which the Note becomes due and payable and the calculation shall be made
on the basis of such Day Count Fraction as may be specified in the applicable
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement or, if none is so specified, a Day Count
Fraction of 30/360; and 
(ii)
accrued interest (if any); or 
(b)
if "Fixed Redemption" is specified as being applicable in respect of the Notes in the
applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, an amount per Calculation Amount
equal to the product of the Specified Rate and the Calculation Amount, together with
accrued interest (if any); 
"Early Redemption Amount (Tax)" means: 
(a)
if "Early Redemption Amount (Tax) – Par" is specified in the applicable Final
Terms or Pricing Supplement, an amount equal to the product of 100 per cent. and the
Calculation Amount of such Note, together with accrued interest (if any); or 
(b)
if "Early Redemption Amount (Tax) – Accrued Value" is specified in the
applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, an amount equal to the sum of: 
(i)
the product of (A) the Calculation Amount of such Note and (B) the
percentage produced by the following formula: 
Reference Price × (1+Accrual Yield)n
where "n" means the number of years from (and including) the Issue Date
(or such other date as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms or
Pricing Supplement as the "Accrued Value Commencement Date") to (but
excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon
which the Note becomes due and payable and the calculation shall be made
on the basis of such Day Count Fraction as may be specified in the applicable
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement or, if none is so specified, a Day Count
Fraction of 30/360; and 
(ii)
accrued interest (if any); 
"ECB" means the European Central Bank (or its successor); 
"ECB €STR Guideline" means Guideline (EU) 2019/1265 of the ECB of 10 July 2019 on the
euro short-term rate (€STR) (ECB/2019/19), as amended from time to time; 
"ECB's Website" means the website of the EBC, currently at www.ecb.europa.eu or any
successor source officially designated by the ECB; 
"EEA" means the European Economic Area; 
"€STR", in respect of any TARGET Settlement Day, means the euro-short term rate
administered by the ECB (or any successor administrator) for such TARGET Settlement Day
and published on the ECB's Website (or any other authorised source) as of 9:00 a.m. (Frankfurt
time) or, in case a revised euro short-term rate is published as provided in Article 4 subsection
3 of the ECB €STR Guideline as of 11:00 a.m. (Frankfurt time), such revised interest rate (or
any amended publication time as specified by the administrator of the euro-short term rate in
the euro-short term rate benchmark methodology) and as then published on the Relevant Screen

--- Page 65 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
50 
Page or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by the administrator
of €STR or such authorised distributors, in each case on the TARGET Settlement Day
immediately following such TARGET Settlement Day; 
"€STR Rate Cut-Off Date" means the date that is the number of TARGET Settlement Days
specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement (or if none are specified, the
second TARGET Settlement Day) prior to the Maturity Date or the redemption date, as
applicable;
"Euroclear" means Euroclear Bank SA/NV; 
"Extraordinary Resolution" has the meaning given in the Issue and Paying Agency
Agreement; 
"Fallback Compounded SOFR" means the compounded average of Fallback SOFRs for the
applicable Corresponding Tenor, with the rate, or methodology for this rate, and conventions
for this rate being established by the Issuer or its designee in accordance with: 
(a)
the rate, or methodology for this rate, and conventions for this rate selected or
recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for determining compounded
Fallback SOFR; provided that: 
(b)
if, and to the extent that, the Issuer or its designee determines that Fallback
Compounded SOFR cannot be determined in accordance with clause (a) above, then
the rate, or methodology for this rate, and conventions for this rate that have been
selected by the Issuer or its designee giving due consideration to any industry-accepted
market practice for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate notes at such time; 
"Fallback Rate Determination" means, in respect of a CMS Reference Rate, any of the
following as specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement as an alternative
basis for determining the CMS Reference Rate: (a) Fallback Screen Page; (b) Mid-Market
Quotations; and (c) Determination Agent Fallback; 
"Fallback SOFR" with respect to any day means the secured overnight financing rate
published for such day by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as the administrator of the
benchmark, (or a successor administrator) on the Federal Reserve Bank of New York's Website; 
"Fallback Term SOFR" means the forward-looking term
rate for
the applicable
Corresponding Tenor based on Fallback SOFR that has been selected or recommended by the
Relevant Governmental Body; 
"Federal Reserve Bank of New York's Website" means the website of the Federal Reserve
Bank of New York, currently at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor source; 
"Final Bonus Amount" means the amount, if any, specified as such in the applicable Final
Terms or Pricing Supplement; 
"Final Redemption Amount" means: 
(a)
if "Accrued Value" is specified as being applicable in respect of a Note in the
applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, an amount equal to the product of (i)
the Calculation Amount of such Note and (ii) the percentage produced by the following
formula: 
Reference Price × (1+Accrual Yield)n
where "n" means the number of years from (and including) the Issue Date (or such
other date as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement as
the "Accrued Value Commencement Date") to (but excluding) the date fixed for
redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which the Note becomes due and
payable and the calculation shall be made on the basis of such Day Count Fraction as
may be specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement or, if none is so
specified, a Day Count Fraction of 30/360; and 
(b)
if "Fixed Final Redemption" is specified as being applicable in respect of a Note in 
the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, an amount equal to the Fixed Final 
Redemption Amount,

--- Page 66 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
51 
in each case, if "Final Bonus" is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms or
Pricing Supplement, plus the Final Bonus Amount; 
"Fixed Coupon Amount" means the amount, if any, specified as such in the applicable Final
Terms or Pricing Supplement; 
"Fixed Final Redemption Amount" means the amount per Calculation Amount (which may 
be expressed as a percentage of the Calculation Amount or an amount per Calculation Amount) 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement; 
"Fixed Interest Rate" means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of interest 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement;
"Fixed Leg Day Count Basis" means the Day Count Fraction specified as such in the
applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement; 
"Floating Interest Rate" means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of
interest determined in accordance with Condition 6 (Floating Rate Note Provisions); 
"Floating Leg Day Count Basis" means the Day Count Fraction specified as such in the
applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement; 
"Floating Leg Rate Option" means the Floating Rate Option (as defined in the ISDA
Definitions) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement; 
"Interest Amount" means, in relation to a Note and an Interest Period, the amount of interest
payable in respect of that Note for that Interest Period; 
"Interest Basis" means, in respect of each type of Notes specified in the Conditions, the
relevant provisions applicable to such type of Notes for determining or calculating the interest
on such Notes as set out in the Conditions;
"Interest Commencement Date" means the Issue Date of the Notes or such other date as may
be specified as the Interest Commencement Date in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing
Supplement. Where the Notes have more than one Interest Basis, an Interest Commencement
Date will be specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement in respect of each
such Interest Basis;
"Interest Determination Date" means, if the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement
specifies: (a) "Daily Rate Determination" to be applicable, in respect of a Reference Rate for
any relevant day, the Interest Determination Date shall be such relevant day; (b) "Periodic Rate 
Determination" to be applicable, in respect of a Reference Rate for any Interest Period, the
Interest Determination Date shall be the date or dates, if any, specified as such in the applicable
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement; or (c) SOFR, SONIA, €STR, SARON or TONA as the
applicable Reference Rate, the Interest Determination Date(s) shall be the Interest Period End
Date at the end of each Interest Period (or such other date or dates, if any, specified as such in
the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement); provided that if any of SOFR Compound
with Payment Delay, SONIA Compound with Payment Delay, €STR Compound with Payment
Delay, SARON Compound with Payment Delay or TONA Compound with Payment Delay
applies, the Interest Determination Date with respect to the final Interest Period for SOFR,
SONIA, €STR, SARON or TONA (as the case may be) will be the SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date,
the SONIA Rate Cut-Off Date, the €STR Rate Cut-Off Date, the SARON Rate Cut-Off Date or
the TONA Rate Cut-Off Date, respectively; 
"Interest Participation Rate" means, in respect of any Interest Rate or Reference Rate (each
a "Relevant Rate") for a relevant day (including an Interest Payment Date) and/or for an
Interest Period ending on (but excluding) an Interest Payment Date, the amount or percentage
rate specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement in respect of such
Relevant Rate for such day and/or such Interest Period, or, if a Rate Table is set out in the
applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, each amount or percentage rate specified in the
Rate Table in the column headed "Interest Participation Rate" in the row corresponding to such
day or corresponding to the date (specified in the column "Interest Payment Date(s)") on which
such Interest Payment Date is scheduled to fall, provided that, if the applicable Final Terms or
Pricing Supplement specify Interest Participation Rate to be not applicable, it shall be deemed
to be equal to one. Where the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement specify more than
one Interest Participation Rate for different Relevant Rates, the Interest Participation Rate will

--- Page 67 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
52 
be construed to apply to each Relevant Rate for each relevant day (including an Interest Payment
Date) and/or each Interest Period; 
"Interest Participation Rate 1" means the Interest Participation Rate specified as such in the
applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement; 
"Interest Participation Rate 2" means the Interest Participation Rate specified as such in the
applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement; 
"Interest Payment Date" means:
(i)
if none of SOFR Compound with Payment Delay, SONIA Compound with Payment
Delay, €STR Compound with Payment Delay, SARON Compound with Payment Delay
or TONA Compound with Payment Delay are specified in the relevant Final Terms or
Pricing Supplement as applicable and Delayed Payment is not specified in the relevant
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement as applicable in respect of any Overnight Floating
Rate Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) or any Index Floating Rate Option (as
defined in the ISDA Definitions), the scheduled Interest Payment Date, if such date is
specified in the Conditions or the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement to be
subject to adjustment in accordance with a Business Day Convention: 
(a)
such date as adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day Convention;
or 
(b)
if the Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate
Convention or Eurodollar Convention and an interval of a number of calendar
months is specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement as being
the Specified Period, each of such dates as may occur in accordance with the FRN
Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar Convention at such
Specified Period of calendar months following the Interest Commencement Date
(in the case of the first Interest Payment Date) or the previous Interest Payment
Date (in any other case); 
provided that, if the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement specify "Interest Specified
Day(s)" to be applicable and the relevant Determination Date is adjusted in accordance with the
Conditions, the Interest Payment Date shall instead be the day falling the number of Interest
Specified Day(s) after the relevant Determination Date, and no Noteholder shall be entitled to
any interest or further payment in respect of such delay; or 
(ii)
if: 
(A)
any of SOFR Compound with Payment Delay, SONIA Compound with Payment
Delay, €STR Compound with Payment Delay, SARON Compound with Payment
Delay or TONA Compound with Payment Delay is specified in the relevant Final
Terms or Pricing Supplement as applicable; or
(B)
Delayed Payment is specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement
as applicable in respect of any Overnight Floating Rate Option or any Index
Floating Rate Option,
the number of Business Days equal to the Interest Payment Delay following each Interest Period
End Date; provided that the Interest Payment Date with respect to the final Interest Period will
be the Maturity Date or other date for the redemption of the relevant Notes; 
"Interest Payment Delay" means: 
(i)
as specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, or if not so specified,
(A) in respect of SOFR, two U.S. Government Securities Business Days, (B) in respect
of SONIA, two London Banking Days, (C) in respect of €STR, two TARGET Settlement
Days, (D) in respect of SARON, two Zurich Banking Days and (E) in respect of TONA,
two Tokyo Banking Days; or
(ii)
in respect of any Overnight Floating Rate Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions)
or any Index Floating Rate Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) where Delayed
Payment is specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement as applicable,

--- Page 68 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
53 
the number of Business Days specified in respect of Delayed Payment in the applicable
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement; 
"Interest Period" means, subject as otherwise provided in the Conditions, each period
beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date or any Interest Period End Date
and ending on (but excluding) the next Interest Period End Date or any other period specified
as such in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, subject to adjustment in
accordance with the relevant Business Day Convention, except where specified in the applicable
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement;
"Interest Period End Date" means each Interest Payment Date unless specified otherwise in
the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement; 
"Interest Specified Day(s)" means such number of Business Day(s), Clearing System Business
Day(s) or calendar days as specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement; 
"Interpolated Benchmark" with respect to the Benchmark means the rate determined for the
Corresponding Tenor by interpolating on a linear basis between: (1) the Benchmark for the
longest period (for which the Benchmark is available) that is shorter than the Corresponding
Tenor and (2) the Benchmark for the shortest period (for which the Benchmark is available) that
is longer than the Corresponding Tenor; 
"ISDA Bespoke Fallbacks" means, in respect of any Floating Rate Option (as defined in the
ISDA Definitions), fallbacks other than ISDA Generic Fallbacks;
"ISDA Definitions" means:
(a)
for the purposes of Condition 6.8 (Provisions specific to SOFR as Reference Rate),
Condition 6.18 (Effect of Benchmark Transition Event) or Condition 6.19 (CMS
Reference Rate – Effect of Benchmark Transition Event and Benchmark Amendment
Event), the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by the International Swaps and
Derivatives Association, Inc. or any successor thereto, as amended or supplemented
from time to time, or any successor definitional booklet for interest rate derivatives
published from time to time, including the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives
Definitions (as amended or supplemented from time to time); and 
(b)
for all other purposes, (i) if "2006 ISDA Definitions" is specified as applicable in
the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as
amended and updated as at the date of issue of the first Tranche of the Notes of the
relevant Series (as specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement) as
published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc.; or (ii) if
"2021 ISDA Definitions" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms or
Pricing Supplement, the latest version of the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives
Definitions, including any Matrices referred to therein, as at the date of issue of the
first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series (as specified in the applicable Final
Terms or Pricing Supplement) as published by the International Swaps and
Derivatives Association, Inc.; 
"ISDA Fallback Adjustment" means the spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or
negative value or zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the ISDA
Definitions to be determined upon the occurrence of an index cessation event with respect to
the Benchmark for the applicable tenor; 
"ISDA Fallback Rate" means the rate that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing
the ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the occurrence of an index cessation date with respect
to the Benchmark for the applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment; 
"ISDA Generic Fallbacks" means any fallbacks would be required to be determined in
accordance with Section 8.6 (Generic Fallback Provisions) of the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate
Derivatives Definitions;
"Issue Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing
Supplement;

--- Page 69 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
54 
"London Banking Day" or "LBD" means any day on which commercial banks are open for
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in
London; 
"Margin" means, in respect of any Interest Rate or Reference Rate (each a "Relevant Rate")
for a relevant day (including an Interest Payment Date) and/or for an Interest Period ending on
(but excluding) an Interest Payment Date, the percentage rate specified as such in the applicable
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement in respect of such Relevant Rate for such day and/or such
Interest Period, which shall be preceded with either a "+" (plus) or a "-" (minus) sign (provided
that, if the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement specify Margin to be not applicable in
respect of such Relevant Rate, it shall be deemed to be equal to zero), or if a Rate Table is set
out in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, each percentage rate specified in the
Rate Table in the column headed "Margin" (which shall be preceded with either a "+" (plus)
or a "-" (minus) sign) in the row corresponding to such day or corresponding to the date
(specified in the column "Interest Payment Date(s)") on which such Interest Payment Date is
scheduled to fall. Where the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement specify more than
one Margin for different Relevant Rates, the Margin will be construed to apply to each Relevant
Rate for each relevant day (including an Interest Payment Date) and/or each Interest Period; 
"Margin 1" means the Margin specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing
Supplement; 
"Margin 2" means the Margin specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing
Supplement; 
"Maturity Date" means the Scheduled Maturity Date, provided that, if the applicable Final
Terms or Pricing Supplement specify "Specified Day(s)" to be applicable and the relevant
Determination Date is adjusted in accordance with the Conditions, the Maturity Date shall
instead be the day falling the number of Specified Day(s) after the relevant Determination Date; 
"Mid-Market Quotations" means, in relation to the determination of any CMS Reference
Rate, the bid and offered rates for the Specified Fixed Leg, calculated on the Fixed Leg Day
Count Basis, of a fixed-for-floating Reference Currency interest rate swap transaction with a
term equal to the Designated Maturity commencing on the first day of the relevant Interest
Period or on any relevant day and in a Representative Amount with an acknowledged dealer of
good credit in the swap market, where the floating leg, in each case calculated on the Floating
Leg Day Count Basis, is equivalent to floating leg Floating Rate Option (as defined in the ISDA
Definitions) with a designated maturity determined by the Determination Agent by reference to
standard market practice and/or the ISDA Definitions;
"Optional Redemption Amount (Call)" means: 
(a)
if "Optional Redemption Amount (Call) – Accrued Value" is specified in the
applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, an amount equal to the product of (i)
the Calculation Amount of such Note and (ii) the percentage produced by the following
formula: 
Reference Price × (1+Accrual Yield)n
where "n" means the number of years from (and including) the Issue Date (or such
other date as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement as
the "Accrued Value Commencement Date") to (but excluding) the date fixed for
redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which the Note becomes due and
payable and the calculation shall be made on the basis of such Day Count Fraction as
may be specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement or, if none is so
specified, a Day Count Fraction of 30/360; and 
(b)
if "Optional Redemption Amount (Call) – Fixed" is specified in the applicable Final
Terms or Pricing Supplement, an amount per Calculation Amount determined by the
Determination Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Optional Redemption Amount (Call) = Participation Rate (Call) × Calculation Amount; 
"Optional Redemption Date (Call) means, in relation to any Series of Notes, the date, if any,
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement;

--- Page 70 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
55 
"Participating Member State" means a member state of the European Union which adopts
the euro as its lawful currency in accordance with the Treaty; 
"Participation Rate (Call)" means in respect of any Optional Redemption Date (Call), the
percentage rate specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement or, if no
such rate is specified, 100 per cent.; 
"Payment Business Day" means: 
(a)
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and
are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign
currency deposits) in: 
(i)
the relevant place of presentation;
(ii)
each Additional Financial Centre (other than the TARGET System) specified
in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement; 
(iii)
if the TARGET System is specified as an Additional Financial Centre in the
applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, a day on which the TARGET
System is open; and 
(b)
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a currency other than euro, a day on which
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits)
may be carried on in the Principal Financial Centre of the country of the relevant
currency and (2) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the TARGET
System is open; 
"Person" means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture,
association, organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having
separate legal personality; 
"Principal Financial Centre" means, in relation to any currency, other than the euro, the
principal financial centre for that currency, provided, however, that, in relation to Australian
dollars, it means Sydney and Melbourne and, in relation to New Zealand dollars, it means
Wellington and Auckland; 
"Rate of Interest" means, in respect of any relevant period or any relevant day (including any
Interest Payment Date), the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of interest
payable in respect of the Notes as specified in applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement or
calculated or determined in accordance with the Conditions. If more than one Rate of Interest is
specified for the Notes, "Rate of Interest" shall be construed to refer to each rate defined or
specified as such in respect of the relevant period or day as specified in the applicable Final
Terms or Pricing Supplement; 
"Rate Table" means a table specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing
Supplement; 
"Redemption Amount" means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the Optional
Redemption Amount (Call), the Early Redemption Amount or such other amount in the nature
of a redemption amount as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing
Supplement or determined in accordance with the Conditions; 
"Reference Banks" means the banks specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing
Supplement or, if none are specified, four major banks selected by the Determination Agent in
the market that is most closely connected with the Reference Rate; 
"Reference Price" means a numerical value or percentage as specified in the applicable Final
Terms or Pricing Supplement; 
"Reference Rate" means, in respect of any relevant period or day, any of the following as
specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement: (a) a Fixed Interest Rate; (b) a
Floating Interest Rate; or (c) any interest rate, swap rate, index, benchmark or price source
specified as a "Reference Rate" in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, or
determined in accordance with the Conditions, in each case, for such period or such day. Where
the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement specify "CMS Rate Determination" to be

--- Page 71 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
56 
applicable, "Reference Rate" shall be construed to include a CMS Reference Rate. If more than
one Reference Rate is specified, "Reference Rate" shall be construed to refer to each rate
defined or specified as such, or determined, in respect of the relevant period or day as specified
in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement; 
"Reference Time" with respect to any determination of the Benchmark means (1) if the
Benchmark is LIBOR, 11:00 a.m. (London time) on the day that is two London banking days
preceding the date of such determination, and (2) if the Benchmark is not LIBOR, the time
determined by the Issuer or its designee in accordance with the Benchmark Replacement
Conforming Changes; 
"Relevant Governmental Body" means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve
Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve
Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or any successor thereto; 
"Relevant Rates Benchmark" means, in respect of any Notes: 
(a) 
each Reference Rate (or, if applicable, the index, benchmark or other price source
that is referred to in the Reference Rate) other than a Fixed Interest Rate; 
(b) 
each Floating Rate Option (or, if applicable, the index, benchmark or other price
source that is referred to in the Floating Rate Option); or 
(c) 
any other index, benchmark or other price source specified as a "Relevant Rates
Benchmark" in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement; 
"Register" shall have the meaning given to it in the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement; 
"Relevant Clearing System" means, as appropriate, Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or
Euroclear and/or such other relevant clearing system, as the case may be, through which
interests in Notes are to be held and through an account at which the Notes are to be cleared, as
specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement; 
"Relevant Date" means, in relation to any payment, whichever is the later of (a) the date on
which the payment in question first becomes due and (b) if the full amount payable has not been
received in the Principal Financial Centre of the currency of payment by the Fiscal Agent on or
prior to such due date, the date on which (the full amount having been so received) notice to
that effect has been given to the Noteholders; 
"Relevant Financial Centre" means, in relation to any Series of Notes and the applicable
Reference Rate, the city specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement; 
"Relevant Screen Page" means, in respect of a Reference Rate, the page, section or other part
of a particular information service (including, without limitation, Reuters) specified as such in
the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement in relation to such Reference Rate, or such
other page, section or other part as may replace it on that information service or such other
information service, in each case, as may be nominated by the Person providing or sponsoring
the information appearing there for the purpose of displaying rates or prices comparable to such
Reference Rate; 
"Relevant Time" means, for the purposes of a determination of a Reference Rate, the time (in
the place) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement corresponding
to such Reference Rate; 
"Reserved Matter" means any proposal to change any date fixed for payment of principal or
interest in respect of the Notes, to reduce the amount of principal or interest payable on any date
in respect of the Notes, to alter the method of calculating the amount of any payment in respect
of the Notes or the date for any such payment, to change the currency of any payment under the
Notes or to change the quorum requirements relating to meetings or the majority required to
pass an Extraordinary Resolution; 
"SARON", in respect of any Zurich Banking Day, means the Swiss Average Rate Overnight
rate administered by SIX Financial Information AG (or any successor administrator) for such
Zurich Banking Day as provided by the administrator of such rate to authorised distributors and
as then published on the Relevant Screen Page or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as
otherwise published by the administrator of SARON or such authorised distributors, in each
case at or after 6.00 p.m. (Zurich time) (or any amended publication time as specified by the

--- Page 72 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
57 
administrator of such rate in the benchmark methodology) (or such other publication time as
specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement) on the same Zurich Banking
Day; 
"SARON Rate Cut-Off Date" means the date that is the number of Zurich Banking Days
specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement (or if none are specified, the
second Zurich Banking Day) prior to the Maturity Date or the redemption date, as applicable;
"Scheduled Maturity Date" means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms
or Pricing Supplement; 
"SOFR", in respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, means the rate
determined by the Determination Agent as: 
(i)
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate in respect of such U.S. Government Securities
Business Day as provided by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as the
administrator of such rate (or a successor administrator) on the Federal Reserve Bank of
New York's Website on or about 5:00 p.m. (New York time) on the U.S. Government
Securities Business Day immediately following such U.S. Government Securities
Business Day; or 
(ii)
if the Secured Overnight Financing Rate in respect of such U.S. Government Securities
Business Day does not appear as specified in paragraph (1), unless both a Benchmark
Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred, the
Secured Overnight Financing Rate in respect of the last U.S. Government Securities
Business Day for which such rate was published on the Federal Reserve Bank of New
York's Website; or 
(iii)
if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have
occurred, the provisions of Condition 6.8(iii) (Provisions specific to SOFR as a
Reference Rate – Effect of a Benchmark Transition Event) will apply; 
"SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date" means the date that is the second U.S. Government Securities
Business Day prior to the Maturity Date or the redemption date, as applicable; 
"SONIA", in respect of any London Banking Day, means the Sterling Overnight Index Average
rate administered by the Bank of England (or any successor administrator) for such London
Banking Day as provided by the administrator of such rate to authorised distributors and as then
published on the Relevant Screen Page or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as
otherwise published by such authorised distributors, in each case as of 9.00a.m. (London time)
(or any amended publication time as specified by the administrator of such rate in the benchmark
methodology) on the London Banking Day immediately following such London Banking Day; 
"SONIA Rate Cut-Off Date" means the date that is the number of London Banking Days
specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement (or if none are specified, the
second London Banking Day) prior to the Maturity Date or the redemption date, as applicable;
"Specified Currency" means the currency or currencies specified as such in the applicable
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement; 
"Specified Day(s)" means such number of Business Day(s), Clearing System Business Day(s)
or calendar days as specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement; 
"Specified Denomination(s)" means, in relation to Notes of any Series, the denomination or
denominations of such Notes specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing
Supplement and may be expressed as (a) currency amounts or (b) a currency amount and integral
multiples of a second currency amount in excess of such currency amount; 
"Specified Fixed Leg" means any of the following as specified in the applicable Final Terms
or Pricing Supplement: (a) the annual fixed leg; (b) the semi-annual fixed leg; (c) quarterly-
annual fixed leg; or (d) the quarterly-quarterly fixed leg; 
"Specified Office" has the meaning given to it in the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement;

--- Page 73 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
58 
"Specified Period" means a period specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing
Supplement; 
"Specified Rate" has the meaning given it in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement; 
"Specified Swap Rate" means any of the following as specified in the applicable Final Terms
or Pricing Supplement: (a) the swap rate; (b) the annual swap rate; (c) the semi-annual swap
rate; (d) the quarterly swap rate; (e) the quarterly-annual swap rate; or (f) the quarterly quarterly
swap rate; 
"Spread" has the value given to it in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement; 
"Subsidiary" means, in relation to any Person (the "first Person") at any particular time, any
other Person (the "second Person"): 
(a)
whose affairs and policies the first Person controls or has the power to control, whether
by ownership of share capital, contract, the power to appoint or remove members of
the governing body of the second Person or otherwise; or 
(b)
whose financial statements are, in accordance with applicable law and generally
accepted accounting principles, consolidated with those of the first Person; 
"TARGET System" means the Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross Settlement
Express Transfer (TARGET2) system or any successor thereto; 
"TARGET Settlement Day" means any day on which TARGET System is open for the
settlement of payments in euro; 
"Taxes" means any tax, duty, impost, levy, charge or contribution in the nature of taxation or
any withholding or deduction for or on account thereof, including (but not limited to) any
applicable stock exchange tax, turnover tax, stamp duty, stamp duty reserve tax and/or other
taxes chargeable or payable in connection with any redemption of a Note and/or payment of the
Redemption Amount; 
"Tokyo Banking Day" or "TBD" means any day on which commercial banks are open for
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in
Tokyo; 
"TONA", in respect of any Tokyo Banking Day, means the Tokyo Overnight Average Rate
administered by the Bank of Japan (or any successor administrator) for such Tokyo Banking
Day as provided by the administrator of such rate to authorised distributors and as then published
on the Relevant Screen Page or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise
published by the administrator of TONA or by such authorised distributors, in each case as of
approximately 10.00a.m. (Tokyo time) (or any amended publication time as specified by the
administrator of such rate in the benchmark methodology) on the Tokyo Banking Day
immediately following such Tokyo Banking Day; 
"TONA Rate Cut-Off Date" means the date that is the number of Tokyo Banking Days
specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement (or if none are specified, the
second Tokyo Banking Day) prior to the Maturity Date or the redemption date, as applicable;
"Trade Date" means, in relation to any Series of Notes, the date specified as such in the
applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement; 
"Treaty" means the Treaty establishing the European Union, as amended; 
"Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement" means the Benchmark Replacement excluding the
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment;
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day" means any day except for a Saturday, Sunday
or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that
the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for the purposes of
trading in U.S. government securities; 
"Zero Coupon Note" means a Note specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing
Supplement; and

--- Page 74 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
59 
"Zurich Banking Day" or "ZBD" means any day on which commercial banks are open for
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in
Zurich. 
2.2
Interpretation
In these Conditions: 
(a)
any reference to a numbered "Condition" shall be construed as a reference to the
relevant Condition; 
(b)
any reference to principal shall be deemed to include the Redemption Amount, any
additional amounts in respect of principal which may be payable under Condition 12
(Taxation), any premium payable in respect of a Note and any other amount in the
nature of principal payable pursuant to the Conditions; 
(c)
any reference to interest shall be deemed to include any additional amounts in respect
of interest which may be payable under Condition 12 (Taxation), and any other amount
in the nature of interest payable pursuant to the Conditions; 
(d)
references to Notes being "outstanding" shall be construed in accordance with the
Issue and Paying Agency Agreement; and 
(e)
if an expression is stated in Condition 2.1 (Definitions) to have the meaning given or
specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, but the applicable Final
Terms or Pricing Supplement gives no such meaning or specifies that such expression
is "not applicable", then such expression is not applicable to the Notes. 
3.
FORM AND TITLE 
3.1
Form: The Issuer will issue Notes in registered form. 
3.2
Notes
(a)
Form of Certificate: Notes may be in either individual certificate form or in global
certificate form. 
(b)
Title: Title to the Notes passes by registration in the Register which is kept by the
Registrar in accordance with the provisions of the Issue and Paying Agency
Agreement. A certificate (each a "Note Certificate") will be issued to each holder of
Notes in respect of its registered holding. Each Note Certificate will be numbered
serially with an identifying number which will be recorded in the Register. "Holder" 
and "holder" means, in the case of Notes, the person in whose name such Note is for
the time being registered in the Register (or, in the case of a joint holding, the first
named thereof) and "Noteholder" shall be construed accordingly. 
(c)
Interest: A Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note, an Inflation-Linked
Note, a Zero Coupon Note or a combination of any of the foregoing, depending upon
the Interest Basis shown in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement. 
(d)
Ownership: The holder of any Note shall (except as otherwise required by law) be
treated as its absolute owner for all purposes (whether or not it is overdue and
regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or any other interest therein, any writing
thereon or on the Note Certificate relating thereto (other than the endorsed form of
transfer) or any notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) and no Person shall be
liable for so treating such holder. 
(e)
Transfers: Subject to Conditions 3.2(h) (Closed Periods) and 3.2(i) (Regulations
concerning Transfers and Registration), a Note may be transferred upon surrender of
the relevant Note Certificate, with the endorsed form of transfer duly completed, at the
Specified Office of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent, together with such evidence
as the Registrar or (as the case may be) such Transfer Agent may reasonably require
to prove the title of the transferor and the authority of the individuals who have
executed the form of transfer; provided, however, that a Note may not be transferred
unless the principal amount of Note transferred and (where not all of the Notes held by
a holder are being transferred) the principal amount of the balance of Notes not
transferred are Specified Denominations. Where not all the Notes represented by the

--- Page 75 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
60 
surrendered Note Certificate are the subject of the transfer, a new Note Certificate in
respect of the balance of the Notes will be issued to the transferor. 
(f)
Registration and Delivery: Within five business days of the surrender of a Note
Certificate in accordance with Condition 3.2(e) (Transfers), the Registrar will register
the transfer in question and deliver a new Note Certificate of a like principal amount
to the Notes transferred to each relevant holder at its Specified Office or (as the case
may be) the Specified Office of any Transfer Agent or (at the request and risk of any
such relevant holder) by uninsured first class mail (airmail if overseas) to the address
specified for the purpose by such relevant holder. In this Condition 3.2(f) (Registration
and Delivery), "business day" means a day on which commercial banks are open for
general business (including dealings in foreign currencies) in the city where the
Registrar or (as the case may be) the relevant Transfer Agent has its Specified Office. 
(g)
No Charge: The transfer of a Note will be effected without charge by or on behalf of
the Issuer or the Registrar or any Transfer Agent but against such indemnity as the
Registrar or (as the case may be) such Transfer Agent may require in respect of any
tax or other duty of whatsoever nature which may be levied or imposed in connection
with such transfer. 
(h)
Closed Periods: Holders of Notes may not require transfers to be registered during the
period of 15 days ending on the due date for any payment of principal or interest in
respect of the Notes. 
(i)
Regulations concerning Transfers and Registration: All transfers of Notes and
entries on the Register are subject to the detailed regulations concerning the transfer of
Notes scheduled to the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement. The regulations may be
changed by the Issuer with the prior written approval of the Registrar. A copy of the
current regulations will be mailed (free of charge) by the Registrar to any holder of
Notes who requests in writing a copy of such regulations.
4.
STATUS
The Notes constitute part of the Issuer's senior debt and will rank pari passu with all of the
Issuer's other unsecured and unsubordinated debt. 
Morgan Stanley intends that the Notes will, when issued, constitute "loss-absorbing capacity" 
within the meaning of the final rules issued by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve
System and, accordingly, will have only those provisions described in this Base Prospectus that
will permit compliance thereof at such time of issuance. In this respect, Morgan Stanley is a
parent holding company and has no operations and depends on dividends, distributions and
other payments from its subsidiaries to fund its debt obligations (including Notes). Under a
support agreement that Morgan Stanley has entered with its material subsidiaries, upon the
occurrence of a resolution scenario, including a single-point-of-entry resolution strategy as
contemplated in its resolution plan, Morgan Stanley would be obligated to contribute or loan on
a subordinated basis all of its material assets, other than shares in its subsidiaries and certain
intercompany payables, to provide capital and liquidity, as applicable, to its material
subsidiaries. That obligation will be secured, in accordance with an amended and restated
secured support agreement, on a senior basis by Morgan Stanley's assets (other than shares in
its subsidiaries). As a result, claims of Morgan Stanley's material subsidiaries against its assets
(other than shares in its subsidiaries) will be effectively senior to its unsecured obligations,
including Notes which would be at risk of absorbing Morgan Stanley's and its subsidiaries'
losses. 
5.
FIXED RATE NOTE PROVISIONS 
5.1
Application: This Condition 5 (Fixed Rate Note Provisions) is applicable to the Notes only if
the Fixed Rate Note Provisions are specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing
Supplement as being applicable in each case, in respect of an Interest Period and/or Interest
Payment Date(s). 
5.2
Fixed Interest Rate: The Rate of Interest in respect of each Interest Period and/or Interest
Payment Date which is subject to the Fixed Rate Note Provisions will be the Fixed Interest Rate.
A different Fixed Interest Rate may apply in respect of different Interest Periods and/or Interest
Payment Dates, as specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement. If a Rate of

--- Page 76 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
61 
Interest or a Reference Rate for any period or any relevant day is specified in the Conditions or
in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement to be a "Fixed Interest Rate", the relevant
Rate of Interest or Reference Rate will be determined in accordance with the provisions set out
in this Condition 5 (Fixed Rate Note Provisions). 
5.3
Accrual of Interest: The Notes bear interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement
Date at the Rate(s) of Interest. Interest will be payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date,
subject as provided in Condition 11 (Payments). Each Note will cease to bear interest from the
date for its final redemption, unless upon such date, the Redemption Amount remains unpaid
when due and payable, in which case it will continue to bear interest on unpaid amounts in
accordance with this Condition 5 (Fixed Rate Note Provisions) (as well after as before
judgment) until the day on which the Redemption Amount has been paid or duly made available
for payment. 
5.4
Fixed Coupon Amount: If "Fixed Coupon Amount" is specified as applicable in the applicable
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, the amount of interest payable in respect of each Note on
each Interest Payment Date shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount and, if the Notes are in
more than one Specified Denomination, shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount in respect
of the relevant Specified Denomination, provided that, if a Broken Amount is specified in the
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement as applicable in respect of an Interest Payment Date in
respect of each Calculation Amount, the Interest Amount payable on such Interest Payment
Date in respect of such Note per Calculation Amount shall be the Broken Amount. 
Different Fixed Coupon Amounts may apply in respect of different Interest Periods and/or
Interest Payment Dates, as specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement.
5.5
Calculation of Interest: If "Fixed Coupon Amount" is specified as not applicable in the
applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, the amount of interest payable in respect of each
Note in respect of any Interest Period shall be an amount per Calculation Amount calculated by
applying the Rate of Interest to the Calculation Amount, multiplying the product by the
applicable Day Count Fraction and rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the
Specified Currency (half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards). For this purpose, a
"sub-unit" means, in the case of any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such
currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, in the case of euro,
means one cent. 
5.6
Day Count Fraction: The relevant day count fraction shall be determined in accordance with
the definition of "Day Count Fraction" set out in Condition 2.1 (Definitions). 
6.
FLOATING RATE NOTE PROVISIONS 
6.1
Application: This Condition 6 (Floating Rate Note Provisions) is applicable to the Notes only
if one or more of the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the applicable Final Terms
or Pricing Supplement as being applicable, in each case, in respect of an Interest Period and/or
Interest Payment Date(s). 
6.2
Floating Interest Rate: The Rate of Interest in respect of each Interest Period and/or Interest
Payment Date which is subject to the Floating Rate Note Provisions will be the Floating Interest
Rate. A different Floating Interest Rate may apply in respect of different Interest Periods and/or
Interest Payment Dates, as specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement. If a
Rate of Interest or a Reference Rate for any period or any relevant day is specified in the
Conditions or in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement to be a "Floating Interest 
Rate", the relevant Rate of Interest or Reference Rate will be determined in accordance with
the provisions set out in Condition 6.5 (Screen Rate Determination), Condition 6.6 (ISDA
Determination), Condition 6.7 (CMS Rate Determination), Condition 6.8 (Provisions specific
to SOFR as Reference Rate), Condition 6.9 (Provisions specific to SONIA as Reference Rate),
Condition 6.10 (Provisions specific to €STR as Reference Rate), Condition 6.11 (Provisions
specific to SARON as Reference Rate) or Condition 6.12 (Provisions specific to TONA as
Reference Rate), as specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement. 
6.3
Accrual of Interest: Each Floating Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest
Commencement Date at the Floating Interest Rate in respect of each Interest Period (each being
a "Rate of Interest" in respect of Floating Rate Notes) payable in arrear on each Interest
Payment Date, subject as provided in Condition 11 (Payments). Each Note will cease to bear

--- Page 77 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
62 
interest from the date for its final redemption unless, upon such date, the Redemption Amount
remains unpaid when due and payable, in which case it will continue to bear interest on unpaid
amounts in accordance with this Condition 6 (Floating Rate Note Provisions) (as well after as
before judgment) until the day on which the Redemption Amount has been paid or duly made
available for payment. The Rate of Interest in respect of all or any Interest Periods shall, if so
specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, be zero. 
6.4
Linear Interpolation: In respect of any Notes for which the Floating Rate Notes Provisions are
applicable, if "Linear Interpolation" is specified to be applicable in respect of any Interest
Period, the Floating Interest Rate for such Interest Period shall be determined by the
Determination Agent through the use of straight-line interpolation by reference to: 
(a)
if "Screen Rate Determination" is specified as the manner in which the Floating
Interest Rate is to be determined, two rates based on the relevant Reference Rate ,one
of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time, for
which rates are available, next shorter than the length of such Interest Period and the
other of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of
time, for which rates are available, next longer than the length of such Interest Period; 
(b)
if "ISDA Determination" is specified as the manner in which the Floating Interest Rate
is to be determined, unless either "2006 ISDA Definitions Linear Interpolation" or
"2021 ISDA Definitions Linear Interpolation" is specified as applicable in the relevant
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, two rates based on the relevant Floating Rate
Option one of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period
of time, for which rates are available, next shorter than the length of such Interest
Period and the other of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were
the period of time, for which rates are available, next longer than the length of such
Interest Period; and 
(c)
if "CMS Rate Determination" is specified as the manner in which the Floating Interest
Rate is to be determined, two rates based on the relevant CMS Reference Rate one of
which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time, for
which rates are available, next shorter than the length of such Interest Period and the
other of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of
time, for which rates are available, next longer than the length of such Interest Period. 
6.5
Screen Rate Determination: Subject to Condition 6.8 (Provisions specific to SOFR as
Reference Rate), Condition 6.9 (Provisions specific to SONIA as Reference Rate), Condition
6.10 (Provisions Specific to €STR as Reference Rate), Condition 6.11 (Provisions specific to
SARON as Reference Rate), Condition 6.12 (Provisions specific to TONA as Reference Rate),
Condition 6.17 (Relevant Rates Benchmark Discontinuance or Prohibition on Use), where such
provisions are specified to apply in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, Condition
6.18 (Effect of Benchmark Transition Event), Condition 6.19 (CMS Reference Rate – Effect of
Benchmark Transition Event and Benchmark Amendment Event) or Condition 6.20 (General
Fallback Arrangements), if "Screen Rate Determination" is specified in the applicable Final
Terms or Pricing Supplement as the manner in which a Floating Interest Rate is to be
determined, the Floating Interest Rate for an Interest Period or any relevant day (each a
"Relevant Day") will be the Screen Rate for such Interest Period or such Relevant Day, plus
or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement) the Margin (if any
is specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement in relation to such Screen Rate),
and multiplied by the Interest Participation Rate (if any is specified in the applicable Final Terms
or Pricing Supplement in relation to such Screen Rate). 
The Screen Rate applicable to the Notes for an Interest Period or a Relevant Day will be
determined by the Determination Agent on the following basis: 
(a)
if the Reference Rate is a composite quotation or customarily supplied by one entity,
the Screen Rate will be the Reference Rate which appears on the Relevant Screen Page
as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date in respect of such
Interest Period or such Relevant Day, as determined by the Determination Agent; 
(b)
in any other case, the Screen Rate will be the arithmetic mean of the Reference Rates
which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant

--- Page 78 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
63 
Interest Determination Date in respect of such Interest Period or such Relevant Day,
as determined by the Determination Agent; 
(c)
if, in the case of Condition 6.5(a) (Screen Rate Determination), such rate does not
appear on that page or, in the case of Condition 6.5(b) (Screen Rate Determination),
fewer than two such rates appear on that page or if, in either case, the Relevant Screen
Page is unavailable, the Determination Agent will: 
(i)
request the principal Relevant Financial Centre office of each of the
Reference Banks to provide a quotation of the Reference Rate at
approximately the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date in
respect of such Interest Period or such Relevant Day to prime banks in the
Relevant
Financial
Centre
interbank
market
in
an
amount
that
is
representative for a single transaction in that market at that time; and 
(ii)
determine the arithmetic mean of such quotations; and 
(d)
if fewer than two such quotations are provided as requested, the Determination Agent
will determine the arithmetic mean of the rates (being the nearest to the Reference
Rate, as determined by the Determination Agent) quoted by major banks in the
Principal Financial Centre of the Specified Currency, selected by the Determination
Agent, at approximately 11:00 a.m. (local time in the Principal Financial Centre of the
Specified Currency) on the first day of the relevant Interest Period for loans in the
Specified Currency to leading European banks for a period equal to the relevant
Interest Period or for a Relevant Day and in an amount that is representative for a single
transaction in that market at that time,
and the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be the sum of the Margin and the rate or
(as the case may be) the arithmetic mean so determined, provided, however, that, if the
Determination Agent is unable to determine a rate or (as the case may be) an arithmetic mean
in accordance with the above provisions in relation to any Interest Period or any Relevant Day,
the Screen Rate applicable to the Notes in respect of such Interest Period or such Relevant Day
will be the rate (or as the case may be) the arithmetic mean last determined in relation to the
Notes in respect of a preceding Interest Period or Relevant Day. 
6.6
ISDA Determination: Subject to Condition 6.17 (Relevant Rates Benchmark Discontinuance
or Prohibition on Use), where such provisions are specified to apply in the applicable Final
Terms or Pricing Supplement, Condition 6.18 (Effect of Benchmark Transition Event),
Condition 6.19 (CMS Reference Rate – Effect of Benchmark Transition Event and Benchmark
Amendment Event) or
Condition
6.20
(General Fallback Arrangements), if "ISDA
Determination" is specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement as the manner
in which a Floating Interest Rate is to be determined, the Floating Interest Rate applicable to
the Notes for each Interest Period will be the relevant ISDA Rate, plus or minus (as indicated
in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement) the Margin (if any is specified in the
applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement in relation to such ISDA Rate), and multiplied
by the Interest Participation Rate (if any is specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing
Supplement in relation to such ISDA Rate). The "ISDA Rate" in relation to any Interest Period,
means a rate equal to the Floating Rate (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) that would be
determined by the Determination Agent under an interest rate swap transaction if the
Determination Agent were acting as calculation agent for that interest rate swap transaction
under the terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under which: 
(a)
if "2006 ISDA Definitions" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing
Supplement: 
(i)
the Floating Rate Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is as specified in the
applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement; 
(ii)
except in the case of Overnight Floating Rate Options (as defined in the ISDA
Definitions), the Designated Maturity (as defined in the ISDA Definitions), if applicable,
is a period specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement;
(iii)
the relevant Reset Date (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is either (A) if the relevant
Floating Rate Option is based on the London inter-bank offered rate (LIBOR) for a

--- Page 79 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
64 
currency, the first day of that Interest Period or (B) in any other case, as specified in the
applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement; 
(iv)
if an Overnight Floating Rate Option is specified as applicable in the relevant Final
Terms or Pricing Supplement and: 
(A)
an Overnight Rate Compounding Method (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is
specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement: 
(1)
OIS Compounding is applicable if specified in the relevant Final Terms or
Pricing Supplement and, if so, Daily Capped Rate and/or Daily Floored
Rate are applicable if specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing
Supplement and, if so, the Daily Capped Rate and the Daily Floored Rate
are the rates specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing
Supplement;
(2)
Compounding with Lookback is applicable if specified in the relevant
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement and, if so, (a) Lookback is the number
of Applicable Business Days specified in the applicable Final Terms or
Pricing Supplement or, if not so specified in the applicable Final Terms or
Pricing Supplement, in the ISDA Definitions, and (b) Daily Capped Rate
and/or Daily Floored Rate are applicable if specified in the relevant Final
Terms or Pricing Supplement and, if so, the Daily Capped Rate and the
Daily Floored Rate are the rates specified in the applicable Final Terms or
Pricing Supplement; 
(3)
Compounding with Observation Period Shift is applicable if specified in
the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement and, if so, (a) Set-in-
Advance is applicable if specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or
Pricing Supplement, (b) Observation Period Shift is the number of
Observation Period Shift Business Days specified in the applicable Final
Terms or Pricing Supplement or, if not so specified in the applicable Final
Terms or Pricing Supplement, in the ISDA Definitions, (c) Observation
Period Shift Additional Business Days are the days, if any, specified as
such in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement and (d) Daily
Capped Rate and/or Daily Floored Rate are applicable if specified in the
relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement and, if so, the Daily Capped
Rate and the Daily Floored Rate are the rates specified in the applicable
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement; or 
(4)
Compounding with Lockout is applicable if specified in the relevant Final
Terms or Pricing Supplement and, if so, (a) Lockout is the number of
Lockout Period Business Days specified in the applicable Final Terms or
Pricing Supplement or , if not so specified in the applicable Final Terms
or Pricing Supplement, in the ISDA Definitions, (b) Lockout Period
Business Days are the days specified as such in the applicable Final Terms
or Pricing Supplement or, if not so specified in the applicable Final Terms
or Pricing Supplement, in the ISDA Definitions and (c) Daily Capped Rate
and/or Daily Floored Rate are applicable if specified in the relevant Final
Terms or Pricing Supplement and, if so, the Daily Capped Rate and the
Daily Floored Rate are the rates specified in the applicable Final Terms or
Pricing Supplement; or 
(B)
an Overnight Rate Averaging Method (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is
specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement: 
(1)
Overnight Averaging is applicable if specified in the relevant Final Terms
or Pricing Supplement and, if so, Daily Capped Rate and/or Daily Floored
Rate are applicable if specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing
Supplement and, if so, the Daily Capped Rate and the Daily Floored Rate

--- Page 80 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
65 
are the rates specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing
Supplement;
(2)
Averaging with Lookback is applicable if specified in the relevant Final
Terms or Pricing Supplement and, if so, (a) Lookback is the number of
Applicable Business Days specified in the applicable Final Terms or
Pricing Supplement or, if not so specified in the applicable Final Terms or
Pricing Supplement, in the ISDA Definitions and (b) Daily Capped Rate
and/or Daily Floored Rate are applicable if specified in the relevant Final
Terms or Pricing Supplement and, if so, the Daily Capped Rate and the
Daily Floored Rate are the rates specified in the applicable Final Terms or
Pricing Supplement; 
(3)
Averaging with Observation Period Shift is applicable if specified in the
relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement and, if so, (a) Set-in-Advance
is applicable if specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing
Supplement, (b) Observation Period Shift is the number of Observation
Period Shift Business Days specified in the applicable Final Terms or
Pricing Supplement or, if not so specified in the applicable Final Terms or
Pricing Supplement, in the ISDA Definitions, (c) Observation Period Shift
Additional Business Days are the days, if any, specified as such in the
applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement and (d) Daily Capped Rate
and/or Daily Floored Rate are applicable if specified in the applicable
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement and, if so, the Daily Capped Rate and
the Daily Floored Rate are the rates specified in the applicable Final Terms
or Pricing Supplement; or 
(4)
Averaging with Lockout is applicable if specified in the relevant Final
Terms or Pricing Supplement and, if so, (a) Lockout is the number of
Lockout Period Business Days specified in the applicable Final Terms or
Pricing Supplement or, if not so specified in the applicable Final Terms or
Pricing Supplement, in the ISDA Definitions, (b) Lockout Period Business
Days are the days specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing
Supplement or, if not so specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing
Supplement, in the ISDA Definitions and (c) Daily Capped Rate and/or
Daily Floored Rate are applicable if specified in the relevant Final Terms
or Pricing Supplement and, if so, the Daily Capped Rate and the Daily
Floored Rate are the rates specified in the applicable Final Terms or
Pricing Supplement;
(v)
if an Index Floating Rate Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is specified as
applicable in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement and an Index Method (as
defined in the ISDA Definitions) is specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing
Supplement: 
(A)
Compounded Index Method is applicable if specified in the relevant Final Terms
or Pricing Supplement; or 
(B)
Compounded Index Method with Observation Period Shift is applicable if
specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement and, if so, (a) Set-in-
Advance is applicable if specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing
Supplement, (b) Observation Period Shift is the number of Observation Period
Shift Business Days specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing
Supplement or, if not so specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing
Supplement, in the ISDA Definitions and (c) Observation Period Shift Additional
Business Days are the days, if any, specified as such in the applicable Final Terms
or Pricing Supplement;
(vi)
in connection with any Overnight Rate Compounding Method, Overnight Rate
Averaging Method or Index Method specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing
Supplement, references in the ISDA Definitions to: (1) numbers, financial centers or

--- Page 81 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
66 
other items specified in the Confirmation shall be deemed to be references to the
numbers, financial centers or other items specified for such purpose in the relevant Final
Terms or Pricing Supplement; (2) "Business Day in the financial centers, if any,
specified for such purpose in the Confirmation" shall be deemed to be references to
Business Day; (3) "Calculation Period" shall be deemed to be references to the relevant
Interest Period; (4) "Floating Rate Day Count Fraction" shall be deemed to be references
to Day Count Fraction; (5) "Period End Date" shall be deemed to be references to the
relevant Interest Period End Date; (6) "Termination Date" shall be deemed to be
references to the final Interest Period End Date; and (7) "Effective Date" shall be deemed
to be references to the Interest Commencement Date;
(vii)
Delayed Payment is applicable if specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing
Supplement and the relevant delay is the number of Business Days specified in respect
of Delayed Payment in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement;
(viii)
Section 8.3 (Linear Interpolation) of the ISDA Definitions is deemed to be deleted unless
"2006 ISDA Definitions Linear Interpolation" is specified as applicable in the relevant
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement; and 
(ix)
Section 4.14 (Calculation Agent) is deemed to be amended by the deletion of the words
"Whenever the Calculation Agent is required to act, make a determination or to exercise
judgment in any other way, it will do so in good faith and in a commercially reasonable
manner.";
(b)
if "2021 ISDA Definitions" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing
Supplement: 
(i)
the Floating Rate Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is as specified in the
applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement; 
(ii)
except in the case of Overnight Floating Rate Options (as defined in the ISDA
Definitions), the Designated Maturity (as defined in the ISDA Definitions), if applicable,
is a period specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement;
(iii)
the relevant Reset Date (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is either (A) if the relevant
Floating Rate Option is based on the London inter-bank offered rate (LIBOR) for a
currency, the first day of that Interest Period or (B) in any other case, as specified in the
applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement;
(iv)
if an Overnight Floating Rate Option is specified as applicable in the relevant Final
Terms or Pricing Supplement and: 
(A)
an Overnight Rate Compounding Method (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is
specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement: 
(1)
OIS Compounding is applicable if specified in the relevant Final Terms or
Pricing Supplement and, if so, Daily Capped Rate and/or Daily Floored
Rate are applicable if specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing
Supplement and, if so, the Daily Capped Rate and the Daily Floored Rate
are the rates specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing
Supplement;
(2)
Compounding with Lookback is applicable if specified in the relevant
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement and, if so, (a) Lookback is the number
of Applicable Business Days specified in the relevant Final Terms or
Pricing Supplement or, if not so specified in the relevant Final Terms or
Pricing Supplement, in the ISDA Definitions and (b) Daily Capped Rate
and/or Daily Floored Rate are applicable if specified in the relevant Final
Terms or Pricing Supplement and, if so, the Daily Capped Rate and the
Daily Floored Rate are the rates specified in the relevant Final Terms or
Pricing Supplement;

--- Page 82 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
67 
(3)
Compounding with Observation Period Shift is applicable if specified in
the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement and, if so, Set-in-Advance
is applicable if specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing
Supplement and, if so, (a) Set-in-Advance is applicable if specified as such
in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, (b) Observation Period
Shift is the number of Observation Period Shift Business Days specified
in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement or, if not so specified
in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, in the ISDA
Definitions, (c) Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days are the
days, if any, specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing
Supplement and (d) Daily Capped Rate and/or Daily Floored Rate are
applicable if specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement
and, if so, the Daily Capped Rate and the Daily Floored Rate are the rates
specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement; 
(4)
Compounding with Lockout is applicable if specified in the relevant Final
Terms or Pricing Supplement and, if so, (a) Lockout is the number of
Lockout Period Business Days specified in the applicable Final Terms or
Pricing Supplement or, if not so specified in the applicable Final Terms or
Pricing Supplement, in the ISDA Definitions, (b) Lockout Period Business
Days are the days specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing
Supplement or , if not so specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing
Supplement, in the ISDA Definitions and (c) Daily Capped Rate and/or
Daily Floored Rate are applicable if specified in the relevant Final Terms
or Pricing Supplement and, if so, the Daily Capped Rate and the Daily
Floored Rate are the rates specified in the applicable Final Terms or
Pricing Supplement; or 
(5)
unless an Overnight Rate Compounding Method in sub-paragraphs (1) to
(4) above is applicable, in respect of an Overnight Floating Rate Option in
the Floating Rate Matrix (as defined in the ISDA Definitions), any other
method of compounding an overnight rate that is set out in the column
entitled "Category/Style" in the Floating Rate Matrix is applicable; or 
(B)
an Overnight Rate Averaging Method (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is
specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement: 
(1)
Overnight Averaging is applicable if specified in the relevant Final Terms
or Pricing Supplement and, if so, Daily Capped Rate and/or Daily Floored
Rate are applicable if specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing
Supplement and, if so, the Daily Capped Rate and the Daily Floored Rate
are the rates specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing
Supplement; 
(2)
Averaging with Lookback is applicable if specified in the relevant Final
Terms or Pricing Supplement and, if so, (a) Lookback is the number of
Applicable Business Days specified in the applicable Final Terms or
Pricing Supplement or, if not so specified in the applicable Final Terms or
Pricing Supplement, in the ISDA Definitions and (b) Daily Capped Rate
and/or Daily Floored Rate are applicable if specified in the relevant Final
Terms or Pricing Supplement and, if so, the Daily Capped Rate and the
Daily Floored Rate are the rates specified in the applicable Final Terms or
Pricing Supplement; 
(3)
Averaging with Observation Period Shift is applicable if specified in the
relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement and, if so, Set-in-Advance is
applicable if specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing
Supplement and, if so, (a) Set-in-Advance is applicable if specified as such
in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, (b) Observation Period
Shift is the number of Observation Period Shift Business Days specified
in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement or, if not so specified

--- Page 83 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
68 
in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, in the ISDA
Definitions, (c) Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days are the
days, if any, specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing
Supplement and (d) Daily Capped Rate and/or Daily Floored Rate are
applicable if specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement
and, if so, the Daily Capped Rate and the Daily Floored Rate are the rates
specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement; 
(4)
Averaging with Lockout is applicable if specified in the relevant Final
Terms or Pricing Supplement and, if so, (a) Lockout is the number of
Lockout Period Business Days specified in the applicable Final Terms or
Pricing Supplement or, if not so specified in the applicable Final Terms or
Pricing Supplement, in the ISDA Definitions, (b) Lockout Period Business
Days are the days specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing
Supplement or, if not so specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing
Supplement, in the ISDA Definitions and (c) Daily Capped Rate and/or
Daily Floored Rate are applicable if specified in the relevant Final Terms
or Pricing Supplement and, if so, the Daily Capped Rate and the Daily
Floored Rate are the rates specified in the applicable Final Terms or
Pricing Supplement; or 
(5)
unless an Overnight Rate Averaging Method in sub-paragraphs (1) to (4)
above is applicable, in respect of an Overnight Floating Rate Option in the
Floating Rate Matrix, any other method of averaging an overnight rate that
is set out in the column entitled "Category/Style" in the Floating Rate
Matrix is applicable;
(v)
if an Index Floating Rate Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is specified as
applicable in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement and an Index Method is
specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement: 
(A)
Standard Index Method is applicable if specified in the relevant Final Terms or
Pricing Supplement; 
(B)
Compounded Index Method is applicable if specified in the relevant Final Terms
or Pricing Supplement; or 
(C)
Compounded Index Method with Observation Period Shift is applicable if
specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement and, if so, (a) Set-in-
Advance is applicable if specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing
Supplement, (b) Observation Period Shift is the number of Observation Period
Shift Business Days specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing
Supplement or, if not so specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing
Supplement, in the ISDA Definitions and (c) Observation Period Shift Additional
Business Days are the days, if any, specified as such in the applicable Final Terms
or Pricing Supplement;
(vi)
in connection with any Overnight Rate Compounding Method, Overnight Rate
Averaging Method or Index Method specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing
Supplement, references in the ISDA Definitions to: (1) numbers, financial centers or
other items specified in the Confirmation shall be deemed to be references to the
numbers, financial centers or other items specified for such purpose in the relevant Final
Terms or Pricing Supplement; (2) "Business Day in the financial centers, if any,
specified for such purpose in the Confirmation" shall be deemed to be references to
Business Day; (3) "Calculation Period" shall be deemed to be references to the relevant
Interest Period; (4) "Floating Rate Day Count Fraction" shall be deemed to be references
to Day Count Fraction; (5) "Period End Date" shall be deemed to be references to the
relevant Interest Period End Date; (6) "Termination Date" shall be deemed to be
references to the final Interest Period End Date; and (7) "Effective Date" shall be deemed
to be references to the Interest Commencement Date;

--- Page 84 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
69 
(vii)
Delayed Payment is applicable if specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing
Supplement and the relevant delay is the number of Business Days specified in respect
of Delayed Payment in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement; 
(viii)
Period End Date/ Termination Date adjustment for Unscheduled Holiday (as defined in
the 2021 ISDA Definitions) will apply if specified in the applicable Final Terms or
Pricing Supplement to be applicable; 
(ix)
Non-Representative (as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions) will apply if specified in
the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement to be applicable; 
(x)
Successor Benchmark and Successor Benchmark Effective Date (as defined in the 2021
ISDA Definitions) will be as specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing
Supplement;
(xi)
if any fallbacks would otherwise be required to be determined in accordance with Section
8.6 (Generic Fallback Provisions) of the ISDA Definitions, such fallbacks shall not be
so determined, but shall instead be determined in accordance with Condition 6.17
(Relevant Rates Benchmark Discontinuance or Prohibition on Use), where such
provisions are specified to apply in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement,
Condition 6.19 (CMS Reference Rate - Effect of Benchmark Transition Event and
Benchmark Amendment Event), where the Relevant Rates Benchmark is the CMS
Reference Rate, or Condition 6.20 (General Fallback Arrangements) and the ISDA
Definitions shall be construed accordingly; 
(xii)
Sections 1.2.2 (Calculation Agent Standard) and 1.2.4 (Determinations by Calculation
Agent) of the ISDA Definitions are deemed to be deleted;
(xiii)
Section 6.10 (Linear Interpolation) of the ISDA Definitions is deemed to be deleted
unless "2021 ISDA Definitions Linear Interpolation" is specified as applicable in the
relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement; and 
(xiv)
in any circumstance where the ISDA Definitions provide for anything to be determined
by agreement between the parties or a discretion is given thereunder to the Calculation
Agent to make any determination, the Determination Agent will make such
determination or exercise such discretion. 
6.7
CMS Rate Determination: Subject to Condition 6.19 (CMS Reference Rate – Effect of
Benchmark
Transition
Event
and
Benchmark
Amendment
Event),
if "CMS
Rate
Determination" is specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement as the manner
in which a Floating Interest Rate is to be determined, the Floating Interest Rate applicable to
the Notes for each Interest Period will be the relevant CMS Interest Rate determined in
accordance with Condition 6.7(a) (Single CMS Rate) or (b) (Spread CMS Rate), as applicable. 
(a)
Single CMS Rate 
If the CMS Interest Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement to be
"Single CMS Rate", the CMS Interest Rate in respect of an Interest Period or any relevant day
will be equal to the CMS Reference Rate for such Interest Period or such relevant day, plus or
minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement) the Margin (if any is
specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement in relation to such CMS
Reference Rate), and multiplied by the Interest Participation Rate (if any is specified in the
applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement in relation to such CMS Reference Rate). 
(b)
Spread CMS Rate 
If the CMS Interest Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement to be
"Spread CMS Rate", the CMS Interest Rate in respect of an Interest Period or any relevant
day will be equal to (1) CMS Reference Rate 1 for such Interest Period or such relevant day,
plus or minus (as specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement) Margin 1 (if
any is specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement in relation to such CMS
Reference Rate 1), and multiplied by Interest Participation Rate 1 (if any is specified in the

--- Page 85 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
70 
applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement in relation to such CMS Reference Rate 1), minus
(2) CMS Reference Rate 2 for such Interest Period or such relevant day, plus or minus (as
specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement) Margin 2 (if any is specified in
the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement in relation to such CMS Reference Rate 2),
and multiplied by Interest Participation Rate 2 (if any is specified in the applicable Final Terms
or Pricing Supplement in relation to such CMS Reference Rate 2). 
(c)
Determination of CMS Reference Rate 
The CMS Reference Rate in respect of an Interest Period or any relevant day (as applicable)
will be the Specified Swap Rate for swap transactions in the Reference Currency with a maturity
of the Designated Maturity (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) (the "Relevant Swap 
Rate") which appears on the Relevant Screen Page as at the Relevant Time on the Interest
Determination Date in respect of such Interest Period or such relevant day, all as determined by
the Determination Agent. If the Relevant Swap Rate does not appear on the Relevant Screen
Page at the Relevant Time, the CMS Reference Rate in respect of an Interest Period or a relevant
day (as applicable) will be determined by the Determination Agent in accordance with the first
applicable Fallback Rate Determination that provides a CMS Reference Rate, and if the
applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement specify: 
(i)
"Fallback Screen Page" to be applicable, the Determination Agent will,
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determine an
alternative or successor page or publication to the Relevant Screen Page for
the Relevant Swap Rate; 
(ii)
"Mid-Market Quotations" to be applicable, the Determination Agent will
determine the CMS Reference Rate on the basis of the arithmetic mean of the
Mid-Market Quotations provided by the Reference Banks at approximately
the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date in respect of such
Interest Period or such day by requesting the principal Relevant Financial
Centre office of each of the Reference Banks to provide Mid-Market
Quotations. If at least five Mid-Market Quotations are provided, the
Determination Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of such Mid-Market
Quotations provided by discarding the highest of such Mid-Market
Quotations (or in event of equality, one of the highest) and lowest of such
Mid-Market Quotations (or in event of equality, one of the lowest). If four
Mid-Market Quotations are provided, the Determination Agent will
determine the arithmetic mean of such Mid-Market Quotations provided. If
less than four Mid-Market Quotations are provided, the next Fallback Rate
Determination specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement
will apply, or if none is specified, Determination Agent Fallback will apply.
All calculations of the arithmetic mean of the relevant number of Mid-Market
Quotations provided pursuant to this paragraph will be rounded to the nearest
one thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.0005 being rounded upwards;
and 
(iii)
"Determination Agent Fallback" to be applicable, the Determination Agent
will, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determine
the CMS Reference Rate by using available and relevant public information
and having regard to comparable benchmarks available.
If any Fallback Rate Determination(s) are specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing
Supplement, then only that or those (as the case may be) Fallback Rate Determinations shall
apply, and if two or more Fallback Rate Determinations are specified, those Fallback Rate
Determinations shall apply in the order as specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing
Supplement, such that if the Determination Agent determines that the CMS Reference Rate
cannot be determined by applying a Fallback Rate Determination, then the next Fallback Rate
Determination specified shall apply. 
6.8
Provisions specific to SOFR as Reference Rate 
(i)
If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing
Supplement as the manner in which a Floating Interest Rate is to be determined and
SOFR is specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement as the Reference

--- Page 86 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
71 
Rate, the Floating Interest Rate for an Interest Period will be the relevant SOFR
Benchmark plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing
Supplement) the Margin (as specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing
Supplement), subject to a minimum of zero per cent. per annum 
(ii)
The "SOFR Benchmark" will be determined based on SOFR Compound with
Lookback, SOFR Compound with Observation Period Shift, SOFR Compound with
Payment Delay or SOFR Index Average, as follows: 
(1) if SOFR Compound with Lookback ("SOFR Compound with Lookback") is
specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, the
SOFR Benchmark for each Interest Period shall be equal to the rate of return of a
daily compound SOFR interest investment calculated in accordance with the
following formula (with the resulting percentage rounded, if necessary, to the
nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.000005 being
rounded upwards to 0.00001): 
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅𝑖−𝑥𝑈𝑆𝐵𝐷× 𝑛𝑖
360
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
] 𝑥360
𝑑
where: 
"d" means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period; 
"d0", for any Interest Period, means the number of U.S. Government Securities
Business Days in the relevant Interest Period; 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant U.S.
Government Securities Business Days in chronological order from, and including,
the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the relevant Interest Period; 
"Lookback Days" means the number of U.S. Government Securities Business
Days specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement; 
"ni" for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" in the relevant Interest
Period, means the number of calendar days from, and including, such day "i" up
to, but excluding, the following U.S. Government Securities Business Day ("i+1"); 
"SOFRi", for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" in the relevant
Interest Period, is equal to SOFR in respect of that day; and 
"SOFRi-xUSBD", for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" in the
relevant Interest Period, is equal to SOFR in respect of the U.S. Government
Securities Business Days falling a number of U.S. Government Securities Business
Days prior to that day "i" equal to the number of Lookback Days; 
(2) if SOFR Compound with Observation Period Shift ("SOFR Compound with 
Observation Period Shift") is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms
or Pricing Supplement, the SOFR Benchmark for each Interest Period shall be equal
to the rate of return of a daily compound SOFR interest investment calculated in
accordance with the following formula (with the resulting percentage rounded, if
necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, with
0.000005 being rounded upwards to 0.00001): 
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅𝑖× 𝑛𝑖
360
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
] 𝑥360
𝑑
where: 
"d" means the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation Period;

--- Page 87 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
72 
"d0", for any Observation Period, means the number of U.S. Government
Securities Business Days in the relevant Observation Period; 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant U.S.
Government Securities Business Days in chronological order from, and including,
the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the relevant Observation
Period; 
"ni" for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" in the relevant
Observation Period, means the number of calendar days from, and including, such
day "i" up to, but excluding, the following U.S. Government Securities Business
Day ("i+1"); 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of each Interest Period, the period from,
and including, the date falling a number of U.S. Government Securities Business
Days equal to the Observation Shift Days preceding the first day of such Interest
Period to, but excluding, the date falling a number of U.S. Government Securities
Business Days equal to the Observation Shift Days preceding the Interest Period
End Date for such Interest Period; 
"Observation Shift Days" means the number of U.S. Government Securities
Business Days specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement; and 
"SOFRi", for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" in the relevant
Observation Period, is equal to SOFR in respect of that day;
(3) 
if SOFR Compound with Payment Delay ("SOFR Compound with Payment Delay") is
specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, the SOFR
Benchmark for each Interest Period shall be equal to the rate of return of a daily compound
SOFR interest investment calculated in accordance with the following formula (with the
resulting percentage rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a
percentage point, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards to 0.00001): 
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅𝑖× 𝑛𝑖
360
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
] 𝑥360
𝑑
where: 
"d" means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period;
"d0", for any Interest Period, means the number of U.S. Government Securities
Business Days in the relevant Interest Period; 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant U.S.
Government Securities Business Days in chronological order from, and including,
the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the relevant Interest Period; 
"ni" for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" in the relevant Interest
Period, means the number of calendar days from, and including, such day "i" up
to, but excluding, the following U.S. Government Securities Business Day ("i+1");
and 
"SOFRi", for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" in the relevant
Interest Period, is equal to SOFR in respect of that day.
Where "SOFR Compound with Payment Delay" applies, for the purposes of
calculating the SOFR Benchmark with respect to the final Interest Period, the level
of SOFR for each U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the period from
(and including) the SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date to (but excluding) the Maturity Date
or the redemption date, as applicable, shall be the level of SOFR in respect of such
SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date;
(4) 
if SOFR Index Average ("SOFR Index Average") is specified as applicable in the
relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, the SOFR Benchmark for each Interest Period
shall be equal to the rate of return of the SOFR Index calculated in accordance with the

--- Page 88 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
73 
following formula (with the resulting percentage rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one
hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards to
0.00001): 
( 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝐸𝑛𝑑
𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑆𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑡
−1) × (360
𝑑𝑐
)
where: 
"dc" means the number of calendar days from, and including, the SOFR IndexStart
to, but excluding, the SOFR IndexEnd; 
"SOFR Index Determination Time" means approximately 5:00 p.m. (New York
City time); 
"SOFR Index" means, in respect of any U.S Government Securities Business Day,
the SOFR Index value as published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York in
relation to such U.S. Government Securities Business Day, as such value appears
at the SOFR Index Determination Time on such U.S. Government Securities
Business Day on the Federal Reserve Bank of New York's Website, and appearing
on the Relevant Screen Page;
"SOFR IndexEnd" means the SOFR Index value on the date that is the number of
U.S. Government Securities Business Days specified in the applicable Final Terms
or Pricing Supplement preceding the Interest Period End Date relating to such
Interest Period (or in the final Interest Period, the Maturity Date or redemption
date); and 
"SOFR IndexStart" means the SOFR Index value on the date that is the number of
U.S. Government Securities Business Days specified in the applicable Final Terms
or Pricing Supplement preceding the first date of the relevant Interest Period. 
If the values for SOFR IndexStart or SOFR IndexEnd are not published on or by the
relevant Interest Determination Date and a Benchmark Transition Event and its
related Benchmark Replacement Date have not occurred, the "SOFR Index
Average" shall be calculated on such Interest Determination Date with respect to
the relevant Interest Period, in accordance with the formula set out in Condition
6.8(ii)(2) above and for such purpose, "Observation Shift Days" shall be the
number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days specified for such purpose
in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement. If a Benchmark Transition
Event and its related SOFR Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred, the
provisions set forth in paragraph (iii) below shall apply. 
(iii)
Effect of Benchmark Transition Event 
(A)
Benchmark Replacement. If the Issuer or its designee determines that a
Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have
occurred in respect of any determination of the Benchmark on any date, the
Benchmark Replacement will replace the then-current Benchmark for all
purposes relating to the Notes in respect of such determination on such date and
all determinations on all subsequent dates. 
(B)
Benchmark
Replacement
Conforming
Changes.
In
connection
with
the
implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the Issuer or its designee will have
the right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to
time. In no event shall the Calculation Agent be responsible for determining any
substitute for SOFR, or for making any adjustments to any alternative benchmark
or spread thereon, the business day convention, interest determination dates or
any other relevant methodology for calculating any such substitute or successor
benchmark. In connection with the foregoing, the Calculation Agent will be
entitled to conclusively rely on any determinations made by the Issuer or its
designee and will have no liability for such actions taken at the direction of the
Issuer or its designee.

--- Page 89 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
74 
(C)
Decisions and Determinations. Any determination, decision or election that may
be made by the Issuer or its designee pursuant to this Condition 6.8(iii) (Effect of
Benchmark Transition Event), including any determination with respect to a
tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event,
circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or
any selection, will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error, will be made
in the Issuer's or its designee's sole discretion, and, notwithstanding anything to
the contrary in the documentation relating to the Notes, shall become effective
without consent from the holders of the Notes or any other party. None of the
Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Registrar or the Transfer Agent will have
any liability for any determination made by or on behalf of the Issuer or its
designee in connection with a Benchmark Transition Event or a Benchmark
Replacement.
6.9
Provisions specific to SONIA as Reference Rate 
(i)
If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing
Supplement as the manner in which a Floating Interest Rate is to be determined and
SONIA is specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement as the
Reference Rate, the Floating Interest Rate for an Interest Period will be the relevant
SONIA Benchmark plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing
Supplement) the Margin (if any) (as specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing
Supplement), subject to a minimum of zero per cent. per annum 
(ii)
The "SONIA Benchmark" will be determined based on SONIA Compound with
Lookback, SONIA Compound with Observation Period Shift, SONIA Compound with
Payment Delay or SONIA Index Average, as follows: 
(1) if SONIA Compound with Lookback ("SONIA Compound with Lookback") is
specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, the
SONIA Benchmark for each Interest Period shall be equal to the rate of return of a
daily compound SONIA interest investment calculated in accordance with the
following formula (with the resulting percentage rounded, if necessary, to the
nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.000005 being
rounded upwards to 0.00001): 
(∏(1 + SONIA𝑖−pLBD × 𝑛𝑖
365
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
) × 365
𝑑
where: 
"d" means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period; 
"d0" for any Interest Period, means the number of London Banking Days in the
relevant Interest Period; 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant
London Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the first London
Banking Day in the relevant Interest Period; 
"Lookback Days" means the number of London Banking Days specified in the
applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement;
"ni" for any London Banking Day "i" in the relevant Interest Period, means the
number of calendar days from, and including, such day "i" up to, but excluding,
the following London Banking Day ("i+1"); and 
"SONIAi-pLBD" for any London Banking Day "i" in the relevant Interest Period,
is equal to the SONIA in respect of the London Banking Day falling a number of
London Banking Days prior to that day "i" equal to the number of Lookback Days; 
(2) if SONIA Compound with Observation Period Shift ("SONIA Compound with 
Observation Period Shift") is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms

--- Page 90 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
75 
or Pricing Supplement, the SONIA Benchmark for each Interest Period shall be
equal to the rate of return of a daily compound SONIA interest investment
calculated in accordance with the following formula (with the resulting percentage
rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point,
with 0.000005 being rounded upwards to 0.00001): 
(∏(1 +
SONIA𝑖× 𝑛𝑖
365
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
) ×
365
𝑑
where: 
"d" means the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation Period; 
"d0" for any Observation Period, means the number of London Banking Days in
the relevant Observation Period; 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant
London Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the first London
Banking Day in the relevant Observation Period; 
"ni" for any London Banking Day "i" in the relevant Observation Period, means
the number of calendar days from, and including, such day "i" up to, but excluding,
the following London Banking Day ("i+1"); 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of each Interest Period, the period from,
and including, the date falling a number of London Banking Days equal to the
Observation Shift Days preceding the first day of such Interest Period to, but
excluding, the date falling a number of London Banking Days equal to the
Observation Shift Days preceding the Interest Period End Date for such Interest
Period; 
"Observation Shift Days" means the number of London Banking Days specified
in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement; and 
"SONIAi" for any London Banking Day "i" in the relevant Observation Period, is
equal to SONIA in respect of that day "i"; 
(3) if SONIA Compound with Payment Delay ("SONIA Compound with Payment 
Delay") is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing
Supplement, the SONIA Benchmark for each Interest Period shall be equal to the
rate of return of a daily compound SONIA interest investment calculated in
accordance with the following formula (with the resulting percentage rounded, if
necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, with
0.000005 being rounded upwards to 0.00001): 
(∏(1 +
SONIA𝑖× 𝑛𝑖
365
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
) ×
365
𝑑
where: 
"d" means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period; 
"d0" for any Interest Period, means the number of London Banking Days in the
relevant Interest Period; 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant
London Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the first London
Banking Day in the relevant Interest Period; 
"ni" for any London Banking Day "i" in the relevant Interest Period, means the
number of calendar days from, and including, such day "i" up to, but excluding,
the following London Banking Day ("i+1"); and

--- Page 91 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
76 
"SONIAi" for any London Banking Day "i" in the relevant Interest Period, is equal
to SONIA in respect of that day "i". 
Where "SONIA Compound with Payment Delay" applies, for the purposes of
calculating the SONIA Benchmark with respect to the final Interest Period, the
level of SONIA for each London Banking Day in the period from (and including)
the SONIA Rate Cut-Off Date to (but excluding) the Maturity Date or the
redemption date, as applicable, shall be the level of SONIA in respect of such
SONIA Rate Cut-Off Date;
(4) if SONIA Index Average ("SONIA Index Average") is specified as applicable in
the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, the SONIA Benchmark for each
Interest Period shall be equal to the rate of return of the SONIA Index calculated in
accordance with the following formula (with the resulting percentage rounded, if
necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, with
0.000005 being rounded upwards to 0.00001): 
( 𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝐸𝑛𝑑
𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑆𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑡
−1) × (365
𝑑)
where: 
"d" means the number of calendar days from, and including, the SONIA IndexStart
to, but excluding, the SONIA IndexEnd; 
"Relevant Number" means the number specified as such in the applicable Final
Terms or Pricing Supplement (or, if no such number is specified, five); and 
"SONIA Index" means in respect of any London Banking Day, the SONIA
Compounded Index in relation to such London Banking Day as provided by the
Bank of England (or any successor) to authorised distributors and as then published
on the Relevant Screen Page, or if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as
otherwise published by such authorised distributors, in each case on such London
Banking Day.
If the value of either or both of SONIA IndexStart and SONIA IndexEnd is not
published or displayed on the Relevant Screen Page by the administrator of the
SONIA Index or other information service by 5.00 p.m. (London time) (or, if later,
by the time falling one hour after the customary or scheduled time for publication
thereof in accordance with the then-prevailing operational procedures of the
administrator of the SONIA Index or of such other information service, as the case
may be) on the relevant Interest Determination Date, the SONIA Benchmark for
the applicable Interest Period for which the SONIA Index is not available shall be
determined as set out under Condition 6.9(ii)(2) above as if SONIA Compound with
Observation Period Shift were specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms
or Pricing Supplement, and for these purposes: the Observation Shift Days in
respect of the applicable Interest Period for which the SONIA Index is not available
shall be deemed to be equal to the Relevant Number of London Banking Days plus
one (or such other number of London Banking Days as is specified for this purpose
in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement), as if such alternative
elections had been made in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement;
"SONIA IndexEnd" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the SONIA Index value
on the date that is the Relevant Number of London Banking Days preceding (a) the
Interest Payment Date relating to such Interest Period or (b) such other date on
which the relevant payment of interest falls due (but which by its definition or the
operation of the relevant provisions is excluded from such Interest Period); and 
"SONIA IndexStart" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the SONIA Index
value on the date that is the Relevant Number of London Banking Days preceding
the first date of the relevant Interest Period.
For the purposes of this Condition 6.9 (Provisions specific to SONIA as Reference Rate),
if SONIA in respect of any London Banking Day (the "Relevant London Banking Day")

--- Page 92 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
77 
is not published on the Relevant Screen Page or by an authorised distributor, and is not
otherwise provided by the administrator of SONIA, by either (A) the immediately
following London Banking Day (or any amended publication day for SONIA as specified
by the administrator of SONIA in the SONIA benchmark methodology) or (B) such other
date and time on which SONIA for the Relevant London Banking Day is required for the
purpose of any determination pursuant to the Conditions and, in either case, none of the
events triggering the fallbacks specified in Conditions 6.17 (Relevant Rates Benchmark
Discontinuance or Prohibition on Use) or 6.20 (General Fallback Arrangements) (as
applicable) have occurred, SONIA for the Relevant London Banking Day shall be deemed
to be the rate equal to SONIA for the most recent London Banking Day in respect of which
SONIA was so published or provided. 
6.10
Provisions specific to €STR as Reference Rate 
(i)
If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing
Supplement as the manner in which a Floating Interest Rate is to be determined and
€STR is specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement as the Reference
Rate, the Floating Interest Rate for an Interest Period will be the relevant €STR
Benchmark plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing
Supplement) the Margin (if any) (as specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing
Supplement), subject to a minimum of zero per cent. per annum 
(ii)
The "€STR Benchmark" will be determined based on €STR Compound with
Lookback, €STR Compound with Observation Period Shift, €STR Compound with
Payment Delay or €STR Index Average, as follows: 
(1) if €STR Compound with Lookback ("€STR Compound with Lookback") is
specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, the €STR
Benchmark for each Interest Period shall be equal to the rate of return of a daily
compound €STR interest investment calculated in accordance with the following
formula (with the resulting percentage rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one
hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards
to 0.00001): 
(∏(1 + €STR𝑖−pTBD × 𝑛𝑖
360
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
) × 360
𝑑
where: 
"d" means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period; 
"d0" for any Interest Period, means the number of TARGET Settlement Days in
the relevant Interest Period; 
"€STRi-pTBD" for any TARGET Settlement Day "i" in the relevant Interest Period,
is equal to €STR in respect of the TARGET Settlement Day falling a number of
TARGET Settlement Days prior to that day "i" equal to the number of Lookback
Days; 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant
TARGET Settlement Day in chronological order from, and including, the first
TARGET Settlement Day in the relevant Interest Period; 
"Lookback Days" means the number of TARGET Settlement Days specified in
the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement; and 
"ni" for any TARGET Settlement Day "i" in the relevant Interest Period, means
the number of calendar days from, and including, such day "i" up to, but excluding,
the following TARGET Settlement Day ("i+1"); 
(2) if €STR Compound with Observation Period Shift ("€STR Compound with 
Observation Period Shift") is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms
or Pricing Supplement, the €STR Benchmark for each Interest Period shall be equal

--- Page 93 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
78 
to the rate of return of a daily compound €STR interest investment calculated in
accordance with the following formula (with the resulting percentage rounded, if
necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, with
0.000005 being rounded upwards to 0.00001): 
(∏(1 +
€STR𝑖× 𝑛𝑖
360
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
) ×
360
𝑑
where: 
"d" means the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation Period; 
"d0" for any Observation Period, means the number of TARGET Settlement Days
in the relevant Observation Period; 
"€STRi" for any TARGET Settlement Day "i" in the relevant Observation Period,
is equal to €STR in respect of that day "i"; 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant
TARGET Settlement Day in chronological order from, and including, the first
TARGET Settlement Day in the relevant Observation Period; 
"ni" for any TARGET Settlement Day "i" in the relevant Observation Period,
means the number of calendar days from, and including, such day "i" up to, but
excluding, the following TARGET Settlement Day ("i+1"); 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of each Interest Period, the period from,
and including, the date falling a number of TARGET Settlement Days equal to the
Observation Shift Days preceding the first day of such Interest Period to, but
excluding, the date falling a number of TARGET Settlement Days equal to the
Observation Shift Days preceding the Interest Period End Date for such Interest
Period; and 
"Observation Shift Days" means the number of TARGET Settlement Days
specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement; 
(3) if €STR Compound with Payment Delay ("€STR Compound with Payment 
Delay") is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing
Supplement, the €STR Benchmark for each Interest Period shall be equal to the rate
of return of a daily compound €STR interest investment calculated in accordance
with the following formula (with the resulting percentage rounded, if necessary, to
the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.000005 being
rounded upwards to 0.00001): 
(∏(1 +
€STR𝑖× 𝑛𝑖
360
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
) ×
360
𝑑
where: 
"d" means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period; 
"d0" for any Interest Period, means the number of TARGET Settlement Days in
the relevant Interest Period; 
"€STRi" for any TARGET Settlement Day "i" in the relevant Interest Period, is
equal to €STR in respect of that day "i"; 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant
TARGET Settlement Day in chronological order from, and including, the first
TARGET Settlement Day in the relevant Interest Period; and 
"ni" for any TARGET Settlement Day "i" in the relevant Interest Period, means
the number of calendar days from, and including, such day "i" up to, but excluding,
the following TARGET Settlement Day ("i+1").

--- Page 94 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
79 
Where "€STR Compound with Payment Delay" applies, for the purposes of
calculating €STR with respect to the final Interest Period, the level of €STR for
each TARGET Settlement Day in the period from (and including) the €STR Rate
Cut-Off Date to (but excluding) the Maturity Date or the redemption date, as
applicable, shall be the level of €STR in respect of such €STR Rate Cut-Off Date; 
(4) if €STR Index Average ("€STR Index Average") is specified as applicable in the
relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, the €STR Benchmark for each Interest
Period shall be equal to the rate of return of the €STR Index calculated in
accordance with the following formula (with the resulting percentage rounded, if
necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, with
0.000005 being rounded upwards to 0.00001): 
(€𝑆𝑇𝑅𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝐸𝑛𝑑
€𝑆𝑇𝑅𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑆𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑡
−1) × (360
𝑑)
where: 
"d" means the number of calendar days from, and including, the €STR IndexStart
to, but excluding, the €STR IndexEnd; 
"€STR Index" means, in respect of any TARGET Settlement Day, the
Compounded €STR Index in relation to such TARGET Settlement Day as
published by the ECB on the ECB's Website on such TARGET Settlement Day and
appearing on the Relevant Screen Page. 
If the value of either or both of €STR IndexStart or €STR IndexEnd is not published
or displayed on the ECB's Website or the Relevant Screen Page by the administrator
of the €STR Index or other information service by 5.00 p.m. (Central European
Time) (or, if later, by the time falling one hour after the customary or scheduled
time for publication thereof in accordance with the then-prevailing operational
procedures of the administrator of €STR Index or of such other information service,
as the case may be) on the relevant Interest Determination Date, the €STR
Benchmark for the applicable Interest Period for which the €STR Index is not
available shall be determined as set out under Condition 6.10(ii)(2) above as if
€STR Compound with Observation Period Shift were specified as applicable in the
relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, and for these purposes: the
Observation Shift Days in respect of the applicable Interest Period for which the
€STR Index is not available shall be deemed to be equal to the Relevant Number of
TARGET Settlement Days plus one (or such other number of TARGET Settlement
Days as is specified for this purpose in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing
Supplement), as if such alternative elections had been made in the applicable Final
Terms or Pricing Supplement;
"€STR IndexEnd" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the €STR Index value on
the date that is the Relevant Number of TARGET Settlement Days specified in the
relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement preceding (a) the Interest Payment
Date relating to such Interest Period or (b) such other date on which the relevant
payment of interest falls due (but which by its definition or the operation of the
relevant provisions is excluded from such Interest Period); 
"€STR IndexStart" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the €STR Index value
on the date that is the Relevant Number of TARGET Settlement Days preceding
the first date of the relevant Interest Period; and 
"Relevant Number" means the number specified as such in the applicable Final
Terms or Pricing Supplement (or, if no such number is specified, five). 
For the purposes of this Condition 6.10 (Provisions specific to €STR as Reference Rate),
if €STR in respect of any TARGET Settlement Day (the "Relevant TARGET 
Settlement Day") is not published on the Relevant Screen Page or by an authorised
distributor, and is not otherwise provided by the administrator of €STR, by either (A) the
immediately following TARGET Settlement Day (or any amended publication day for
€STR as specified by the administrator of €STR in the €STR benchmark methodology)

--- Page 95 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
80 
or (B) such other date and time on which €STR for the Relevant TARGET Settlement
Day is required for the purpose of any determination pursuant to the Conditions and, in
either case, none of the events triggering the fallbacks specified in Conditions 6.17
(Relevant Rates Benchmark Discontinuance or Prohibition on Use) or 6.20 (General
Fallback Arrangements) (as applicable) have occurred, €STR for the Relevant TARGET
Settlement Day shall be deemed to be the rate equal to €STR for the most recent
TARGET Settlement Day in respect of which €STR was so published or provided. 
6.11
Provisions specific to SARON as Reference Rate 
(i)
If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing
Supplement as the manner in which a Floating Interest Rate is to be determined and
SARON is specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement as the
Reference Rate, the Floating Interest Rate for an Interest Period will be the relevant
SARON Benchmark plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing
Supplement) the Margin (if any) (as specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing
Supplement), subject to a minimum of zero per cent. per annum 
(ii)
The "SARON Benchmark" will be determined based on SARON Compound with
Lookback, SARON Compound with Observation Period Shift, SARON Compound with
Payment Delay or SAION Index Average, as follows: 
(1) if SARON Compound with Lookback ("SARON Compound with Lookback")
is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, the
SARON Benchmark for each Interest Period shall be equal to the rate of return of
a daily compound SARON interest investment calculated in accordance with the
following formula (with the resulting percentage rounded, if necessary, to the
nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.000005 being
rounded upwards to 0.00001): 
(∏(1 + SARON𝑖−xZBD × 𝑛𝑖
360
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
) × 360
𝑑
where: 
"d" means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period; 
"d0" for any Interest Period, means the number of Zurich Banking Days in the
relevant Interest Period; 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant
Zurich Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the first Zurich
Banking Day in the relevant Interest Period; 
"Lookback Days" means the number of Zurich Banking Days specified in the
applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement; 
"ni" for any Zurich Banking Day "i" in the relevant Interest Period, means the
number of calendar days from, and including, such day "i" up to, but excluding,
the following Zurich Banking Day ("i+1"); and 
"SARONi-xZBD" for any Zurich Banking Day "i" in the relevant Interest Period, is
equal to SARON in respect of the Zurich Banking Day falling a number of Zurich
Banking Days prior to that day "i" equal to the number of Lookback Days;
(2) if SARON Compound with Observation Period Shift ("SARON Compound with 
Observation Period Shift") is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms
or Pricing Supplement, the SARON Benchmark for each Interest Period shall be
equal to the rate of return of a daily compound SARON interest investment
calculated in accordance with the following formula (with the resulting percentage
rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point,
with 0.000005 being rounded upwards to 0.00001):

--- Page 96 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
81 
(∏(1 +
SARON𝑖× 𝑛𝑖
360
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
) ×
360
𝑑
where: 
"d" means the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation Period; 
"d0" for any Observation Period, means the number of Zurich Banking Days in the
relevant Observation Period; 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant
Zurich Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the first Zurich
Banking Day in the relevant Observation Period; 
"ni" for any Zurich Banking Day "i" in the relevant Observation Period, means
the number of calendar days from, and including, such day "i" up to, but excluding,
the following Zurich Banking Day ("i+1"); 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of each Interest Period, the period from,
and including, the date falling a number of Zurich Banking Days equal to the
Observation Shift Days preceding the first day of such Interest Period to, but
excluding, the date falling a number of Zurich Banking Days equal to the
Observation Shift Days preceding the Interest Period End Date for such Interest
Period; 
"Observation Shift Days" means the number of Zurich Banking Days specified
in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement; and 
"SARONi" for any Zurich Banking Day "i" in the relevant Observation Period, is
equal to SARON in respect of that day "i"; 
(3) if SARON Compound with Payment Delay ("SARON Compound with Payment 
Delay") is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing
Supplement, the SARON Benchmark for each Interest Period shall be equal to the
rate of return of a daily compound SARON interest investment calculated in
accordance with the following formula (with the resulting percentage rounded, if
necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, with
0.000005 being rounded upwards to 0.00001): 
(∏(1 +
SARON𝑖× 𝑛𝑖
360
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
) ×
360
𝑑
where: 
"d" means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period; 
"d0" for any Interest Period, means the number of Zurich Banking Days in the
relevant Interest Period; 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant
Zurich Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the first Zurich
Banking Day in the relevant Interest Period; 
"ni" for any Zurich Banking Day "i" in the relevant Interest Period, means the
number of calendar days from, and including, such day "i" up to, but excluding,
the following Zurich Banking Day ("i+1"); and 
"SARONi" for any Zurich Banking Day "i" in the relevant Interest Period, is equal
to SARON in respect of that day "i". 
Where "SARON Compound with Payment Delay" applies, for the purposes of
calculating SARON with respect to the final Interest Period, the level of SARON
for each Zurich Banking Day in the period from (and including) the SARON Rate
Cut-Off Date to (but excluding) the Maturity Date or the redemption date, as

--- Page 97 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
82 
applicable, shall be the level of SARON in respect of such SARON Rate Cut-Off
Date;
(4) if SAION Index Average ("SAION Index Average") is specified as applicable in
the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, the SARON Benchmark for each
Interest Period shall be equal to the rate of return of the SAION Index calculated in
accordance with the following formula (with the resulting percentage rounded, if
necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, with
0.000005 being rounded upwards to 0.00001): 
( 𝑆𝐴𝐼𝑂𝑁𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝐸𝑛𝑑
𝑆𝐴𝐼𝑂𝑁𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑆𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑡
−1) × (360
𝑑)
where: 
"d" means the number of calendar days from, and including, the SAION IndexStart
to, but excluding, the SAION IndexEnd; 
"Relevant Number" means the number specified as such in the applicable Final
Terms or Pricing Supplement (or, if no such number is specified, five); and 
"SAION Index" means, in respect of any Zurich Banking Day, the SAION Index
in relation to such Zurich Banking Day as provided by SIX Financial Information
AG (or any successor administrator) to authorised distributors and as then published
on the Relevant Screen Page, or if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as
otherwise published by such administrator or authorised distributors, in each case
on such Zurich Banking Day. 
If the value of either or both of SAION IndexStartor SAION IndexEnd is not published
or displayed by the administrator of the SARON or other information service by
6.00 p.m. (Zurich time) (or, if later, by the time falling one hour after the customary
or scheduled time for publication thereof in accordance with the then-prevailing
operational procedures of the administrator of the SAION Index or of such other
information service, as the case may be) on the relevant Interest Determination
Date, the SARON Benchmark for the applicable Interest Period for which the
SAION Index is not available shall be determined as set out under Condition
6.11(ii)(2) above as if SARON Compound with Observation Period Shift were
specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, and for
these purposes the Observation Shift Days in respect of the applicable Interest
Period for which the SAION Index is not available shall be deemed to be equal to
the Relevant Number of Zurich Banking Days plus one (or such other number of
Zurich Banking Days as is specified for this purpose in the applicable Final Terms
or Pricing Supplement), as if such alternative elections had been made in the
applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement; 
"SAION IndexEnd" means, with respect to an Interest Period, the SAION Index
value on the date that is the Relevant Number of Zurich Banking Days preceding
(a) the Interest Payment Date relating to such Interest Period or (b) such other date
on which the relevant payment of interest falls due (but which by its definition or
the operation of the relevant provisions is excluded from such Interest Period); and 
"SAION IndexStart" means, with respect to an Interest Period, the SAION Index
value on the date that is the Relevant Number of Zurich Banking Days preceding
the first date of the relevant Interest Period. 
For the purposes of this Condition 6.11 (Provisions specific to SARON as Reference
Rate), if SARON in respect of any Zurich Banking Day (the "Relevant Zurich Banking 
Day") is not published on the Relevant Screen Page or by an authorised distributor, and
is not otherwise provided by the administrator of SARON, by either (A) that Zurich
Banking Day (or any amended publication day for SARON as specified by the
administrator of SARON in the SARON benchmark methodology) or (B) such other date
and time on which SARON for the Relevant Zurich Banking Day is required for the
purpose of any determination pursuant to the Conditions and, in either case, none of the
events triggering the fallbacks specified in Conditions 6.17 (Relevant Rates Benchmark

--- Page 98 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
83 
Discontinuance or Prohibition on Use) or 6.20 (General Fallback Arrangements) (as
applicable) have occurred, SARON for the Relevant Zurich Banking Day shall be
deemed to be the rate equal to SARON for the most recent Zurich Banking Day in respect
of which SARON was so published or provided. 
6.12
Provisions specific to TONA as Reference Rate 
(i)
If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing
Supplement as the manner in which a Floating Interest Rate is to be determined and
TONA is specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement as the Reference
Rate, the Floating Interest Rate for an Interest Period will be the relevant TONA
Benchmark plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing
Supplement) the Margin (if any) (as specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing
Supplement), subject to a minimum of zero per cent. per annum 
(ii)
The "TONA Benchmark" will be determined based on TONA Compound with
Lookback, TONA Compound with Observation Period Shift, TONA Compound with
Payment Delay or TONA Index Average, as follows: 
(1) if TONA Compound with Lookback ("TONA Compound with Lookback") is
specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, the
TONA Benchmark for each Interest Period shall be equal to the rate of return of a
daily compound TONA interest investment calculated in accordance with the
following formula (with the resulting percentage rounded, if necessary, to the
nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.000005 being
rounded upwards to 0.00001): 
(∏(1 + TONA𝑖−pTBD × 𝑛𝑖
365
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
) × 365
𝑑
where: 
"d" means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period; 
"d0" for any Interest Period, means the number of Tokyo Banking Days in the
relevant Interest Period; 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant
Tokyo Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the first Tokyo
Banking Day in the relevant Interest Period; 
"Lookback Days" means the number of Tokyo Banking Days specified in the
applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement; 
"ni" for any Tokyo Banking Day "i" in the relevant Interest Period, means the
number of calendar days from, and including, such day "i" up to, but excluding,
the following Tokyo Banking Day ("i+1"); and 
"TONAi-pTBD" for any Tokyo Banking Day "i" in the relevant Interest Period, is
equal to TONA in respect of the Tokyo Banking Day falling a number of Tokyo
Banking Days prior to that day "i" equal to the number of Lookback Days; 
(2) if TONA Compound with Observation Period Shift ("TONA Compound with 
Observation Period Shift") is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms
or Pricing Supplement, the TONA Benchmark for each Interest Period shall be
equal to the rate of return of a daily compound TONA interest investment
calculated in accordance with the following formula (with the resulting percentage
rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point,
with 0.000005 being rounded upwards to 0.00001):

--- Page 99 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
84 
(∏(1 +
TONA𝑖× 𝑛𝑖
365
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
) ×
365
𝑑
where: 
"d" means the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation Period; 
"d0" for any Observation Period, means the number of Tokyo Banking Days in the
relevant Observation Period; 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant
Tokyo Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the first Tokyo
Banking Day in the relevant Observation Period; 
"ni" for any Tokyo Banking Day "i" in the relevant Observation Period, means the
number of calendar days from, and including, such day "i" up to, but excluding,
the following Tokyo Banking Day ("i+1"); 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of each Interest Period, the period from,
and including, the date falling a number of Tokyo Banking Days equal to the
Observation Shift Days preceding the first day of such Interest Period to, but
excluding, the date falling a number of Tokyo Banking Days equal to the
Observation Shift Days preceding the Interest Period End Date for such Interest
Period; 
"Observation Shift Days" means the number of Tokyo Banking Days specified
in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement; and 
"TONAi" for any TONA Banking Day "i" in the relevant Observation Period, is
equal to TONA in respect of that day "i"; 
(3) if TONA Compound with Payment Delay ("TONA Compound with Payment 
Delay") is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing
Supplement, the TONA Benchmark for each Interest Period shall be equal to the
rate of return of a daily compound TONA interest investment calculated in
accordance with the following formula (with the resulting percentage rounded, if
necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, with
0.000005 being rounded upwards to 0.00001): 
(∏(1 +
TONA𝑖× 𝑛𝑖
365
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
) ×
365
𝑑
where: 
"d" means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period; 
"d0" for any Interest Period, means the number of Tokyo Banking Days in the
relevant Interest Period; 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant
Tokyo Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the first Tokyo
Banking Day in the relevant Interest Period; 
"ni" for any Tokyo Banking Day "i" in the relevant Interest Period, means the
number of calendar days from, and including, such day "i" up to, but excluding,
the following Tokyo Banking Day ("i+1"); and 
"TONAi" for any Tokyo Banking Day "i" in the relevant Interest Period, is equal
to TONA in respect of that day "i". 
Where "TONA Compound with Payment Delay" applies, for the purposes of
calculating TONA with respect to the final Interest Period, the level of TONA for
each Tokyo Banking Day in the period from (and including) the TONA Rate Cut-

--- Page 100 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
85 
Off Date to (but excluding) the Maturity Date or the redemption date, as applicable,
shall be the level of TONA in respect of such TONA Rate Cut-Off Date; 
(4) if TONA Index Average ("TONA Index Average") is specified as applicable in
the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, the TONA Benchmark for each
Interest Period shall be equal to the rate of return of the TONA Index calculated in
accordance with the following formula (with the resulting percentage rounded, if
necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, with
0.000005 being rounded upwards to 0.00001): 
( 𝑇𝑂𝑁𝐴𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝐸𝑛𝑑
𝑇𝑂𝑁𝐴𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑆𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑡
−1) × (365
𝑑)
where: 
"d" means the number of calendar days from, and including, the TONA IndexStart
to, but excluding, the TONA IndexEnd; 
"Relevant Number" means the number specified as such in the applicable Final
Terms or Pricing Supplement (or, if no such number is specified, five); and 
"TONA Index" means, in respect of any Tokyo Banking Day, the TONA Index in
relation to such Tokyo Banking Day as provided by QUICK Corp (or any successor
administrator) and published on the Relevant Screen Page, or if the Relevant Screen
Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by QUICK Corp. (or successor
administrator), in each case on such Tokyo Banking Day. 
If the value of either or both of TONA IndexStart or TONA IndexEnd is not published
or displayed on the Relevant Screen Page by the administrator of the TONA Index
or other information service by 5.00 p.m. (Tokyo time) (or, if later, by the time
falling one hour after the customary or scheduled time for publication thereof in
accordance with the then-prevailing operational procedures of the administrator of
the TONA Index or of such other information service, as the case may be) on the
relevant Interest Determination Date, the TONA Benchmark for the applicable
Interest Period for which the TONA Index is not available shall be determined as
set out under Condition 6.12(ii)(2) above as if TONA Compound with Observation
Period Shift were specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing
Supplement, and for these purposes: the Observation Shift Days in respect of the
applicable Interest Period for which the TONA Index is not available shall be
deemed to be equal to the Relevant Number of Tokyo Banking Days plus one (or
such other number of Tokyo Banking Days as is specified for this purpose in the
applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement), as if such alternative elections had
been made in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement;
"TONA IndexEnd" means, with respect to an Interest Period, the TONA Index
value on the date that is the Relevant Number of Tokyo Banking Days preceding
(a) the Interest Payment Date relating to such Interest Period or (b) such other date
on which the relevant payment of interest falls due (but which by its definition or
the operation of the relevant provisions is excluded from such Interest Period); and 
"TONA IndexStart" means, with respect to an Interest Period, the TONA Index
value on the date that is the Relevant Number of Tokyo Banking Days preceding
the first date of the relevant Interest Period. 
For the purposes of this Condition 6.12 (Provisions specific to TONA as Reference Rate),
if TONA in respect of any Tokyo Banking Day (the "Relevant Tokyo Banking Day")
is not published on the Relevant Screen Page or by an authorised distributor, and is not
otherwise provided by the administrator of TONA, by either (A) the immediately
following Tokyo Banking Day (or any amended publication day for TONA as specified
by the administrator of TONA in the TONA benchmark methodology) or (B) such other
date and time on which TONA for the Relevant Tokyo Banking Day is required for the
purpose of any determination pursuant to the Conditions and, in either case, none of the
events triggering the fallbacks specified in Conditions 6.17 (Relevant Rates Benchmark
Discontinuance or Prohibition on Use) or 6.20 (General Fallback Arrangements) (as

--- Page 101 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
86 
applicable) have occurred, TONA for the Relevant Tokyo Banking Day shall be deemed
to be the rate equal to TONA for the most recent Tokyo Banking Day in respect of which
TONA was so published or provided. 
6.13
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest: If any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate
of Interest is specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, then the Rate of
Interest shall in no event be greater than the maximum or be less than the minimum so specified. 
6.14
Calculation of Interest Amount: In respect of Floating Rate Notes, the Determination Agent
will, as soon as practicable after the time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined in
relation to each Interest Period, calculate the Interest Amount payable in respect of each Floating
Rate Note for such Interest Period. The Interest Amount will be calculated by applying the Rate
of Interest for such Interest Period to the Calculation Amount, multiplying the product by the
relevant Day Count Fraction, rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the
Specified Currency (half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards) and multiplying such
rounded figure by a fraction equal to the Specified Denomination of the relevant Note divided
by the Calculation Amount. For this purpose, a "sub-unit" means, in the case of any currency
other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the
country of such currency and, in the case of euro, means one cent. 
6.15
Publication: The Determination Agent will cause each Rate of Interest and Interest Amount
determined by it, together with the relevant Interest Payment Date, and any other amount(s)
required to be determined by it together with any relevant payment date(s) to be notified to the
Paying Agents and each listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by
which the Notes have been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation as soon as practicable
after such determination, but (in the case of each Rate of Interest, Interest Amount and Interest
Payment Date) in any event not later than the first day of the relevant Interest Period. Notice
thereof shall also promptly be given to the Noteholders. The Determination Agent will be
entitled to recalculate any Interest Amount (on the basis of the foregoing provisions) without
notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the relevant Interest Period. If the Calculation
Amount is less than the minimum Specified Denomination, the Determination Agent shall not
be obliged to publish each Interest Amount but instead may publish only the Calculation
Amount and the Interest Amount in respect of a Note having the minimum Specified
Denomination. 
6.16
Notifications etc.: All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations,
quotations and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition
6 (Floating Rate Note Provisions) by the Calculation Agent will (in the absence of manifest
error) be binding on the Issuer, the Paying Agents, the Noteholders and (subject as aforesaid)
no liability to any such Person will attach to the Calculation Agent in connection with the
exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions for such purposes. 
6.17
Relevant Rates Benchmark Discontinuance or Prohibition on Use:
If (i) Condition 6.18 (Effect of Benchmark Transition Event) and Condition 6.19 (CMS
Reference Rate – Effect of Benchmark Transition Event and Benchmark Amendment Event) do
not apply, (ii) the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement specifies that the provisions of
this Condition 6.17 (Relevant Rates Benchmark Discontinuance or Prohibition on Use) are
applicable and (iii) unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing
Supplement, where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing
Supplement as the manner in which the Floating Interest Rate is to be determined, after
application of any ISDA Bespoke Fallbacks specified in the relevant Floating Rate Option (as
defined in the ISDA Definitions) to apply following the occurrence of any of the following
events and the application of such ISDA Bespoke Fallbacks fails to provide a means of
determining the relevant Floating Rate (as defined in the ISDA Definitions), then
notwithstanding the terms set forth elsewhere in these Conditions, if the Determination Agent
determines that any of the following events has occurred:
(a)
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of
the Relevant Rates Benchmark announcing that it has ceased or will cease to provide
the Relevant Rates Benchmark permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time
of statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to
provide the Relevant Rates Benchmark; or

--- Page 102 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
87 
(b)
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the
administrator of the Relevant Rates Benchmark, the central bank for the currency of
the Relevant Rates Benchmark, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the
administrator of the Relevant Rates Benchmark, a resolution authority with jurisdiction
over the administrator of the Relevant Rates Benchmark or a court or an entity with
similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator of the Relevant Rates
Benchmark, which states that the administrator of the Relevant Rates Benchmark has
ceased or will cease to provide the Relevant Rates Benchmark permanently or
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or publication, there is no
successor administrator that will continue to provide the Relevant Rates Benchmark;
or 
(c)
where the Relevant Rates Benchmark is a LIBOR (other than U.S. dollar LIBOR which
is addressed in Condition 6.18 (Effect of Benchmark Transition Event) below), a public
statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the
administrator of the Relevant Rates Benchmark announcing that the Relevant Rates
Benchmark is no longer representative;
(d)
unless
otherwise
specified
in
the
Final
Terms
or
Pricing
Supplement,
an
Administrator/Benchmark Event occurs in relation to a Relevant Rates Benchmark, 
then the Determination Agent may use, as a substitute for the Relevant Rates Benchmark, and
for each future Interest Determination Date (or other rate fixing date), the alternative rates
benchmark determined in accordance with the following provisions: 
(i)
if an alternative reference rate, index or benchmark is specified in the Final Terms or
Pricing Supplement for this purpose (an "Alternative Pre-nominated Reference 
Rate"), such Alternative Pre-nominated Reference Rate; or 
(ii)
if an Alternative Pre-nominated Reference Rate is not specified in the Final Terms or
Pricing Supplement, the alternative reference rate, index or benchmark selected by the
central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority or any similar institution (including any
committee or working group thereof) in the jurisdiction of the applicable index currency
that is consistent with accepted market practice (the rate determined under sub-paragraph
(i) above or this sub-paragraph (ii), the "Alternative Rate").
The Determination Agent may, after consultation with the Issuer, determine any adjustments to
the Alternative Rate or the Margin (which may include the addition of an adjustment spread,
which may be positive or negative, in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably
practicable, any transfer of economic value to or from the Issuer as a result of the replacement
of the Relevant Rates Benchmark with the Alternative Rate), as well as the applicable Business
Day Convention, Interest Determination Dates (or any other rate fixing dates) and related
provisions and definitions of the Notes, in each case that are consistent with accepted market
practice for the use of such Alternative Rate for debt obligations such as the Notes.
If the Determination Agent determines, after consultation with the Issuer, that no such
Alternative Rate exists on the relevant date, it may, after consultation with the Issuer, determine
an alternative rate to be used as a substitute for the Relevant Rates Benchmark (which shall be
the "Alternative Rate" for the purposes of these provisions), as well as any adjustments to the
Margin (including any adjustment spread), the Business Day Convention, the Interest
Determination Dates (or any other rate fixing dates) and related provisions and definitions in
respect of the Notes, in each case, that are consistent with accepted market practice for the use
of such Alternative Rate for debt obligations such as the Notes. 
The Issuer will then provide a notice, in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices), to Noteholders
to inform them of the occurrence of any of the events listed in Conditions 6.17(a) to 6.17(d)
(Relevant Rates Benchmark Discontinuance or Prohibition of Use) above, the Alternative Rate
and any adjustment determinations which will apply to the Notes. The notice shall also confirm
the effective date of the Alternative Rate and any adjustments. 
Notwithstanding
anything
else
in
this
Condition
6.17
(Relevant
Rates
Benchmark
Discontinuance or Prohibition of Use), if the Determination Agent determines that the selection
of a particular index, benchmark or other price as an "Alternative Rate" (taking into account
any necessary adjustments that would need to be made in accordance with this Condition 6.17

--- Page 103 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
88 
(Relevant Rates Benchmark Discontinuance or Prohibition of Use)) (1) is or would be unlawful
under any applicable law or regulation; or (2) would contravene any applicable licensing
requirements; or (3) would result in the Determination Agent, the Issuer or the Calculation
Agent being considered to be administering a benchmark, index or other price source whose
production, publication, methodology or governance would subject the Determination Agent,
the Issuer or the Calculation Agent to material additional regulatory obligations which it is
unwilling to undertake, then the Determination Agent shall not select such index, benchmark or
price source as the Alternative Rate). 
If the Determination Agent is unable to identify an Alternative Rate and determine the necessary
adjustments to the terms of the Notes, then the Issuer may, in its reasonable discretion, determine
that the Notes shall be redeemed as of any later date. If the Issuer so determines that the Notes
shall be redeemed, then the Issuer shall give not less than five Business Days' notice to the
Noteholders to redeem the Notes and upon redemption the Issuer will pay in respect of each
Note an amount equal to the Early Redemption Amount. 
1.
if "Fixed Redemption (Benchmark Trigger Event)" is specified in the applicable
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, an amount per Calculation Amount (expressed as a
percentage) as specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement; 
2.
if "Fixed Redemption (Benchmark Trigger Event) Less Costs" is specified in the
applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, an amount per Calculation Amount (expressed
as a percentage) as specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement less the
reasonable cost to and/or the loss realised by, the Issuer and/or any Affiliate in respect of break
funding costs for the Issuer term financing associated with such early redemption of the Notes,
in each case as calculated by the Determination Agent in its reasonable discretion; or 
3.
if "Fair Market Value (Benchmark Trigger Event)" is specified in the applicable
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, an amount equal to the fair market value of such Note, on
such day as is selected by the Determination Agent in its reasonable discretion (provided that
such day is not more than 15 days before the date fixed for redemption of the Note), less the
proportion attributable to that Note of the reasonable cost to the Issuer and/or any Affiliate of,
or the loss realised by the Issuer and/or any Affiliate on, unwinding any related hedging
arrangements or in respect of break funding costs for the Issuer's term financing associated with
such early redemption of the Notes, in each case as calculated by the Determination Agent in its
reasonable discretion. 
The Issuer's obligations under the Notes shall be satisfied in full upon payment of such amount. 
In the case where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing
Supplement as the manner in which the Floating Interest Rate is to be determined, and the
application of any ISDA Bespoke Fallbacks specified in the relevant Floating Rate Option
results in a replacement of, modification to, or change in the method of calculating, the Floating
Rate (or the index, benchmark or other price source that is referred to in the Floating Rate
Option), the Determination Agent may, after consultation with the Issuer, determine any
adjustments to the Floating Rate and the Margin (including any adjustment spread) as well as
the applicable Business Day Convention, Interest Determination Dates (or any other rate fixing
dates) and related provisions and definitions of the Notes, in each case that are consistent with
accepted market practice for the use of such replacement or modified Floating Rate for debt
obligations such as the Notes. The Issuer will provide a notice, in accordance with Condition 19
(Notices), to Noteholders to inform them of any adjustment determinations which will apply to
the Notes. The notice shall also confirm the effective date of any adjustments.
6.18
Effect of Benchmark Transition Event  
This Condition 6.18 (Effect of Benchmark Transition Event) applies where the Relevant Rates
Benchmark is U.S. dollar LIBOR.
(a) 
Benchmark Replacement. If the Issuer or its designee determines that a Benchmark Transition
Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred prior to the Reference Time
in respect of any determination of the Benchmark on any date, the Benchmark Replacement will
replace the then-current Benchmark for all purposes relating to the Notes in respect of such
determination on such date and all determinations on all subsequent dates.

--- Page 104 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
89 
(b) 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes. In connection with the implementation of a
Benchmark Replacement, the Issuer or its designee will have the right to make Benchmark
Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time. In no event shall the Calculation Agent
be responsible for determining any substitute for LIBOR, or for making any adjustments to any
alternative benchmark or spread thereon, the business day convention, interest determination
dates or any other relevant methodology for calculating any such substitute or successor
benchmark. In connection with the foregoing, the Calculation Agent will be entitled to
conclusively rely on any determinations made by the Issuer or its designee and will have no
liability for such actions taken at the direction of the Issuer or its designee. 
(c) 
Decisions and Determinations. Any determination, decision or election that may be made by
the Issuer or its designee pursuant to this Condition 6.18 (Effect of Benchmark Transition Event),
including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or
non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking
any action or any selection, will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error, will be made
in the Issuer's or its designee's sole discretion, and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in
the documentation relating to the Notes, shall become effective without consent from the holders
of the Notes or any other party. None of the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Registrar
or the Transfer Agent will have any liability for any determination made by or on behalf of the
Issuer or its designee in connection with a Benchmark Transition Event or a Benchmark
Replacement. 
6.19
CMS Reference rate – Effect of Benchmark Transition Event and Benchmark Amendment 
Event 
(a)
This Condition 6.19 (CMS Reference Rate - Effect of Benchmark Transition Event and
Benchmark Amendment Event) applies where the Relevant Rates Benchmark is a CMS Reference
Rate. 
(i)
Benchmark Replacement. If the Issuer or its designee determines that a Benchmark
Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred prior to the
Reference Time in respect of any determination of the CMS Reference Rate on any date,
the Benchmark Replacement will replace the then-current CMS Reference Rate for all
purposes relating to the Notes in respect of such determination on such date and all
determinations on all subsequent dates. 
(ii)
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes. In connection with the implementation
of a Benchmark Replacement, the Issuer or its designee will have the right to make
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time. 
(iii)
Benchmark Amendment Adjustment. If the Issuer or its designee determines that a
Benchmark Amendment Event and its related Benchmark Amendment Date have
occurred prior to the Reference Time in respect of any determination of the CMS
Reference Rate on any date, the Issuer or its designee will have the right to make a
Benchmark Amendment Adjustment in respect of such determination on such date and
all determinations on all subsequent dates. 
(iv)
Benchmark Amendment Conforming Changes. In connection with the implementation of
a Benchmark Amendment Adjustment, the Issuer or its designee will have the right to
make Benchmark Amendment Conforming Changes from time to time. 
(v)
Benchmark Transition Event and Benchmark Amendment Event: If the Issuer or its
designee determines that a Benchmark Transition Event has occurred in respect of the
Floating Leg Rate but before the related Benchmark Replacement Date occurs a
Benchmark Amendment Event occurs, the Issuer or its designee may elect at any time
on or after the date of the Benchmark Amendment Event whether to exercise its rights in
respect of the Benchmark Transition Event pursuant to paragraphs (i) and (ii) above, or
to exercise its rights in respect of the Benchmark Amendment Event pursuant to
paragraphs (iii) and (iv) above.

--- Page 105 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
90 
(vi)
Decisions and Determinations. Any determination, decision or election that may be
made by the Issuer or its designee pursuant to this Condition 6.19 (CMS Reference Rate
- Effect of Benchmark Transition Event and Benchmark Amendment Event) including
any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-
occurrence of an event, circumstance or date (whether before, on or after the Issue Date)
and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection will be
conclusive and binding absent manifest error, will be made in the Issuer or its designee's
sole discretion; and notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the documentation
relating to the Notes, shall become effective without consent from the holders of the
Notes or any other party. 
(b)
In the case of a CMS Reference Rate where the Floating Leg is a LIBOR, as at the Trade Date,
the Determination Agent (as the Issuer's designee) had determined that an event falling within
item (i) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event had occurred in respect of the Floating
Leg Rate, without prejudice and subject to the Issuer's or its designee's right to determine that
any other event has occurred that constitutes a Benchmark Transition Event or a Benchmark
Amendment Event and the Issuer's and it's designee's powers resulting therefrom, the Issuer will
provide notice in due course in accordance with the Conditions of the Notes to the Noteholders
of (i) the Benchmark Replacement; and (ii) any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes
which will apply to the Notes. 
(c)
If the implementation of any Benchmark Replacement, Benchmark Replacement Conforming
Changes or Benchmark Amendment Conforming Changes results in a calculation of the CMS
Reference Rate that the Determination Agent determines in its reasonable discretion is not
consistent with market practice, the Issuer may, in its reasonable discretion, determine that the
notes shall be redeemed as of any later date. If the Issuer so determines that the Notes shall be
redeemed, then the Issuer shall give not less than five Business Days' notice to the Noteholders
to redeem the Notes and upon redemption the Issuer will pay in respect of each Note an amount
equal to: 
(i)
if "Early Redemption Amount (CMS Reference Rate) – Fixed Redemption" is specified
in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, an amount per Calculation Amount
(expressed as a percentage) as specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing
Supplement; 
(ii)
if "Early Redemption Amount (CMS Reference Rate) – Fixed Redemption Less Costs" 
is specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, an amount per
Calculation Amount (expressed as a percentage) as specified in the applicable Final
Terms or Pricing Supplement less the reasonable cost to and/or the loss realised by, the
Issuer and/or any Affiliate in respect of break funding costs for the Issuer term financing
associated with such early redemption of the Notes, in each case as calculated by the
Determination Agent in its reasonable discretion;
(iii)
if "Early Redemption Amount (CMS Reference Rate) – Fair Market Value Less Costs" 
is specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, an amount equal to the
fair market value of such Note, on such day as is selected by the Determination Agent in
its reasonable discretion (provided that such day is not more than 15 days before the date
fixed for redemption of the Note), less the proportion attributable to that Note of the
reasonable cost to the Issuer and/or any Affiliate of, or the loss realised by the Issuer
and/or any Affiliate on, unwinding any related hedging arrangements or in respect of
break funding costs for the Issuer's term financing associated with such early redemption
of the Notes, in each case as calculated by the Determination Agent in its reasonable
discretion; or 
(iv)
if "Early Redemption Amount (CMS Reference Rate) - Fair Market Value" is specified
in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, the fair market value of such Note, on such
day as is selected by the Determination Agent in its reasonable discretion (provided that
such day is not more than 15 days before the date fixed for redemption of the Note), as
calculated by the Determination Agent in its reasonable discretion.

--- Page 106 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
91 
The Issuer's obligation under the Notes shall be satisfied in full upon payment of such amount. 
(d)
For the purposes of this Condition 6.19 (CMS Reference Rate - Effect of Benchmark Transition
Event and Benchmark Amendment Event), the following terms shall bear the following
meanings: 
"Benchmark" means each of the CMS Reference Rate and the Floating Leg Rate. 
"Benchmark Amendment Adjustment" means an adjustment to the rate of interest payable
on the Notes (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) determined by the Issuer or its
designee giving due consideration to any industry-accepted adjustment, or method for
calculating or determining such adjustment, for the replacement of the then-current Floating Leg
Rate with the applicable replacement rate for floating rate notes denominated in the Index
Currency at such time. 
"Benchmark Amendment Conforming Changes" means, with respect to any Benchmark
Amendment Adjustment, any changes (including changes to the definition of "Interest Period",
the timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, and other
administrative matters) that the Issuer or its designee determine may be appropriate to reflect
the adoption of such Benchmark Amendment Adjustment in a manner substantially consistent
with market practice (or, if the Issuer or its designee determine that adoption of any portion of
such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Issuer or its designee determine
that no market practice for use of the Benchmark Amendment Adjustment exists, in such other
manner as the Issuer or its designee determine is reasonably necessary). 
"Benchmark Amendment Date" means the first date on which the revisions to the
methodology described in the announcement giving rise to the related Benchmark Amendment
Event become effective. For the avoidance of doubt, if such Benchmark Amendment Date is an
interest determination date and such announcement (i) does not specify a time of effectiveness
or (ii) does not specify a time of effectiveness occurring on or after the Reference Time on such
interest determination date in respect of any determination, the Benchmark Amendment Date
will be deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference Time for such determination. 
"Benchmark Amendment Event" means an announcement by the administrator of the CMS
Reference Rate to replace the Floating Leg Rate with a replacement rate.
"Benchmark Replacement" means the first alternative benchmark set forth in the order below
that can be determined by the Issuer or its designee as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(i)
if an alternative reference rate, index or benchmark is specified in the Final Terms or
Pricing Supplement for this purpose (an "Alternative Pre-nominated Reference 
Rate"), the sum of: (a) such Alternative Pre-nominated Reference Rate and (b) the
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
(ii)
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected or recommended by
the Relevant Nominating Body as the replacement for the then-current CMS Reference
Rate for the applicable Corresponding Tenor and (b) the Benchmark Replacement
Adjustment; or 
(iii)
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by the Issuer or its
designee as the replacement for the then-current CMS Reference Rate for the applicable
Corresponding Tenor giving due consideration to any industry-accepted rate of interest
as a replacement for the then-current CMS Reference Rate for floating rate notes
denominated in the Index Currency at such time, including the ISDA Fallback Rate, and
(b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
"Benchmark Replacement Adjustment" means the first alternative adjustment set forth in the
order below that can be determined by the Issuer or its designee as of the Benchmark
Replacement Date:

--- Page 107 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
92 
(i)
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is an Alternative Pre-nominated
Reference Rate and a specified spread adjustment, or method for calculating or
determining such spread adjustment has been specified in the Final Terms or Pricing
Supplement as the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment to be used with such
Alternative Pre-nominated Reference Rate, (which may be a positive or negative value
or zero), such specified spread adjustment or method; 
(ii)
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment,
(which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected or
recommended by the Relevant Nominating Body for the applicable Unadjusted
Benchmark Replacement; 
(iii)
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to the ISDA Fallback
Rate, then the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; or 
(iv)
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been
selected by the Issuer or its designee giving due consideration to any industry-accepted
spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for
the replacement of the then-current CMS Reference Rate with the applicable Unadjusted
Benchmark Replacement for floating rate notes denominated in the Index Currency at
such time, 
provided that, if the Issuer or its designee determines that the use of the alternative adjustments
in paragraphs (ii) or (iii) above would not be consistent with market practice or would not be
commercially reasonable for the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement, the Issuer or
its designee may determine the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment under paragraph (iv)
above. 
"Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes" means, with respect to any Benchmark
Replacement, any changes (including changes to the definition of "Interest Period", the timing
and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, and other administrative
matters) that the Issuer or its designee determines may be appropriate to reflect the adoption of
such Benchmark Replacement in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if
the Issuer or its designee determines that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not
administratively feasible or if the Issuer or its designee determines that no market practice for
use of the Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner as the Issuer or its designee
determine is reasonably necessary). 
"Benchmark Replacement Date" means the earliest to occur of the following events with
respect to the then-current Benchmark: 
(i)
in the case of clause (i) or (ii) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition Event," the
later of (a) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced
therein and (b) the date on which the administrator of the Benchmark permanently or
indefinitely ceases to provide the Benchmark;
(ii)
in the case of clause (iii) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition Event," the date of
the public statement or publication of information referenced therein; 
(iii)
in the case of clause (iv) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition Event," the date of
the determination referenced therein; or 
(iv)
in the case of clause (v) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition Event", if applicable,
the Administrator/Benchmark Event Date (with the CMS Reference Rate being the
Relevant
Rates
Benchmark
for
the
purpose
of
the
definition
of
"Administrator/Benchmark Event Date"). 
For the avoidance of doubt, if such Benchmark Replacement Date is an interest determination
date and the time of the statement, publication, cessation or determination giving rise to such
Benchmark Replacement Date occurs earlier than the Reference Time on such interest

--- Page 108 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
93 
determination date in respect of any determination, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be
deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference Time for such determination. 
"Benchmark Transition Event" means the occurrence of one or more of the following events
(whether before, on or after the Issue Date) with respect to the then-current Benchmark: 
(i)
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of
the Benchmark announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide
the Benchmark, permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement
or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the
Benchmark; 
(ii)
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the
administrator of the Benchmark, the central bank for the currency of the Benchmark, an
insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark, a
resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark or a court
or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for the
Benchmark, which states that the administrator of the Benchmark has ceased or will
cease to provide the Benchmark permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time
of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to
provide the Benchmark;
(iii)
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the
administrator of the Benchmark announcing that the Benchmark is no longer
representative;
(iv)
a determination by the Issuer or the Determination Agent (after consulting with the
Issuer) that (i) the Benchmark as published is no longer an industry-accepted rate of
interest for floating rate notes denominated in the Index Currency at such time, (ii) the
Benchmark as published is no longer an industry-accepted rate of interest in the
derivatives market for hedging transactions related to floating rate notes denominated in
the Index Currency or (iii) there has been a material adverse change in the ability of
market participants to hedge exposures related to the Benchmark; or 
(v)
unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, an
Administrator/Benchmark Event occurs with respect to the CMS Reference Rate (with
the CMS Reference Rate being the Relevant Rates Benchmark for the purpose of the
definition of "Administrator/Benchmark Event").
Notwithstanding the foregoing, any event in clause (i), (ii), (iii) or (iv) above with respect to the
Floating Leg Rate shall not constitute a Benchmark Transition Event if, at the time of such
public statement, publication or determination with respect to the Floating Leg Rate, the
administrator of the CMS Reference Rate has announced revisions to the methodology
governing the CMS Reference Rate to replace the Floating Leg Rate with a replacement rate
and the Issuer or its designee determines that such replacement rate is acceptable to the Issuer
or its designee, as applicable. 
"CMS Reference Rate" means, initially, the CMS Reference Rate specified in the applicable
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement; provided that if a Benchmark Transition Event and its
related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to such rate or the then-current
Benchmark, then "CMS Reference Rate" means the applicable Benchmark Replacement.
"Corresponding Tenor" with respect to a Benchmark Replacement means a tenor (including
overnight) having approximately the same length (disregarding business day adjustment) as the
applicable tenor for the then-current CMS Reference Rate. 
"Floating Leg Rate" means the floating leg rate (with the currency and tenor) referenced by the 
then-current CMS Reference Rate.
"Index Currency" means, in respect of either Benchmark, the currency in respect of which 
such Benchmark is calculated or expressed, as determined by the Determination Agent.

--- Page 109 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
94 
"ISDA Definitions" means the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by the International Swaps
and Derivatives Association, Inc. or any successor thereto, as amended or supplemented from
time to time, or any successor definitional booklet for interest rate derivatives published from
time to time, including the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions (as amended or
supplemented from time to time). 
"ISDA Fallback Adjustment" means the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or
negative value or zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the ISDA
Definitions to be determined upon the occurrence of an index cessation event with respect to
the CMS Reference Rate for the applicable tenor. 
"ISDA Fallback Rate" means the rate that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing
the ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the occurrence of an index cessation event with
respect to the CMS Reference Rate for the applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA
Fallback Adjustment. 
"Reference Time" with respect to any determination of a CMS Reference Rate means (1) if
the CMS Reference Rate is a CMS Reference Rate as specified in the applicable Final Terms or
Pricing Supplement as at the Issue Date, the time specified as such in respect of such CMS
Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, and (2) if the CMS
Reference Rate is not a CMS Reference Rate as specified in the applicable Final Terms or
Pricing Supplement as at the Issue Date, the time determined by the Issuer or its designee in
accordance with the Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes (or if there are no
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, as determined by the Issuer or its designee).
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a Benchmark: 
(i)
the central bank for the currency in which the Benchmark is calculated or expressed or
any central bank or other supervisor which is responsible for supervising either the
Benchmark or the administrator of the Benchmark; or
(ii)
any working group or committee officially endorsed or convened by (i) the central bank
for the currency in which the Benchmark is denominated, (ii) any central bank or other
supervisor which is responsible for supervising either the Benchmark or the
administrator of the Benchmark, (iii) a group of those central banks or other supervisors
or (iv) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof.
"Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement" means the Benchmark Replacement excluding the
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
(e)
If the CMS Interest Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement to be
"Spread CMS Rate", the foregoing provisions of this Condition 6.19 (CMS Reference Rate -
Effect of Benchmark Transition Event and Benchmark Amendment Event) shall apply separately
for each of CMS Reference Rate 1 and CMS Reference Rate 2 (and for the purpose of construing
such provisions, each of CMS Reference Rate 1 and CMS Reference Rate 2 shall be the "CMS
Reference Rate"). However, if either: 
(i)
a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date; or 
(ii)
a Benchmark Amendment Event and its related Benchmark Amendment Date, 
have occurred in respect of either CMS Reference Rate 1 or CMS Reference Rate 2 (the
"Impacted CMS Reference Rate") but not the other CMS Reference Rate (the "Non-
Impacted CMS Reference Rate"), the Issuer or its designee may elect to treat the Non-
Impacted CMS Reference Rate as if (a) a Benchmark Transition Event and its related
Benchmark Replacement Date or (b) a Benchmark Amendment Event and its related
Benchmark Amendment Date (as the case may be depending on which circumstances apply to
the Impacted CMS Reference Rate) have occurred in respect of the such Non-Impacted CMS
Reference Rate and apply the foregoing provisions accordingly.
6.20
General Fallback Arrangements

--- Page 110 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
95 
Notwithstanding the terms set forth elsewhere in these Conditions, if: 
(i)
the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement specifies that the provisions of
Condition 6.17 (Relevant Rates Benchmark Discontinuance or Prohibition on Use) do
not apply; and 
(ii)
the provisions of Condition 6.18 (Effect of Benchmark Transition Event) or Condition
6.19 (CMS Reference Rate - Effect of Benchmark Transition Event and Benchmark
Amendment Event) do not apply, 
unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, where ISDA
Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement as the manner
in which the Floating Interest Rate is to be determined, after application of any ISDA Bespoke
Fallbacks specified in the relevant Floating Rate Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) to
apply following the occurrence of any of the following events and the application of such ISDA
Bespoke Fallbacks fails to provide a means of determining the relevant Floating Rate (as defined
in the ISDA Definitions): 
(A)  
in the case where the Relevant Rates Benchmark is a LIBOR, EURIBOR, SONIA, €STR,
SARON or TONA, and such Relevant Rates Benchmark has been permanently
discontinued; or
(B) 
in the case where the Relevant Rates Benchmark is a LIBOR (other than U.S. dollar
LIBOR which is addressed in Condition 6.18 (Effect of Benchmark Transition Event)
above),
upon the occurrence of a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory
supervisor for the administrator of the Relevant Rates Benchmark announcing that the Relevant
Rates Benchmark is no longer representative, the Determination Agent will use, as a substitute
for such Relevant Rates Benchmark, and for each future Interest Determination Date, the
alternative reference rate selected by the central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority or any
similar institution (including any committee or working group thereof) in the jurisdiction of the
applicable index currency that is consistent with accepted market practice (the "Alternative 
Rate"). The Determination Agent will, after consultation with the Issuer, make such
adjustments to the Alternative Rate or the Margin (or Margin 1 or Margin 2, as applicable), as
well as the applicable Business Day Convention, Interest Determination Dates and related
provisions and definitions of the Notes, in each case that are consistent with accepted market
practice for the use of such Alternative Rate for debt obligations such as the Notes. However,
in the case of EURIBOR only, if the Determination Agent determines, after consultation with
the Issuer, that no such Alternative Rate exists on the relevant date, it shall make a
determination, after consultation with the Issuer, of an alternative rate as a substitute for
EURIBOR, for debt obligations such as the Notes, as well as the Margin, the Business Day
Convention and the Interest Determination Dates in respect of the Notes, that is consistent with
accepted market practice. 
In the case where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing
Supplement as the manner in which the Floating Interest Rate is to be determined, and the
application of any ISDA Bespoke Fallbacks specified in the relevant Floating Rate Option
results in a replacement of, modification to, or change in the method of calculating, the Floating
Rate (or the index, benchmark or other price source that is referred to in the Floating Rate
Option), the Determination Agent may, after consultation with the Issuer, determine any
adjustments to the Floating Rate and the Margin (or Margin 1 or Margin 2, as applicable),
(including any adjustment spread) as well as the applicable Business Day Convention, Interest
Determination Dates (or any other rate fixing dates) and related provisions and definitions of
the Notes, in each case that are consistent with accepted market practice for the use of such
replacement or modified Floating Rate for debt obligations such as the Notes. The Issuer will
provide a notice, in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices), to Noteholders to inform them of
any adjustment determinations which will apply to the Notes. The notice shall also confirm the
effective date of any adjustments.

--- Page 111 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
96 
7.
ZERO COUPON NOTE PROVISIONS 
7.1
Application: This Condition 7 (Zero Coupon Note Provisions) is applicable to the Notes only if
the Zero Coupon Note Provisions are specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing
Supplement as being applicable. 
7.2
Late Payment on Zero Coupon Notes: If the Redemption Amount payable in respect of any
Zero Coupon Note remains unpaid when due and payable, the Redemption Amount in respect
of each Note shall thereafter be an amount equal to the product of (a) the Calculation Amount
of such Note and (b) the percentage produced by the following formula: 
Reference Price × (1+Accrual Yield)n
where "n" means the number of years from (and including) the Issue Date (or such other date
as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement as the "Accrued Value
Commencement Date") to (but excluding) the day on which all such sums due in respect of
such Note have been paid or duly made available for payment and the calculation shall be made
on the basis of such Day Count Fraction as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms or
Pricing Supplement or, if none is so specified, a Day Count Fraction of 30/360. 
8.
INFLATION-LINKED NOTE PROVISIONS 
The Issuer may issue Notes the payment of interest on which is linked to an inflation index
("Inflation-Linked Notes") in accordance with these Conditions which are specified as being
applicable in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, in accordance with the elections
made in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement. 
This Condition 8 (Inflation-Linked Note Provisions) is applicable only in relation to Notes
specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement as being Inflation-Linked Notes. 
8.1
Delay of Publication: If any level of an Inflation Index for a Reference Month which is relevant
to the calculation of a payment under the Notes (a "Relevant Level") has not been published
or announced by the day that is five Business Days prior to the next specified Interest Payment
Date or Maturity Date under the Notes or other relevant payment date as may be specified in
the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement in relation to the Notes, the Determination
Agent shall determine a Substitute Inflation Index Level (in place of such Relevant Level) in a
commercially reasonable manner in its reasonable discretion. If a Relevant Level is published
or announced at any time after the day that is five Business Days prior to the next specified
Interest Payment Date or other relevant payment date as may be specified in the applicable Final
Terms or Pricing Supplement, such Relevant Level will not be used in any calculations. The
Substitute Inflation Index Level so determined pursuant to this Condition 8.1 (Delay of
Publication), will be the definitive level for that Reference Month. 
8.2
Cessation of Publication: If a level for the Inflation Index has not been published or announced
for two consecutive months or the Inflation Index Sponsor announces that it will no longer
continue to publish or announce the Inflation Index, then the Determination Agent shall
determine a Successor Inflation Index (in lieu of any previously applicable Inflation Index) for
the purposes of the Notes by using the following methodology: 
(a)
if at any time a Successor Inflation Index has been designated by the Calculation Agent
pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Related Bond, such Successor Inflation
Index shall be designated a "Successor Inflation Index" for the purposes of all
subsequent specified Interest Payment Dates or other relevant payment date as may be
specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement in relation to the Notes,
notwithstanding that any other Successor Inflation Index may previously have been
determined under Condition 8.2(b), 8.2(c) or 8.2(d) (Cessation of Publication);
(b)
if a Successor Inflation Index has not been determined under Condition 8.2(a)
(Cessation of Publication) and a notice has been given or an announcement has been
made by the Inflation Index Sponsor, specifying that the Inflation Index will be
superseded by a replacement index specified by the Inflation Index Sponsor, and the
Determination Agent determines that such replacement index is calculated using the
same or substantially similar formula or method of calculation as used in the
calculation of the previously applicable Inflation Index, such replacement index shall

--- Page 112 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
97 
be the Inflation Index for purposes of the Notes from the date that such replacement
index comes into effect;
(c)
if a Successor Inflation Index has not been determined under Condition 8.2(a) or 8.2(b)
(Cessation of Publication), the Determination Agent shall ask five leading independent
dealers to state what the replacement Inflation Index for the Inflation Index should be.
If between four and five responses are received, and of those four or five responses,
three or more leading independent dealers state the same Inflation Index, this Inflation
Index will be deemed the "Successor Inflation Index". If three responses are
received, and two or more leading independent dealers state the same Inflation Index,
this Inflation Index will be deemed the "Successor Inflation Index". If fewer than
three responses are received, the Determination Agent will proceed to Condition 8.2(d)
(Cessation of Publication); 
(d)
if no Successor Inflation Index has been determined under Condition 8.2(a), 8.2(b) or
8.2(c) (Cessation of Publication) by the fifth Business Day prior to the next Affected
Payment Date, the Determination Agent will determine an appropriate alternative index
for such Affected Payment Date, and such index will be deemed a "Successor 
Inflation Index"; or 
(e)
If the Determination Agent determines that there is no appropriate alternative index,
the Issuer shall give not less than five Business Days' notice to redeem the Notes and
the Issuer's obligations under the Notes shall be satisfied in full upon payment in
respect of each Note of: 
(1) 
if "Fixed Redemption (Inflation Index Cessation)" is specified in the
applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, an amount per Calculation
Amount (expressed as a percentage) as specified in the applicable Final Terms
or Pricing Supplement; 
(2) 
if "Fixed Redemption (Inflation Index Cessation) Less Costs" is specified
in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, an amount per
Calculation Amount (expressed as a percentage) as specified in the applicable
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement less the reasonable cost to and/or the loss
realised by, the Issuer and/or any Affiliate in respect of break funding costs
for the Issuer term financing associated with such early redemption of the
Notes, in each case as calculated by the Determination Agent in its reasonable
discretion; or 
(3)
if "Fair Market Value (Inflation Index Cessation)" is specified in the
applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, an amount equal to the fair
market value of such Note, on such day as is selected by the Determination
Agent in its reasonable discretion (provided that such day is not more than 15
days before the date fixed for redemption of the Note), less the proportion
attributable to that Note of the reasonable cost to the Issuer and/or any
Affiliate of, or the loss realised by the Issuer and/or any Affiliate on,
unwinding any related hedging arrangements or in respect of break funding
costs for the Issuer's term financing associated with such early redemption of
the Notes, in each case as calculated by the Determination Agent in its
reasonable discretion.
8.3
Rebasing of the Inflation Index: If the Determination Agent determines that an Inflation Index
has been or will be rebased at any time, the Inflation Index as so rebased (the "Rebased 
Inflation Index") will be used for purposes of determining the level of such Inflation Index
from the date of such rebasing; provided, however, that the Determination Agent shall make
such adjustments as are made by the Calculation Agent pursuant to the terms and conditions of
the Related Bond, if any, to the levels of the Rebased Inflation Index so that the Rebased
Inflation Index levels reflect the same rate of inflation as the Inflation Index before it was
rebased. If there is no Related Bond, the Determination Agent shall make adjustments to the
levels of the Rebased Inflation Index so that the Rebased Inflation Index levels reflect the same
rate of inflation as the Inflation Index before it was rebased. Any such rebasing shall not affect
any prior payments made under the Notes.

--- Page 113 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
98 
8.4
Material Modification Prior to Payment Date: If, on or prior to the day that is five Business
Days before an Interest Payment Date or other relevant payment date in relation to the Notes,
an Inflation Index Sponsor announces that it will make a material change to an Inflation Index,
then the Determination Agent shall make any such adjustments to the Inflation Index consistent
with adjustments made to the Related Bond, or, if there is no Related Bond, only those
adjustments necessary for the modified Inflation Index to continue as the Inflation Index. 
8.5
Manifest Error in Publication: If, within 30 days of publication and prior to any relevant
Interest Payment Date or other relevant payment date in relation to the Notes, the Determination
Agent determines that the Inflation Index Sponsor has corrected the level of the Inflation Index
to remedy a manifest error in its original publication, the Determination Agent will notify the
holders of the Notes in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices) of (a) that correction, (b) the
adjusted amount that is then payable under the Notes as a result of that correction and (c) take
such other action as it may deem necessary to give effect to such correction, provided that any
amount payable pursuant to (b) above shall be paid (with no interest accruing thereon) (i) in
connection with an Inflation Index Sponsor's correction to remedy a manifest error in the level
of an Inflation Index for a Reference Month for which such Interest Payment Date or other
relevant payment date in relation to the Notes has occurred, within five Business Days after
notice of such amount payable by the Determination Agent, (ii) in connection with an Inflation
Index Sponsor's correction to remedy a manifest error in the level of an Inflation Index for a
Reference Month for which such Interest Payment Date, or other relevant payment date in
relation to the Notes has not occurred, as an adjustment to the payment obligation on the next
specified Interest Payment Date or (iii) if there is no further Interest Payment Date or other
relevant payment date in relation to the Notes, within five Business Days after notice of such
amount payable by the Determination Agent. 
8.6
Index Level Adjustment Correction: In relation to any Inflation Index, as specified in the Final
Terms or Pricing Supplement, either: (a) the first publication or announcement of the level of
the Inflation Index (disregarding estimates) by the relevant Inflation Index Sponsor for any
Reference Month shall be final and conclusive and, subject to this Condition 8 (Inflation-Linked
Note Provisions), later revisions to the level of the Inflation Index for such Reference Month
will not be used in any calculations; or (b) the first publication or announcement of a level of
the Inflation Index (disregarding estimates) published by the relevant Inflation Index Sponsor
or, if revised, any subsequent revision of such level for a Reference Month shall be final and
conclusive for such Reference Month, provided that such revisions are published or announced
up to and including the day that is two Business Days prior to any relevant Interest Payment
Date, Maturity Date or any other payment in respect of the Notes. The Issuer shall give notice
to holders of Inflation-Linked Notes of any valid revision in accordance with Condition 19
(Notices). 
8.7
Inflation-Linked Rates
If the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement as Inflation-
Linked Notes and the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement specify: 
(a)
"Leveraged Inflation Coupon", the Issuer shall, on each Interest Payment Date, pay
interest on the Notes in an amount (which may be zero) per Calculation Amount
determined by the Determination Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
𝐶𝑎𝑙𝑐𝑢𝑙𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛𝐴𝑚𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡× {[𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑟𝑎𝑔𝑒× (𝐶𝑃𝐼𝑛
𝐶𝑃𝐼𝑚
−1)] + 𝑆𝑝𝑟𝑒𝑎𝑑} × 𝐷𝑎𝑦𝐶𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡𝐹𝑟𝑎𝑐𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛
provided that, if the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement specify:
(i)
an Interest Cap, the amount calculated in accordance with the above formula
shall not exceed the Interest Cap;
(ii)
an Interest Floor, the amount calculated in accordance with the above formula
shall not be less than the Interest Floor; or
(iii)
an Interest Cap and an Interest Floor, the amount calculated in accordance
with the above formula shall not exceed the Interest Cap and shall not be less
than the Interest Floor.

--- Page 114 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
99 
(b)
"Real Inflation Coupon", the Issuer shall, on each Interest Payment Date, pay interest
on the Notes in an amount (which may be zero) per Calculation Amount determined
by the Determination Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
𝐶𝑎𝑙𝑐𝑢𝑙𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛𝐴𝑚𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡× 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑟𝑎𝑔𝑒×
𝐶𝑃𝐼𝑛
𝐶𝑃𝐼𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙
× 𝐷𝑎𝑦𝐶𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡𝐹𝑟𝑎𝑐𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛
provided that, if the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement specify:
(i)
an Interest Cap, the amount calculated in accordance with the above formula
shall not exceed the Interest Cap;
(ii)
an Interest Floor, the amount calculated in accordance with the above formula
shall not be less than the Interest Floor; or
(iii)
an Interest Cap and an Interest Floor, the amount calculated in accordance
with the above formula shall not exceed the Interest Cap and shall not be less
than the Interest Floor. 
(c)
"Cumulative Inflation Coupon", the Issuer shall, on each Interest Payment Date, pay
interest on the Notes in an amount (which may be zero) per Calculation Amount
determined by the Determination Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
𝐶𝑎𝑙𝑐𝑢𝑙𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛𝐴𝑚𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡× 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑟𝑎𝑔𝑒× (
𝐶𝑃𝐼𝑛
𝐶𝑃𝐼𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙
−1) × 𝐷𝑎𝑦𝐶𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡𝐹𝑟𝑎𝑐𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛
provided that, if the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement specify:
(i)
an Interest Cap, the amount calculated in accordance with the above formula
shall not exceed the Interest Cap;
(ii)
an Interest Floor, the amount calculated in accordance with the above formula
shall not be less than the Interest Floor; or
(iii)
an Interest Cap and an Interest Floor, the amount calculated in accordance
with the above formula shall not exceed the Interest Cap and shall not be less
than the Interest Floor. 
8.8
Calculation of Interest Amount: In respect of Inflation-Linked Notes, the Determination Agent
will, as soon as practicable after the time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined in
relation to each Interest Period, calculate the Interest Amount payable in respect of each
Inflation-Linked Note for such Interest Period. The Interest Amount will be calculated by the
Determination Agent in accordance with the formula set out above, rounding the resulting figure
to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half of any such sub-unit being rounded
upwards) and multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal to the Specified
Denomination of the relevant Note divided by the Calculation Amount. For this purpose, a
"sub-unit" means, in the case of any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such
currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, in the case of euro,
means one cent. 
8.9
Publication: The Determination Agent will cause each Rate of Interest and Interest Amount
determined by it, together with the relevant Interest Payment Date, and any other amount(s)
required to be determined by it together with any relevant payment date(s) to be notified to the
Paying Agents and each listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by
which the Notes have been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation as soon as practicable
after such determination, but (in the case of each Rate of Interest, Interest Amount and Interest
Payment Date) in any event not later than the first day of the relevant Interest Period. Notice
thereof shall also promptly be given to the Noteholders. The Determination Agent will be
entitled to recalculate any Interest Amount (on the basis of the foregoing provisions) without
notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the relevant Interest Period. If the Calculation
Amount is less than the minimum Specified Denomination, the Determination Agent shall not
be obliged to publish each Interest Amount but instead may publish only the Calculation
Amount and the Interest Amount in respect of a Note having the minimum Specified
Denomination. 
8.10
Notifications etc.: All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations,
quotations and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition

--- Page 115 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
100 
8 (Inflation-Linked Note Provisions) by the Calculation Agent will (in the absence of manifest
error) be binding on the Issuer, the Paying Agents, the Noteholders and (subject as aforesaid)
no liability to any such Person will attach to the Calculation Agent in connection with the
exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions for such purposes. 
8.11
Definitions Applicable to Inflation-Linked Notes
In relation to Inflation-Linked Notes, the following expressions have the meanings set out
below: 
"Affected Payment Date" means each Interest Payment Date or other relevant payment date
as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement in relation to the Notes
in respect of which an Inflation Index has not been published or announced; 
"Change in Law" means that, on or after the Trade Date (a) due to the adoption of or any
change in any applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law) or (b)
due to the promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or
regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including
any action taken by a taxing authority), the Issuer determines that (i) it has become illegal to
hold, acquire or dispose of Hedge Positions or (ii) it will incur a materially increased cost in
performing its obligations with respect to the Notes (including, without limitation, due to any
increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect on its tax position); 
"CPIFinal" means the official determination of the Inflation Index published for the
Determination Month (Final) subject to adjustment in accordance with the provisions of
Condition 8 (Inflation-Linked Note Provisions); 
"CPIInitial" means either of the following as specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing
Supplement: (a) the value specified as "CPIInitial" in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing
Supplement; or (b) the Initial Inflation Index Level; 
"CPIm" means, in respect of each Interest Payment Date and each Interest Period ending on
(but excluding) such Interest Payment Date, the official determination of the Inflation Index
published for the Determination Month (m) in respect of such Interest Payment Date, subject to
adjustment in accordance with the provisions of Condition 8 (Inflation-Linked Note Provisions); 
"CPIn" means, in respect of each Interest Payment Date and each Interest Period ending on
(but excluding) such Interest Payment Date, the official determination of the Inflation Index
published for the Determination Month (n) in respect of such Interest Payment Date, subject to
adjustment in accordance with the provisions of Condition 8 (Inflation-Linked Note Provisions); 
"Determination Date" means, subject to the Conditions, the date specified as such in the
applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement; 
"Determination Month" means, in respect of each Interest Payment Date, the month specified
as such in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, which may, without limitation,
also be expressed as a specified number of months before or after, as specified in the applicable
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, the relevant Interest Payment Date; 
"Determination Month (Final)" means a calendar month of the year specified as such in the
applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, and each Determination Month (Final) shall be
a "Reference Month" for the purposes of the Conditions; 
"Determination Month (Initial)" means a calendar month of the year specified as such in the
applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, and each Determination Month (Initial) shall be
a "Reference Month" for the purposes of the Conditions; 
"Determination Month (m)" means, any of the following as specified in the applicable Final
Terms or Pricing Supplement: (a) in respect of each Interest Payment Date and the Interest
Period ending on (but excluding) such Interest Payment Date, the calendar month of the year
specified in the column headed "Determination Month (m)" of the Determination Month Table
in the row corresponding to the date (specified in the column headed "Interest Payment
Date(s)") on which such Interest Payment Date is scheduled to fall; (b) in respect of each
Interest Period and the Interest Payment Date on which such Interest Period ends (but is not
included in such Interest Period), a specified number of calendar months before or after (or the
same calendar month as) the month in which such Interest Payment Date falls; or (c) in respect

--- Page 116 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
101 
of each Interest Period and the scheduled Interest Payment Date on which such Interest Period
ends (but is not included in such Interest Period), a specified number of calendar months before
or after (or the same calendar month as) the month in which the scheduled Interest Payment
Date falls. Each Determination Month (m) shall be a "Reference Month" for the purposes of
the Conditions; 
"Determination Month (n)" means, any of the following as specified in the applicable Final
Terms or Pricing Supplement: (a) in respect of each Interest Payment Date and the Interest
Period ending on (but excluding) such Interest Payment Date, the calendar month of the year
specified in the column headed "Determination Month (n)" of the Determination Month Table
in the row corresponding to the date (specified in the column headed "Interest Payment
Date(s)") on which such Interest Payment Date is scheduled to fall; (b) in respect of each
Interest Period and the Interest Payment Date on which such Interest Period ends (but is not
included in such Interest Period), a specified number of calendar months before or after (or the
same calendar month as) the month in which such Interest Payment Date falls; or (c) in respect
of each Interest Period and the scheduled Interest Payment Date on which such Interest Period
ends (but is not included in such Interest Period), a specified number of calendar months before
or after (or the same calendar month as) the month in which the scheduled Interest Payment
Date falls. Each Determination Month (n) shall be a "Reference Month" for the purposes of the
Conditions; 
"Determination Month Table" means a table specified as such in the applicable Final Terms
or Pricing Supplement, which will be in or substantially in the form set out below; 
Determination Month Table 
Interest Payment 
Date(s) 
Determination Month (n) 
Determination Month (m) 
[insert date] (repeat
as required) 
[insert calendar month and
year] (repeat as required)
[insert calendar month and
year] (repeat as required)
"Fallback Bond" means an inflation-linked bond selected by the Determination Agent and
issued by the government of a country to whose level of inflation the Inflation Index relates and
which pays a coupon or redemption amount which is calculated by reference to the Inflation
Index, with a maturity date which falls on (a) the same date as the Maturity Date, (b) if no such
bond as described in (a) can be determined, the next longest maturity after the Maturity Date or
(c) if no such bond as described in either (a) or (b) can be determined, the next shortest maturity
before the Maturity Date. If the Inflation Index relates to the level of inflation across the
European Monetary Union, the Determination Agent will select an inflation-linked bond that is
a debt obligation of one of the governments (but not any government agency) of France, Italy,
Germany or Spain and which pays a coupon or redemption amount which is calculated by
reference to the level of inflation in the European Monetary Union. In each case, the
Determination Agent will select the Fallback Bond from those inflation-linked bonds issued on
or before the Issue Date and, if there is more than one inflation-linked bond maturing on the
same date, the Fallback Bond shall be selected by the Determination Agent from those bonds.
If the Fallback Bond redeems, the Determination Agent will select a new Fallback Bond on the
same basis, but selected from all eligible bonds in issue at the time the original Fallback Bond
redeems (including any bond for which the redeemed bond is exchanged); 
"Hedge Positions" means any purchase, sale, entry into or maintenance of one or more (a)
positions or contracts in securities, options, futures, derivatives or foreign exchange, (b) stock
loan transactions or (c) other instruments or arrangements (howsoever described) by a party in
order to hedge, individually or on a portfolio basis, the Notes; 
"Hedging Disruption" means that the Issuer is unable, after using commercially reasonable
efforts, to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any
transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the risk of entering into and performing
its obligations under the Notes or (b) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such
transactions or asset(s); 
"Increased Cost of Hedging" means that the Issuer would incur a materially increased (as
compared with circumstances existing on the Trade Date) amount of tax, duty, expense or fee

--- Page 117 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
102 
(other than brokerage commissions) to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain,
unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the risk of
entering into and performing its obligations with respect to the Notes or (b) realise, recover or
remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s), provided that any such materially
increased amount that is incurred solely due to the deterioration of the creditworthiness of the
Issuer shall not be deemed an Increased Cost of Hedging; 
"Inflation Index" means any index specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing
Supplement; 
"Inflation Index Sponsor" means, in respect of an Inflation Index, the entity specified as such
in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement or, if no entity is specified, the entity that
publishes or announces (directly or through an agent) the level of the relevant Inflation Index; 
"Initial Inflation Index Level" means the official determination of the Inflation Index
published for the Determination Month (Initial) subject to adjustment in accordance with the
provisions of Condition 8 (Inflation-Linked Note Provisions); 
"Interest Cap" means an amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing
Supplement; 
"Interest Floor" means an amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing
Supplement; 
"Interest Period" means each period specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing
Supplement, and may be expressed as beginning on (and including) a specified date and ending
on (and not including) another date; 
"Leverage" means the percentage rate specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or
Pricing Supplement; 
"Reference Month" means the calendar month for which the level of the relevant Inflation
Index was reported, regardless of when this information is published or announced. If the period
for which the Inflation Index level was reported is a period other than a month, the Reference
Month will be the period for which the Inflation Index level was reported;
"Related Bond" means the bond specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing
Supplement, or if no bond is so specified, the Fallback Bond. If the Related Bond is "Fallback
Bond", then for any Related Bond determination under the Conditions, the Determination Agent
shall use the Fallback Bond (as that term is defined in this Condition 8.11 (Definitions
Applicable to Inflation-Linked Notes)). If no bond is specified in the applicable Final Terms or
Pricing Supplement as the Related Bond and "Fallback Bond: Not applicable" is specified in
the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, there will be no Related Bond. If a bond is
selected as the Related Bond in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, and that bond
redeems or matures before the relevant Maturity Date, unless "Fallback Bond: Not applicable" 
is specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, the Determination Agent shall
use the Fallback Bond for any Related Bond determination; 
"Substitute Inflation Index Level" means an Inflation Index level, determined by the
Determination Agent pursuant to the provisions of Condition 8.1 (Delay of Publication), in
respect of an Affected Payment Date; and 
"Successor Inflation Index" has the meaning specified in Condition 8.2(a) (Cessation of
Publication). 
9.
AUTOMATIC CHANGE OF INTEREST BASIS
If the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement specify "Automatic Change of Interest
Basis" to be applicable, then the Rate of Interest in respect of an Interest Period and/or Interest
Payment Date will be determined in accordance with the Interest Basis applicable to such
Interest Period and/or Interest Payment Date specified in the Interest Basis Table set out in the
applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement. 
10.
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE
10.1
Scheduled Redemption: Unless previously redeemed or cancelled, and unless otherwise
specified in the Conditions, Notes will be redeemed at their Final Redemption Amount on the

--- Page 118 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
103 
Maturity Date, subject as provided in Condition 11 (Payments) in accordance with the
Conditions. 
10.2
Tax Redemption: Notes may be redeemed in whole (but not in part), at the option of the Issuer
at any time prior to maturity, upon the giving of a notice of redemption as described below in
Condition 19 (Notices), if the Issuer determines that, as a result of: 
(a)
any change in or amendment to the laws, or any regulations or rulings promulgated
under the laws, of the U.S. or of any political subdivision or taxing authority of or in
the U.S. affecting taxation; or 
(b)
any change in official position regarding the application or interpretation of the laws,
regulations or rulings referred to above, 
which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the date of the applicable Final Terms
or Pricing Supplement in connection with the issuance of the Notes, the Issuer is or will become
obligated to pay Additional Amounts with respect to the Notes as described in Condition 12
(Taxation). The Notes will be redeemed at the Early Redemption Amount (Tax). 
Notice of redemption will be given not less than 30 nor more than 60 days prior to the date fixed
for redemption. The date and the applicable redemption price will be specified in the notice. 
10.3
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer: If the Call Option is specified in the applicable Final
Terms or Pricing Supplement as being applicable, the Notes may be redeemed at the option of
the Issuer in whole or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, in
part on any Optional Redemption Date (Call) at the relevant Optional Redemption Amount
(Call) on the Issuer's giving not less than the number of days' notice equal to the Minimum
Notice Number of Day(s), nor more than the number of days' notice equal to the Maximum
Notice Number of Day(s) to the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall oblige
the Issuer to redeem the Notes specified in such notice on the relevant Optional Redemption
Date (Call) at the Optional Redemption Amount (Call) plus accrued interest (if any) to such
date).1
10.4
Partial Redemption: If the Notes are to be redeemed in part only on any date in accordance with
Condition 10.3 (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer), the Notes to be redeemed shall be
selected by the drawing of lots in such place as the Fiscal Agent approves and in such manner
as the Fiscal Agent considers appropriate, subject to compliance with applicable law and the
rules of each listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system by which the Notes have
then been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation, and the notice to Noteholders referred to
in Condition 10.3 (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer) shall specify the serial numbers of
the Notes so to be redeemed. 
10.5
Purchase: Morgan Stanley or any of its Subsidiaries may at any time purchase Notes in the
open market or otherwise and at any price. 
10.6
Cancellation: All Notes so redeemed shall, and all Notes so purchased by Morgan Stanley or
any of its Subsidiaries may, at the discretion of the relevant purchaser, be cancelled. All Notes
so redeemed, and all Notes so purchased and cancelled, may not be reissued or resold. 
10.7
Definitions
In these Conditions: 
"Maximum Notice Number of Day(s)" means the number of days specified in the Final Terms
or Pricing Supplement; and 
"Minimum Notice Number of Day(s)" means the number of days specified in the Final Terms
or Pricing Supplement. 
11.
PAYMENTS 
11.1
Principal: Subject to Condition 11.3 (Payments of Principal and Interest in CNY), payments of
principal shall be made by cheque drawn in the currency in which the payment is due drawn on,
or, upon application by a holder of a Note to the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent not later
than the fifteenth (15th) day before the due date for any such payment, by transfer to an account
1 Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear require a minimum notice period of five business days.

--- Page 119 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
104 
denominated in that currency (or, if that currency is euro, any other account to which euro may
be credited or transferred) and maintained by the payee with, a bank in the Principal Financial
Centre of that currency (in the case of a Sterling cheque, a town clearing branch of a bank in the
City of London) and (in the case of redemption) upon surrender (or, in the case of part payment
only, endorsement) of the relevant Note Certificates at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent. 
11.2
Interest: Subject to Condition 11.3 (Payments of Principal and Interest in CNY), payments of
interest shall be made by cheque drawn in the currency in which the payment is due drawn on,
or, upon application by a holder of a Note to the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent not later
than the fifteenth (15th) day before the due date for any such payment, by transfer to an account
denominated in that currency (or, if that currency is euro, any other account to which euro may
be credited or transferred) and maintained by the payee with, a bank in the Principal Financial
Centre of that currency (in the case of a Sterling cheque, a town clearing branch of a bank in the
City of London) and (in the case of interest payable on redemption) upon surrender (or, in the
case of part payment only, endorsement) of the relevant Note Certificates at the Specified Office
of any Paying Agent. 
11.3
Payments of Principal and Interest in CNY: Notwithstanding Conditions 11.1 (Principal)
and 11.2 (Interest), in respect of CNY Notes, no payment of principal or interest in CNY will
be made by cheque and all payments to Noteholders will be made solely (a) for so long as the
CNY Notes are represented by a Note held with the common depositary for Clearstream
Banking, S.A. and Euroclear Bank SA/NV or any Relevant Clearing System, by transfer to a
CNY bank account maintained in Hong Kong, or (b) for so long as the Notes are in definitive
form, by transfer to a CNY bank account maintained in Hong Kong, in each case in accordance
with prevailing rules and regulations. 
11.4
Payments Subject to Fiscal Laws: All payments in respect of the Notes are subject in all cases
to (a) any applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations, but without prejudice to the provisions
of Condition 12 (Taxation) and (b) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an
agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986
(the "Code") or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any
regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or any law, regulation
or official guidance implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. No commissions or
expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders in respect of such payments. 
11.5
Payments on Payment Business Days: Where payment is to be made by transfer to an account,
payment instructions (for value the due date, or, if the due date is not a Payment Business Day,
for value the next succeeding Payment Business Day) will be initiated and, where payment is
to be made by cheque, the cheque will be mailed (a) (in the case of payments of principal and
interest payable on redemption) on the later of the due date for payment and the day on which
the relevant Note Certificate is surrendered (or, in the case of part payment only, endorsed) at
the Specified Office of a Paying Agent and (b) (in the case of payments of interest payable other
than on redemption) on the due date for payment. A holder of a Note shall not be entitled to any
interest or other payment in respect of any delay in payment resulting from (i) the due date for
a payment not being a Payment Business Day or (ii) a cheque mailed in accordance with this
Condition 11 (Payments) arriving after the due date for payment or being lost in the mail. 
11.6
Partial Payments: If a Paying Agent makes a partial payment in respect of any Note, the Issuer
shall procure that the amount and date of such payment are noted on the Register and, in the
case of partial payment upon presentation of a Note Certificate, that a statement indicating the
amount and the date of such payment is endorsed on the relevant Note Certificate. 
11.7
Record Date: Each payment in respect of a Note will be made to the person shown as the holder
in the Register at the opening of business in the place of the Registrar's Specified Office on such
number of days before the due date for such payment as is specified in the applicable Final
Terms or Pricing Supplement (the "Record Date"). Where payment in respect of a Note is to
be made by cheque, the cheque will be mailed to the address shown as the address of the holder
in the Register at the opening of business on the relevant Record Date. 
11.8
Unavailability of Currency: If the Specified Currency is not available to the Issuer for making
payments of principal of, and premium, interest and/or additional amounts, if any, on any Note
(whether due to the imposition of exchange controls or other circumstances beyond the control
of the Issuer, or if the Specified Currency is no longer used by the government of the country
issuing that currency or by public institutions within the international banking community for

--- Page 120 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
105 
the settlement of transactions), the Issuer may satisfy its obligations to Noteholders by making
payments on the date of payment in U.S. dollars on the basis of the prevailing exchange rate on
the date of the payment or of the most recent practicable date, such rate being based on the
highest bid quotation in The City of New York received by the Exchange Rate Agent at
approximately 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on the second Business Day preceding the
applicable payment date from three recognised foreign exchange dealers for the purchase by the
quoting dealer: 
(i)
of the Specified Currency for U.S. dollars for settlement on the payment date; 
(ii)
in the aggregate amount of the Specified Currency payable to those holders
or beneficial owners of Notes; and 
(iii)
at which the applicable dealer commits to execute a contract. 
If those bid quotations are not available, the Exchange Rate Agent will determine the Market
Exchange Rate at its reasonable discretion. All determinations by the Exchange Rate Agent will,
in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive for all purposes and binding on the Issuer and
the Noteholders. The Exchange Rate Agent will be Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc,
unless otherwise noted in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement. If the Exchange
Rate Agent is not an affiliate of Morgan Stanley, it may be one of the dealers providing
quotations. 
Any payment made in U.S. dollars on the basis of the prevailing exchange rate where the
required payment is in an unavailable Specified Currency will not constitute an Event of Default
or default. 
The foregoing provisions do not apply if a Specified Currency is unavailable because it has been
replaced by the euro. If the euro has been substituted for a Specified Currency, the Issuer may
(or will, if required by applicable law) without the consent of the holders of the affected Notes,
pay the principal of, premium, if any, or interest, if any, on any Note denominated in the
Specified Currency in euro instead of the Specified Currency, in conformity with legally
applicable measures taken pursuant to, or by virtue of, the Treaty. Any payment made in U.S.
dollars or in euro as described above where the required payment is in an unavailable Specified
Currency will not constitute an Event of Default or default. 
12.
TAXATION 
12.1
Additional Amounts: If the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement specify "Additional 
Amounts" as being applicable in respect of any Series of Notes, the Issuer will, subject to
certain exceptions and limitations set forth below, pay those additional amounts (the
"Additional Amounts") to any Noteholder who is a U.S. Alien (as defined below) as may be
necessary in order that every net payment by or on behalf of the Issuer of the principal of and
interest in respect of the Note and any other amounts payable on the Note after withholding for
or on account of any tax, assessment or governmental charge imposed upon or as a result of that
payment by the U.S. or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein, will not
be less than the amount provided for in the Note to be then due and payable. 
The Issuer will not, however, be required to make any payment of Additional Amounts to any
Noteholder for or on account of: 
(a)
any tax, assessment or other governmental charge that would not have been so imposed
but for: 
(i)
the existence of any present or former connection between the Noteholder or
beneficial owner, or between a fiduciary, settlor, beneficiary, member or
shareholder of the Noteholder, if the Noteholder is an estate, a trust, a
partnership or a corporation, and the U.S. or its possessions, including,
without limitation, the Noteholder or beneficial owner, or such fiduciary,
settlor, beneficiary, member or shareholder, being or having been a citizen or
resident of the U.S. or being or having been engaged in the conduct of a trade
or business or present in the U.S. or having, or having had, a permanent
establishment in the U.S.; or

--- Page 121 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
106 
(ii)
the presentation by the Noteholder for payment on a date more than 15 days
after the date on which payment became due and payable or the date on which
payment thereof is duly provided for, whichever occurs later; 
(b)
any estate, inheritance, gift, sales, transfer, capital gains, corporation, income or
personal property tax or any similar tax, assessment or governmental charge; 
(c)
any tax, assessment or other governmental charge imposed by reason of the
Noteholder's or beneficial owner's past or present status as a personal holding company
or controlled foreign corporation or passive foreign investment company for U.S.
federal income tax purposes or as a corporation that accumulates earnings to avoid
U.S. federal income tax or as a private foundation or other tax-exempt organisation; 
(d)
any tax, assessment or other governmental charge that is payable otherwise than by
withholding from payments on or in respect of any Note; 
(e)
any tax, assessment or other governmental charge that would not have been imposed
but for the failure to comply with certification, information or other reporting
requirements concerning the nationality, residence or identity or connection with the
U.S. of the holder or beneficial owner of that Note, if compliance is required by statute
or by regulation or published administrative guidance of the U.S. or of any political
subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein as a precondition to relief or
exemption from the tax, assessment or other governmental charge; 
(f)
any withholding tax imposed under Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code or any
agreement with the IRS pursuant to these Code sections, any applicable U.S. Treasury
regulations
promulgated
thereunder
or
published
administrative
guidance
implementing such sections and any provisions under non-U.S. law analogous or
relating to the foregoing (including withholding resulting from any inter-governmental
agreement or other agreement between the U.S. and any non-U.S. taxing authority in
connection with such sections of the Code, regulations, guidance or laws); 
(g)
any tax, assessment or other governmental charge imposed by reason of the
Noteholder's or beneficial owner's past or present status as the actual or constructive
owner of 10 per cent. or more of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock
entitled to vote of Morgan Stanley;
(h)
any tax, assessment or other governmental charge that a holder or beneficial owner
would have been able to avoid by presenting the relevant Note to another paying agent
in a member state of the European Union or the United Kingdom; or 
(i)
any combination of the items listed above. 
Nor will Additional Amounts be paid with respect to any payment on a Note to a U.S. Alien
who is a fiduciary or partnership or other than the sole beneficial owner of that payment to the
extent that payment would be required by the laws of the U.S. (or any political subdivision
thereof) to be included in the income, for tax purposes, of a beneficiary or settlor with respect
to the fiduciary or a member of that partnership or a beneficial owner who would not have been
entitled to the Additional Amounts had that beneficiary, settlor, member or beneficial owner
been the Noteholder. 
The term "U.S. Alien" means any person who, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, is a foreign
corporation, a non-resident alien individual, a foreign trust, or a foreign partnership one or more
of the members of which is a foreign corporation, a non-resident alien individual or a non-
resident alien fiduciary of a foreign estate or trust. 
13.
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
13.1
If any of the following events (each an "Event of Default") occurs and is continuing: 
(a)
Non-payment: the Issuer fails to pay any amount of principal in respect of the Notes
or fails to pay any amount of interest in respect of the Notes, in each case within 30
days of the respective due date for payment thereof; or 
(b)
Insolvency, etc.: (i) the Issuer becomes insolvent or is unable to pay its debts as they
fall due; (ii) an administrator or liquidator of the Issuer or the whole or a substantial
part of the undertaking, assets and revenues of the Issuer is appointed (otherwise than

--- Page 122 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
107 
for the purposes of or pursuant to an amalgamation, reorganisation or restructuring
whilst solvent); (iii) the Issuer takes any action for a composition with or for the benefit
of its creditors generally; or (iv) an order is made or an effective resolution is passed
for the winding up, liquidation or dissolution of the Issuer (otherwise than for the
purposes of or pursuant to an amalgamation, reorganisation or restructuring whilst
solvent), and such order or effective resolution has remained in force and has not been
rescinded, revoked or set aside for 60 days after the date on which such order is made
or effective resolution is passed, 
then Noteholders of not less than 25 per cent. in aggregate principal amount of the Notes may,
by written notice addressed to the Issuer and delivered to the Issuer or to the Specified Office
of the Fiscal Agent, declare the Notes to be immediately due and payable, whereupon they shall
become so due and payable at their Early Redemption Amount without further action or
formality. Notice of any such declaration shall promptly be given to the Noteholders. 
13.2
Annulment of Acceleration and Waiver of Defaults: In some circumstances, if any or all Events
of Default, other than the non-payment of the principal of the Notes of a Series that has become
due as a result of an acceleration, have been cured, waived or otherwise remedied, then the
holders of a majority in principal amount of such Series of Notes (voting as one class) may
annul past declarations of acceleration of or waive past defaults of the Notes. However, any
continuing default in payment of principal of or any premium or interest on those Notes may
not be waived. 
14.
PRESCRIPTION
Claims for principal and interest on redemption in respect of Notes shall become void unless
the relevant Note Certificates are surrendered for payment within 10 years of the appropriate
Relevant Date. 
15.
REPLACEMENT OF NOTES
If any Note or Note Certificate is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced
at the Specified Office of the Registrar, during normal business hours (and, if the Notes are then
admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any listing authority, stock exchange and/or
quotation system which requires the appointment of a Paying Agent or Transfer Agent in any
particular place, the Paying Agent or Transfer Agent having its Specified Office in the place
required by such listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system), subject to all
applicable laws and stock exchange requirements, upon payment by the claimant of the
expenses incurred in connection with such replacement and on such terms as to evidence,
security, indemnity and otherwise as the Issuer may reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced
Notes or Note Certificates must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
16.
AGENTS
16.1
In acting under the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement and in connection with the Notes, the
Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume any obligations towards or
relationship of agency or trust for or with any of the Noteholders. All calculation and
determination functions required of the relevant Agent may be delegated to such persons as the
relevant Agent may decide and all notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates,
calculations, quotations and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of
the Notes by the Agents or the Issuer shall (in the absence of manifest error or wilful
misconduct) be binding on the Issuer and the Noteholders, and (subject as aforesaid) no liability
to the Noteholders (or any of them) shall attach to the Agents or the Issuer in connection with
the exercise or non-exercise by any of them of their powers, duties and discretions for such
purposes. 
16.2
The initial Agents and their initial Specified Office are listed below on the inside back cover of
this Base Prospectus. The initial Calculation Agent is The Bank of New York Mellon, London
Branch. The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of any
Agent and to appoint a successor Fiscal Agent or Registrar or Calculation Agent or additional
or successor paying agents; provided, however, that: 
(a)
there shall at all times be a Registrar appointed in respect of the Notes;

--- Page 123 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
108 
(b)
if a Calculation Agent is specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement,
the Issuer shall at all times maintain a Calculation Agent; 
(c)
if a Determination Agent is specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing
Supplement, the Issuer shall at all times maintain a Determination Agent; and 
(d)
if and for so long as the Notes are admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any
listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system which requires the
appointment of a Paying Agent and/or a Transfer Agent in any particular place, the
Issuer shall maintain a Paying Agent and/or a Transfer Agent having its Specified
Office in the place required by such listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation
system. 
16.3
Notice of any change in any of the Paying Agents or in their Specified Offices shall promptly
be given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices). 
16.4
Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary, the Determination Agent shall act as an expert
and not as an agent for the Issuer or the Noteholders and all determinations, considerations and
decisions made by the Determination Agent shall, in the absence of manifest error, wilful default
or bad faith, be final and conclusive and the Determination Agent shall have no liability in
relation to such determinations except in the case of its wilful default or bad faith. 
16.5
Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary, the Calculation Agent shall act as an expert and
not as an agent for the Issuer or the Noteholders and all determinations, considerations and
decisions made by the Calculation Agent shall, in the absence of manifest error, wilful default
or bad faith, be final and conclusive and the Calculation Agent shall have no liability in relation
to such determinations except in the case of its wilful default or bad faith. 
17.
MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS AND MODIFICATION
17.1
Meetings of Noteholders: The Issue and Paying Agency Agreement contains provisions for
convening meetings of Noteholders to consider matters relating to the Notes, including the
modification of any provision of the Conditions. Any such modification may be made if
sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution. Such a meeting may be convened by the Issuer and
shall be convened by it upon the request in writing of Noteholders holding not less than
one-tenth of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes. The quorum at any
meeting convened to vote on an Extraordinary Resolution will be two or more Persons holding
or representing one more than half of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes
or, at any adjourned meeting, two or more Persons being or representing Noteholders whatever
the principal amount of the Notes held or represented, provided, however, that Reserved Matters
may only be sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders at
which two or more Persons holding or representing not less than three-quarters or, at any
adjourned meeting, one quarter of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes form
a quorum. Any Extraordinary Resolution duly passed at any such meeting shall be binding on
all the Noteholders, whether present or not. 
In addition, a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of all Noteholders who for the time
being are entitled to receive notice of a meeting of Noteholders will take effect as if it were an
Extraordinary Resolution. Such a resolution in writing may be contained in one document or
several documents in the same form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more Noteholders. 
17.2
Modification
(a)
The Notes and the Conditions may be amended without the consent of the Noteholders
where, in the reasonable opinion of the Issuer: 
(i)
the amendment is to correct a manifest error or to effect a modification which
is of a formal, minor or technical nature;
(ii)
the amendment is to cure any ambiguity or is to correct or supplement any
defective provisions; 
(iii)
the amendment is to correct an error or omission such that, in the absence of
such correction, the relevant terms proposed to be corrected would not
otherwise represent the intended terms on which the relevant Notes were sold
and have since traded; or

--- Page 124 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
109 
(iv)
the amendment is not materially prejudicial to the interest of the Noteholders. 
(b)
The parties to the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement may agree to modify any
provision thereof, but the Issuer shall not agree, without the consent of the Noteholders,
to any such modification unless it is of a type contemplated in Condition 17.2(a). 
17.3
Interests of Noteholders: In connection with the Conditions, the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent
shall have regard to the interests of the Noteholders as a class. In particular, but without
limitation, the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent shall not have regard to the consequences for
individual Noteholders resulting from such individual Noteholders being for any purpose
domiciled or resident in, or otherwise connected with, or subject to the jurisdiction of, any
particular territory. 
17.4
Severance: Should any of the provisions contained in the Conditions be or become invalid, the
validity of the remaining provisions shall not be affected in any way. 
18.
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Noteholders, create and issue
further notes having the same terms and conditions as the Notes in all respects (or in all respects
except for the first payment of interest) so as to form a single series with the Notes. 
19.
NOTICES 
19.1
Notes: Notices to holders of Notes shall be sent to them by first class mail (or its equivalent) or
(if posted to an overseas address) by airmail at their respective last addresses on the Register.
Notices to holders of registered Notes in global form shall be sent to them by delivery of the
relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other Relevant
Clearing System for communication by them to the holders of the Notes. To the extent the Notes
are admitted to listing on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to trading on
the Luxembourg Regulated Market or the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's Euro MTF market,
notices to holders will be published in accordance with the rules of the Luxembourg Stock
Exchange, and, if permitted by the rules and regulations of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange,
on the Issuer's website at http://sp.morganstanley.com/EU/Documents. 
19.2
Unlisted Notes: Notices to Noteholders of non-listed Notes may be published, as specified in
the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, in newspapers, on the Issuer's website at
http://sp.morganstanley.com/EU/Documents, or otherwise. 
20.
LOSSES 
In no event shall the Issuer or the Agents have any liability for indirect, incidental, consequential
or other damages (whether or not it may have been advised of the possibility of such damages)
other than interest until the date of payment on sums not paid when due in respect of any Notes
or assets not delivered when due. Noteholders are entitled to damages only and are not entitled
to the remedy of specific performance in respect of any Note. 
21.
CURRENCY INDEMNITY 
21.1
If any sum due from the Issuer in respect of the Notes or any order or judgment given or made
in relation thereto has to be converted from the currency (the "first currency") in which the
same is payable under the Conditions or such order or judgment into another currency (the
"second currency") for the purpose of (a) making or filing a claim or proof against the Issuer,
(b) obtaining an order or judgment in any court or other tribunal or (c) enforcing any order or
judgment given or made in relation to the Notes, the Issuer shall indemnify each Noteholder, on
the written demand of such Noteholder addressed to the Issuer and delivered to the Issuer or to
the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent, against any loss suffered as a result of any discrepancy
between (i) the rate of exchange used for such purpose to convert the sum in question from the
first currency into the second currency and (ii) the rate or rates of exchange at which such
Noteholder may in the ordinary course of business purchase the first currency with the second
currency upon receipt of a sum paid to it in satisfaction, in whole or in part, of any such order,
judgment, claim or proof. 
21.2
This indemnity constitutes a separate and independent obligation of the Issuer and shall give
rise to a separate and independent cause of action.

--- Page 125 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
110 
22.
ROUNDING 
For the purposes of any calculations referred to in the Conditions (unless otherwise specified in
the Conditions or the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement), (a) all percentages
resulting from such calculations will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one
hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with 0.000005 per cent. rounded up to 0.00001 per
cent.), (b) all U.S. dollar amounts used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded to
the nearest cent (with one-half cent rounded upward), (c) all Japanese Yen amounts used in or
resulting from such calculations will be rounded downward to the next lower whole Japanese
Yen amount (or, if specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, upward to
the next upper whole Japanese Yen amount or, rounded to the nearest whole Japanese Yen
amount) and (d) all amounts denominated in any other currency used in or resulting from such
calculations will be rounded to the nearest two decimal places in such currency (with 0.005
rounded up to 0.01).
23.
REDENOMINATION, RENOMINALISATION AND RECONVENTIONING 
23.1
Application: This Condition 23 (Redenomination, Renominalisation and Reconventioning) is
applicable to the Notes only if it is specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement
as being applicable. 
23.2
Notice of Redenomination: If the country of the Specified Currency becomes, or announces its
intention to become, a Participating Member State, the Issuer may, without the consent of the
Noteholders, on giving at least 30 days' prior notice to the Noteholders and the Paying Agents,
designate a date (the "Redenomination Date"), being an Interest Payment Date under the
Notes falling on or after the date on which such country becomes a Participating Member State. 
23.3
Redenomination: Notwithstanding the other provisions of the Conditions, with effect from the
Redenomination Date, the Notes shall be deemed to be redenominated into euro in the
denomination of euro 0.01 with a principal amount for each Note equal to the principal amount
of that Note in the Specified Currency, converted into euro at the rate for conversion of such
currency into euro established by the Council of the European Union pursuant to the Treaty
(including compliance with rules relating to rounding in accordance with European Union
regulations); provided, however, that, if the Issuer determines, with the agreement of the Fiscal
Agent that the then market practice in respect of the redenomination into euro 0.01 of
internationally offered securities is different from that specified above, such provisions shall be
deemed to be amended so as to comply with such market practice and the Issuer shall promptly
notify the Noteholders, each listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any)
by which the Notes have been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation and the Paying
Agents of such deemed amendments. 
23.4
Interest:
Following
redenomination
of
the
Notes
pursuant
to
this
Condition
23
(Redenomination, Renominalisation and Reconventioning), where Notes have been issued in
definitive form, the amount of interest due in respect of such Notes will be calculated by
reference to the aggregate principal amount of the Notes presented for payment by the relevant
holder. 
23.5
Interest Determination Date: If the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the
applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement as being applicable and Screen Rate
Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement as the manner
in which the Floating Interest Rate(s) is/are to be determined, with effect from the
Redenomination Date, the Interest Determination Date shall be deemed to be the second
TARGET Settlement Day before the first day of the relevant Interest Period. 
24.
INCONVERTIBILITY EVENTS 
24.1
If, in respect of any Series of Notes, the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement specifies
that "Inconvertibility Event Provisions" are applicable, this Condition 24 (Inconvertibility
Events) shall apply in respect of such Notes. 
24.2
If, at any time during the term of such Notes, the Determination Agent determines that an
Inconvertibility Event has occurred, it will inform the Issuer of the occurrence of such event.
Following the determination by the Determination Agent of the occurrence of an
Inconvertibility Event, the Issuer may, at its reasonable discretion, provide a notice of the

--- Page 126 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
111 
occurrence of such an event of inconvertibility to the holders of the Notes in accordance with
Condition 19 (Notices) electing either: 
(a)
if "Converted Payment" is specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing
Supplement: to continue making any payments due under such Notes until the Maturity
Date, in which case any amount due under such Notes shall be converted from the
Relevant Currency into the Inconvertibility Specified Currency at the Fallback FX Spot
Rate determined by the Determination Agent in its reasonable discretion;
(b)
if "Early Redemption" is specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing
Supplement: to early redeem the Notes on a specified date (such date the
"Inconvertibility Early Redemption Date"), in which case the Notes shall early
redeem at the Inconvertibility Early Redemption Amount on such Inconvertibility
Early Redemption Date. The Issuer's obligations under the Notes shall be satisfied in
full upon payment of such amount; or 
(c)
if "Suspended Payment" is specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing
Supplement: to suspend the payment until such number of Business Days as are
specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement after the Determination
Agent has notified the Issuer that, in the Determination Agent's reasonable discretion,
the Inconvertibility Event has ceased or is no longer in effect, 
provided that the Issuer may, at any time from and including the Trade Date to and including
the Maturity Date, subsequent to the despatch of a notice electing one of the selected options
other than "Early Redemption", dispatch a second notice electing "Early Redemption",
provided that such option was specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing
Supplement, in which case the Notes will be redeemed in accordance with the terms of "Early
Redemption" above and the date specified in such notice will be the Inconvertibility Early
Redemption Date. 
For the avoidance of doubt, failure to deliver such notice or the failure of the recipient to receive
such notice will not affect the Issuer's ability to make payments according to the option it
selected. 
24.3
Definitions: 
"Fallback FX Spot Rate" means the relevant currency exchange rate determined in accordance
with the applicable Settlement Rate Option and, if a Settlement Rate Option is not applicable,
the currency exchange rate at the time at which such rate is to be determined for foreign
exchange transactions in the Specified Currency or the Inconvertibility Specified Currency for
value on the relevant Inconvertibility Early Redemption Date, as determined in good faith and
in a commercially reasonable manner by the Determination Agent; 
"Inconvertibility Early Redemption Amount" means: 
(a)
if "Fixed Redemption" is specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing
Supplement, an amount per Calculation Amount as specified as such in the applicable
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement; 
(b)
if "Early Redemption Amount" is specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing
Supplement, an amount equal to the Early Redemption Amount (i) converted from the
Relevant Currency into the Inconvertibility Specified Currency at the exchange rate
(expressed as a number of the Relevant Currency per one unit of the Inconvertibility
Specified Currency) determined by the Determination Agent in its reasonable
discretion for settlement on or about the relevant payment date and (ii) less the
reasonable cost to and/or the loss realised by, the Issuer and/or any Affiliate in respect
of break funding costs for the Issuer term financing associated with such early
redemption of the Notes, in each case as calculated by the Determination Agent in its
reasonable discretion; or 
(c)
if "Fair market value" is specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing
Supplement, an amount, in the Inconvertibility Specified Currency, equal to the fair
market value of such Notes, on such day as is selected by the Determination Agent in
its reasonable discretion (provided that such day is not more than 15 days before the
Inconvertibility Early Redemption Date), less the proportion attributable to that Note

--- Page 127 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
112 
of the reasonable cost to the Issuer and/or any Affiliate of, or the loss realised by the
Issuer and/or any Affiliate on, unwinding any related hedging arrangements or in
respect of break funding costs for the Issuer's term financing associated with such early
redemption of the Notes, in each case as calculated by the Determination Agent in its
reasonable discretion; 
An "Inconvertibility Event" shall be deemed to have occurred if from (and including) the
Trade Date to (and including) the Maturity Date, any event or circumstance occurs that generally
makes it, in the reasonable discretion of the Determination Agent, impossible, unlawful or
impracticable for the Issuer, the Determination Agent or any of its affiliates for any reason
beyond their reasonable control: 
(a)
to convert the Relevant Currency into the Inconvertibility Specified Currency or the
Inconvertibility Specified Currency into the Relevant Currency (whether directly or
through a cross exchange rate) through customary legal channels; or 
(b)
to determine the rate of conversion of the Inconvertibility Specified Currency into the
Relevant Currency or the Relevant Currency into the Inconvertibility Specified
Currency or 
(c)
to transfer, or make a payment in, or delivery of, the Relevant Currency from or to,
outside, or inside, of the Relevant Jurisdiction, in each case under (i), (ii) or (iii), in an
amount up to the total amount of payment due to be made by the Issuer under the
Notes; or 
(d)
to determine a rate at which any Relevant Currency can be lawfully exchanged for U.S.
dollars; or 
(e)
to convert any Relevant Currency into U.S. dollars; or 
(f)
for the Issuer or any of its affiliates to hold, purchase, sell or otherwise deal in any
Notes, or any other property in order for the Issuer or any of its affiliates to perform
any related hedging arrangement, or for the purposes of the Issuer or the Issuer's
obligations in respect of any Notes;
"Inconvertibility Specified Currency" means the currency specified in the applicable Final
Terms or Pricing Supplement; 
"Relevant Currency" means the currency as specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing
Supplement; and 
"Relevant Jurisdiction" means the jurisdiction as specified in the applicable Final Terms or
Pricing Supplement. 
25.
CNY DISRUPTION EVENTS 
25.1
In the event that a CNY Disruption Event, as determined by the Determination Agent in its
reasonable discretion, occurs on or prior to any date on which a payment is scheduled to be
made under a CNY Note (including, but not limited to, an Interest Payment Date or the Maturity
Date) and such CNY Disruption Event is continuing on such date (any such CNY Note so
affected, an "Affected CNY Note"), the following terms will apply: 
(a)
first, payments under the Affected CNY Note shall be postponed to two Hong Kong
Business Days after the date on which the CNY Disruption Event ceases to exist, unless
that CNY Disruption Event continues to exist for 14 consecutive calendar days from
the original date that, but for the occurrence of the CNY Disruption Event, would have
been the date for such payments (which payment date may be, but is not limited to, an
Interest Payment Date or the Maturity Date). In that case, the provisions of Condition
25.1(b) (CNY Disruption Events) will apply on the day immediately following the lapse
of such 14-calendar day period; 
(b)
secondly, the relevant payment obligations under the Affected CNY Note shall be
replaced by an obligation to pay an amount that would be due as if settlement were
non-deliverable with the effect that any amounts in CNY payable under the Affected
CNY Note shall be converted into an amount in USD as calculated by the
Determination Agent in its reasonable discretion. All the payments hereunder shall be
made in USD on the relevant Non-Deliverable Substitute Settlement Date. For the

--- Page 128 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
113 
avoidance of doubt, this Condition 25.1(b) (CNY Disruption Events) shall only apply
to any payment which is scheduled to occur on a date (which may be, but is not limited
to, the Maturity Date or an Interest Payment Date) that is affected by the CNY
Disruption Event and shall not affect any payments falling due on any other dates. 
25.2
For the purpose of this Condition 25 (CNY Disruption Events): 
"CNY Disruption Event" means any of CNY Illiquidity, CNY Inconvertibility or CNY Non-
Transferability. 
"CNY Illiquidity" means, as determined by the Determination Agent in its reasonable
discretion, the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible (where it had previously been
possible) for the Issuer to obtain a firm quote of an offer price in respect of an amount in CNY
equal to the then current outstanding principal amount of the relevant Affected CNY Notes, any
interest or any other amount to be paid under such Notes (the "Relevant Disrupted Amount"),
during the term of such Notes, either in one transaction or a commercially reasonable number
of transactions that, when taken together, is no less than such Relevant Disrupted Amount, in
the general CNY exchange market in each Offshore CNY Centre in order to perform its
obligations under the Affected CNY Notes. 
"CNY Inconvertibility" means, as determined by the Determination Agent in its reasonable
discretion, the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible (where it had previously been
possible) for the Issuer to convert an amount of CNY no less than the Relevant Disrupted
Amount into or from USD in the general CNY exchange market in each Offshore CNY Centre. 
"CNY Non-Transferability" means, as determined by the Determination Agent in its
reasonable discretion, the occurrence in each Offshore CNY Centre of any event that makes it
impossible (where it had previously been possible) for the Issuer to transfer CNY (a) between
accounts inside the Offshore CNY Centre, (b) from an account inside the Offshore CNY Centre
to an account outside such Offshore CNY Centre and outside mainland China or (c) from an
account outside an Offshore CNY Centre and outside mainland China to an account inside the
Offshore CNY Centre. For the purpose of CNY Non-Transferability and Hong Kong as an
Offshore CNY Centre only, a segregated Chinese Renminbi fiduciary cash account with the
People's Bank of China and operated by Bank of China (Hong Kong) Limited shall be deemed
to be an account inside Hong Kong. 
"CNY Notes" means Notes denominated in CNY or Renminbi deliverable in Hong Kong, or
such other CNY Centre as specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement. 
"Hong Kong Business Day" means any day, other than a Saturday or a Sunday, that is neither
a legal holiday nor a day on which banking institutions are authorised or required by law or
regulation to close in Hong Kong. 
"Non-Deliverable Substitute Settlement Date" means, in respect of any payment date
determined pursuant to the terms herein, subject to adjustment in accordance with the provisions
of Condition 25.1(a) (CNY Disruption Events) and/or any Business Day Convention applicable
to the terms of an Affected CNY Note, the day determined by the Determination Agent which
shall be as soon as practicable, but in no event later than two Hong Kong Business Days after
the date on which the USD/CNY Spot Rate is determined. 
"Offshore CNY Centre" means Hong Kong, or such other CNY Centre as specified in the
applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement. 
"USD/CNY Spot Rate" means the Chinese Renminbi/U.S. dollar official fixing rate, expressed
as the amount of Chinese Renminbi per one U.S. dollar, for settlement in two Hong Kong
Business Days reported by the Treasury Markets Association which appears on Reuters page
<CNHFIX=> at approximately 11:15 a.m., Hong Kong time (the "Spot USD/CNY(HK) 
Fixing"). In the event that the Spot USD/CNY(HK) Fixing is not available, the Determination
Agent may in its reasonable discretion (a) delay the determination of the USD/CNY Spot Rate
until such day that the Spot USD/CNY(HK) Fixing is available or (b) determine the USD/CNY
spot rate in its reasonable discretion.

--- Page 129 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
114 
For the avoidance of doubt, references to "general CNY exchange market in each Offshore
CNY Centre" in the definitions of CNY Illiquidity and CNY Inconvertibility refers to purchase,
sale, lending or borrowing of CNY for general purpose (including, but not limited to, funding),
and therefore any purchase or sale of CNY where such CNY is required by relevant laws or
regulations for settlement of any cross-border trade transaction with an entity in mainland
China, or any purchase or sale of CNY for personal customers residing in each such Offshore
CNY Centre, would not be purchase or sale made in such general CNY exchange market. 
26.
SUBSTITUTION 
26.1
Substitution of Issuer with Morgan Stanley Group Entities
Subject to the conditions set out in this Condition 26 (Substitution), the Issuer may, at any time,
without the consent of Noteholders, substitute a Subsidiary of Morgan Stanley in place of the
Issuer as principal debtor under the Notes, provided that any Notes in respect of which such a
substitution is effected will be fully and unconditionally guaranteed pursuant to a guarantee of
Morgan Stanley as to the payment of principal of, premium, interest and supplemental amounts,
if any, and any Additional Amounts on those Notes when and as the same will become due and
payable, whether at maturity or otherwise, and provided further that, under the terms of the
guarantee, Noteholders will not be required to exercise their remedies against the substitute prior
to proceeding directly against Morgan Stanley (as guarantor). 
26.2
Substitution of Issuer with Non Morgan Stanley Group Entities
Subject to the conditions set out in this Condition 26 (Substitution), the Issuer may, at any time,
without the consent of the Noteholders, substitute for itself any entity which is not a Morgan
Stanley Group entity, provided that such entity is, on the date of such substitution and in the
opinion of the Issuer, of at least the equivalent creditworthiness (this will be deemed to be the
case where the Substitute (defined below) has a long-term credit rating from at least one rating
agency of standard application on the international capital markets (including, but not limited
to, S&P, Moody's and Fitch) which is at least as high as the Issuer) to the Issuer.
26.3
Conditions to Substitution
Substitution of the Issuer for another entity (the "Substitute") as provided in Condition 26.1
(Substitution of Issuer with Morgan Stanley Group Entities) or 26.2 (Substitution of Issuer with
Non Morgan Stanley Group Entities) (as applicable) are subject to the following conditions: 
(a)
the Substitute becoming party to the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement with any
appropriate consequential amendments, as if it had been an original party to it in place
of the Issuer;
(b)
the Substitute is validly existing under the laws under which it is established or
incorporated, has capacity to assume all rights, obligations and liabilities under the
Notes, receipts, coupons, and has obtained all necessary corporate authorisations to
assume all such rights, obligations and liabilities under the Notes;
(c)
the Substitute has obtained all necessary governmental or regulatory approvals and
consents for the performance by it of its obligations in connection with the Notes and
that all such approvals and consents are in full force and effect;
(d)
in the case of substitution of the Issuer pursuant to Condition 26.2 (Substitution of
Issuer with Non Morgan Stanley Group Entities) only: 
(i)
the Substitute and the Issuer having obtained legal opinions from independent
legal advisers of recognised standing in the country of incorporation of the
Substitute and in New York that the obligations of the Substitute under the
Notes are legal, valid and binding obligations of the Substitute; and 
(ii)
if the relevant Notes are rated at the relevant time, the Substitute has obtained,
prior to the substitution date, a written confirmation from the relevant rating
agencies that the substitution will not result in whole or in part in a
withdrawal, downgrading, placement in creditwatch or negative outlook of
the Notes; 
(e)
all consents and approvals as required have been obtained and that the Substitute and
the Notes comply with all applicable requirements of the Securities Act;

--- Page 130 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
115 
(f)
the Fiscal Agent has confirmed to the Issuer that it has completed its relevant "know
your customer" requirements on the proposed Substitute; 
(g)
such substitution being permitted by the rules of any stock exchange on which the
Notes are listed and each such stock exchange confirming that, following the proposed
substitution of the Substitute, the Notes will continue to be listed on such stock
exchange; 
(h)
no payment in respect of the Notes, receipts and coupons is overdue at the relevant
time; 
(i)
at the time of any such substitution, the Substitute is in a position to fulfil all payment
obligations arising from or in connection with the Notes in freely convertible and
transferable lawful money without the necessity of any taxes or duties to be withheld
at source (except for any type of withholding taxes that would have applied to
payments by the Issuer if the substitution did not occur), and to transfer all amounts
which are required therefor to the Fiscal Agent without any restrictions; and 
(j)
if appropriate, the Substitute appointing a process agent as its agent in England to
receive service of process on its behalf in relation to any legal action or proceedings
arising out of or in connection with the Notes. 
26.4
Reference in the Conditions to the Issuer
In the event of a substitution pursuant to this Condition 26 (Substitution), any reference in the
Conditions to the Issuer shall be construed as a reference to the entity substituted. 
26.5
Notification to Noteholders
The Issuer shall as soon as reasonably practicable notify Noteholders of the substitution in
accordance with Condition 19 (Notices). 
26.6
No Obligation to have Regard to the Consequences of the Exercise of the Right of Substitution
In connection with the right of substitution under this Condition 26 (Substitution), the Issuer
shall not be obliged to have regard to the consequences of the exercise of such right for
individual Noteholders, provided that the Substitute indemnifies each holder of Notes, receipts
and coupons against any tax, assessment or governmental charge imposed on such Noteholder
or required to be withheld or deducted as a consequence of such substitution. 
26.7
Tax Consequences of Substitution 
If the Issuer substitutes an entity in place of the Issuer as principal debtor under the Notes, the
tax consequences (including the withholding tax consequences) of holding the Notes may
change. Except as provided in Condition 12.1 (Additional Amounts), if withholding is required
on the Notes, no additional amounts will be required to be paid. 
27.
REPRESENTATIONS AND ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS BY NOTEHOLDERS 
Each Noteholder shall be deemed to represent and acknowledge to the Issuer on acquiring any
Notes that: 
27.1
neither the Issuer nor any Affiliate or any of their agents is acting as a fiduciary for it or provides
investment, tax, accounting, legal or other advice in respect of the Notes and that such
Noteholder and its advisers are not relying on any communication (written or oral and including,
without limitation, opinions of third party advisers) of the Issuer or any Affiliate as (a) legal,
regulatory,
tax,
business,
investment,
financial,
accounting
or
other
advice,
(b)
a
recommendation to invest in any Notes or (c) an assurance or guarantee as to the expected results
of an investment in the Notes (it being understood that information and explanations related to
the terms and conditions of the Notes shall not be considered to be any such advice,
recommendation, assurance or guarantee and should be independently confirmed by the
recipient and its advisers prior to making any such investment); and 
27.2
such Noteholder (a) has consulted with its own legal, regulatory, tax, business, investments,
financial and accounting advisers to the extent that it has deemed necessary, and has made its
own investment, hedging, and trading decisions based upon its own judgement and upon any
advice from such advisers as it has deemed necessary and not upon any view expressed by the
Issuer or any Affiliate or any of their agents and (b) is acquiring the Notes with a full

--- Page 131 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
116 
understanding of the terms, conditions and risks thereof and it is capable of and willing to
assume those risks. 
28.
GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION 
28.1
Governing Law: The Notes will be governed by the laws of the State of New York.
28.2
Jurisdiction: Morgan Stanley for the benefit of the Noteholders hereby (a) irrevocably submits
to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of any New York State court or U.S. federal court sitting in the
Borough of Manhattan in the City of New York solely for purposes of any legal action or
proceeding arising out of or relating to the Notes and (b) irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent
permitted by law, any objection that it may now or hereafter have to the laying of venue of any
legal action or proceeding in any New York State court or U.S. federal court sitting in the
Borough of Manhattan in the City of New York, and any claim that any such action or
proceedings brought in any such court has been brought in an inconvenient forum. Morgan
Stanley agrees that a final judgment in any such legal action or proceeding shall be conclusive
and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any other manner
provided by law.

--- Page 132 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Notes 
117 
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS FOR NOTES  
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS:
THE NOTES ARE NOT INTENDED TO BE OFFERED, SOLD OR OTHERWISE MADE
AVAILABLE TO AND SHOULD NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD OR OTHERWISE MADE
AVAILABLE TO ANY RETAIL INVESTOR IN THE EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA (THE
"EEA"). FOR THESE PURPOSES, A RETAIL INVESTOR IN THE EEA MEANS A PERSON WHO
IS ONE (OR MORE) OF:
(A)
A RETAIL CLIENT AS DEFINED IN POINT (11) OF ARTICLE 4(1) OF DIRECTIVE
2014/65/EU, AS AMENDED ("MiFID II");
(B)
A CUSTOMER WITHIN THE MEANING OF DIRECTIVE (EU) 2016/97, WHERE THAT
CUSTOMER WOULD NOT QUALIFY AS A PROFESSIONAL CLIENT AS DEFINED IN
POINT (10) OF ARTICLE 4(1) OF MiFID II; OR 
(C)
NOT A QUALIFIED INVESTOR AS DEFINED IN REGULATION (EU) 2017/1129 (THE
"PROSPECTUS REGULATION").
CONSEQUENTLY, NO KEY INFORMATION DOCUMENT REQUIRED BY REGULATION (EU)
NO 1286/2014, AS AMENDED (THE "PRIIPS REGULATION") FOR OFFERING OR SELLING
THE NOTES OR OTHERWISE MAKING THEM AVAILABLE TO RETAIL INVESTORS IN THE
EEA HAS BEEN PREPARED AND, THEREFORE, OFFERING OR SELLING THE NOTES OR
OTHERWISE MAKING THEM AVAILABLE TO ANY RETAIL INVESTOR IN THE EEA MAY BE
UNLAWFUL UNDER THE PRIIPS REGULATION.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS: 
THE NOTES ARE NOT INTENDED TO BE OFFERED, SOLD OR OTHERWISE MADE
AVAILABLE TO AND SHOULD NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD OR OTHERWISE MADE
AVAILABLE TO ANY RETAIL INVESTOR IN THE UNITED KINGDOM (THE "UK"). FOR
THESE PURPOSES, A RETAIL INVESTOR IN THE UK MEANS A PERSON WHO IS ONE (OR
MORE) OF: 
(A)
A RETAIL CLIENT AS DEFINED IN POINT (8) OF ARTICLE 2 OF REGULATION (EU)
NO 2017/565 AS IT FORMS PART OF "RETAINED EU LAW" AS DEFINED IN THE
EUROPEAN UNION (WITHDRAWAL) ACT 2018 (THE "EUWA");
(B)
A CUSTOMER WITHIN THE MEANING OF THE PROVISIONS OF THE FINANCIAL
SERVICES
AND
MARKETS
ACT
2000
("FSMA")
AND
ANY
RULES
OR
REGULATIONS MADE UNDER THE FSMA TO IMPLEMENT DIRECTIVE (EU) 2016/97,
WHERE THAT CUSTOMER WOULD NOT QUALIFY AS A PROFESSIONAL CLIENT,
AS DEFINED IN POINT (8) OF ARTICLE 2(1) OF REGULATION (EU) NO 600/2014 AS
IT FORMS PART OF "RETAINED EU LAW", AS DEFINED IN THE EUWA; OR 
(C)
NOT A QUALIFIED INVESTOR AS DEFINED IN ARTICLE 2 OF REGULATION (EU)
2017/1129 AS IT FORMS PART OF "RETAINED EU LAW", AS DEFINED IN THE EUWA
(THE "UK PROSPECTUS REGULATION"). 
CONSEQUENTLY, NO KEY INFORMATION DOCUMENT REQUIRED BY REGULATION (EU)
NO 1286/2014 AS IT FORMS PART OF "RETAINED EU LAW", AS DEFINED IN THE EUWA
(THE "UK PRIIPS REGULATION") FOR OFFERING OR SELLING THE NOTES OR
OTHERWISE MAKING THEM AVAILABLE TO RETAIL INVESTORS IN THE UK HAS BEEN
PREPARED AND, THEREFORE, OFFERING OR SELLING THE NOTES OR OTHERWISE
MAKING THEM AVAILABLE TO ANY RETAIL INVESTOR IN THE UK MAY BE UNLAWFUL
UNDER THE UK PRIIPS REGULATION.]

--- Page 133 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Notes 
118 
[MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE/PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY 
TARGET MARKET: 
SOLELY FOR THE PURPOSES OF THE MANUFACTURER'S PRODUCT APPROVAL PROCESS,
THE TARGET MARKET ASSESSMENT IN RESPECT OF THE NOTES HAS LED TO THE
CONCLUSION THAT:
(A) 
THE TARGET MARKET FOR THE NOTES IS ELIGIBLE COUNTERPARTIES AND
PROFESSIONAL CLIENTS ONLY, EACH AS DEFINED IN MIFID II; AND
(B) 
ALL
CHANNELS
FOR
DISTRIBUTION
OF
THE
NOTES
TO
ELIGIBLE
COUNTERPARTIES AND PROFESSIONAL CLIENTS ARE APPROPRIATE. 
ANY PERSON SUBSEQUENTLY OFFERING, SELLING OR RECOMMENDING THE NOTES (A
“DISTRIBUTOR”)
SHOULD
TAKE
INTO
CONSIDERATION
THE
MANUFACTURER'S
TARGET MARKET ASSESSMENT; HOWEVER, A DISTRIBUTOR SUBJECT TO MIFID II IS
RESPONSIBLE FOR UNDERTAKING ITS OWN TARGET MARKET ASSESSMENT IN RESPECT
OF THE NOTES (BY EITHER ADOPTING OR REFINING THE MANUFACTURER'S TARGET
MARKET ASSESSMENT) AND DETERMINING APPROPRIATE DISTRIBUTION CHANNELS.] 
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE/PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY 
TARGET MARKET: 
SOLELY FOR THE PURPOSES OF THE MANUFACTURER'S PRODUCT APPROVAL PROCESS,
THE TARGET MARKET ASSESSMENT IN RESPECT OF THE NOTES HAS LED TO THE
CONCLUSION THAT:
(A)  
THE TARGET MARKET FOR THE NOTES IS ONLY ELIGIBLE COUNTERPARTIES, AS
DEFINED IN THE FCA HANDBOOK CONDUCT OF BUSINESS SOURCEBOOK
("COBS"), AND PROFESSIONAL CLIENTS, AS DEFINED IN REGULATION (EU) NO
600/2014 AS IT FORMS PART OF "RETAINED EU LAW", AS DEFINED IN THE
EUROPEAN UNION (WITHDRAWAL) ACT 2018 ("EUWA") ("UK MIFIR"); AND
(B)  
ALL
CHANNELS
FOR
DISTRIBUTION
OF
THE
NOTES
TO
ELIGIBLE
COUNTERPARTIES AND PROFESSIONAL CLIENTS ARE APPROPRIATE.
ANY [PERSON SUBSEQUENTLY OFFERING, SELLING OR RECOMMENDING THE NOTES (A
“DISTRIBUTOR”)]/[DISTRIBUTOR]
SHOULD
TAKE
INTO
CONSIDERATION
THE
MANUFACTURERS'
TARGET
MARKET
ASSESSMENT;
HOWEVER,
A
DISTRIBUTOR
SUBJECT
TO
THE
FCA
HANDBOOK
PRODUCT
INTERVENTION
AND
PRODUCT
GOVERNANCE SOURCEBOOK (THE "UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE RULES") IS
RESPONSIBLE FOR UNDERTAKING ITS OWN TARGET MARKET ASSESSMENT IN RESPECT
OF THE NOTES (BY EITHER ADOPTING OR REFINING THE MANUFACTURERS' TARGET
MARKET ASSESSMENT) AND DETERMINING APPROPRIATE DISTRIBUTION CHANNELS.] 
[MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE/ RETAIL INVESTORS/ PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS 
AND ECPS TARGET MARKET: 
SOLELY FOR THE PURPOSES OF THE MANUFACTURER'S PRODUCT APPROVAL PROCESS,
THE TARGET MARKET ASSESSMENT IN RESPECT OF THE NOTES HAS LED TO THE
CONCLUSION THAT:
(A) 
THE
TARGET MARKET
FOR
THE NOTES IS
ELIGIBLE COUNTERPARTIES,
PROFESSIONAL CLIENTS AND RETAIL CLIENTS, EACH AS DEFINED IN MIFID II;
AND
(B) 
ALL CHANNELS FOR DISTRIBUTION OF THE NOTES ARE APPROPRIATE. 
ANY PERSON SUBSEQUENTLY OFFERING, SELLING OR RECOMMENDING THE NOTES (A
“DISTRIBUTOR”)
SHOULD
TAKE
INTO
CONSIDERATION
THE
MANUFACTURER'S
TARGET MARKET ASSESSMENT; HOWEVER, A DISTRIBUTOR SUBJECT TO MIFID II IS
RESPONSIBLE FOR UNDERTAKING ITS OWN TARGET MARKET ASSESSMENT IN RESPECT

--- Page 134 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Notes 
119 
OF THE NOTES (BY EITHER ADOPTING OR REFINING THE MANUFACTURER'S TARGET
MARKET ASSESSMENT) AND DETERMINING APPROPRIATE DISTRIBUTION CHANNELS.] 
[UK 
MIFID 
PRODUCT 
GOVERNANCE/ 
RETAIL 
INVESTORS/ 
PROFESSIONAL 
INVESTORS AND ECPS TARGET MARKET: 
SOLELY FOR THE PURPOSES OF THE MANUFACTURER'S PRODUCT APPROVAL PROCESS,
THE TARGET MARKET ASSESSMENT IN RESPECT OF THE NOTES HAS LED TO THE
CONCLUSION THAT:
(A)  
THE TARGET MARKET FOR THE NOTES IS RETAIL CLIENTS, AS DEFINED IN POINT
(8) OF ARTICLE 2 OF REGULATION (EU) NO 2017/565 AS IT FORMS PART OF
"RETAINED EU LAW", AS DEFINED IN THE EUROPEAN UNION (WITHDRAWAL)
ACT 2018 ("EUWA"), ELIGIBLE COUNTERPARTIES, AS DEFINED IN THE FCA
HANDBOOK
CONDUCT
OF
BUSINESS
SOURCEBOOK
("COBS"),
AND
PROFESSIONAL CLIENTS, AS DEFINED IN REGULATION (EU) NO 600/2014 AS IT
FORMS PART OF "RETAINED EU LAW", AS DEFINED IN THE EUWA ("UK MIFIR");
AND
(B)  
ALL CHANNELS FOR DISTRIBUTION OF THE NOTES ARE APPROPRIATE.
ANY [PERSON SUBSEQUENTLY OFFERING, SELLING OR RECOMMENDING THE NOTES (A
“DISTRIBUTOR”)]/[DISTRIBUTOR]
SHOULD
TAKE
INTO
CONSIDERATION
THE
MANUFACTURERS'
TARGET
MARKET
ASSESSMENT;
HOWEVER,
A
DISTRIBUTOR
SUBJECT
TO
THE
FCA
HANDBOOK
PRODUCT
INTERVENTION
AND
PRODUCT
GOVERNANCE SOURCEBOOK (THE "UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE RULES") IS
RESPONSIBLE FOR UNDERTAKING ITS OWN TARGET MARKET ASSESSMENT IN RESPECT
OF THE NOTES (BY EITHER ADOPTING OR REFINING THE MANUFACTURERS' TARGET
MARKET ASSESSMENT) AND DETERMINING APPROPRIATE DISTRIBUTION CHANNELS.] 
 A NON-U.S. HOLDER WILL BE SUBJECT TO U.S. WITHHOLDING TAX UNLESS THE 
BENEFICIAL OWNER OF THE NOTES (OR A FINANCIAL INSTITUTION HOLDING THE 
NOTES ON BEHALF OF THE BENEFICIAL OWNER) FURNISHES THE APPROPRIATE 
FORM W-8, ON WHICH THE BENEFICIAL OWNER CERTIFIES UNDER PENALTIES OF 
PERJURY THAT IT IS NOT A U.S. PERSON. IF WITHHOLDING OR DEDUCTION OF 
TAXES IS REQUIRED BY LAW (REGARDLESS OF WHETHER A HOLDER FURNISHED 
AN APPROPRIATE FORM), PAYMENTS ON THE NOTES WILL BE MADE NET OF 
APPLICABLE WITHHOLDING TAXES, AND MORGAN STANLEY WILL NOT BE 
REQUIRED TO PAY ANY ADDITIONAL AMOUNTS TO NON-U.S. HOLDERS WITH 
RESPECT TO ANY TAXES WITHHELD.
Final Terms dated [] 
MORGAN STANLEY 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): IGJSJL3JD5P30I6NJZ34 
Under the Base Prospectus for the Issuance of Notes, Series A and Series B under the Regulation S
Program for the Issuance of Notes, Series A and Series B, Warrants and Certificates
PART A — CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
This document constitutes Final Terms relating to the issue of Notes described herein. 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions
of the Notes set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 19 July 2021 [and the supplement[s] dated [][,[] …
[]] to the Base Prospectus] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus")
for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation"). This document
constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus
Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus [as so supplemented] in order to
obtain all the relevant information. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only
available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. [However, a

--- Page 135 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Notes 
120 
summary of the Issue is annexed to these Final Terms.]2 Copies of the Base Prospectus [and any
supplement(s) thereto] are available from the offices of Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc at 25
Cabot
Square,
Canary
Wharf,
London
E14
4QA
and
on
the
Issuer's
website
at
http://sp.morganstanley.com/EU/Documents and copies of the Base Prospectus [and any supplement(s)
thereto] and these Final Terms are available on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange at
www.bourse.lu. 
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was
issued under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date:
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions
of the Notes set forth in the Base Prospectus dated [8 April 2016 and the supplement to it dated 20
January 2017]/[19 April 2017]/[19 June 2018 and the supplement to it dated 25 January 2019]/ [28 June
2019 and the supplement to it dated 27 August 2019]/[13 July 2020] which [are]/is] incorporated by
reference in the Base Prospectus dated 19 July 2021. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the
Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in
conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 19 July 2021 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [][,[] … [
]] in order to obtain all the relevant information, which together constitutes a base prospectus for the
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the "Base Prospectus"), including the Conditions incorporated
by reference in the Base Prospectus. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only
available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. [However, a
summary of the Issue is annexed to these Final Terms.]3 Copies of the Base Prospectus [and any
supplement(s) thereto] are available from the offices of Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc at 25
Cabot
Square,
Canary
Wharf,
London
E14
4QA
and
on
the
Issuer's
website
at
http://sp.morganstanley.com/EU/Documents and copies of the Base Prospectus [and any supplement(s)
thereto] and these Final Terms are available on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange at
www.bourse.lu.] 
[(Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable". Note that the numbering
should remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-
paragraphs. Italics denote guidance for completing the Final Terms)]
1.
a)
Series Number: 
[] 
b)
Series Designation: 
[Series A]/[Series B] 
[c) 
Tranche Number: 
[] 
[The Notes will be fungible with the [currency] [] [Title of
the Notes], bearing ISIN []] 
2.
Specified Currency: 
[] 
3.
Aggregate [Nominal
Amount]/[Number] of Notes: 
[]4
[[a)] 
Series: 
[]] 
[b) 
Tranche: 
[]] 
4.
Issue Price: 
[] per cent. of par per Note/[] per Note 
5.
a)
Specified Denominations
(Par): 
[] [and integral multiples of [] in excess thereof] 
b)
Calculation Amount: 
[] 
2 
Insert if Notes are for denominations lower than EUR 100,000. 
3 
Insert if Notes are for denominations lower than EUR 100,000. 
4 
Where the amount is not known at the beginning of the offer period (e.g. an "up to" amount), notices of final offer amount will need to be 
submitted where the Notes are listed or admitted to trading.

--- Page 136 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Notes 
121 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the Specified
Denomination. If more than one Specified Denomination,
insert the highest common factor. Note: There must be a
common factor in the case of two or more Specified
Denominations) 
6.
a)
Issue Date:
[] 
b)
Trade Date: 
[] 
c)
Interest Commencement
Date: 
[]/[Issue Date]/[Not Applicable] 
[OR] 
[In relation to interest payable under Condition 5 (Fixed
Rate Note Provisions), []. See paragraph 14 below for
further details] 
[In relation to interest payable under Condition 6 (Floating
Rate Note Provisions), []. See paragraph 15 below for
further details] 
7.
Maturity Date:
[[Scheduled Maturity Date is] []]/[The Interest Payment
Date falling in, or nearest to, [month] [year]]
(specify date or, for Floating Rate Notes, the Interest
Payment Date falling in, or nearest to, the relevant month
and year)
8.
Specified Day(s): 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the below) 
[]
[Business
Day[s]]/[Clearing
System
Business
Day[s]]/[calendar days]] 
9.
Interest Basis: 
[Non-interest bearing] 
[Zero Coupon [and]] 
[Fixed Rate Notes [and]] 
[Floating Rate Notes [and]] 
[Inflation-Linked Notes] 
(further particulars specified below) 
10.
Automatic Change of Interest
Basis: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Condition 9) 
Interest Basis Table
Interest 
Commencement 
Date(s)
Interest 
Payment 
Date(s)
Interest Basis
[] 
[]/[As set
forth in
[Zero Coupon]/

--- Page 137 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Notes 
122 
(repeat as
required) 
paragraph []
below] 
(repeat as
required) 
[Fixed Rate Notes]/ 
[Floating Rate
Notes]/ 
[Inflation-Linked
Notes]/ 
(repeat as required)
11.
Final Redemption Amount: 
[Fixed Final Redemption. The Fixed Final Redemption
Amount is []] 
[Accrued Value. [The Accrued Value Commencement Date
is [●].] The Accrual Yield is [] per cent. and the Reference
Price is [specify]]
(i) 
Final Bonus: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(ii) 
Final Bonus Amount: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
12.
Call Option:5
Redemption at the Option of the
Issuer: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Condition 10.3) 
13.
Method of Distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE
14.
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Condition 5) 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of
this paragraph)
a)
Fixed Interest Rate: 
[]
per
cent.
per
annum
[payable
[annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly/other (specify)] in arrear]/ 
[OR] 
Interest Period
Fixed Interest Rate
From (and including) the
[Interest
Commencement
Date]/[Interest
Payment
Date]/[Interest Period End
Date]
[falling
on]/[scheduled to fall on] [
] to (but excluding) the
[Interest
Payment
Date]
/[Interest Period End Date]
[falling
on]/[scheduled
to
fall on] [] [(such scheduled
[Interest
Payment
Dates]
/[Interest Period End Dates]
not being adjusted for any
[] per cent. per annum
[payable
[annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly
/other (specify)] in arrear]
(repeat as required)
5 Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear require a minimum notice period of five business days.

--- Page 138 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Notes 
123 
Business Day Convention)]
(repeat as required)
b)
Interest Period(s) subject
only to Fixed Rate Notes
Provisions: 
From
(and
including)
the
[Interest
Commencement
Date]/[Interest Payment Date]/[Interest Period End Date]
[falling on]/[scheduled to fall on] [] to (but excluding) the
[Interest Payment Date]/[Interest Period End Date] [falling
on]/[scheduled to fall on] [][(such scheduled [Interest
Payment Dates]/[Interest Period End Dates] not being
adjusted for any Business Day Convention)] 
(repeat as required)
c)
Interest Period End
Date(s): 
[Each Interest Payment Date]/[Specify other] 
d)
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[Each of the [] day of [month], [month] (repeat as
required) in each calendar year from (and including) [] to
(and including) []]/[[] (specify dates) [, each] [, adjusted
in accordance with the Business Day Convention specified
below]/[, not adjusted]]
(Specify Interest Payment Dates to which only Fixed Rate
Notes Provisions apply)
e)
Business Day Convention: [Following Business Day Convention/Modified Following
Business
Day
Convention/Modified
Business
Day
Convention/Preceding
Business
Day
Convention]/[No
Adjustment/Unadjusted] 
f)
Additional Business
Centre(s): 
[●] 
g)
Fixed Coupon Amount(s): [Applicable, [] per Calculation Amount]/[Not Applicable]
[OR]
Interest Period
Fixed Coupon Amount
From (and including) the
[Interest
Commencement
Date]/[Interest
Payment
Date]/[Interest Period End
Date]
[falling
on]/[scheduled to fall on] [
] to (but excluding) the
[Interest
Payment
Date]
/[Interest Period End Date]
[falling
on]/[scheduled
to
fall on] [] [(such scheduled
[Interest
Payment
Dates]
/[Interest Period End Dates]
not being adjusted for any
Business Day Convention)] 
(repeat as required) 
[]
per
Calculation
Amount/[Not
Applicable] 
(repeat as required) 
h)
Broken Amount(s): 
[Applicable, [] per Calculation Amount, payable on the
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] []]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 139 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Notes 
124 
[OR]
Interest Payment Date(s)
Broken Amount
[] 
(repeat as required) 
[[]
per
Calculation
Amount]/[Not
Applicable] 
(repeat as required) 
i)
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual
(ICMA)]/[Actual/Actual]/[Actual/Actual
(ISDA)]/[Actual/365
(Fixed)]/[Actual/365L]/[Actual/360]/[30/360]/[30/360
(ICMA)]/[30/360
(ISDA)]/[360/360]/
[Bond
Basis]/[30E/360]/[Eurobond
Basis]/[30E/360
(ISDA)]/[1/1] 
j)
Party responsible for
calculating the Interest
Amount(s): 
[]/[Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc] 
15.
Floating Rate Note Provisions
[Applicable. The Notes are Floating Rate Notes]/[Not
Applicable]
(Condition 6) 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of
this paragraph)
a)
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[Each of the [] day of [month], [month] (repeat as
required) in each calendar year from (and including) [] to
(and including) []]/[[] (specify dates) [, each] [, adjusted
in accordance with the Business Day Convention specified
below]/[, not adjusted]] 
b)
Interest Period End
Date(s): 
[Each Interest Payment Date]/[Specify other] 
c)
Interest Period(s): 
From
(and
including)
the
[Interest
Commencement
Date]/[Interest Payment Date]/[Interest Period End Date]
[falling on]/[scheduled to fall on] [] to (but excluding) the
[Interest Payment Date]/[Interest Period End Date] [falling
on]/[scheduled to fall on] [] [(such scheduled [Interest
Payment Dates]/[Interest Period End Dates] not being
adjusted for any Business Day Convention)] 
(repeat as required)
d)
Linear Interpolation: 
(Condition 6.4) 
[Applicable in respect of the Interest Period: (repeat
applicable Interest Periods from above)/[Not Applicable] 
e)
Business Day Convention: [Following Business Day Convention] [Modified Following
Business
Day
Convention]/[Modified
Business
Day
Convention]/ 
[Preceding Business Day Convention]/ 
[FRN Convention. The Specified Period is from (and
including)
[]
to
(but
excluding)
[]
(repeat
as

--- Page 140 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Notes 
125 
required)]/[Floating
Rate
Convention]/[Eurodollar
Convention]/ 
[No Adjustment]/[Unadjusted] 
(delete as appropriate)
f)
Additional Business
Centre(s): 
[] 
g)
Manner in which the
Floating Interest Rate(s)
is/are to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination]/[ISDA Determination] [CMS
Rate Determination]/[Not Applicable]
[OR]
Interest Period
Floating Interest Rate
From (and including) the
[Interest
Commencement
Date]/[Interest
Payment
Date]/[Interest Period End
Date]
[falling
on]/[scheduled to fall on] [
] to (but excluding) the
[Interest
Payment
Date]/[Interest Period End
Date]
[falling
on]/[scheduled to fall on] [
] [(such scheduled [Interest
Payment
Dates]/[Interest
Period End Dates] not being
adjusted for any Business
Day Convention)] 
(repeat as required) 
[Screen
Rate
Determination]/[ISDA
Determination]/[CMS
Rate Determination]/[[]
per cent.] 
(repeat as required) 
h)
Party responsible for
calculating the Rate(s) of
Interest and/or Interest
Amount(s): 
[]/[Determination Agent] 
i)
Screen Rate
Determination: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 

Reference Rate: 
[] 

Provisions specific to
SOFR
as
Reference
Rate
–
SOFR
Benchmark
(Condition 6.8): 
[Not Applicable] 
[SOFR Compound with Lookback 
Lookback Days: [] U.S. Government Securities
Business Days] 
[SOFR Compound with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Shift Days: [] U.S. Government
Securities Business Days] 
[SOFR Compound with Payment Delay

--- Page 141 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Notes 
126 
[Interest Payment Delay: [] U.S. Government
Securities Business Days]] 
[SOFR Index Average 
SOFR IndexStart: [] U.S. Government Securities
Business Days preceding the first date of the
relevant Interest Period 
SOFR IndexEnd: [] U.S. Government Securities
Business Days preceding the Interest Period End
Date relating to the relevant Interest Period 
Observation Shift Days: [] U.S. Government Securities
Business Days] 

Provisions specific to
SONIA as Reference
Rate
–
SONIA
Benchmark
(Condition 6.9): 
[Not Applicable] 
[SONIA Compound with Lookback 
Lookback Days: [] London Banking Days] 
[SONIA Compound with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Shift Days: [] London Banking Days]
[SONIA Compound with Payment Delay 
[SONIA Rate Cut-Off Date: [] London Banking
Days] 
[Interest Payment Delay: [] London Banking
Days]] 
[SONIA Index Average 
Relevant Number: [] 
[Observation Shift Days: [] London Banking Days]] 

Provisions specific to
€STR
as
Reference
Rate
–
€STR
Benchmark
(Condition 6.10): 
[€STR Compound with Lookback 
Lookback Days: [] TARGET Settlement Days] 
[€STR Compound with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Shift Days: [] TARGET Settlement
Days] 
[€STR Compound with Payment Delay 
[€STR Rate Cut-Off Date: [] TARGET Settlement
Days] 
[Interest Payment Delay: [] TARGET Settlement
Days]] 
[€STR Index Average 
Relevant Number: [] 
[Observation Shift Days: [] TARGET Settlement Days]] 

Provisions specific to
SARON as Reference
Rate
–
SARON
Benchmark
(Condition 6.11): 
[SARON Compound with Lookback 
Lookback Days: [] Zurich Banking Days] 
[SARON Compound with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Shift Days: [] Zurich Banking Days] 
[SARON Compound with Payment Delay

--- Page 142 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Notes 
127 
[SARON Rate Cut-Off Date: [] Zurich Banking
Days] 
[Interest Payment Delay: [] Zurich Banking Days]]
[SAION Index Average 
Relevant Number: [] 
[Observation Shift Days: [] Zurich Banking Days]] 

Provisions specific to
TONA as Reference
Rate
–
TONA
Benchmark
(Condition 6.12): 
[TONA Compound with Lookback 
Lookback Days: [] Tokyo Banking Days] 
[TONA Compound with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Shift Days: [] Tokyo Banking Days] 
[TONA Compound with Payment Delay 
[TONA Rate Cut-Off Date: [] Tokyo Banking
Days]
[Interest Payment Delay: [] Tokyo Banking Days]]
[TONA Index Average 
Relevant Number: [] 
[Observation Shift Days: [] Tokyo Banking Days]] 

Interest Determination
Date(s): 
[] 

Relevant Screen Page: [] 

Margin: 
[[+/-][] per cent. per annum]/[As specified in the Rate
Table below] 

[Interest Participation
Rate: 
[]/[As specified in the Rate Table below] 

[Rate Table:] 
Rate Table
Interest Payment 
Date(s)
Margin
Interest 
Participation 
Rate
[] 
(repeat as
required)
[[+/-][] per
cent. per
annum] 
(repeat as
required)
[] 
(repeat as
required)]
j)
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 

2006
ISDA
Definitions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 

2021
ISDA
Definitions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 

Floating Rate Option: []

--- Page 143 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Notes 
128 

Designated Maturity: 
[]/[Not Applicable] (Only applicable where the Floating
Rate Option is not an overnight rate) 

Reset Date: 
[] 

Overnight
Floating
Rate Option: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 

Index
Floating
Rate
Option: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 

Overnight
Rate
Compounding
Method: 
[Not Applicable] (Specify as Not Applicable if Averaging
applies) 
[OIS Compounding 
[Daily Capped Rate and/or Daily Floored Rate:
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Daily Capped Rate: [●]] 
[Daily Floored Rate: [●]]] 
[Compounding with Lookback 
[Lookback: [●] Applicable Business Days] 
[Daily Capped Rate and/or Daily Floored Rate:
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Daily Capped Rate: [●]] 
[Daily Floored Rate: [●]]] 
[Compounding with Observation Period Shift 
Set-in-Advance: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
[Observation Period Shift: [●] Observation Period
Shift Business Days] 
[Observation
Period
Shift
Additional
Business
Days: [●]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Daily Capped Rate and/or Daily Floored Rate:
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Daily Capped Rate: [●]] 
[Daily Floored Rate: [●]]] 
[Compounding with Lockout 
[Lockout: [●] Lockout Period Business Days] 
[Lockout Period Business Days: [●]/[Applicable
Business Days]] 
[Daily Capped Rate and/or Daily Floored Rate:
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Daily Capped Rate: [●]] 
[Daily Floored Rate: [●]]] 
[Applicable, as per the Floating Rate Matrix (as defined in
the ISDA Definitions)] (Only applicable where the 2021
ISDA Definitions apply)

--- Page 144 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Notes 
129 

Overnight
Rate
Averaging Method: 
[Not
Applicable]
(Specify
as
Not
Applicable
if
Compounding applies) 
[Overnight Averaging 
[Daily Capped Rate and/or Daily Floored Rate:
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Daily Capped Rate: [●]] 
[Daily Floored Rate: [●]]] 
[Averaging with Lookback 
[Lookback: [●] Applicable Business Days] 
[Daily Capped Rate and/or Daily Floored Rate:
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Daily Capped Rate: [●]] 
[Daily Floored Rate: [●]]] 
[Averaging with Observation Period Shift 
Set-in-Advance: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
[Observation Period Shift: [●] Observation Period
Shift Business Days] 
[Observation
Period
Shift
Additional
Business
Days: [●]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Daily Capped Rate and/or Daily Floored Rate:
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Daily Capped Rate: [●]] 
[Daily Floored Rate: [●]]] 
[Averaging with Lockout 
[Lockout: [●] Lockout Period Business Days] 
[Lockout Period Business Days: [●]/[Applicable
Business Days]] 
[Daily Capped Rate and/or Daily Floored Rate:
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Daily Capped Rate: [●]] 
[Daily Floored Rate: [●]]] 
[Applicable, as per the Floating Rate Matrix (as defined in
the ISDA Definitions)] (Only applicable where the 2021
ISDA Definitions apply) 

Index Method: 
[Not Applicable] 
[Standard Index Method] (Only applicable where the 2021
ISDA Definitions apply) 
[Compounded Index Method] 
[Compounded Index Method with Observation Period Shift
Set-in-Advance: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
[Observation Period Shift: [●] Observation Period
Shift Business Days]

--- Page 145 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Notes 
130 
[Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days:
[●]/[Not Applicable]]] 

Delayed Payment: 
[Applicable, with the specified number of days being [●]
Business Days]/[Not Applicable] 

[2006
ISDA
Definitions
Linear
Interpolation: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] (Only include where the
2006 ISDA Definitions apply) 

[2021
ISDA
Definitions
Linear
Interpolation: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] (Only include where the
2021 ISDA Definitions apply) 

Unscheduled Holiday: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] (Only include where the
2021 ISDA Definitions apply) 

[Period
End
Date/Termination
Date
adjustment
for
Unscheduled Holiday:
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] (Only include where the
2021 ISDA Definitions apply) 

[Non-Representative: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] (Only include where the
2021 ISDA Definitions apply) 

[Successor
Benchmark: 
[]
Successor Benchmark Effective Date: []]
(Only include where the 2021 ISDA Definitions apply) 

If
ISDA
Determination applies,
ISDA
Bespoke
Fallbacks to apply in
priority
to
other
fallbacks in Condition
6.17: 
[Yes]/[No] 

Margin: 
[[+/-][] per cent. per annum]/[As specified in the Rate
Table below] 

[Interest Participation
Rate: 
[]/[As specified in the Rate Table below]] 

[Rate Table:] 
Rate Table
Interest Payment 
Date(s)
Margin
Interest 
Participation 
Rate
[] 
(repeat as required)
[[+/-][] per
cent. per
annum] 
(repeat as
required)
[] 
(repeat as
required)]

--- Page 146 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Notes 
131 
k)
CMS Rate Determination: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable]
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs
of this paragraph) 

CMS Interest Rate: 
[Single CMS Rate] [Spread CMS Rate] 
[CMS
Reference
Rate
[1]] (If CMS Interest Rate
is "Spread CMS Rate",
insert this column and
heading "CMS Reference
Rate 1") 
[CMS Reference Rate 2] (If
CMS Interest Rate is "Spread
CMS Rate", insert this column
and heading "CMS Reference
Rate 2") 

Specified Swap Rate: 
[the
swap
rate/annual
swap
rate/semi-annual
swap rate/quarterly swap
rate/quarterly-annual
swap
rate/quarterly-
quarterly swap rate] 
[the swap rate/annual swap
rate/semi-annual
swap
rate/quarterly
swap
rate/quarterly-annual
swap
rate/quarterly-quarterly
swap
rate]

Reference Currency: 
[] 
[] 

Designated Maturity: 
[][month[s]/year[s]] 
[][month[s]/year[s]] 

Relevant Screen Page: [] 
[] 

Relevant Time: 
[] 
[] 

Interest Determination
Date(s): 
[Periodic
Rate
Determination
is
applicable. The Interest
Determination
Date(s)
[is/are]: []/[the first day
of
each
Interest
Period]/[the
second
TARGET
Settlement
Day prior to the start of
each
Interest
Period]]/[Daily
Rate
Determination
is
applicable] 
[Periodic Rate Determination
is
applicable.
The
Interest
Determination Date(s) [is/are]:
[]/[the
first
day
of
each
Interest
Period]/[the
second
TARGET
Settlement
Day
prior to
the start of
each
Interest Period]]/[Daily Rate
Determination is applicable] 

Fallback
Rate
Determination: 
[Determination
Agent
Fallback: Applicable – to
be
applied
first/second/third]/[Not
Applicable] 
[Determination
Agent
Fallback: Applicable – to be
applied
first/second/third]/[Not
Applicable] 
Fallback
Screen
Page:
Applicable
–
to
be
applied
first/second/third/[Not
Applicable] 
Fallback
Screen
Page:
Applicable – to be applied
first/second/third/[Not
Applicable] 
Mid-Market Quotations:
Applicable
–
to
be
applied
Mid-Market
Quotations:
Applicable – to be applied

--- Page 147 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Notes 
132 
first/second/third]/[Not
Applicable] 
first/second/third]/[Not
Applicable] 
[Reference Banks: []] 
[Reference Banks: []] 

Specified Fixed Leg
(for determination of
Mid-Market
Quotations if specified
to be applicable): 
[annual fixed leg/semi-
annual
fixed
leg/quarterly-annual
fixed
leg/quarterly-
quarterly fixed leg] 
[annual fixed leg/semi-annual
fixed
leg/quarterly-annual
fixed
leg/quarterly-quarterly
fixed leg] 

Fixed Leg Day Count
Basis: 
[Actual/Actual
[ICMA)]/[Actual/Actual]
/[Actual/Actual
(ISDA)]/[Actual/365
(Fixed)]/[Actual/365L]/ 
[Actual/360]/[30/360]/ 
[30/360 (ICMA)]/ 
[30/360 (ISDA)]/ 
[360/360]/[Bond
Basis]/[30E/360]/ 
[Eurobond
Basis]/[30E/360
(ISDA)]/[1/1] 
[Actual/Actual
(ICMA)]/[Actual/Actual]/ 
[Actual/Actual
(ISDA)]/[Actual/365
(Fixed)]/[Actual/365L]/ 
[Actual/360]/[30/360]/[30/360
(ICMA)]/[30/360
(ISDA)]/[360/360]/[Bond
Basis]/[30E/360]/[Eurobond
Basis]/[30E/360 (ISDA)]/[1/1]

Floating
Leg
Day
Count Basis: 
[Actual/Actual
(ICMA)]/[Actual/Actual]
/[Actual/Actual
(ISDA)]/[Actual/365
(Fixed)]/[Actual/365L]/ 
[Actual/360]/[30/360]/ 
[30/360 (ICMA)]/ 
[30/360 (ISDA)]/ 
[360/360]/[Bond
Basis]/[30E/360]/ 
[Eurobond
Basis]/[30E/360
(ISDA)]/[1/1] 
[Actual/Actual
(ICMA)]/[Actual/Actual]/ 
[Actual/Actual
(ISDA)]/[Actual/365
(Fixed)]/[Actual/365L]/ 
[Actual/360]/[30/360]/[30/360
(ICMA)]/[30/360
(ISDA)]/[360/360]/[Bond
Basis]/[30E/360]/[Eurobond
Basis]/[30E/360 (ISDA)]/[1/1]

Floating
Leg
Rate
Option: 
[] 
[] 

Margin [1]: (If CMS
Interest
Rate
is
"Spread CMS Rate",
insert "Margin 1") 
[]/[As specified in the Rate Table below] 

Margin 2: 
[]/[As specified in the Rate Table below] (Specify
"Margin 2" if CMS Interest Rate is "Spread CMS Rate",
otherwise delete this paragraph) 

[Interest Participation
Rate
[1]:
(If
CMS
Interest
Rate
is
"Spread CMS Rate",
insert
"Interest
Participation Rate 1")
[]/[As specified in the Rate Table below]

--- Page 148 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Notes 
133 

Interest
Participation
Rate 2: 
[]/[As specified in the Rate Table below] (Specify
"Interest Participation Rate 2" if CMS Interest Rate is
"Spread CMS Rate", otherwise delete this paragraph) 

[Rate Table:] 
Rate Table
Interest 
Payment Date
[Margin 
[1]]
[Margin 
2]
[Interest 
Participatio
n Rate [1]]
[Interest 
Participatio
n Rate 2]
[] 
(repeat as
required)
[] 
(repeat as
required)
[] 
(repeat
as
required
)
[] 
(repeat as
required)
[] 
(repeat as
required)]
l)
Minimum Rate of Interest: [[Not Applicable]/[] per cent. per annum]/[A percentage
rate to be determined by the Determination Agent before
the Issue Date and notified to the Noteholders thereafter
by publication on [] (insert website address), provided
that such percentage rate shall be [not less than [] per
cent.] [and] [not greater than [] per cent.]]
m)
Maximum Rate of Interest: [[Not Applicable]/[] per cent. per annum]/[A percentage
rate to be determined by the Determination Agent before
the Issue Date and notified to the Noteholders thereafter
by publication on [] (insert website address), provided
that such percentage rate shall be [not less than [] per
cent.] [and] [not greater than [] per cent.]]
n)
Linear Interpolation 
(Condition 6.4)
[Applicable in respect of the Interest Period: (repeat
applicable Interest Periods)] 
[Not Applicable] 
o)
Day Count Fraction:
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)]/[Actual/Actual]/[Actual/Actual
(ISDA)]/[Actual/365
(Fixed)]/[Actual/365L]/[Actual/360]/[30/360]/[30/360
(ICMA)]/[30/360 (ISDA)]/[360/360]/[Bond
Basis]/[30E/360]/[Eurobond Basis]/[30E/360
(ISDA)]/[1/1] 
p)
Relevant Rates
Benchmark
Discontinuance or
Prohibition on Use
(Condition 6.17): 
[Applicable][Not Applicable]6 (if not applicable delete the
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(1)
Other
Relevant
Rates
Benchmark:
(2)
Administrator/Benchmark
Event
applicable
for
Condition 6.17(d):
(3)
Alternative Pre-nominated
Reference Rate:
[specify][Not
Applicable]
(specify
any
applicable
Relevant Rates Benchmark Rate which is not a Reference
Rate. Otherwise delete line)]
[Applicable as per the Conditions] [Not Applicable] 
[specify][Not Applicable] (specify in respect of each
Relevant Rates Benchmark) 
6
Not applicable where the Relevant Rates Benchmark is U.S. dollar LIBOR.

--- Page 149 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Notes 
134 
16.
Inflation-Linked Notes
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(Condition 8 (Inflation-Linked
Note Provisions)) 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs
of this paragraph 16) 
Rate of Interest 
[Leveraged
Inflation
Coupon]/[Real
Inflation
Coupon]/[Cumulative Inflation Coupon] 
a)
Inflation Index/Inflation
Indices: 
[] 
b)
Inflation Index
Sponsor(s): 
[] 
c)
Determination Agent
responsible for calculating
Interest Amount: 
[]/[Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc] 
d)
Index Level Adjustment
Correction: 
(Condition 8.6 (Index
Level Adjustment
Correction)) 
[The first publication or announcement of the level of the
Inflation Index (disregarding estimates) by the relevant
Inflation Index Sponsor for any Reference Month shall be
final and conclusive and, subject to Condition 8 (Inflation-
Linked Note Provisions), later revisions to the level of the
Inflation Index for such Reference Month will not be used
in
any
calculations]/[The
first
publication
or
announcement
of
a
level
of
the
Inflation
Index
(disregarding
estimates)
published
by
the
relevant
Inflation Index Sponsor or, if revised, any subsequent
revision of such level for a Reference Month shall be final
and conclusive for such Reference Month, provided that 
such revisions are published or announced up to and
including the day that is two Business Days prior to the
relevant Interest Payment Date]. 
(delete as appropriate)
e)
Related Bond: 
[Specify]/[Fallback
Bond]/[Fallback
Bond:
Not
Applicable] 
f)
Interest Period(s): 
From (and
including) the [Interest Commencement
Date]/[Interest Payment Date] [falling on]/[scheduled to
fall on] [] to (but excluding) the Interest Payment Date
[falling on]/[scheduled to fall on] [] [(such scheduled
Interest Payment Dates not being adjusted for any
Business Day Convention)] 
(repeat as required)
g)
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[Each of the [] day of [month], [month] (repeat as
required) in each calendar year from (and including) []
to (and including) []]/[[] (specify dates) [, each] [,
adjusted in accordance with the Business Day Convention
specified below]/[, not adjusted]]
h)
Business Day Convention: [Following
Business
Day
Convention]/[Modified
Following Business Day Convention]/[Modified Business
Day Convention]/ 
[Preceding Business Day Convention]/

--- Page 150 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Notes 
135 
[FRN Convention. The Specified Period is from (and
including)
[]
to
(but
excluding)
[]
(repeat
as
required)]/Floating
Rate
Convention]/[Eurodollar
Convention]/ 
[No Adjustment]/[Unadjusted] 
(delete as appropriate)
i)
Leverage: 
[] per cent. 
j)
Spread: 
[[+/-] [] per cent.]/[Not Applicable] 
k)
CPIInitial: 
[]/[Initial Inflation Index Level]/[Not Applicable] 
[• Determination Month
(Initial): 
[] (specify if Initial Inflation Index Level is applicable)
l)
Determination Month: 
Determination Month Table
Interest Payment 
Date(s)
Determination 
Month (n)
Determination 
Month (m)
[insert date]
(repeat as
required) 
[insert
calendar
month and
year] (repeat
as required) 
[insert calendar
month and year]
(repeat as
required) 
[OR]
[As specified below] (insert sub-paragraphs below if
Determination Month Table not applicable)

Determination Month
(m): 
[In respect of an Interest Period and the [scheduled]
Interest Payment Date on which such Interest Period ends,
[[] calendar month[s] [before]/[after]] the month in
which such [scheduled] Interest Payment Date [falls]/[is
scheduled to fall] 

Determination Month
(n): 
[In respect of each Interest Payment Date and the Interest
Period ending on (but excluding) such Interest Payment
Date, as specified in the column headed "Determination
Month (n)" in paragraph 16(xii) corresponding to such
Interest Payment Date]/ 
[In respect of each Interest Period and the [scheduled]
Interest Payment Date on which such Interest Period ends
(but is not included in such Interest Period), [] [calendar
month][s][before][after]
the
month
in
which
such
[scheduled] Interest Payment Date falls]
m)
Interest Cap: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
n)
Interest Floor: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
o)
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)]/[Actual/Actual]/[Actual/Actual
(ISDA)]/[Actual/365
(Fixed)]/[Actual/365L]/[Actual/360]/[30/360]/[30/360

--- Page 151 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Notes 
136 
(ICMA)]/[30/360 (ISDA)]/[360/360]/[Bond
Basis]/[30E/360]/[Eurobond Basis]/[30E/360
(ISDA)]/[1/1] 
17.
Zero Coupon Note Provisions
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Condition 7 (Zero Coupon Note
Provisions)) 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs
of this paragraph)
a)
Accrual Yield: 
[] per cent. per annum 
b)
Reference Price: 
[] 
c)
Accrued Value
Commencement Date: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO EARLY REDEMPTION
18.
Call Option7
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[Optional Redemption Amount (Call) – Fixed applies.] 
[Optional Redemption Amount (Call) – Accrued Value
applies. [The Accrued Value Commencement Date is [
]]] 
(Condition 10.3 (Redemption at the
Option of the Issuer)) 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs
of this paragraph)
a)
Optional Redemption
Date(s) (Call): 
[] 
b)
[Participation Rate
(Call)]/[Accrual Yield and
Reference Price] for
determining the Optional
Redemption Amount
(Call): 
[[[] per cent.]/[100 per cent.]] (insert if Optional
Redemption Amount (Call) – Fixed applies)/[The Accrual
Yield is [] per cent. and the Reference Price is [specify]
[The Accrued Value Commencement Date is []].] (insert
if Optional Redemption Amount (Call) – Accrued Value
applies)
c)
Optional Redemption in
Part only: 
[Applicable. Redemption will be effected in accordance
with
Condition
10.4
(Partial
Redemption)]/[Not
Applicable] 
(delete as appropriate)
d)
Maximum Notice Number
of Day(s): 
[] [calendar day[s]]/[Business Day[s]] 
e)
Minimum Notice Number
of Day(s): 
[] [calendar day[s]]/[Business Day[s]]8
19.
a)
Early Redemption 
Amount upon Event of 
Default (Condition 13): 
[Fixed Redemption. The Specified Rate is []/[100] per
cent.]
[Accrued Value. [The Accrued Value Commencement
Date is [].] The Accrual Yield is [] per cent. and the
7 Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear require a minimum notice period of five business days. 
8 Clearstream, Luxembourg requires a minimum notice period of five business days.

--- Page 152 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Notes 
137 
Reference Price is [specify].] (N.B. Accrued Value should
always be specified for Zero Coupon Notes) 
b)
Early Redemption 
Amount (Tax) upon any 
withholding or 
deduction being 
required with respect to 
the Notes, as described in
Condition 12 (Taxation): 
[Not applicable]/ 
[Early Redemption Amount (Tax) – Par]/ 
[Early Redemption Amount (Tax) – Accrued Value. The
Accrual Yield is [] per cent. and the Reference Price is
[specify]. [The Accrued Value Commencement Date is [
]]] (N.B. Accrued Value should always be specified for
Zero Coupon Notes) 
c)
Early redemption 
related to benchmarks in
the circumstances
described in Condition
6.17 (Relevant Rates
Benchmark
Discontinuance or
Prohibition on Use):
[Fixed Redemption (Benchmark Trigger Event). [●] per
cent. per Calculation Amount.] / [Fixed Redemption
(Benchmark Trigger Event) Less Costs. [●] per cent. per
Calculation Amount.] / [Fair Market Value (Benchmark
Trigger Event)] / [Not Applicable] 
(Note – for issuances of Notes to retail investors, "Fixed
Redemption (Benchmark Trigger Event) Less Costs" may
not be selected)
d)
CMS Reference Rate – 
Effect of Benchmark 
Transition Event and 
Benchmark Amendment 
Event as described in
Condition 6.19 (CMS
Reference Rate – Effect of
Benchmark Transition
Event and Benchmark
Amendment Event) 
Administrator/Benchmark
Event:
applicable
for
Condition 6.19(d): [Not Applicable] [Applicable as per
the Conditions] 
[Alternative
Pre-nominated
Reference
Rate:
[None]
[Specify]] 
[[Early Redemption Amount (CMS Reference Rate) –
Fixed Redemption: [●] per Calculation Amount] / [Early
Redemption Amount (CMS Reference Rate) – Fixed
Redemption Less Costs: [●] per Calculation Amount] /
[Early Redemption Amount (CMS Reference Rate) – Fair
Market Value Less Costs: [●] per Calculation Amount] /
[Early Redemption Amount (CMS Reference Rate) – Fair
Market Value: [●] per Calculation Amount] shall apply] /
[Not Applicable] 
(Note – for issuances of Notes to retail investors, ["Early
Redemption Amount (CMS Reference Rate) – Fair Market
Value Less Costs"]/["Early Redemption Amount (CMS
Reference Rate) – Fixed Redemption Less Costs"] may
not be selected) 
Reference Time: [●]/[Not Applicable] 
e)
Early redemption 
related to cessation of 
publication of Inflation 
Index in the
circumstances described
in Condition 8.2(e)
(Cessation of
Publication):
[Fixed Redemption (Inflation Index Cessation). [●] per
cent. per Calculation Amount.] / [Fixed Redemption
(Inflation Index Cessation) Less Costs. [●] per cent. per
Calculation Amount.] / [Fair Market Value (Inflation
Index Cessation)] / [Not Applicable]
(Note – for issuances of Notes to retail investors, "Fixed
Redemption (Inflation Index Cessation) Less Costs" may
not be selected)

--- Page 153 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Notes 
138 
20.
Inconvertibility Event 
Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(Condition 24 (Inconvertibility
Events)) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of
this paragraph)
a)
Consequences of the
occurrence of an
Inconvertibility Event: 
[Converted
Payment]/[Early
Redemption]/[Suspended
Payment] 
b)
Inconvertibility Early
Redemption Amount: 
[Not Applicable]
[OR]
[Fixed
Redemption.
[]
per
cent.
per
Calculation
Amount.] 
[Early Redemption Amount: 
[Fixed
Redemption.
[]
per
cent.
per
Calculation
Amount.]/[Accrued Value. The Accrual Yield is [] per
cent. and the Reference Price is [specify].] [The Accrued
Value Commencement Date is []]] (N.B. If Early
Redemption Amount is specified as applicable, Accrued
Value should always be specified for Zero Coupon Notes).
[Fair Market Value] 
c)
Relevant Currenc(y)/(ies): [] 
d)
Relevant Jurisdiction(s): 
[] 
e)
Inconvertibility Specified
Currenc(y)/(ies): 
[] 
f)
Settlement Rate Option: 
[Currency Reference Dealers]/[Not Applicable] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES
21.
Form of Notes: 
(Condition 3 (Form and Title)) 
[Global Note Certificate registered in the name of [a
nominee for] [a common depositary for Euroclear and
Clearstream, Luxembourg]/[a common safekeeper for
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (that is, held
under
the
New
Safekeeping
Structure
(NSS))]9,
exchangeable for Individual Note Certificates in the
limited circumstances described in the Global Note
Certificate] 
[Individual Note Certificates] 
22.
Additional Financial Centre(s) or 
other special provisions relating 
to Payment Dates:
[Not Applicable]/[ [] (Specify Additional Financial
Centre(s))]
9 To be included for Notes in global form which are to be held under the NSS.

--- Page 154 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Notes 
139 
(Note that this item relates to the date and place of
payment, and not interest period end dates, to which items
12(v) and 13(vii) relate)10
23.
Record Date: 
[As set out in the Conditions/The Record Date is []
[Business Day/day/clearing system business day] before
the relevant due date for payment/Not Applicable] 
24.
Redenomination, 
renominalisation and 
reconventioning provisions:
[Not
Applicable]/[The
provisions
in
Condition
23
(Redenomination,
Renominalisation
and
Reconventioning) apply] 
25.
Taxation:
Condition 12.1 (Additional
Amounts): 
"Additional Amounts" is [Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
26.
oCNY Centre: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
27.
Rounding (Condition 22 
(Rounding)) 
[Japanese Yen amounts to be rounded [to the nearest
whole JPY (with amounts greater than or equal to JPY 0.5
being rounded] upward to the next higher whole Japanese
Yen amount)]] [Not Applicable] 
DISTRIBUTION
28.
a)
If syndicated, names [and
addresses]11 of Managers
[and underwriting
commitments]12: and
names and addresses of
the entities agreeing to
place the issue without a
firm commitment or on a
"best efforts" basis if
such entities are not the
same as the Managers.)]13
[Not Applicable/give names[, addresses and underwriting
commitments]] [(Include names and addresses of entities
agreeing to underwrite the issue on a firm commitment
basis.)]
b)
[Date of [Subscription]
Agreement: 
[]]14
c)
Stabilisation Manager(s)
(if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
29.
If non-syndicated, name [and
address]15 of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name [and address]16] 
30.
Non-exempt Offer and Offer
Period: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]
10 This should specify "Not applicable" unless, exceptionally, location of Fiscal Agent is to be included as a business day for the purposes of 
payments whilst Notes are in global form in the clearing systems. 
11 Delete for Notes with a denomination per Note of EUR 100,000 or more. 
12 Delete for Notes with a denomination per Note of EUR 100,000 or more. 
13 Delete for Notes with a denomination per Note of EUR 100,000 or more. 
14 Delete for Notes with a denomination per Note of EUR 100,000 or more. 
15 Delete for Notes with a denomination per Note of EUR 100,000 or more. 
16 Delete for Notes with a denomination per Note of EUR 100,000 or more.

--- Page 155 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Notes 
140 
Offer Period 
[the period from, and [including]/[excluding], [] to, and
[including]/[excluding],
[]
("Offer Period")]/[the
period from, and [including]/[excluding], [] to, and
[including]/[excluding], [] for the Notes that will be
offered by means of ["online selling"]/["door-to-door" 
selling]] 
31.
Financial Intermediaries granted
specific consent to use the Base
Prospectus in accordance with the
Conditions in it: 
[insert names and addresses of financial intermediaries
receiving consent (specific consent)]
32.
Total commission and concession: 
[In connection with the offer and sale of the Notes, [the
Issuer][Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc or an
Affiliate] will pay [name[s]] a [one time][recurring]
[distribution]/[structuring]
fee
amount
equal
to
[a
maximum
of]
[]
[of
the
Aggregate
Nominal
Amount]/[specify amount]/[per annum/other]]/[No fees
will be paid by the Issuer or Morgan Stanley & Co.
International plc, directly or indirectly, in connection with
any advised sale of Notes]]17
[THIRD PARTY INFORMATION
(Relevant third party information) has been extracted from [] (specify source). The Issuer confirms that
such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain
from information published by [], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced
information inaccurate or misleading.]18
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
By 
.......................................................................  
Duly authorised
17 Delete for Notes with a denomination per Note of EUR 100,000 or more. 
18 Insert if any third party information has been provided.

--- Page 156 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Notes 
141 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION
1.
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING
Listing and admission to Trading: 
(Insert for Series A Notes:) 
[Application [has been made/is expected to be made]
by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be
admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock
Exchange's Regulated Market and to be listed on the
official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange with
effect from
[].]/[Application
[has [also] been
made/is [also] expected to be made] by the Issuer (or
on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to listing
and/or trading on [insert name of exchange] with
effect from [].] 
[No assurances can be given that such application for
listing and/or admission to trading will be granted (or,
if granted, will be granted by the Issue Date.][The
Issuer has no duty to maintain the listing (if any) of
the Notes on the relevant stock exchange(s) over their
entire lifetime.] 
(Insert for Series B Notes:) 
[Not Applicable.] 
[Where documenting a fungible issue, need to
indicate that original Notes are already admitted to
trading.]
[Last day of Trading: 
[]] 
[Estimate of total expenses related to
admission to trading: 
[]]19
2.
RATINGS
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued have been rated: 
[S&P: []] 
[Moody's: []] 
[Fitch: []] 
[DBRS: []] 
[[Other]: []] 
Option 1
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency
entity providing rating] is established in the EEA and
registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009, as
amended (the "CRA Regulation"). 
19 Delete for Notes with a denomination per Note of less than EUR 100,000.

--- Page 157 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Notes 
142 
Option 2
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency
entity providing rating] is not established in the EEA
and is not registered under Regulation (EC) No.
1060/2009, as amended (the "CRA Regulation"). 
Option 3
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency
entity providing rating] is not established in the EEA
and is not registered under Regulation (EC) No.
1060/2009, as amended (the "CRA Regulation").
The rating it has given to the Notes is endorsed by
[insert legal name of credit rating agency], which is
established in the EEA and registered under CRA
Regulation. 
Option 4
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency
entity providing rating] is not established in the EEA
but
is
certified
under
Regulation
(EC)
No.
1060/2009, as amended (the "CRA Regulation").]20
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning
of the ratings if this has previously been published by
the rating provider.]21
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating
allocated to Notes of the type being issued under the
Program generally or, where the issue has been
specifically rated, that rating.) 
Option 5
[The Notes will not be rated].] 
3.
[INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE 
[ISSUE/OFFER]
[Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to
the issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied
by the inclusion of the following statement:] 
"So far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest
material to the offer".] OR 
[Specify material conflicts] 
(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether the new
matters described constitute a "significant new factor" and consequently trigger the need for
a supplement to the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation) 
20 Edit and delete options as appropriate for the relevant rating agency/agencies providing the rating(s). 
21 Delete for Notes with a denomination per Note of EUR 100,000 or more.

--- Page 158 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Notes 
143 
4.
REASONS FOR THE OFFER, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS AND TOTAL 
EXPENSES
[Not Applicable]22/[a) 
Reasons
for the offer: 
[] 
(If reasons for offer different from making profit
and/or hedging certain risks, will need to include
those reasons here.) 
b) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[] 
(It is only necessary to include disclosure of net
proceeds where disclosure is included at (a) above,
although either estimated net proceeds or estimated
total expenses at (c) below should be disclosed.) 
c) 
Estimated total expenses:] 
[][Include breakdown of expenses.] 
(It is only necessary to include disclosure of total
expenses where disclosure is included at (a) above,
although either estimated total expenses or estimated
net proceeds at (b) above should be disclosed.) 
d) 
Fixed Rate Notes only – YIELD
Indication of yield: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
e) 
Floating Rate Notes only – HISTORIC INTEREST RATES
Details of historic [LIBOR/EURIBOR/other] rates can be obtained from [Reuters.]/[Not
Applicable]23
f) 
Inflation-Linked 
Notes 
only 
– 
DESCRIPTION 
OF 
INFLATION 
INDEX/PERFORMANCE OF INFLATION INDEX AND OTHER INFORMATION 
CONCERNING THE INFLATION INDEX
[Not Applicable]24/ [[Include the name of the Inflation Index and an indication of where to
obtain information about the Inflation Index]
[Need to include details of where past and future performance and volatility of the Inflation
Index can be obtained.]
(When completing this paragraph, consideration should be given as to whether such matters
described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a
supplement to the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation) 
The Issuer [intends to provide post-issuance information [specify what information will be
reported and where it can be obtained]] [does not intend to provide post-issuance
information].] 
5.
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION
ISIN Code: 
[] 
22 Specify "Not Applicable" for Notes with a denomination per Note of EUR 100,000 or more and delete rest of the section. 
23 Specify "Not Applicable" for Notes with a denomination per Note of EUR 100,000 or more and delete rest of the section. 
24 Specify "Not Applicable" for Notes with a denomination per Note of EUR 100,000 or more and delete rest of the section.

--- Page 159 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Notes 
144 
Common Code: 
[] 
Any clearing system(s) other than
Euroclear
Bank
SA/NV
and
Clearstream Banking, S.A. and the
relevant identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable]/[give [name(s)] [, addresses of the
clearing
system(s)]
[,
relevant
identification
number(s)] 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
CFI: 
 
[[●]/Not Applicable] 
FISN: 
[[●]/Not applicable] 
Names and addresses of initial Paying
Agent: 
[] 
Names and addresses of additional
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[] 
Intended to be held in a manner which
would allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes][No]
[Note that the designation "yes" simply means that
the Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited
with one of the ICSDs25 as common safekeeper, and
registered in the name of a nominee of one of the
ICSDs acting as common safekeeper26 and does not
necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised as
eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy
and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem
either upon issue or at any or all times during their
life. Such recognition will depend upon the ECB
being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria
have been met] 
(include this text if "Yes" selected)
[Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the
date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that
the Notes are capable of meeting them, the Notes may
then be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common
safekeeper, and registered in the name of a nominee
of one of the ICSDs acting as common safekeeper.
Note that this does not necessarily mean that the
Notes will then be recognised as eligible collateral for
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit
operations by the Eurosystem at any time during their
life. Such recognition will depend upon the ECB
being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria
have been met.] 
(include this text if "No" is selected)
25 International Central Securities Depositories. 
26 To be included for Notes

--- Page 160 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Notes 
145 
6.
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER
[Not Applicable]27/[Offer Price: 
[Issue Price] [specify] 
Conditions to which the offer is
subject: 
[Not Applicable/Offers of the Notes are conditional
upon their issue]
Description
of
the
application
process: 
[Not Applicable/give details]
Description of possibility to reduce
subscriptions
and
manner
for
refunding excess amount paid by
applicants: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
Details
of
the
minimum
and/or
maximum amount of application: 
[Not Applicable/give details]
Details of the method and time limited
for paying up and delivering the
Notes: 
[Not Applicable/The Notes will be issued on the Issue
Date against payment to the Issuer of the net
subscription moneys]
Manner in and date on which results
of the offer are to be made public: 
[Not Applicable/give details]
Procedure for exercise of any right of
pre-emption,
negotiability
of
subscription rights and treatment of
subscription rights not exercised: 
[Not Applicable/give details]
Process for notification to applicants
of
the
amount
allotted
and
the
indication whether dealing may begin
before notification is made: 
[Not Applicable/give details]
Amount of any expenses and taxes
specifically charged to the subscriber
or purchaser: 
[Not Applicable]/[Estimated expenses charged to the
investor by the Issuer or the offeror are [].]/[No
expenses will be charged by the Issuer to the investor,
however, a subscription charge of up to [specify
amount]
may
be
charged
by
the
Authorised
Offeror]/[Not applicable. There are no estimated
expenses charged to the investor by the Issuer [or the
Authorised Offeror]/[give details] 
Name(s) and address(es), to the extent
known to the Issuer, of the placers in
the various countries where the offer
takes place.] 
[None/give details]
7.
PLACING AND UNDERWRITING
[Not
Applicable]28/[Name
and
address of the co-ordinator(s) of the
global offer and of single parts of the
offer and, to the extent known to the
issuer or to the offeror, of the placers
[] 
27 Specify "Not Applicable" for Notes with a denomination per Note of EUR 100,000 or more and delete rest of the section. 
28 Specify "Not Applicable" for Notes with a denomination per Note of EUR 100,000 or more and delete rest of the section.

--- Page 161 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Notes 
146 
in the various countries where the
offer takes place: 
Name and address of any paying
agents and depository agents in each
country: 
[] 
Entities agreeing to underwrite the
issue on a firm commitment basis, and
entities agreeing to place the issue
without a firm commitment or under
"best efforts" agreements. Where not
all of the issue is underwritten, a
statement of the portion not covered] 
[] 
8.
OTHER MARKETS
All
the
regulated
markets
or
equivalent markets on which, to the
knowledge of the issuer, securities of
the same class of securities to be
offered or admitted to trading are
already admitted to trading: 
[[]/None] 
9. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO 
EEA RETAIL INVESTORS] 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]
10
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO 
UK RETAIL INVESTORS] 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
11. 
DETAILS OF BENCHMARKS 
ADMINISTRATORS 
AND 
REGISTRATION 
UNDER 
BENCHMARKS REGULATION:
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
[[specify benchmark] is administered by [insert legal
name of administrator], who as at the Issue Date,
appears
on
the
register
of
administrators
and
benchmarks established and maintained by the
European Securities and Markets Authority pursuant
to
Article
36
of
the
Benchmarks
Regulation
(Regulation (EU) 2016/2011) (the "Benchmarks 
Regulation").]/[[specify benchmark] is administered
by [insert legal name of administrator], who as at the
Issue Date, does not appear on the register of
administrators
and
benchmarks
established
and
maintained by the European Securities and Markets
Authority pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmarks
Regulation
(Regulation
(EU)
2016/1011)
(the
"Benchmarks Regulation"). [As far as the Issuer is
aware [insert legal name of administrator] is not
required to be registered by virtue of Article 2 of the
Benchmarks Regulation.][As far as the Issuer is
aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the
Benchmarks Regulation apply, such that [insert legal
name of administrator] is not currently required to
obtain authorisation or registration (or if located
outside
the
European
Union,
recognition,
endorsement or equivalence).]
(repeat as appropriate)

--- Page 162 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms for Notes 
147 
12. 
DETAILS OF BENCHMARKS 
ADMINISTRATORS 
AND 
REGISTRATION 
UNDER 
UK 
BENCHMARKS REGULATION:
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
[[specify benchmark] is administered by [insert legal
name of administrator], who as at the Issue Date,
appears
on
the
register
of
administrators
and
benchmarks established and maintained by the
United
Kingdom
Financial
Conduct
Authority
pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation
(Regulation (EU) 2016/2011) as it forms part of
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK 
Benchmarks Regulation").]/[[specify benchmark]
is
administered
by
[insert
legal
name
of
administrator], who as at the Issue Date, does not
appear
on
the
register
of
administrators
and
benchmarks established and maintained by the
United
Kingdom
Financial
Conduct
Authority
pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation
(Regulation (EU) 2016/2011) as it forms part of
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK 
Benchmarks Regulation")]. [As far as the Issuer is
aware [insert legal name of administrator] is not
required to be registered by virtue of Article 2 of the
UK Benchmarks Regulation].][As far as the Issuer is
aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the
UK Benchmarks Regulation apply, such that [insert
legal name of administrator] is not currently required
to obtain authorisation or registration (or if located
outside
the
United
Kingdom,
recognition,
endorsement or equivalence).]
(repeat as appropriate)

--- Page 163 ---
Issue-Specific Summary of the Notes 
148 
ISSUE-SPECIFIC SUMMARY OF THE NOTES 
[Insert]

--- Page 164 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement for Notes 
149 
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR NOTES29
NO PROSPECTUS IS REQUIRED IN ACCORDANCE WITH REGULATION (EU) 2017/1129 
FOR 
THE 
ISSUE 
OF 
NOTES 
DESCRIBED 
BELOW. 
THE 
COMMISSION 
DE 
SURVEILLANCE DU SECTEUR FINANCIER HAS NEITHER APPROVED NOR REVIEWED 
THIS PRICING SUPPLEMENT IN ITS CAPACITY AS COMPETENT AUTHORITY UNDER 
THE LUXEMBOURG ACT DATED 16 JULY 2019 ON PROSPECTUSES FOR SECURITIES. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS:
THE NOTES ARE NOT INTENDED TO BE OFFERED, SOLD OR OTHERWISE MADE
AVAILABLE TO AND SHOULD NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD OR OTHERWISE MADE
AVAILABLE TO ANY RETAIL INVESTOR IN THE EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA (THE
"EEA"). FOR THESE PURPOSES, A RETAIL INVESTOR IN THE EEA MEANS A PERSON WHO
IS ONE (OR MORE) OF:
(A)
A RETAIL CLIENT AS DEFINED IN POINT (11) OF ARTICLE 4(1) OF DIRECTIVE
2014/65/EU, AS AMENDED ("MiFID II");
(B)
A CUSTOMER WITHIN THE MEANING OF DIRECTIVE (EU) 2016/97, WHERE THAT
CUSTOMER WOULD NOT QUALIFY AS A PROFESSIONAL CLIENT AS DEFINED IN
POINT (10) OF ARTICLE 4(1) OF MiFID II; OR 
(C)
NOT A QUALIFIED INVESTOR AS DEFINED IN REGULATION (EU) 2017/1129 (THE
"PROSPECTUS REGULATION").
CONSEQUENTLY, NO KEY INFORMATION DOCUMENT REQUIRED BY REGULATION (EU)
NO 1286/2014, AS AMENDED (THE "PRIIPS REGULATION") FOR OFFERING OR SELLING
THE NOTES OR OTHERWISE MAKING THEM AVAILABLE TO RETAIL INVESTORS IN THE
EEA HAS BEEN PREPARED AND, THEREFORE, OFFERING OR SELLING THE NOTES OR
OTHERWISE MAKING THEM AVAILABLE TO ANY RETAIL INVESTOR IN THE EEA MAY BE
UNLAWFUL UNDER THE PRIIPS REGULATION.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS:
THE NOTES ARE NOT INTENDED TO BE OFFERED, SOLD OR OTHERWISE MADE
AVAILABLE TO AND SHOULD NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD OR OTHERWISE MADE
AVAILABLE TO ANY RETAIL INVESTOR IN THE UNITED KINGDOM (THE "UK"). FOR
THESE PURPOSES, A RETAIL INVESTOR IN THE UK MEANS A PERSON WHO IS ONE (OR
MORE) OF: 
(A)
A RETAIL CLIENT AS DEFINED IN POINT (8) OF ARTICLE 2 OF REGULATION (EU)
NO 2017/565 AS IT FORMS PART OF "RETAINED EU LAW", AS DEFINED IN THE
EUROPEAN UNION (WITHDRAWAL) ACT 2018 (THE "EUWA"); 
(B)
A CUSTOMER WITHIN THE MEANING OF THE PROVISIONS OF THE FINANCIAL
SERVICES AND MARKETS ACT 2000 ("FSMA") AND ANY RULES OR REGULATIONS
MADE UNDER FSMA TO IMPLEMENT DIRECTIVE (EU) 2016/97, WHERE THAT
CUSTOMER WOULD NOT QUALIFY AS A PROFESSIONAL CLIENT, AS DEFINED IN
POINT (8) OF ARTICLE 2(1) OF REGULATION (EU) NO 600/2014 AS IT FORMS PART
OF "RETAINED EU LAW" AS DEFINED IN THE EUWA; OR 
(C)
NOT A QUALIFIED INVESTOR AS DEFINED IN ARTICLE 2 OF REGULATION (EU) 
2017/1129 AS IT FORMS PART OF "RETAINED EU LAW", AS DEFINED IN THE EUWA 
(THE "UK PROSPECTUS REGULATION"). 
CONSEQUENTLY, NO KEY INFORMATION DOCUMENT REQUIRED BY REGULATION (EU)
NO 1286/2014 AS IT FORMS PART OF "RETAINED EU LAW", AS DEFINED IN THE EUWA
29 
For Exempt Notes only.

--- Page 165 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement for Notes 
150 
(THE "UK PRIIPS REGULATION") FOR OFFERING OR SELLING THE NOTES OR
OTHERWISE MAKING THEM AVAILABLE TO RETAIL INVESTORS IN THE UK HAS BEEN
PREPARED AND, THEREFORE, OFFERING OR SELLING THE NOTES OR OTHERWISE
MAKING THEM AVAILABLE TO ANY RETAIL INVESTOR IN THE UK MAY BE UNLAWFUL
UNDER THE UK PRIIPS REGULATION.]
[MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE/PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY 
TARGET MARKET: 
SOLELY FOR THE PURPOSES OF THE MANUFACTURER'S PRODUCT APPROVAL PROCESS,
THE TARGET MARKET ASSESSMENT IN RESPECT OF THE NOTES HAS LED TO THE
CONCLUSION THAT:
(A) 
THE TARGET MARKET FOR THE NOTES IS ELIGIBLE COUNTERPARTIES AND
PROFESSIONAL CLIENTS ONLY, EACH AS DEFINED IN MIFID II; AND
(B) 
ALL
CHANNELS
FOR
DISTRIBUTION
OF
THE
NOTES
TO
ELIGIBLE
COUNTERPARTIES AND PROFESSIONAL CLIENTS ARE APPROPRIATE. 
ANY PERSON SUBSEQUENTLY OFFERING, SELLING OR RECOMMENDING THE NOTES (A
“DISTRIBUTOR”)
SHOULD
TAKE
INTO
CONSIDERATION
THE
MANUFACTURER'S
TARGET MARKET ASSESSMENT; HOWEVER, A DISTRIBUTOR SUBJECT TO MIFID II IS
RESPONSIBLE FOR UNDERTAKING ITS OWN TARGET MARKET ASSESSMENT IN RESPECT
OF THE NOTES (BY EITHER ADOPTING OR REFINING THE MANUFACTURER'S TARGET
MARKET ASSESSMENT) AND DETERMINING APPROPRIATE DISTRIBUTION CHANNELS.] 
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE/PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY 
TARGET MARKET: 
SOLELY FOR THE PURPOSES OF THE MANUFACTURER'S PRODUCT APPROVAL PROCESS,
THE TARGET MARKET ASSESSMENT IN RESPECT OF THE NOTES HAS LED TO THE
CONCLUSION THAT:
(A)  
THE TARGET MARKET FOR THE NOTES IS ONLY ELIGIBLE COUNTERPARTIES, AS
DEFINED IN THE FCA HANDBOOK CONDUCT OF BUSINESS SOURCEBOOK
("COBS"), AND PROFESSIONAL CLIENTS, AS DEFINED IN REGULATION (EU) NO
600/2014 AS IT FORMS PART OF "RETAINED EU LAW", AS DEFINED IN THE
EUROPEAN UNION (WITHDRAWAL) ACT 2018 ("EUWA") ("UK MIFIR"); AND
(B)  
ALL
CHANNELS
FOR
DISTRIBUTION
OF
THE
NOTES
TO
ELIGIBLE
COUNTERPARTIES AND PROFESSIONAL CLIENTS ARE APPROPRIATE.
ANY [PERSON SUBSEQUENTLY OFFERING, SELLING OR RECOMMENDING THE NOTES (A
“DISTRIBUTOR”)]/[DISTRIBUTOR]
SHOULD
TAKE
INTO
CONSIDERATION
THE
MANUFACTURERS'
TARGET
MARKET
ASSESSMENT;
HOWEVER,
A
DISTRIBUTOR
SUBJECT
TO
THE
FCA
HANDBOOK
PRODUCT
INTERVENTION
AND
PRODUCT
GOVERNANCE SOURCEBOOK (THE "UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE RULES") IS
RESPONSIBLE FOR UNDERTAKING ITS OWN TARGET MARKET ASSESSMENT IN RESPECT
OF THE NOTES (BY EITHER ADOPTING OR REFINING THE MANUFACTURERS' TARGET
MARKET ASSESSMENT) AND DETERMINING APPROPRIATE DISTRIBUTION CHANNELS.] 
[MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE/ RETAIL INVESTORS/ PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS 
AND ECPS TARGET MARKET: 
SOLELY FOR THE PURPOSES OF THE MANUFACTURER'S PRODUCT APPROVAL PROCESS,
THE TARGET MARKET ASSESSMENT IN RESPECT OF THE NOTES HAS LED TO THE
CONCLUSION THAT:
(A) 
THE
TARGET MARKET
FOR
THE NOTES IS
ELIGIBLE COUNTERPARTIES,
PROFESSIONAL CLIENTS AND RETAIL CLIENTS, EACH AS DEFINED IN MIFID II;
AND
(B) 
ALL CHANNELS FOR DISTRIBUTION OF THE NOTES ARE APPROPRIATE.

--- Page 166 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement for Notes 
151 
ANY PERSON SUBSEQUENTLY OFFERING, SELLING OR RECOMMENDING THE NOTES (A
“DISTRIBUTOR”)
SHOULD
TAKE
INTO
CONSIDERATION
THE
MANUFACTURER'S
TARGET MARKET ASSESSMENT; HOWEVER, A DISTRIBUTOR SUBJECT TO MIFID II IS
RESPONSIBLE FOR UNDERTAKING ITS OWN TARGET MARKET ASSESSMENT IN RESPECT
OF THE NOTES (BY EITHER ADOPTING OR REFINING THE MANUFACTURER'S TARGET
MARKET ASSESSMENT) AND DETERMINING APPROPRIATE DISTRIBUTION CHANNELS.] 
[UK 
MIFID 
PRODUCT 
GOVERNANCE/ 
RETAIL 
INVESTORS/ 
PROFESSIONAL 
INVESTORS AND ECPS TARGET MARKET: 
SOLELY FOR THE PURPOSES OF THE MANUFACTURER'S PRODUCT APPROVAL PROCESS,
THE TARGET MARKET ASSESSMENT IN RESPECT OF THE NOTES HAS LED TO THE
CONCLUSION THAT:
(A)  
THE TARGET MARKET FOR THE NOTES IS RETAIL CLIENTS, AS DEFINED IN POINT
(8) OF ARTICLE 2 OF REGULATION (EU) NO 2017/565 AS IT FORMS PART OF
"RETAINED EU LAW", AS DEFINED IN THE EUROPEAN UNION (WITHDRAWAL)
ACT 2018 ("EUWA"), ELIGIBLE COUNTERPARTIES, AS DEFINED IN THE FCA
HANDBOOK
CONDUCT
OF
BUSINESS
SOURCEBOOK
("COBS"),
AND
PROFESSIONAL CLIENTS, AS DEFINED IN REGULATION (EU) NO 600/2014 AS IT
FORMS PART OF "RETAINED EU LAW", AS DEFINED IN THE EUWA ("UK MIFIR");
AND
(B)  
ALL CHANNELS FOR DISTRIBUTION OF THE NOTES ARE APPROPRIATE.
ANY [PERSON SUBSEQUENTLY OFFERING, SELLING OR RECOMMENDING THE NOTES (A
“DISTRIBUTOR”)]/[DISTRIBUTOR]
SHOULD
TAKE
INTO
CONSIDERATION
THE
MANUFACTURERS'
TARGET
MARKET
ASSESSMENT;
HOWEVER,
A
DISTRIBUTOR
SUBJECT
TO
THE
FCA
HANDBOOK
PRODUCT
INTERVENTION
AND
PRODUCT
GOVERNANCE SOURCEBOOK (THE "UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE RULES") IS
RESPONSIBLE FOR UNDERTAKING ITS OWN TARGET MARKET ASSESSMENT IN RESPECT
OF THE NOTES (BY EITHER ADOPTING OR REFINING THE MANUFACTURERS' TARGET
MARKET ASSESSMENT) AND DETERMINING APPROPRIATE DISTRIBUTION CHANNELS.] 
A NON-U.S. HOLDER WILL BE SUBJECT TO U.S. WITHHOLDING TAX UNLESS THE 
BENEFICIAL OWNER OF THE NOTES (OR A FINANCIAL INSTITUTION HOLDING THE 
NOTES ON BEHALF OF THE BENEFICIAL OWNER) FURNISHES THE APPROPRIATE 
FORM W-8, ON WHICH THE BENEFICIAL OWNER CERTIFIES UNDER PENALTIES OF 
PERJURY THAT IT IS NOT A U.S. PERSON. IF WITHHOLDING OR DEDUCTION OF 
TAXES IS REQUIRED BY LAW (REGARDLESS OF WHETHER A HOLDER FURNISHED 
AN APPROPRIATE FORM), PAYMENTS ON THE NOTES WILL BE MADE NET OF 
APPLICABLE WITHHOLDING TAXES, AND MORGAN STANLEY WILL NOT BE 
REQUIRED TO PAY ANY ADDITIONAL AMOUNTS TO NON-U.S. HOLDERS WITH 
RESPECT TO ANY TAXES WITHHELD. 
THE NOTES ARE NOT DEPOSITS OR SAVINGS ACCOUNTS AND ARE NOT INSURED BY 
THE U.S. FEDERAL DEPOSIT INSURANCE CORPORATION OR ANY OTHER 
GOVERNMENTAL AGENCY OR INSTRUMENTALITY OR DEPOSIT PROTECTION 
SCHEME ANYWHERE NOR ARE THEY OBLIGATIONS OF, OR GUARANTEED BY, A 
BANK. 
Pricing Supplement dated [] 
MORGAN STANLEY 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): IGJSJL3JD5P30I6NJZ34 
Under the Base Prospectus for the Issuance of Notes, Series A and Series B under the Regulation S
Program for the Issuance of Notes, Series A and Series B, Warrants and Certificates 
This Pricing Supplement has been prepared on the basis that any offer of Notes in any member state of
the European Economic Area or the United Kingdom (each, a "Relevant State") will be made pursuant

--- Page 167 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement for Notes 
152 
to an exemption under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation") or the Prospectus
Regulation as it forms part of "retained EU law" as defined in the European Union (Withdrawal) Act
2018 (the "UK Prospectus Regulation") from the requirement to publish a prospectus for offers of the
Notes. Accordingly any person making or intending to make an offer in that Relevant State of the Notes
may only do so in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any Distribution Agent
to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus
pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer. Neither the
Issuer nor any Distribution Agent has authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of any offer of Notes
in any other circumstances. 
Warning: This Pricing Supplement does not constitute a "prospectus" for the purposes of Article 8 of
the Prospectus Regulation or Article 8 of the UK Prospectus Regulation, and this Pricing Supplement
has been prepared on the basis that no prospectus shall be required under the Prospectus Regulation or
UK Prospectus Regulation in relation to any Notes be offered and sold under hereby.
PART A — CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions
of the Notes set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 19 July 2021 (the "Base Prospectus") [and the
supplement[s] dated [][,[] … []] to the Base Prospectus]. This document constitutes the Pricing
Supplement of the Notes described herein. Reference in the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement (as
defined in the Base Prospectus) to "Final Terms" shall be deemed to be relevant to this Pricing
Supplement. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the
combination of this Pricing Supplement and the Base Prospectus. Copies of the Base Prospectus [and
any supplement(s) thereto] are available from the offices of Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc at
25
Cabot
Square,
Canary
Wharf,
London
E14
4QA
and
on
the
Issuer's
website
at
http://sp.morganstanley.com/EU/Documents and copies of the Base Prospectus [and any supplement(s)
thereto]. 
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was
issued under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date:
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions
of the Notes set forth in the Base Prospectus dated [8 April 2016 and the supplement to it dated 20
January 2017]/[19 April 2017]/[19 June 2018 and the supplement to it dated 25 January 2019]/ [28 June
2019 and the supplement to it dated 27 August 2019]/[13 July 2020] which [are]/is] incorporated by
reference in the Base Prospectus dated 19 July 2021. This document constitutes the Pricing Supplement
of the Notes described herein. Reference in the Base Prospectus and the Issue and Paying Agency
Agreement (as defined in the Base Prospectus) to "Final Terms" shall be deemed to be relevant to this
Pricing Supplement. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the
basis of the combination of this Pricing Supplement and the Base Prospectus. Copies of the Base
Prospectus [and any supplement(s) thereto] are available from the offices of Morgan Stanley & Co.
International plc at 25 Cabot Square, Canary Wharf, London E14 4QA and on the Issuer's website at
http://sp.morganstanley.com/EU/Documents and copies of the Base Prospectus [and any supplement(s)
thereto]. 
1.
a)
Series Number: 
[] 
b)
Series Designation: 
[Series A]/[Series B] 
[c) 
Tranche Number: 
[] 
[The Notes will be fungible with the [currency] [] [Title of
the Notes], bearing ISIN []] 
2.
Specified Currency: 
[] 
3.
Aggregate [Nominal
Amount]/[Number] of Notes: 
[] 
[[a)] 
Series: 
[]]

--- Page 168 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement for Notes 
153 
[b) 
Tranche: 
[]] 
4.
Issue Price: 
[] per cent. of par per Note/[] per Note 
5.
a)
Specified Denominations
(Par): 
[] [and integral multiples of [] in excess thereof] 
b)
Calculation Amount: 
[] 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the Specified
Denomination. If more than one Specified Denomination,
insert the highest common factor. Note: There must be a
common factor in the case of two or more Specified
Denominations) 
6.
a)
Issue Date: 
[] 
b)
Trade Date: 
[] 
c)
Interest Commencement
Date: 
[]/[Issue Date]/[Not Applicable] 
[OR] 
[In relation to interest payable under Condition 5 (Fixed
Rate Note Provisions), []. See paragraph 14 below for
further details] 
[In relation to interest payable under Condition 6 (Floating
Rate Note Provisions), []. See paragraph 15 below for
further details] 
7.
Maturity Date: 
[[Scheduled Maturity Date is] []]/[The Interest Payment
Date falling in, or nearest to, [month] [year]]
(specify date or, for Floating Rate Notes, the Interest
Payment Date falling in, or nearest to, the relevant month
and year)
8.
Specified Day(s): 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the below) 
[]
[Business
Day[s]]/[Clearing
System
Business
Day[s]]/[calendar days]] 
9.
Interest Basis: 
[Non-interest bearing] 
[Zero Coupon [and]] 
[Fixed Rate Notes [and]] 
[Floating Rate Notes [and]] 
[Inflation-Linked Notes] 
(further particulars specified below) 
10.
Automatic Change of Interest
Basis: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 169 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement for Notes 
154 
(Condition 9) 
Interest Basis Table
Interest 
Commencement 
Date(s)
Interest 
Payment 
Date(s)
Interest Basis
[] 
(repeat as
required) 
[]/[As set
forth in
paragraph []
below] 
(repeat as
required) 
[Zero Coupon]/ 
[Fixed Rate Notes]/ 
[Floating Rate
Notes]/ 
[Inflation-Linked
Notes]/ 
(repeat as required)
11.
Final Redemption Amount: 
[Fixed Final Redemption. The Fixed Final Redemption
Amount is []] 
[Accrued Value. [The Accrued Value Commencement Date
is [].] The Accrual Yield is [] per cent. and the Reference
Price is [specify]]
(i) 
Final Bonus: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(ii) 
Final Bonus Amount: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
12.
Call Option:30
Redemption at the Option of the
Issuer: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Condition 10.3) 
13.
Method of Distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE
14.
Fixed Rate Note Provisions
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Condition 5) 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of
this paragraph)
a)
Fixed Interest Rate: 
[]
per
cent.
per
annum
[payable
[annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly/other (specify)] in arrear]/ 
[OR] 
Interest Period
Fixed Interest Rate
From (and including) the
[Interest
Commencement
Date]/[Interest
Payment
Date]/[Interest Period End
Date]
[falling
[] per cent. per annum
[payable
[annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly
/other (specify)] in arrear]
(repeat as required)
30 Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear require a minimum notice period of five business days.

--- Page 170 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement for Notes 
155 
on]/[scheduled to fall on] [
] to (but excluding) the
[Interest
Payment
Date]/[Interest Period End
Date]
[falling
on]/[scheduled to fall on] [
] [(such scheduled [Interest
Payment
Dates]/[Interest
Period End Dates] not being
adjusted for any Business
Day Convention)] (repeat
as required)
b)
Interest Period(s) subject
only to Fixed Rate Notes
Provisions: 
From
(and
including)
the
[Interest
Commencement
Date]/[Interest Payment Date]/[Interest Period End Date]
[falling on]/[scheduled to fall on] [] to (but excluding) the
[Interest Payment Date]/[Interest Period End Date] [falling
on]/[scheduled to fall on] [][(such scheduled [Interest
Payment Dates]/[Interest Period End Dates] not being
adjusted for any Business Day Convention)] 
(repeat as required)
c)
Interest Period End
Date(s): 
[Each Interest Payment Date]/[Specify other] 
d)
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[Each of the [] day of [month], [month] (repeat as
required) in each calendar year from (and including) [] to
(and including) []]/[[] (specify dates) [, each] [, adjusted
in accordance with the Business Day Convention specified
below]/[, not adjusted]]
(Specify Interest Payment Dates to which only Fixed Rate
Notes Provisions apply)
e)
Business Day Convention: [Following Business Day Convention/Modified Following
Business
Day
Convention/Modified
Business
Day
Convention/Preceding
Business
Day
Convention]/[No
Adjustment/Unadjusted] 
f)
Additional Business
Centre(s): 
[●] 
g)
Fixed Coupon Amount(s): [Applicable, [] per Calculation Amount]/[Not Applicable]
[OR]
Interest Period
Fixed Coupon Amount
From (and including) the
[Interest
Commencement
Date]/[Interest
Payment
Date]/[Interest Period End
Date]
[falling
on]/[scheduled to fall on] [
] to (but excluding) the
[Interest
Payment
Date]/[Interest Period End
Date]
[falling
[]
per
Calculation
Amount/[Not
Applicable] 
(repeat as required)

--- Page 171 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement for Notes 
156 
on]/[scheduled to fall on] [
] [(such scheduled [Interest
Payment
Dates]/[Interest
Period End Dates] not being
adjusted for any Business
Day Convention)] 
(repeat as required) 
h)
Broken Amount(s): 
[Applicable, [] per Calculation Amount, payable on the
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] []]/[Not Applicable]
[OR]
Interest Payment Date(s)
Broken Amount
[] 
(repeat as required) 
[[]
per
Calculation
Amount]/[Not
Applicable] 
(repeat as required) 
i)
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)]/[Actual/Actual]/[Actual/Actual
(ISDA)]/[Actual/365 (Fixed)]/[Actual/365L]/ 
[Actual/360]/[30/360]/[30/360 (ICMA)]/[30/360
(ISDA)]/[360/360]/[Bond Basis]/[30E/360]/[Eurobond
Basis]/[30E/360 (ISDA)]/[1/1] 
j)
Party responsible for
calculating the Interest
Amount(s): 
[]/[Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc] 
15.
Floating Rate Note Provisions
[Applicable. The Notes are Floating Rate Notes]/[Not
Applicable] 
(Condition 6) 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of
this paragraph)
a)
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[Each of the [] day of [month], [month] (repeat as
required) in each calendar year from (and including) [] to
(and including) []]/[[] (specify dates) [, each] [, adjusted
in accordance with the Business Day Convention specified
below]/[, not adjusted]] 
b)
Interest Period End
Date(s): 
[Each Interest Payment Date]/[Specify other] 
c)
Interest Period(s): 
From
(and
including)
the
[Interest
Commencement
Date]/[Interest Payment Date]/[Interest Period End Date]
[falling on]/[scheduled to fall on] [] to (but excluding) the
[Interest Payment Date]/[Interest Period End Date] [falling
on]/[scheduled to fall on] [] [(such scheduled [Interest
Payment Dates]/[Interest Period End Dates] not being
adjusted for any Business Day Convention)] 
(repeat as required)
d)
Linear Interpolation: 
(Condition 6.4) 
[Applicable in respect of the Interest Period: (repeat
applicable Interest Periods from above)/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 172 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement for Notes 
157 
e)
Business Day Convention: [Following Business Day Convention] [Modified Following
Business
Day
Convention]/[Modified
Business
Day
Convention]/ 
[Preceding Business Day Convention]/ 
[FRN Convention. The Specified Period is from (and
including)
[]
to
(but
excluding)
[]
(repeat
as
required)]/[Floating
Rate
Convention]/[Eurodollar
Convention]/ 
[No Adjustment]/[Unadjusted] 
(delete as appropriate)
f)
Additional Business
Centre(s): 
[] 
g)
Manner in which the
Floating Interest Rate(s)
is/are to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination]/[ISDA Determination] [CMS
Rate Determination]/[Not Applicable]
[OR]
Interest Period
Floating Interest Rate
From (and including) the
[Interest
Commencement
Date]/[Interest
Payment
Date]/[Interest Period End
Date]
[falling
on]/[scheduled to fall on] [
] to (but excluding) the
[Interest
Payment
Date]/[Interest Period End
Date]
[falling
on]/[scheduled to fall on] [
] [(such scheduled [Interest
Payment
Dates]/[Interest
Period End Dates] not being
adjusted for any Business
Day Convention)] 
(repeat as required) 
[Screen
Rate
Determination]/[ISDA
Determination]/[CMS
Rate Determination]/[[]
per cent.] 
(repeat as required) 
h)
Party
responsible
for
calculating the Rate(s) of
Interest
and/or
Interest
Amount(s): 
[]/[Determination Agent] 
i)
Screen
Rate
Determination: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 

Reference Rate: 
[] 

Provisions specific to
SOFR
as
Reference
Rate
–
SOFR
[Not Applicable] 
[SOFR Compound with Lookback

--- Page 173 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement for Notes 
158 
Benchmark
(Condition 6.8): 
Lookback Days: [] U.S. Government Securities
Business Days] 
[SOFR Compound with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Shift Days: [] U.S. Government
Securities Business Days] 
[SOFR Compound with Payment Delay 
[Interest Payment Delay: [] U.S. Government
Securities Business Days]] 
[SOFR Index Average 
SOFR IndexStart: [] U.S. Government Securities
Business Days preceding the first date of the
relevant Interest Period 
SOFR IndexEnd: [] U.S. Government Securities
Business Days preceding the Interest Period End
Date relating to the relevant Interest Period 
Observation Shift Days: [] U.S. Government Securities
Business Days] 

Provisions specific to
SONIA as Reference
Rate
–
SONIA
Benchmark
(Condition 6.9): 
[Not Applicable] 
[SONIA Compound with Lookback 
Lookback Days: [] London Banking Days] 
[SONIA Compound with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Shift Days: [] London Banking Days]
[SONIA Compound with Payment Delay 
[SONIA Rate Cut-Off Date: [] London Banking
Days] 
[Interest Payment Delay: [] London Banking
Days]] 
[SONIA Index Average 
Relevant Number: [] 
[Observation Shift Days: [] London Banking Days]] 

Provisions specific to
€STR
as
Reference
Rate
–
€STR
Benchmark
(Condition 6.10): 
[€STR Compound with Lookback 
Lookback Days: [] TARGET Settlement Days] 
[€STR Compound with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Shift Days: [] TARGET Settlement
Days] 
[€STR Compound with Payment Delay 
[€STR Rate Cut-Off Date: [] TARGET Settlement
Days] 
[[Interest Payment Delay: [] TARGET Settlement
Days]]
[€STR Index Average 
Relevant Number: [] 
[Observation Shift Days: [] TARGET Settlement Days]]

--- Page 174 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement for Notes 
159 

Provisions specific to
SARON as Reference
Rate
–
SARON
Benchmark
(Condition 6.11): 
[SARON Compound with Lookback 
Lookback Days: [] Zurich Banking Days] 
[SARON Compound with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Shift Days: [] Zurich Banking Days] 
[SARON Compound with Payment Delay 
[SARON Rate Cut-Off Date: [] Zurich Banking
Days] 
[Interest Payment Delay: [] Zurich Banking Days]]
[SAION Index Average 
Relevant Number: [] 
[Observation Shift Days: [] Zurich Banking Days]] 

Provisions specific to
TONA as Reference
Rate
–
TONA
Benchmark
(Condition 6.12): 
[TONA Compound with Lookback 
Lookback Days: [] Tokyo Banking Days] 
[TONA Compound with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Shift Days: [] Tokyo Banking Days] 
[TONA Compound with Payment Delay 
[TONA Rate Cut-Off Date: [] Tokyo Banking
Days] 
[Interest Payment Delay: [] Tokyo Banking Days]]
[TONA Index Average 
Relevant Number: [] 
[Observation Shift Days: [] Tokyo Banking Days]] 

Interest Determination
Date(s): 
[] 

Relevant Screen Page: [] 

Margin: 
[[+/-][] per cent. per annum]/[As specified in the Rate
Table below] 

[Interest Participation
Rate: 
[]/[As specified in the Rate Table below] 

[Rate Table:] 
Rate Table
Interest Payment 
Date(s)
Margin
Interest 
Participation 
Rate
[] 
(repeat as
required)
[[+/-][] per
cent. per
annum] 
(repeat as
required)
[] 
(repeat as
required)]

--- Page 175 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement for Notes 
160 
j)
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 

2006
ISDA
Definitions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 

2021
ISDA
Definitions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 

Floating Rate Option: [] 

Designated Maturity: 
[]/[Not Applicable] (Only applicable where the Floating 
Rate Option is not an overnight rate) 

Reset Date: 
[] 

Overnight
Floating
Rate Option: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 

Index
Floating
Rate
Option: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 

Overnight
Rate
Compounding
Method: 
[Not Applicable] (Specify as Not Applicable if Averaging
applies) 
[OIS Compounding 
[Daily Capped Rate and/or Daily Floored Rate:
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Daily Capped Rate: [●]] 
[Daily Floored Rate: [●]]] 
[Compounding with Lookback 
[Lookback: [●] Applicable Business Days] 
[Daily Capped Rate and/or Daily Floored Rate:
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Daily Capped Rate: [●]] 
[Daily Floored Rate: [●]]] 
[Compounding with Observation Period Shift 
Set-in-Advance: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
[Observation Period Shift: [●] Observation Period
Shift Business Days] 
[Observation
Period
Shift
Additional
Business
Days: [●]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Daily Capped Rate and/or Daily Floored Rate:
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Daily Capped Rate: [●]] 
[Daily Floored Rate: [●]]] 
[Compounding with Lockout 
[Lockout: [●] Lockout Period Business Days] 
[Lockout Period Business Days: [●]/[Applicable
Business Days]]

--- Page 176 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement for Notes 
161 
[Daily Capped Rate and/or Daily Floored Rate:
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Daily Capped Rate: [●]] 
[Daily Floored Rate: [●]]] 
[Applicable, as per the Floating Rate Matrix (as defined in
the ISDA Definitions)] (Only applicable where the 2021
ISDA Definitions apply) 

Overnight
Rate
Averaging Method: 
[Not
Applicable]
(Specify
as
Not
Applicable
if
Compounding applies) 
[Overnight Averaging 
[Daily Capped Rate and/or Daily Floored Rate:
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Daily Capped Rate: [●]] 
[Daily Floored Rate: [●]]] 
[Averaging with Lookback 
[Lookback: [●] Applicable Business Days] 
[Daily Capped Rate and/or Daily Floored Rate:
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Daily Capped Rate: [●]] 
[Daily Floored Rate: [●]]] 
[Averaging with Observation Period Shift 
Set-in-Advance: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
[Observation Period Shift: [●] Observation Period
Shift Business Days] 
[Observation
Period
Shift
Additional
Business
Days: [●]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Daily Capped Rate and/or Daily Floored Rate:
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Daily Capped Rate: [●]] 
[Daily Floored Rate: [●]]] 
[Averaging with Lockout 
[Lockout: [●] Lockout Period Business Days] 
[Lockout Period Business Days: [●]/[Applicable
Business Days]] 
[Daily Capped Rate and/or Daily Floored Rate:
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Daily Capped Rate: [●]] 
[Daily Floored Rate: [●]]] 
[Applicable, as per the Floating Rate Matrix (as defined in
the ISDA Definitions)] (Only applicable where the 2021
ISDA Definitions apply) 

Index Method: 
[Not Applicable]

--- Page 177 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement for Notes 
162 
[Standard Index Method] (Only applicable where the 2021
ISDA Definitions apply) 
[Compounded Index Method] 
[Compounded Index Method with Observation Period Shift
Set-in-Advance: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
[Observation Period Shift: [●] Observation Period
Shift Business Days] 
[Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days:
[●]/[Not Applicable]]] 

Delayed Payment: 
[Applicable, with the specified number of days being [●]
Business Days]/[Not Applicable] 

[2006
ISDA
Definitions
Linear
Interpolation: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] (Only include where the
2006 ISDA Definitions apply) 

[2021
ISDA
Definitions
Linear
Interpolation: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] (Only include where the
2021 ISDA Definitions apply) 

Unscheduled Holiday: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] (Only include where the
2021 ISDA Definitions apply) 

[Period
End
Date/Termination
Date
adjustment
for
Unscheduled Holiday:
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] (Only include where the
2021 ISDA Definitions apply) 

[Non-Representative: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] (Only include where the
2021 ISDA Definitions apply) 

[Successor
Benchmark: 
[]
Successor Benchmark Effective Date: []]
(Only include where the 2021 ISDA Definitions apply) 

If
ISDA
Determination applies,
ISDA
Bespoke
Fallbacks to apply in
priority
to
other
fallbacks in Condition
6.17: 
[Yes]/[No] 

Margin: 
[[+/-][] per cent. per annum]/[As specified in the Rate
Table below] 

[Interest Participation
Rate: 
[]/[As specified in the Rate Table below]]

--- Page 178 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement for Notes 
163 

[Rate Table:] 
Rate Table
Interest Payment 
Date(s)
Margin
Interest 
Participation 
Rate
[] 
(repeat as required)
[[+/-][] per
cent. per
annum] 
(repeat as
required)
[] 
(repeat as
required)]
k)
CMS Rate Determination: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable]
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs
of this paragraph) 

CMS Interest Rate: 
[Single CMS Rate] [Spread CMS Rate] 
[CMS
Reference
Rate
[1]] (If CMS Interest Rate
is "Spread CMS Rate",
insert this column and
heading "CMS Reference
Rate 1") 
[CMS Reference Rate 2] (If
CMS Interest Rate is "Spread
CMS Rate", insert this column
and heading "CMS Reference
Rate 2") 

Specified Swap Rate: 
[the
swap
rate/annual
swap
rate/semi-annual
swap rate/quarterly swap
rate/quarterly-annual
swap
rate/quarterly-
quarterly swap rate] 
[the swap rate/annual swap
rate/semi-annual
swap
rate/quarterly
swap
rate/quarterly-annual
swap
rate/quarterly-quarterly
swap
rate]

Reference Currency: 
[] 
[] 

Designated Maturity: 
[][month[s]/year[s]] 
[][month[s]/year[s]] 

Relevant Screen Page: [] 
[] 

Relevant Time: 
[] 
[] 

Interest Determination
Date(s): 
[Periodic
Rate
Determination
is
applicable. The Interest
Determination
Date(s)
[is/are]: []/[the first day
of
each
Interest
Period]/[the
second
TARGET
Settlement
Day prior to the start of
each
Interest
Period]]/[Daily
Rate
Determination
is
applicable] 
[Periodic Rate Determination
is
applicable.
The
Interest
Determination Date(s) [is/are]:
[]/[the
first
day
of
each
Interest
Period]/[the
second
TARGET
Settlement
Day
prior to
the start of each
Interest Period]]/[Daily Rate
Determination is applicable] 

Fallback
Rate
Determination: 
[Determination
Agent
Fallback: Applicable – to
be
applied
[Determination
Agent
Fallback: Applicable – to be
applied

--- Page 179 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement for Notes 
164 
first/second/third]/[Not
Applicable] 
first/second/third]/[Not
Applicable] 
Fallback
Screen
Page:
Applicable
–
to
be
applied
first/second/third/[Not
Applicable] 
Fallback
Screen
Page:
Applicable – to be applied
first/second/third/[Not
Applicable] 
Mid-Market Quotations:
Applicable
–
to
be
applied
first/second/third]/[Not
Applicable] 
Mid-Market
Quotations:
Applicable – to be applied
first/second/third]/[Not
Applicable] 
[Reference Banks: []] 
[Reference Banks: []] 

Specified Fixed Leg
(for determination of
Mid-Market
Quotations if specified
to be applicable): 
[annual fixed leg/semi-
annual
fixed
leg/quarterly-annual
fixed
leg/quarterly-
quarterly fixed leg] 
[annual fixed leg/semi-annual
fixed
leg/quarterly-annual
fixed
leg/quarterly-quarterly
fixed leg] 

Fixed Leg Day Count
Basis: 
[Actual/Actual
[ICMA)]/[Actual/Actual]
/[Actual/Actual
(ISDA)]/[Actual/365
(Fixed)]/[Actual/365L]/ 
[Actual/360]/[30/360]/ 
[30/360 (ICMA)]/ 
[30/360 (ISDA)]/ 
[360/360]/[Bond
Basis]/[30E/360]/ 
[Eurobond
Basis]/[30E/360
(ISDA)]/[1/1] 
[Actual/Actual
(ICMA)]/[Actual/Actual]/ 
[Actual/Actual
(ISDA)]/[Actual/365
(Fixed)]/[Actual/365L]/ 
[Actual/360]/[30/360]/[30/360
(ICMA)]/[30/360
(ISDA)]/[360/360]/[Bond
Basis]/[30E/360]/[Eurobond
Basis]/[30E/360 (ISDA)]/[1/1]

Floating
Leg
Day
Count Basis: 
[Actual/Actual
(ICMA)]/[Actual/Actual]
/[Actual/Actual
(ISDA)]/[Actual/365
(Fixed)]/[Actual/365L]/ 
[Actual/360]/[30/360]/ 
[30/360 (ICMA)]/ 
[30/360 (ISDA)]/ 
[360/360]/[Bond
Basis]/[30E/360]/[Eurob
ond Basis]/[30E/360
(ISDA)]/[1/1] 
[Actual/Actual
(ICMA)]/[Actual/Actual]/ 
[Actual/Actual
(ISDA)]/[Actual/365
(Fixed)]/[Actual/365L]/ 
[Actual/360]/[30/360]/[30/360
(ICMA)]/[30/360
(ISDA)]/[360/360]/[Bond
Basis]/[30E/360]/[Eurobond
Basis]/[30E/360 (ISDA)]/[1/1]

Floating
Leg
Rate
Option: 
[] 
[] 

Margin [1]: (If CMS
Interest
Rate
is
"Spread CMS Rate",
insert "Margin 1") 
[]/[As specified in the Rate Table below]

--- Page 180 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement for Notes 
165 

Margin 2: 
[]/[As specified in the Rate Table below] (Specify
"Margin 2" if CMS Interest Rate is "Spread CMS Rate",
otherwise delete this paragraph) 

[Interest Participation
Rate
[1]:
(If
CMS
Interest
Rate
is
"Spread CMS Rate",
insert
"Interest
Participation Rate 1")
[]/[As specified in the Rate Table below] 

Interest
Participation
Rate 2: 
[]/[As specified in the Rate Table below] (Specify
"Interest Participation Rate 2" if CMS Interest Rate is
"Spread CMS Rate", otherwise delete this paragraph) 

[Rate Table:] 
Rate Table
Interest 
Payment Date
[Margin 
[1]]
[Margin 
2]
[Interest 
Participatio
n Rate [1]]
[Interest 
Participatio
n Rate 2]
[] 
(repeat as
required)
[] 
(repeat as
required)
[] 
(repeat
as
required
)
[] 
(repeat as
required)
[] 
(repeat as
required)]
l)
Minimum Rate of Interest: [[Not Applicable]/[] per cent. per annum]/[A percentage
rate to be determined by the Determination Agent before
the Issue Date and notified to the Noteholders thereafter
by publication on [] (insert website address), provided
that such percentage rate shall be [not less than [] per
cent.] [and] [not greater than [] per cent.]]
m)
Maximum Rate of Interest: [[Not Applicable]/[] per cent. per annum]/[A percentage
rate to be determined by the Determination Agent before
the Issue Date and notified to the Noteholders thereafter
by publication on [] (insert website address), provided
that such percentage rate shall be [not less than [] per
cent.] [and] [not greater than [] per cent.]]
n)
Linear Interpolation 
(Condition 6.4)
[Applicable in respect of the Interest Period: (repeat
applicable Interest Periods)] 
[Not Applicable] 
o)
Day Count Fraction:
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)]/[Actual/Actual]/[Actual/Actual
(ISDA)]/[Actual/365
(Fixed)]/[Actual/365L]/[Actual/360]/[30/360]/[30/360
(ICMA)]/[30/360 (ISDA)]/[360/360]/[Bond
Basis]/[30E/360]/[Eurobond Basis]/[30E/360
(ISDA)]/[1/1] 
p)
Relevant Rates
Benchmark
Discontinuance or
Prohibition on Use
(Condition 6.17) 
[Applicable][Not Applicable]31 (if not applicable delete
the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph)
31 
Not applicable where the Relevant Rates Benchmark is U.S. dollar LIBOR.

--- Page 181 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement for Notes 
166 
(1) Other
Relevant
Rates
Benchmark: 
(2) Administrator/Benchmark
Event
applicable
for
Condition 6.17(d): 
(3) Alternative Pre-nominated
Reference Rate: 
[specify][Not
Applicable]
(specify
any
applicable
Relevant Rates Benchmark Rate which is not a Reference
Rate. Otherwise delete line) 
[Applicable as per the Conditions] [Not Applicable] 
[specify][Not Applicable] (specify in respect of each
Relevant Rates Benchmark) 
16.
Inflation-Linked Notes
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(Condition 8 (Inflation-Linked
Note Provisions)) 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs
of this paragraph 16) 
Rate of Interest 
[Leveraged
Inflation
Coupon]/[Real
Inflation
Coupon]/[Cumulative Inflation Coupon] 
a)
Inflation Index/Inflation
Indices: 
[] 
b)
Inflation Index
Sponsor(s): 
[] 
c)
Determination Agent
responsible for calculating
Interest Amount: 
[]/[Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc] 
d)
Index Level Adjustment
Correction: 
(Condition 8.6 (Index
Level Adjustment
Correction)) 
[The first publication or announcement of the level of the
Inflation Index (disregarding estimates) by the relevant
Inflation Index Sponsor for any Reference Month shall be
final and conclusive and, subject to Condition 8 (Inflation-
Linked Note Provisions), later revisions to the level of the
Inflation Index for such Reference Month will not be used
in
any
calculations]/[The
first
publication
or
announcement
of
a
level
of
the
Inflation
Index
(disregarding
estimates)
published
by
the
relevant
Inflation Index Sponsor or, if revised, any subsequent
revision of such level for a Reference Month shall be final
and conclusive for such Reference Month, provided that 
such revisions are published or announced up to and
including the day that is two Business Days prior to the
relevant Interest Payment Date]. 
(delete as appropriate)
e)
Related Bond: 
[Specify]/[Fallback
Bond]/[Fallback
Bond:
Not
Applicable] 
f)
Interest Period(s): 
From (and
including) the [Interest Commencement
Date]/[Interest Payment Date] [falling on]/[scheduled to
fall on] [] to (but excluding) the Interest Payment Date
[falling on]/[scheduled to fall on] [] [(such scheduled
Interest Payment Dates not being adjusted for any
Business Day Convention)] 
(repeat as required)
g)
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[Each of the [] day of [month], [month] (repeat as
required) in each calendar year from (and including) []
to (and including) []]/[[] (specify dates) [, each] [,

--- Page 182 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement for Notes 
167 
adjusted in accordance with the Business Day Convention
specified below]/[, not adjusted]] 
h)
Business Day Convention: [Following
Business
Day
Convention]/[Modified
Following Business Day Convention]/[Modified Business
Day Convention]/ 
[Preceding Business Day Convention]/ 
[FRN Convention. The Specified Period is from (and
including)
[]
to
(but
excluding)
[]
(repeat
as
required)]/Floating
Rate
Convention]/[Eurodollar
Convention]/ 
[No Adjustment]/[Unadjusted] 
(delete as appropriate)
i)
Leverage: 
[] per cent. 
j)
Spread: 
[[+/-] [] per cent.]/[Not Applicable] 
k)
CPIInitial: 
[]/[Initial Inflation Index Level]/[Not Applicable] 
[• Determination Month
(Initial): 
[] (specify if Initial Inflation Index Level is applicable)
l)
Determination Month: 
Determination Month Table
Interest Payment 
Date(s)
Determination 
Month (n)
Determination 
Month (m)
[insert date]
(repeat as
required) 
[insert
calendar
month and
year] (repeat
as required) 
[insert calendar
month and year]
(repeat as
required) 
[OR]
[As specified below] (insert sub-paragraphs below if
Determination Month Table not applicable)

Determination Month
(m): 
[In respect of an Interest Period and the [scheduled]
Interest Payment Date on which such Interest Period ends,
[[] calendar month[s] [before]/[after]] the month in
which such [scheduled] Interest Payment Date [falls]/[is
scheduled to fall] 

Determination Month
(n): 
[In respect of each Interest Payment Date and the Interest
Period ending on (but excluding) such Interest Payment
Date, as specified in the column headed "Determination
Month (n)" in paragraph 16(xii) corresponding to such
Interest Payment Date]/ 
[In respect of each Interest Period and the [scheduled]
Interest Payment Date on which such Interest Period ends
(but is not included in such Interest Period), [] [calendar

--- Page 183 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement for Notes 
168 
month][s][before][after]
the
month
in
which
such
[scheduled] Interest Payment Date falls]
m)
Interest Cap: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
n)
Interest Floor: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
o)
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)]/[Actual/Actual]/[Actual/Actual
(ISDA)]/[Actual/365 (Fixed)]/[Actual/365L]/ 
[Actual/360]/[30/360]/[30/360 (ICMA)]/[30/360
(ISDA)]/[360/360]/[Bond Basis]/[30E/360]/[Eurobond
Basis]/[30E/360 (ISDA)]/[1/1] 
17.
Zero Coupon Note Provisions
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Condition 7 (Zero Coupon Note
Provisions)) 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs
of this paragraph)
a)
Accrual Yield: 
[] per cent. per annum 
b)
Reference Price: 
[] 
c)
Accrued Value
Commencement Date: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO EARLY REDEMPTION
18.
Call Option32
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[Optional Redemption Amount (Call) – Fixed applies.] 
[Optional Redemption Amount (Call) – Accrued Value
applies. [The Accrued Value Commencement Date is [
]]] 
(Condition 10.3 (Redemption at the
Option of the Issuer)) 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs
of this paragraph)
a)
Optional Redemption
Date(s) (Call): 
[] 
b)
[Participation Rate
(Call)]/[Accrual Yield and
Reference Price] for
determining the Optional
Redemption Amount
(Call): 
[[[] per cent.]/[100 per cent.]] (insert if Optional
Redemption Amount (Call) – Fixed applies)/[The Accrual
Yield is [] per cent. and the Reference Price is [specify]. 
[The Accrued Value Commencement Date is []].] (insert
if Optional Redemption Amount (Call) – Accrued Value
applies)
c)
Optional Redemption in
Part only: 
[Applicable. Redemption will be effected in accordance
with
Condition
10.4
(Partial
Redemption)]/[Not
Applicable] 
(delete as appropriate)
d)
Maximum Notice Number
of Day(s): 
[] [calendar day[s]]/[Business Day[s]] 
32 
 Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear require a minimum notice period of five business days.

--- Page 184 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement for Notes 
169 
e)
Minimum Notice Number
of Day(s): 
[] [calendar day[s]]/[Business Day[s]]33
19.
a)
Early Redemption 
Amount upon Event of 
Default (Condition 13): 
[Fixed Redemption. The Specified Rate is []/[100] per
cent.]
[Accrued Value. [The Accrued Value Commencement
Date is [].] The Accrual Yield is [] per cent. and the
Reference Price is [specify].] (N.B. Accrued Value should
always be specified for Zero Coupon Notes) 
b)
Early Redemption 
Amount (Tax) upon any 
withholding or 
deduction being 
required with respect to 
the Notes, as described in
Condition 12 (Taxation): 
[Not applicable]/ 
[Early Redemption Amount (Tax) – Par]/ 
[Early Redemption Amount (Tax) – Accrued Value. The
Accrual Yield is [] per cent. and the Reference Price is
[specify]. [The Accrued Value Commencement Date is [
]] (N.B. Accrued Value should always be specified for
Zero Coupon Notes) 
c)
Early redemption 
related to benchmarks in 
the circumstances 
described in Condition
6.17 (Relevant Rates
Benchmark
Discontinuance or
Prohibition on Use):
[Fixed Redemption (Benchmark Trigger Event). [●] per
cent. per Calculation Amount.] / [Fixed Redemption
(Benchmark Trigger Event) Less Costs. [●] per cent. per
Calculation Amount.] / [Fair Market Value (Benchmark
Trigger Event)] / [Not Applicable] 
d)
CMS Reference Rate – 
Effect of Benchmark 
Transition Event and 
Benchmark Amendment 
Event as described in
Condition 6.19 (CMS
Reference Rate – Effect of
Benchmark Transition
Event and Benchmark
Amendment Event)
Administrator/Benchmark
Event:
applicable
for
Condition 6.19(d): [Not Applicable] [Applicable as per
the Conditions] 
[Alternative
Pre-nominated
Reference
Rate:
[None]
[Specify]] 
[[Early Redemption Amount (CMS Reference Rate) –
Fixed Redemption: [●] per Calculation Amount] / [Early
Redemption Amount (CMS Reference Rate) – Fixed
Redemption Less Costs: [●] per Calculation Amount] /
[Early Redemption Amount (CMS Reference Rate) – Fair
Market Value Less Costs: [●] per Calculation Amount] /
[Early Redemption Amount (CMS Reference Rate) – Fair
Market Value: [●] per Calculation Amount] shall apply] /
[Not Applicable] 
Reference Time: [●]/[Not Applicable] 
e)
Early redemption 
related to cessation of 
publication of Inflation 
Index in the
circumstances described
in Condition 8.2(e)
(Cessation of
Publication):
[Fixed Redemption (Inflation Index Cessation). [●] per
cent. per Calculation Amount.] / [Fixed Redemption
(Inflation Index Cessation) Less Costs. [●] per cent. per
Calculation Amount.] / [Fair Market Value (Inflation
Index Cessation)] / [Not Applicable] 
33 
 Clearstream, Luxembourg requires a minimum notice period of five business days.

--- Page 185 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement for Notes 
170 
20.
Inconvertibility Event 
Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(Condition 24 (Inconvertibility
Events)) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of
this paragraph)
a)
Consequences of the
occurrence of an
Inconvertibility Event: 
[Converted
Payment]/[Early
Redemption]/[Suspended
Payment] 
b)
Inconvertibility Early
Redemption Amount: 
[Not Applicable]
[OR]
[Fixed
Redemption.
[]
per
cent.
per
Calculation
Amount.] 
[Early Redemption Amount: 
[Fixed
Redemption.
[]
per
cent.
per
Calculation
Amount.]/[Accrued Value.] The Accrual Yield is [] per
cent. and the Reference Price is [specify]. [The Accrued
Value Commencement Date is [].] (N.B. If Early
Redemption Amount is specified as applicable, Accrued
Value should always be specified for Zero Coupon Notes).
[Fair Market Value] 
c)
Relevant Currenc(y)/(ies): [] 
d)
Relevant Jurisdiction(s): 
[] 
e)
Inconvertibility Specified
Currenc(y)/(ies): 
[] 
f)
Settlement Rate Option: 
[Currency Reference Dealers]/[Not Applicable] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES
21.
Form of Notes: 
(Condition 3 (Form and Title)) 
[Global Note Certificate registered in the name of [a
nominee for] [a common depositary for Euroclear and
Clearstream, Luxembourg]/[a common safekeeper for
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (that is, held
under
the
New
Safekeeping
Structure
(NSS))]34,
exchangeable for Individual Note Certificates in the
limited circumstances described in the Global Note
Certificate] 
[Individual Note Certificates] 
22.
Additional Financial Centre(s) or 
other special provisions relating 
to Payment Dates:
[Not Applicable]/[ [] (Specify Additional Financial
Centre(s))]
34 To be included for Notes in global form which are to be held under the NSS.

--- Page 186 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement for Notes 
171 
(Note that this item relates to the date and place of
payment, and not interest period end dates, to which items
12(v) and 13(vii) relate)35
23.
Record Date: 
[As set out in the Conditions/The Record Date is []
[Business Day/day/clearing system business day] before
the relevant due date for payment/Not Applicable] 
24.
Redenomination, 
renominalisation and 
reconventioning provisions:
[Not
Applicable]/[The
provisions
in
Condition
23
(Redenomination,
Renominalisation
and
Reconventioning) apply] 
25.
Taxation:
Condition 12.1 (Additional
Amounts): 
"Additional Amounts" is [Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
26.
oCNY Centre: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
27.
Rounding (Condition 22 
(Rounding)) 
[Japanese Yen amounts to be rounded [to the nearest
whole JPY (with amounts greater than or equal to JPY 0.5
being rounded] upward to the next higher whole Japanese
Yen amount)]] [Not Applicable] 
DISTRIBUTION
28.
a)
If syndicated, names of
Managers:
[Not Applicable/give names]
b)
Stabilisation Manager(s)
(if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
29.
If non-syndicated, name of Dealer: [Not Applicable/give name] 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
By 
.......................................................................  
Duly authorised
35 This should specify "Not applicable" unless, exceptionally, location of Fiscal Agent is to be included as a business day for the purposes of 
payments whilst Notes are in global form in the clearing systems.

--- Page 187 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement for Notes 
172 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION
1.
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING
Listing and admission to Trading: 
(Insert for Series A Notes:) 
[Application [has been made/is expected to be made] by the
Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading
on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's Euro MTF Market and
to be listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock
Exchange with effect from [].]/[Application [has [also] been
made/is [also] expected to be made] by the Issuer (or on its
behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to listing and/or trading
on [insert name of exchange] with effect from [].] 
[No assurances can be given that such application for listing
and/or admission to trading will be granted (or, if granted,
will be granted by the Issue Date.][The Issuer has no duty to
maintain the listing (if any) of the Notes on the relevant stock
exchange(s) over their entire lifetime.] 
(Insert for Series B Notes:) 
[Not Applicable.] 
[Where documenting a fungible issue, need to indicate that
original Notes are already admitted to trading.]
2.
RATINGS
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued have been rated: 
[S&P: []] 
[Moody's: []] 
[Fitch: []] 
[DBRS: []] 
[[Other]: []] 
Option 1
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity
providing rating] is established in the EEA and registered
under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009, as amended (the
"CRA Regulation"). 
Option 2
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity
providing rating] is not established in the EEA and is not
registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009, as amended
(the "CRA Regulation"). 
Option 3
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity
providing rating] is not established in the EEA and is not

--- Page 188 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement for Notes 
173 
registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009, as amended
(the "CRA Regulation"). The rating it has given to the Notes
is endorsed by [insert legal name of credit rating agency],
which is established in the EEA and registered under CRA
Regulation. 
Option 4
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity
providing rating] is not established in the EEA but is certified
under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009, as amended (the
"CRA Regulation").]36
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated to
Notes of the type being issued under the Program generally
or, where the issue has been specifically rated, that rating.) 
Option 5
[The Notes will not be rated].] 
3.
REASONS FOR THE OFFER, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS AND TOTAL EXPENSES
[Not Applicable]37/ [a) 
Reasons
for the offer: 
[] 
(If reasons for offer different from making profit and/or
hedging certain risks, will need to include those reasons
here.) 
b) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[] 
(It is only necessary to include disclosure of net proceeds
where disclosure is included at (a) above, although either
estimated net proceeds or estimated total expenses at (c)
below should be disclosed.) 
c) 
Estimated total expenses:] 
[][Include breakdown of expenses.] 
(It is only necessary to include disclosure of total expenses
where disclosure is included at (a) above, although either
estimated total expenses or estimated net proceeds at (b)
above should be disclosed.) 
d) 
Fixed Rate Notes only – YIELD
Indication of yield: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
[e) 
Inflation-Linked Notes only – DESCRIPTION OF INFLATION INDEX/PERFORMANCE OF 
INFLATION INDEX AND OTHER INFORMATION CONCERNING THE INFLATION 
INDEX
[Include the name of the Inflation Index and an indication of where to obtain information about the
Inflation Index]
[Need to include details of where past and future performance and volatility of the Inflation Index can
be obtained.]
36 Edit and delete options as appropriate for the relevant rating agency/agencies providing the rating(s). 
37 Specify "Not Applicable" for Notes with a denomination per Note of EUR 100,000 or more and delete rest of the section.

--- Page 189 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement for Notes 
174 
(When completing this paragraph, consideration should be given as to whether such matters described
constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Base
Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation) 
The Issuer [intends to provide post-issuance information [specify what information will be reported
and where it can be obtained]] [does not intend to provide post-issuance information]. 
4.
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION
ISIN Code: 
[] 
Common Code: 
[] 
Any clearing system(s) other than
Euroclear
Bank
SA/NV
and
Clearstream Banking, S.A. and the
relevant identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable]/[give [name(s)] [, addresses of the clearing
system(s)] [, relevant identification number(s)] 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
CFI: 
 
[[●]/Not Applicable] 
FISN: 
[[●]/Not applicable] 
Names and addresses of initial Paying
Agent: 
[] 
Names and addresses of additional
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[] 
Intended to be held in a manner which
would allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes][No]
[Note that the designation "yes" simply means that the Notes
are intended upon issue to be deposited with one of the
ICSDs38 as common safekeeper, and registered in the name
of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common
safekeeper39 and does not necessarily mean that the Notes
will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem
monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the
Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times during
their life. Such recognition will depend upon the ECB being
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met] 
(include this text if "Yes" selected)
[Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the date of this
Pricing
Supplement, should the Eurosystem
eligibility
criteria be amended in the future such that the Notes are
capable of meeting them, the Notes may then be deposited
with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper, and registered
in the name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as
common safekeeper. Note that this does not necessarily mean
that the Notes will then be recognised as eligible collateral for
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations
by the Eurosystem at any time during their life. Such
38 International Central Securities Depositories. 
39 To be included for Notes

--- Page 190 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement for Notes 
175 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being satisfied that
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.] 
(include this text if "No" is selected)
5. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO 
EEA RETAIL INVESTORS] 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
6. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO 
UK RETAIL INVESTORS] 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
7. 
DETAILS OF BENCHMARKS 
ADMINISTRATORS 
AND 
REGISTRATION 
UNDER 
BENCHMARKS REGULATION:
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
[[specify benchmark] is administered by [insert legal name of
administrator], who as at the Issue Date, appears on the
register of administrators and benchmarks established and
maintained
by
the
European
Securities
and
Markets
Authority pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmarks
Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/2011) (the "Benchmarks 
Regulation").]/[[specify benchmark] is administered by
[insert legal name of administrator], who as at the Issue Date,
does not appear on the register of administrators and
benchmarks established and maintained by the European
Securities and Markets Authority pursuant to Article 36 of the
Benchmarks Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011) (the
"Benchmarks Regulation"). [As far as the Issuer is aware
[insert legal name of administrator] is not required to be
registered by virtue of Article 2 of the Benchmarks
Regulation.][As far as the Issuer is aware, the transitional
provisions in Article 51 of the Benchmarks Regulation apply,
such that [insert legal name of administrator] is not currently
required to obtain authorisation or registration (or if located
outside the European Union, recognition, endorsement or
equivalence).]
(repeat as appropriate)
8. 
DETAILS OF BENCHMARKS 
ADMINISTRATORS 
AND 
REGISTRATION 
UNDER 
UK 
BENCHMARKS REGULATION:
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
[[specify benchmark] is administered by [insert legal name of
administrator], who as at the Issue Date, appears on the
register of administrators and benchmarks established and
maintained by the United Kingdom Financial Conduct
Authority pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmarks
Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/2011) as it forms part of
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK Benchmarks 
Regulation").]/[[specify benchmark] is administered by
[insert legal name of administrator], who as at the Issue Date,
does not appear on the register of administrators and
benchmarks established and maintained by the United
Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority pursuant to Article 36
of the Benchmarks Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/2011)
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the
"UK Benchmarks Regulation")]. [As far as the Issuer is
aware [insert legal name of administrator] is not required to
be registered by virtue of Article 2 of the UK Benchmarks
Regulation].][As far as the Issuer is aware, the transitional
provisions in Article 51 of the UK Benchmarks Regulation
apply, such that [insert legal name of administrator] is not
currently required to obtain authorisation or registration (or if

--- Page 191 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement for Notes 
176 
located
outside
the
United
Kingdom,
recognition,
endorsement or equivalence).]
(repeat as appropriate)

--- Page 192 ---
177 
FORMS OF NOTES 
Morgan Stanley will issue Notes in registered form in either individual certificate form or global
certificate form. 
Notes will be issued in the form of either individual Note Certificates in registered form ("Individual 
Note Certificates") or a global Note in registered form (a "Global Note Certificate"), in each case as
specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement. Each Global Note Certificate will either
be: (a) in the case of a Note which is not to be held under the New Safekeeping Structure (defined below),
registered in the name of a common depositary (or its nominee) for the Relevant Clearing System and
the relevant Global Note Certificate will be deposited on or about the issue date with the common
depositary and will be exchangeable in accordance with its terms; or (b) in the case of a Note to be held
under the new safekeeping structure ("New Safekeeping Structure" or "NSS"), registered in the name
of a common safekeeper (or its nominee) for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and the relevant
Global Note Certificate will be deposited on or about the issue date with the common safekeeper for
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and will be exchangeable for Individual Note Certificates in
accordance with its terms. 
Where a Global Note Certificate is intended to be held under the NSS, the applicable Final Terms or
Pricing Supplement will indicate whether or not such Global Note Certificates are intended to be held in
a manner which would allow Eurosystem eligibility. Any indication that the Global Note Certificates are
to be so held does not necessarily mean that the Notes of the relevant Tranche will be recognised as
eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day Credit operations by the Eurosystem
either upon issue or at any time during their life as such recognition depends upon the satisfaction of the
Eurosystem eligibility criteria. The common safekeeper for a Global Note Certificate held under the NSS
will either be Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or another entity approved by Euroclear and
Clearstream, Luxembourg.
If the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement specify the form of Notes as being "Individual Note
Certificates", then the Notes will at all times be in the form of Individual Note Certificates issued to each
Noteholder in respect of their respective holdings. 
If the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement specify the form of Notes as being "Global Note 
Certificate exchangeable for Individual Note Certificates", then the Notes will initially be in the form
of a Global Note Certificate which will be exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Individual Note
Certificates only upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event. 
An "Exchange Event" will occur if: 
(a)
the Relevant Clearing System is closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other
than by reason of legal holidays) or announces an intention permanently to cease business; 
(b)
any of the circumstances described in Condition 13 (Events of Default) occurs; or 
(c)
the Issuer has or will become subject to adverse tax consequences which would not be suffered
if the Notes represented by the Global Note Certificate were represented by Individual Note
Certificates. 
Whenever a Global Note Certificate is to be exchanged for Individual Note Certificates, the Issuer shall
procure that Individual Note Certificates will be issued in an aggregate principal amount equal to the
principal amount of the Global Note Certificate within five business days of the delivery, by or on behalf
of the registered holder of the Global Note Certificate to the Registrar of such information as is required
to complete and deliver such Individual Note Certificates (including, without limitation, the names and
addresses of the persons in whose names the Individual Note Certificates are to be registered and the
principal amount of each such person's holding) against the surrender of the Global Note Certificate at
the specified office of the Registrar. 
Such exchange will be effected in accordance with the provisions of the Issue and Paying Agency
Agreement and the regulations concerning the transfer and registration of Notes scheduled thereto and,
in particular, shall be effected without charge to any holder, but against such indemnity as the Registrar
may require in respect of any tax or other duty of whatsoever nature which may be levied or imposed in
connection with such exchange.

--- Page 193 ---
Forms of Notes
178 
Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Individual Note Certificate will be endorsed on that Individual
Note Certificate and will consist of the terms and conditions set out under "Terms and Conditions of the
Notes" above and the provisions of the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement which complete
those terms and conditions. The terms and conditions applicable to any Global Note Certificate that
represents a Note will differ from those terms and conditions which would apply to the Note were it in
individual form to the extent described under "Summary of Provisions Relating to the Notes while in
Global Form" below.

--- Page 194 ---
179 
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM 
Conditions Applicable to Global Note Certificates 
Each Global Note Certificate will contain provisions which modify the terms and conditions set out in
"Terms and Conditions of the Notes" above as they apply to the Global Note Certificate. The following
is a summary of certain of those provisions: 
Clearing System Accountholders 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a Global Note Certificate and such Global Note
Certificate is held on behalf of the Relevant Clearing System, each person (other than the Relevant
Clearing System) who is for the time being shown in the records of the Relevant Clearing System as the
holder of a particular principal amount of Notes (each an "Accountholder") (in which regard any
certificate or other document issued by the Relevant Clearing System as to the principal amount of such
Notes standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes) shall be
treated as the holder of that principal amount for all purposes (including, but not limited, to for the
purposes of any quorum requirements of, or the right to demand a poll or, meetings of the Noteholders
and giving notice to the Issuer pursuant to Condition 13 (Events of Default)) other than with respect to
the payment of principal and interest on the Notes, the right to which shall be vested, as against the Issuer,
solely in the registered holder of the Global Note Certificate in accordance with and subject to its terms,
and the expressions "Holder", "holder" and "Noteholder" and related expressions shall be construed
accordingly. Each Accountholder must look solely to the Relevant Clearing System for its share of each
payment made to the registered holder of the Global Note Certificate. 
Exchange of Global Note Certificates 
Whenever a Global Note Certificate is to be exchanged for Individual Note Certificates, the Issuer shall
procure that Individual Note Certificates will be issued in an aggregate principal amount equal to the
principal amount of the Global Note Certificate within five business days of the delivery, by or on behalf
of the registered holder of the Global Note Certificate to the Registrar of such information as is required
to complete and deliver such Individual Note Certificates (including, without limitation, the names and
addresses of the persons in whose names the Individual Note Certificates are to be registered and the
principal amount of each such person's holding) against the surrender of the Global Note Certificate at
the specified office of the Registrar. Such exchange will be effected in accordance with the provisions of
the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement and the regulations concerning the transfer and registration of
Notes scheduled thereto and, in particular, shall be effected without charge to any holder, but against
such indemnity as the Registrar may require in respect of any tax or other duty of whatsoever nature
which may be levied or imposed in connection with such exchange. 
The Issuer irrevocably agrees that in the event that (i) a Global Note Certificate (or any part of it) has
become due and repayable in accordance with the Conditions or the Maturity Date has occurred and, in
either case, payment in full of the amount due has not been made to the holder in accordance with the
provisions of the Global Note Certificate on such date or (ii) following an Exchange Event, the Global
Note Certificate is not duly exchanged for Individual Note Certificates by the date provided above, each
Accountholder or its successors or assigns may, provided any required certifications have been made,
without the consent and to the exclusion of the holder of the Global Note Certificate, file any claim, take
any action or institute any proceeding to enforce, directly against the Issuer, the obligation of the Issuer
under the Global Note Certificate to pay any amount due in respect of each Note represented by the
Global Note Certificate which is credited to such Accountholder's securities account with the Relevant
Clearing System as fully as though such Note were evidenced by an Individual Note Certificate without
the production of the Global Note Certificate; provided that the holder of the Global Note Certificate
shall not theretofore have filed a claim, taken action or instituted proceedings to enforce the same in
respect of such Note. 
Transfers 
Transfers of beneficial interests in a Global Note Certificate will be effected by Euroclear or Clearstream,
Luxembourg, as the case may be, and, in turn, by other participants and, if appropriate, indirect
participants in such clearing systems acting on behalf of transferors and transferees of such interests. A
beneficial interest in a Global Note Certificate will, subject to compliance with all applicable legal and
regulatory restrictions, be transferable for Notes in definitive form or for a beneficial interest in another
Global Note Certificate of the same series only in the authorised denominations set out in the applicable
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement and only in accordance with the rules and operating procedures for

--- Page 195 ---
Summary of Provisions Relating to the Notes while in Global Form 
180 
the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, and in accordance with the
terms and conditions specified in the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement.
Record Date 
For so long as the Notes are evidenced by a Global Note Certificate, the Record Date for the purposes of
Condition 11.7 (Record Date) shall be the day before the due date for the relevant payment. 
Interest Calculation: For so long as the Notes are evidenced by a Global Note Certificate, interest
payable to the registered holder will be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to the aggregate
outstanding principal amount of the Notes evidenced by the Global Note Certificate and multiplying the
sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of
the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in
accordance with applicable market convention. 
Partial Exercise of Call Option: In connection with an exercise of the option contained in Condition
10.3 (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes in relation to
some but not all of the Notes, the Global Note Certificate may be redeemed in part in the principal amount
specified by the Issuer in accordance with the Conditions and the Notes to be redeemed will not be
selected as provided in the Conditions but in accordance with the rules and procedures of Euroclear
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream,
Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in principal amount, at their discretion).40
Notices: Notwithstanding Condition 19 (Notices) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, while all the
Notes are represented by a Global Note Certificate and the Global Note Certificate is registered in the
name of a common depositary (or its nominee) for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or
any other relevant clearing system or a common safekeeper (or its nominee), notices to Noteholders may
be given by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any
other relevant clearing system and, in any case, such notices shall be deemed to have been given to the
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, on the
date of delivery to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system,
except that, for so long as the Notes are listed on any stock exchange or are admitted to trading by another
relevant authority, any notice to Noteholders shall be published in accordance with the rules and
regulations of each such stock exchange or other relevant authority. 
Payment Business Day: Notwithstanding Condition 2 (Interpretation), the definition of 'Payment
Business Day' in relation to any Global Note Certificate shall be as follows:
"Payment Business Day" means: 
(i)
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in: 
(A)
each Additional Financial Centre (other than the TARGET System) specified
in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement; 
(B)
if the TARGET System is specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing
Supplement, a day on which the TARGET System is open; and 
(ii)
either (A) in relation to any sum payable in a currency other than euro, a day on which
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general
business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits in the Principal
Financial Centre of the country of the relevant currency and (B) in relation to any sum payable
in euro, a day on which the TARGET System is open. 
40 Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear require a minimum notice period of five business days.

--- Page 196 ---
Benefit Plan Investors 
181 
BENEFIT PLAN INVESTORS 
The Notes may not be acquired or held by, or acquired with the assets of, any employee benefit plan
subject to Title I of the United States Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended
("ERISA"), or any individual retirement account or plan subject to Section 4975 of the Code or any
entity whose underlying assets include "plan assets" within the meaning of Section 3(42) of ERISA by
reason of any such employee benefit plan, account or plan's investment therein. 
The Global Note Certificates and the Individual Note Certificates will bear a legend to the following
effect: 
THE INVESTOR SHALL BE DEEMED TO REPRESENT BY ITS ACQUISITION AND HOLDING
OF AN INTEREST HEREIN THAT IT IS NOT ACQUIRING THE SECURITIES WITH THE ASSETS
OF ANY EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN SUBJECT TO TITLE I OF THE UNITED STATES
EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT INCOME SECURITY ACT OF 1974, AS AMENDED ("ERISA"), ANY
INDIVIDUAL RETIREMENT ACCOUNT OR PLAN SUBJECT TO SECTION 4975 OF THE
UNITED STATES INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED, OR ANY ENTITY
WHOSE UNDERLYING ASSETS INCLUDE "PLAN ASSETS" WITHIN THE MEANING OF
SECTION 3(42) OF ERISA BY REASON OF ANY SUCH EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN, ACCOUNT
OR PLAN'S INVESTMENT THEREIN.

--- Page 197 ---
United States Federal Taxation 
182 
TAXATION 
Any tax legislation applicable in the investor's jurisdiction or the Issuer's country of incorporation 
may have an impact on the income received from the Notes. 
UNITED STATES FEDERAL TAXATION 
This discussion is limited to the U.S. federal tax considerations addressed below. Additional 
considerations may exist that are not addressed in this discussion and that could affect the U.S. 
federal tax treatment of the transaction or the holders. Investors should seek their own advice 
based upon their particular circumstances from an independent tax adviser. 
The following are certain of the U.S. federal income and estate tax consequences of ownership and
disposition of the Notes by Non-U.S. Holders (as defined below). This summary is based on the U.S.
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"), administrative pronouncements, judicial
decisions and final, temporary and proposed Treasury regulations, all as of the date hereof, changes to
any of which subsequent to the date of this Base Prospectus may affect the tax consequences described
herein. This summary does not discuss all of the tax consequences that may be relevant to holders in light
of their particular circumstances or to holders subject to special rules under U.S. federal tax laws, such
as: 

persons other than Non-U.S. Holders and persons that have or have had a connection to the
United States other than holding the Notes; 

non-resident alien individuals who have lost their U.S. citizenship, who have ceased to be
treated as resident aliens; or 

corporations that are treated as personal holding companies, controlled foreign corporations or
passive foreign investment companies. 
Further, this discussion does not address U.S. gift, state, local, non-U.S. and other tax considerations. 
As used herein, the term "Non-U.S. Holder" means a beneficial owner of a Note that is not a U.S.
Holder (as defined below) and is not an entity or arrangement treated as a partnership for U.S. federal
income tax purposes. A Non-U.S. Holder does not include a holder who is an individual present in the
United States for 183 days or more in the taxable year of a disposition of a Note and who is not otherwise
a resident of the United States for U.S. federal income tax purposes or, except as described below, any
holder who holds a Note in connection with the conduct of a trade or business in the United States
engaged in by such holder. Such a person is urged to consult his or her own tax advisers regarding the
U.S. federal income tax consequences of acquiring, owning, exchanging or disposing of a Note. 
If an entity or arrangement treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes holds a Note,
the tax treatment of a partner generally will depend upon the status of the partner and the activities of the
partnership. Partners of entities or arrangements treated as partnerships for U.S. federal income tax
purposes holding Notes should consult their tax advisers regarding the U.S. federal income tax
consequences of acquiring, owning, exchanging or disposing of a Note. 
As used herein, the term "U.S. Holder" means a beneficial owner of a Note that is: 

a citizen or individual resident of the United States; 

a corporation, including any entity treated as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes,
created or organized in or under the laws of the United States, any state thereof or the District
of Columbia; or 

an estate or trust, the income of which is subject to U.S. federal income tax without regard to its
source. 
Income Tax 
Except as otherwise discussed in "Effectively Connected Income", "FATCA" and "
Backup Withholding and Information Reporting" below, a Non-U.S. Holder generally will not be subject
to U.S. federal income tax, including withholding tax, on payments of principal or interest (including
original issue discount, if any) on a Note, or on proceeds from the sale, exchange or other disposition of
a Note, provided that for U.S. federal income tax purposes:

--- Page 198 ---
United States Federal Taxation 
183 

the Note is treated as indebtedness of the Issuer; 

the Non-U.S. Holder does not own (directly or by attribution) 10 per cent. or more of the total
combined voting power of all classes of stock of the Issuer entitled to vote; 

the Non-U.S. Holder is not a controlled foreign corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes
related to the Issuer through stock ownership; 

the Non-U.S. Holder is not a bank holding the Note in the context of an extension of credit made
pursuant to a loan agreement entered into in the ordinary course of its trade or business; and 

the Non-U.S. Holder (and any intermediary) have complied with all U.S. tax identification and
certification requirements. 
Certification Requirement. The certification requirements referred to in the preceding paragraphs will be
fulfilled if the Non-U.S. Holder (and any intermediary) furnishes the U.S. Internal Revenue Service
("IRS") Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E (or with respect to certain intermediaries and beneficial owners,
other appropriate forms), on which, among other things, the Non-U.S. Holder certifies under penalties of
perjury that it is not a United States person, as defined in the Code.
Payments of interest (including original issue discount, if any) on the Notes that do not qualify for the
exception to U.S. federal income and withholding tax discussed above and that are not effectively
connected with a Non-U.S. Holder's conduct of a trade or business in the United States generally will be
subject to 30 per cent. U.S. federal withholding tax, unless a U.S. income tax treaty applies to reduce or
eliminate withholding and the Non-U.S. Holder complies with applicable certification requirements. 
Effectively Connected Income 
If interest on or gain from a Note is effectively connected with a Non-U.S. Holder's conduct of a U.S.
trade or business (and, if required by an applicable income tax treaty, is attributable to a U.S. permanent
establishment or fixed base), the Non-U.S. Holder will generally be taxed on income or gain from the
Notes in the same manner as a U.S. taxpayer and will be subject to certain reporting obligations. Such
Non-U.S. Holder will be required to provide a properly executed IRS Form W-8ECI in order to claim an
exemption from withholding tax on interest. A Non-U.S. Holder that holds Notes in connection with a
U.S. trade or business should consult its tax adviser with respect to the U.S. tax consequences of owning
and disposing of Notes, including the possible imposition of a branch profits tax at a rate of 30% (or a
lower treaty rate) in the case of a corporate Non-U.S. Holder. 
Estate Tax 
Subject to benefits provided by an applicable estate tax treaty, a Note that is treated as indebtedness for
U.S. federal income tax purposes will generally be excluded from the gross estate of an individual Non-
U.S. Holder for U.S. federal estate tax purposes upon the individual's death unless, at such time, interest
payments on the Note would have been: 

subject to U.S. federal withholding tax without regard to any certification that such Non-U.S.
Holder is not a United States person, as defined in the Code, not taking into account an
elimination of such U.S. federal withholding tax due to the application of an income tax treaty;
or 

effectively connected with the conduct by the Non-U.S. Holder of a trade or business in the
United States. 
FATCA 
Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code (including U.S. Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder,
an agreement entered into with the IRS pursuant to such sections of the Code or an intergovernmental
agreement (an "IGA") between the United States and another jurisdiction in furtherance of such sections
of the Code (including any non-U.S. laws and regulations implementing such an IGA)) (collectively
referred to as "FATCA") impose an information reporting regime and potentially a 30 per cent.
withholding tax with respect to certain payments to (i) any non-U.S. financial institution (a "foreign
financial institution" or "FFI" (as defined by FATCA)) that does not become a "Participating FFI" by
entering into an agreement with the IRS to provide the IRS with certain information in respect of its
account holders and investors, unless otherwise exempt from or deemed to be in compliance with
FATCA or, where applicable, the FFI complies with any local laws enacted in respect of an IGA and (ii)
any investor that (unless otherwise exempted) does not provide certain tax certifications or ownership

--- Page 199 ---
United States Federal Taxation 
184 
information (or, if applicable, a waiver of any laws prohibiting disclosure of such information to a taxing
authority). The Issuer and most financial intermediaries will be subject to the requirements imposed
under FATCA. 
Withholding (if applicable) currently applies to payments of interest or other fixed or determinable
annual or periodical income ("FDAP income") from sources within the United States. The FATCA
legislation imposes withholding also on payments of gross proceeds of the disposition of financial
instruments that provide for U.S.-source interest. However, under proposed regulations (the preamble to
which specifies that taxpayers are permitted to rely on them pending finalization) no withholding will
apply to payments of gross proceeds (other than amounts treated as FDAP income). 
The United States and a number of jurisdictions have entered into IGAs to facilitate the implementation
of FATCA. Payee financial institutions that are resident in a country that has entered into an IGA
generally are required to comply with such country's FATCA implementing laws, which may not require
that the financial institution enter into an agreement with the IRS. In such case, such country's FATCA
implementing laws generally require the financial institution to collect and report certain information on
its account holders to the relevant taxing authority of such country, which will send such information to
the IRS. 
In the event that the Issuer or an intermediary is required to deduct a withholding tax under 
FATCA, neither the Issuer, nor any intermediary will be required to pay any additional amounts 
with respect to the amounts so withheld. Each potential purchaser of Notes should consult its own 
tax adviser to determine how FATCA may affect such investor in its particular circumstance. 
Backup Withholding and Information Reporting 
Information returns will be filed with the IRS in connection with payments on the Notes and may be filed
in connection with the proceeds from a sale, exchange or other disposition of the Notes. A Non-U.S.
Holder may be subject to backup withholding in respect of amounts paid to the Non-U.S. Holder, unless
such Non-U.S. Holder complies with applicable certification procedures to establish that it is not a United
States person for U.S. federal income tax purposes or otherwise establishes an exemption from backup
withholding. Compliance with the certification procedures described under "Income Tax – Certification
Requirement" above will satisfy the certification requirements necessary to avoid backup withholding.
Backup withholding is not an additional tax. The amount of any backup withholding from a payment to
a Non-U.S. Holder will be allowed as a credit against the Non-U.S. Holder's U.S. federal income tax
liability and may entitle the Non-U.S. Holder to a refund, provided that the required information is timely
furnished to the IRS.

--- Page 200 ---
Italian Taxation 
185 
ITALIAN TAXATION 
The following is a general description of current Italian law and practise mainly relating to the direct 
taxation of the Notes. The statements herein are based on the laws in force in Italy as at the date of 
this Base Prospectus and are subject to any changes in law occurring after such date, which changes 
could be made on a retroactive basis. The following general description does not purport to be a 
comprehensive description of all the tax Italian considerations which may be relevant to a decision to 
subscribe for, purchase, own or dispose of the Notes and does not purport to deal with the tax 
consequences applicable to all categories of investors, some of which (such as dealers in securities) 
may be subject to special rules. This general description assumes that the Issuer is not a tax resident 
nor deemed to be a tax resident of Italy and that it has no permanent establishment within the Italian 
territory to which the Notes are effectively connected.
Prospective investors are advised to consult their own tax advisers concerning the overall tax 
consequences of their interest in the Notes.
Tax treatment of the Notes
As clarified by the Italian tax authorities, the Notes may be subject to different tax regimes depending
on whether: 
(a)
they represent derivative financial instruments or bundles of derivative financial instruments
not entailing a "use of capital" (impiego di capitale), through which the Noteholders invests
indirectly in underlying financial instruments (please see section 1 below); or 
(b)
they represent a debt instrument implying a "use of capital" (impiego di capitale), through
which the Noteholders transfer to the Issuer a certain amount of capital, for the economic
exploitation of the same, subject to the right to obtain a (partial or entire) reimbursement of such
amount at maturity. In particular, such Notes representing debt instruments implying a "use of
capital" could be divided in: Notes having capital protection guaranteed by the Issuer (please
see section 2 below) and Notes not having capital protection guaranteed by the Issuer, so called
"atypical securities" (please see section 3 below). 
1. Notes representing derivative financial instruments or bundles of derivative financial instruments 
With regard to certain innovative or structured financial instruments, there is limited guidance as to the
tax treatment of such financial instruments. Accordingly, it cannot be excluded that the Italian
tax authorities will change their current view, as specified below, and courts will adopt a view
different from that outlined below.
1.1 Italian resident Noteholders  
If the Notes qualify as derivative instruments for the purposes of Italian tax law, the following
consequences apply to an Italian resident Noteholder pursuant to Article 67(1)(c-quater) and/or (c-
quinquies) of Italian Presidential Decree No. 917 of 22 December 1986, as subsequently amended
("Decree No. 917"), and according to, inter alia, the Italian tax authority's Resolution no. 72/E of 12
July 2010.
In particular, according to Italian Legislative Decree No. 461 of 21 November 1997 ("Decree No. 461"),
where an Italian resident Noteholder is: (i) an individual not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to
which the Notes are connected; (ii) a non-commercial partnership; (iii) a non-commercial private or
public institution or (iv) an investor exempt from Italian corporate income taxation, derivative income
realised on the sale or redemption of the Notes are subject to a 26 per cent. substitute tax ("imposta 
sostitutiva").
In this respect, the above Italian resident Noteholders may opt for three different taxation regimes (regime
della dichiarazione, regime del risparmio amministrato, regime del risparmio gestito, in this respect
please see par. 2.2 "Capital gains" below). This option may result in certain impacts that the investors
should consider with their tax advisers. In particular, provided that the relevant conditions are met, the
depository is responsible for accounting for imposta sostitutiva and is required to pay the relevant amount
to the Italian tax authorities on behalf of the taxpayer, deducting a corresponding amount from the
proceeds to be credited to the Noteholder or using funds provided by the Noteholder for this purpose.
Under certain conditions, capital losses may be deducted from the above-mentioned capital gains. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident
individuals holding the Notes not in connection with an entrepreneurial activity may be exempt from

--- Page 201 ---
Italian Taxation 
186 
Italian capital gains relating to the Notes if the Notes are included in a long-term savings account (piano
di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements set forth in Article 1(100-114) of Law No. 232
of 11 December 2016 (the "Finance Act 2017"), as subsequently amended and supplemented. in Article
1 (210-215) of Law No. 145 of 30 December 2018 (the "Finance Act 2019"), as subsequently amended
and supplemented and in Article 13-bis of Law Decree No. 124 of 26 October 2019 , converted into Law
No. 157 of 19 December 2019, as subsequently amended and supplemented (the "Fiscal Decree linked 
to the Finance Act 2020"). 
The imposta sostitutiva does not apply also to the following Italian resident taxpayers:
(A) Corporate Investors
Where an Italian resident Noteholder is a company or similar commercial entity, or the Italian permanent
establishment of a foreign commercial entity to which the Notes are effectively connected, capital gains
arising from the Notes will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva, but must be included in the relevant
Noteholder's income tax return and are therefore subject to Italian corporate tax ("IRES", currently
applicable at a rate of 24 per cent. with a 3,5 per cent. surcharge for banks and financial intermediaries)
and, in certain cases, depending on the status of such holder, may also have to be included in its taxable
base for regional tax purposes ("IRAP", currently applicable at the general rate of 3.9 per cent., though
a surcharge up to 0.92 per cent. may be applicable from region to region). The IRAP rate may be
increased in certain Italian regions; IRAP rate has also been increased by article 23(5) of Italian Law
Decree no. 98 of 6 July 2011 to 4.65 per cent. for banks and other financial institutions and to 5.9 per
cent. for the insurance companies as indicated, respectively, under article 6 and article 7 of Italian
Legislative Decree no. 446 of 15 December 1997). 
(B) Investment funds 
Capital gains realised by a Noteholder which is an Italian open-ended or closed-ended investment fund
(subject to the tax regime provided by Law No. 77 of 23 March 1983) (the "Investment Fund") or an
Italian open-ended investment company (società di investimento a capitale variabile – "SICAV") or an
Italian closed-ended investment company, other than a real estate investment company (società di
investimento a capitale fisso – "SICAF") will neither be subject to imposta sostitutiva nor to any other
income in the hands of the Investment Fund or the SICAV/SICAF. The proceeds distributed by the
Investment Fund or the SICAV/SICAF or received by certain categories of unitholders upon redemption
or disposal of the units will be taxed in the hands of the investors who subscribe the quotas of the
Investment Funds or the shares of the SICAV/SICAF on a cash basis. 
(C) Real estate investment funds and real estate SICAFs
Capital gains realised by an investor which is an Italian resident real estate investment fund established
pursuant to Article 37 of Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as amended and supplemented,
and Article 14-bis of Law No. 86 of 25 January 1994 ("Real Estate Fund") or an Italian real estate
investment company (the "Real Estate SICAF") are subject neither to imposta sostitutiva nor to any
other income in the hands of the same Real Estate Fund or Real Estate SICAF. The income of the Real
Estate Fund or of the Real Estate SICAF may be subject to tax, in the hands of the unitholder/shareholder,
depending on the status and percentage of participation. 
(D) Pension funds 
Capital gains realised by an Italian resident holder which is an Italian pension fund (subject to the regime
provided by Article 17 of the Legislative Decree No. 252 of 5 December 2005 ("Decree No. 252") -
"Pension Funds") will be included in the result of the relevant portfolio accrued at the end of the tax
period, to be subject to a 20 per cent. ad hoc annual substitute tax ("Pension Fund Tax").
Subject to certain conditions (including minimum holding period requirement) and limitations, capital
gains may be excluded from the taxable base of the Pension Fund Tax, pursuant to Article 1, paragraph
92, of the Finance Act 2017, if the Notes are included in a long-term savings account (piano individuale
di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements set forth in Article 1 (100-114) of Finance Act
2017, as subsequently amended and supplemented, in Article 1 (210-215) of the Finance Act 2019 and
in Article 13-bis of the Fiscal Decree linked to the Finance Act 2020, as subsequently amended and
supplemented.

--- Page 202 ---
Italian Taxation 
187 
2. Notes representing debt instruments implying a "use of capital"; Notes having capital protection 
guaranteed by the Issuer
2.1 Taxation of interest
Italian resident Noteholders
Legislative Decree No. 239 of 1 April 1996 ("Decree No. 239") governs the tax treatment of interest,
premiums and other income (including the difference between the redemption amount and the issue
price) (hereinafter collectively referred to as "Interest") from Notes issued, inter alia, by non-Italian
resident entities. The provisions of Decree No. 239 only apply to those Notes which qualify as
obbligazioni or titoli similari alle obbligazioni pursuant to Article 44 paragraph 2, letter (c) of Decree
No. 917. 
Pursuant to Article 44, paragraph 2, letter (c) of Decree No. 917, Notes qualify as "bonds" or "debentures
similar to bonds" for Italian tax purposes if they incorporate an unconditional obligation to pay, at
maturity, an amount not less than the value indicated therein and do not give any right to directly or
indirectly participate in the management of the relevant issuer or of the business in relation to which they
are issued. The Italian tax authorities have clarified (please see Circular Letter No. 4/E of 18 January
2006) that bonds may have a maturity which is not scheduled at a specific date, but it is linked to the
maturity of the issuing company or to the liquidation thereof, if the company has been set-up with an
undetermined maturity pursuant to Article 2328 (2), No. 13, of the Italian Civil Code. 
Interest on the Notes is subject to a 26 per cent. substitute tax (imposta sostitutiva) if the recipient is
included among the following categories of Italian residents: (i) individuals not engaged in an
entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes are effectively connected; (ii) non-commercial partnerships;
(iii) non-commercial private or public institutions; or (iv) entities that are exempt from IRES. The
imposta sostitutiva may not be recovered as a deduction from the income tax due. In the event that the
Noteholders described under (i) and (iii) above are engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the
Notes are connected, the imposta sostitutiva applies as a provisional tax and it may be credited against
the overall corporate income tax due by the taxpayer in respect of the income derived from its business
activity which will include the Interest. 
The 26 per cent. imposta sostitutiva does not apply where the Notes are held in a discretionary investment
portfolio managed by an Italian authorised financial intermediary and the beneficial owner thereof, where
possible, has opted to be taxed at a flat rate of 26 per cent. on the year-end increase in value of the
investment portfolio accrued, even if not realised (which increase in value includes any Interest accrued
on the Notes), pursuant to the so-called portfolio management tax regime ("regime del risparmio 
gestito" - as defined and described below) provided for by Decree No. 461. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident
individuals holding the Notes not in connection with an entrepreneurial activity or social security entities
pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February
1996 may be exempt from any income tax, including the imposta sostitutiva, on Interest relating to the
Notes if the Notes are included in a long-term individual savings plan (piano individuale di risparmio a
lungo termine) that meets the requirements set forth in Article 1 (100-114) of the Finance Act 2017, as
subsequently amended and supplemented, in Article 1 (210-215) of the Finance Act 2019, as
subsequently amended and supplemented and in Article 13-bis of the Fiscal Decree linked to the Finance
Act 2020, as subsequently amended and supplemented. 
Pursuant to Decree No. 239, the 26 per cent. imposta sostitutiva is applied by banks, SIMs, fiduciary
companies, società di gestione del risparmio ("SGRs") stock brokers and other qualified entities
identified by a decree of the Ministry of Finance ("Intermediaries" and each an "Intermediary")
resident in Italy, or by permanent establishments in Italy of a non-Italian resident Intermediary, that
intervene, in any way, in the collection of Interest or, also as transferees, in transfers or disposals of the
Notes. For the purpose of the application of the imposta sostitutiva, a transfer of notes includes any
assignment or other act, either with or without consideration, which results in a change of the ownership
of the relevant securities or in a change of the Intermediary with which the notes are deposited. 
Where the Notes are not deposited with an authorised Italian Intermediary (or with a permanent
establishment in Italy of a foreign Intermediary), the imposta sostitutiva is applied and withheld by any
Italian Intermediary paying Interest to the Noteholders. 
The imposta sostitutiva does not apply also to the following Italian resident persons, to the extent that
the Notes are deposited in a timely manner, directly or indirectly, with an Intermediary:

--- Page 203 ---
Italian Taxation 
188 
(A) Corporate Investors
Interest on the Notes received by (i) an Italian resident company or similar commercial entity; and (ii) an
Italian permanent establishment of foreign entities to which the Notes are effectively connected; will not
be subject to the imposta sostitutiva, but will be included in the taxable base for the purposes of IRES
and – under certain circumstances – of IRAP, as described in section 1 above. 
(B) Real estate investment funds and real estate SICAFs 
Where a Noteholder is an Italian resident Real Estate Fund or an Italian Real Estate SICAF, to which the
provisions of Law Decree No. 351 of 25 September, 2001, Law Decree No. 78 of 31 May 2010, converted
into Law No. 122 of 30 July 2010, and Legislative Decree No. 44 of 4 March 2014, all as amended, apply
Interest accrued on the Notes are subject neither to the imposta sostitutiva nor to any other income tax in
the hands of the Real Estate Fund or Real Estate SICAF. The income of the Real Estate Fund or of the
Real Estate SICAF may be subject to tax, in the hands of the unitholder/shareholder, depending on the
status and percentage of participation. 
(C) Investment funds 
Interest accrued on the Notes held by Italian Investment Funds, SICAVs, SICAFs is not subject to such
imposta sostitutiva nor to any other income tax of the Investment Funds, or SICAVs/SICAFs, but is
included in the aggregate income of the Investment Funds or SICAVs/SICAFs. The proceeds distributed
by the Investment Fund or the SICAV/SICAF or received by certain categories of unitholders upon
redemption or disposal of the units will be taxed in the hands of the investors who subscribe the quotas
of the Investment Funds or the shares of the SICAV/SICAF on a cash basis. 
(D) Pension funds 
Interest accrued on the Notes held by Italian pension funds subject to the regime provided for by Article
17 of Decree No. 252 is not subject to such imposta sostitutiva but will be included in the result of the
relevant portfolio accrued at the end of the tax period, to be subject to the Pension Fund Tax. Subject to
certain conditions (including a minimum holding period) and limitations, pursuant to Article 1, paragraph
92, of the Finance Act 2017, Interest accrued on the Notes may be excluded from the taxable base of the
Pension Fund Tax if the Notes are included in a long-term individual savings plan (piano individuale di
risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements set forth under Article 1 (100-114) of the Finance
Act 2017, in Article 1 (210-215) of the Finance Act 2019 and in Article 13-bis of the Fiscal Decree linked
to the Finance Act 2020, as subsequently amended. 
2.2 Taxation of Capital Gains 
Italian resident Noteholders 
A 26 per cent., imposta sostitutiva is applicable on capital gains realised on the disposal of the Notes by
the Noteholders included among the following categories of Italian residents: (i) individuals not engaged
in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes are effectively connected; (ii) non-commercial
partnerships; and (iii) non-commercial private or public institutions. 
In respect of the application of the imposta sostitutiva, such taxpayers may opt for one of the three
regimes described below. 
(a)
Under the "regime della dichiarazione" provided for by Article 5 of Decree No. 461 (the "Tax 
Declaration Regime"), which is the standard regime for Italian resident individuals not
engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes are effectively connected, the 26 per
cent. imposta sostitutiva will be chargeable, on a cumulative basis, on all capital gains, net of
any incurred capital loss, realised by the Italian resident individual holding the Notes not in
connection with an entrepreneurial activity pursuant to all disposals of the Notes carried out
during any given tax year. Italian resident individuals holding the Notes not in connection with
an entrepreneurial activity must indicate the overall capital gains realised in any tax year, net of
any relevant incurred capital loss in the annual tax return and the imposta sostitutiva must be
paid on such gains together with any balance income tax due for such year. Capital losses in
excess of capital gains may be carried forward against capital gains realised in any of the four
succeeding tax years;

--- Page 204 ---
Italian Taxation 
189 
(b) 
as an alternative to the tax declaration regime, Noteholders listed above may elect to pay under
the "risparmio amministrato" regime provided for by Art. 6 of Decree No. 461 (the
"Administrative Savings Regime") the imposta sostitutiva separately on capital gains realised
on each sale or redemption of the Notes. Such separate taxation of capital gains is allowed
subject to (i) the Notes being deposited with Italian banks, "società di intermediazione
mobiliare" ("SIMs") or certain authorised financial intermediaries and (ii) an express election
for the Administrative Savings Regime being timely made in writing by the relevant Noteholder.
The depository is responsible for accounting for imposta sostitutiva in respect of capital gains
realised on each sale or redemption of the Notes (as well as in respect of capital gains realised
upon the revocation of its mandate), net of any incurred capital loss, and is required to pay the
relevant amount to the Italian tax authorities on behalf of the taxpayer, deducting a
corresponding amount from the proceeds to be credited to the Noteholders or using funds
provided by the Noteholders for this purpose. Under the Administrative Savings Regime, where
a sale or redemption of the Notes results in a capital loss, such loss may be deducted from capital
gains subsequently realised, within the same securities management, in the same tax year or in
the following tax years up to the fourth. Under the risparmio amministrato regime, the
Noteholder is not required to declare the capital gains in the annual tax return; 
(c) 
any payments received and any capital gains accrued by the Noteholders listed above who have
entrusted the management of their financial assets, including the Notes, to an authorised
intermediary and have opted for the so-called "risparmio gestito" regime provided for by Art.
7 of Decree No. 461 (the "Asset Management Regime") will be included in the computation
of the annual increase in value of the managed assets accrued, even if not realised, at year end,
subject to a 26 per cent. substitute tax, to be paid by the managing authorised intermediary.
Under the Asset Management Regime, any depreciation of the managed assets accrued at year
end may be carried forward against increase in value of the managed assets accrued in any of
the four succeeding tax years. Under the Asset Management Regime, the Noteholder is not
required to declare the capital gains realised in the annual tax return. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident
individuals holding the Notes not in connection with an entrepreneurial activity pursuant to Legislative
Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 may be exempt
from Italian capital gain taxes, including the 26 per cent. imposta sostitutiva, on capital gains realised
upon sale or redemption of the Notes if the Notes are included in a long-term savings account (piano di
risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements set forth in Article 1 (100-114) of Finance Act
2017, as subsequently amended and supplemented, in Article 1 (210-215) of the Finance Act 2019, as
subsequently amended and supplemented and in Article 13-bis of the Fiscal Decree linked to Finance
Act 2020, as subsequently amended and supplemented. 
The imposta sostitutiva does not apply also to the following Italian-resident taxpayers:
(A) Corporate Investors
Any capital gains obtained from the sale or redemption of the Notes will not be subject to imposta
sostitutiva but would be treated as part of the IRES taxable income and, in certain circumstances,
depending on the status of the Noteholder, also as part of the net value of the production for IRAP
purposes if realised by (i) an Italian company or a similar commercial entity; (ii) an Italian permanent
establishment of foreign entities to which the Notes are connected). 
(B) Real estate investment funds and real estate SICAFs 
Any capital gains realized by a Noteholder which is an Italian Real Estate Fund or an Italian Real Estate
SICAF to which the provisions of Law Decree No. 351 of 25 September, 2001, Law Decree No. 78 of
31 May 2010, converted into Law No. 122 of 30 July 2010, and Legislative Decree No. 44 of 4 March
2014, all as amended, apply are subject neither to imposta sostitutiva nor to any other income tax in the
hands of the Real Estate Fund or the Real Estate SICAF. The income of the Real Estate Fund or of the
Real Estate SICAF may be subject to tax, in the hands of the unitholder/shareholder, depending on the
status and percentage of participation.

--- Page 205 ---
Italian Taxation 
190 
(C) Investment funds
Any capital gains realised by a Noteholder which is an Italian Investment Fund, a SICAV or a SICAF
will neither be subject to imposta sostitutiva nor to any income tax in the hands of the Investment Fund
or of the SICAV/SICAF. The proceeds distributed by the Investment Fund or the SICAV/SICAF or
received by certain categories of unitholders upon redemption or disposal of the units will be taxed in
the hands of the investors who subscribe the quotas of the Investment Funds or the shares of the
SICAV/SICAF on a cash basis. 
(D) Pension funds 
Any capital gains realised by a Noteholder which is an Italian pension fund (subject to the regime
provided for by Article 17 of Decree No. 252) will be included in the result of the relevant portfolio
accrued at the end of the tax period, to be subject to the 20 per cent. Pension Fund Tax. 
Subject to certain conditions (including minimum holding period requirement) and limitations, capital
gains realised through the transfer for consideration or redemption of the Notes may be excluded from
the taxable base of the Pension Funds, pursuant to Article 1, paragraph 92, of the Finance Act 2017, if
the Notes are included in a long-term individual savings plan (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo
termine) pursuant to Article 1 (100-114) of the Finance Act 2017, as subsequently amended and
supplemented, Article 1 (210-215) of the Finance Act 2019, as subsequently amended and supplemented
and in Article 13-bis of the Fiscal Decree linked to Finance Act 2020, as subsequently amended and
supplemented. 
3. Notes not having capital protection guaranteed by the Issuer (Atypical Securities) 
3.1 Taxation of interest 
Italian resident Noteholders
Interest payments relating to Notes that are not deemed to fall within the category of bonds (obbligazioni)
or debentures similar to bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni) may be subject to a withholding tax,
(final or on account depending on the "status" and tax residence of the Noteholder) levied at the rate of
26 per cent by the Italian tax resident financial intermediary intervening in the payment of the Interest,
if any. 
If the Notes are issued by a non-Italian resident Issuer, the 26 per cent. withholding tax mentioned above
does not apply as a final tax to Interest payments made to an Italian resident Noteholder which is (i) a
company or similar commercial entity (including the Italian permanent establishment of foreign entities
to which the Notes are effectively connected), (ii) a commercial partnership or (iii) a commercial private
or public institution. According to Italian tax law, in similar cases, the withholding tax, if any, qualifies
as a provisional withholding tax. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Interest in respect
of Notes received by Italian resident individuals holding the Notes not in connection with an
entrepreneurial activity or social security entities pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994
and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 may be exempt from taxation, including the
withholding tax on interest, premium and other income relating to atypical securities, if those Notes are
included in a long-term individual savings plan (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that
meets the requirements set forth in Article 1 (100–114) of the Finance Act 2017, as subsequently
amended and supplemented, in Article 1 (210-215) of the Finance Act 2019, as subsequently amended
and supplemented and in Article 13-bis of the Fiscal Decree linked to the Finance Act 2020, as
subsequently amended and supplemented. 
3.2 Capital gains 
The same regime as under paragraph 2.2 above should be applicable mutatis mutandis. 
4. Stamp duty 
The Italian Law Decree No. 201 of 6 December 2011 ("Decree No. 201"), converted into law with
amendments by Law No. 214 of 22 December 2011, has replaced the paragraphs 2-bis and 2-ter and

--- Page 206 ---
Italian Taxation 
191 
related notes (3-bis and 3-ter) of Article 13 of the first part of the Tariff annexed to stamp duty Law
approved with Presidential Decree No. 642 of 26 October 1972. 
Pursuant to Decree No. 201, statements sent to customers and related to all the financial products and
instruments, including those not deposited, are subject to stamp duty at the rate of 0.20 per cent. The
maximum amount due is set at euro 14,000 for Noteholders other than individuals. 
The tax is applied to each statement, on the total market value, or in its absence, on the face or repayment
value of securities and financial products. The statement is considered to be sent at least once a year,
even for instruments for which is not mandatory nor the deposit nor the release or the drafting of the
statement. In case of reporting periods of less than 12 months, the stamp duty is payable pro rata. Based
on the wording of the law and the implementing decree issued by the Italian Ministry of Finance on 24
May 2012, the stamp duty applies to any investor who is a client (as defined in the regulations issued by
the Bank of Italy on 20 June 2012, as subsequently amended and supplemented from time to time) of an
entity that exercises in any form a banking, financial or insurance activity within the Italian territory. 
5. Wealth tax on securities deposited abroad 
Pursuant to Article 19, paragraphs 18 to 23, of Decree No. 201, Italian resident individuals, non-profit
entities and certain partnership including società semplici or similar partnerships in accordance with
Article 5 of Decree No. 917 holding the Notes outside the Italian territory are required to pay a wealth
tax at a rate of 0.20 per cent. The maximum amount due is set at Euro 14,000 for Noteholders other than
individuals. 
The tax is calculated on the fair market value of the Notes at the end of the relevant year or, in the case
the fair market value cannot be determined, on their nominal values or redemption values or, in the case
the face or redemption values cannot be determined, on the purchase value of any financial asset
(including banking bonds, obbligazioni and capital adequacy financial instruments) held abroad by
Italian resident individuals. A tax credit is granted for any foreign property tax levied abroad on such
financial assets. 
6. Inheritance and Gift Tax 
Pursuant to Italian Law Decree No. 262 of 3 October 2006, as converted with amendments by Law No.
286 of 24 November 2006, inheritance and gift taxes have been re-introduced in Italy, with effect as of
3 October 2006. 
Inheritance and gift taxes apply according to the following rates and exclusions: 
(a) 
if assets (including money) pass to a spouse, as well as to any linear descendent, tax is levied at
a rate of 4 per cent. The tax applies to the value of the assets (net of liabilities) left to each
heir/beneficiary which exceeded euro 1,000,000; 
(b) 
assets (including money) pass to a relative within the fourth degree or to a linear relative-in-
law, as well as to a collateral relative within the third degree, tax is levied at a rate of 6 per cent.
The tax applies to the value of the assets (net of liabilities) exceeding euro 100,000 if assets are
left to a brother or sister; 
(c) 
8 per cent. in all other cases. 
If the transfer is made in favour of persons affected by a handicap deemed as "critical" pursuant to Law
No. 104 of 5 February 1992, inheritance and gift taxes apply only on the value exceeding euro 1,500,000. 
Under Article 1 (114) of the Finance Act 2017, as subsequently amended and supplemented, the mortis
causa transfer of financial instruments included in a long-term savings account (piano individuale di
risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements set forth in Article 1(100-114) of the Finance
Act 2017, as subsequently amended and supplemented, Article 1 (210-215) of the Finance Act 2019 or
Article 13-bis of the Fiscal Decree linked to Finance Act 2020, as subsequently amended and
supplemented are exempt from inheritance and gift taxes. 
7. Tax monitoring obligations 
Pursuant to Italian Law Decree No. 167 of 28 June 1990, as amended by Law No. 97 of 6 August 2013
and by Law No. 50 of 28 March 2014, individuals, non-profit entities and certain partnerships (in
particular, società semplici or similar partnerships in accordance with Article 5 of Decree No. 917)
resident in Italy are required to report in their yearly income tax declaration, for tax monitoring purposes,
the amount of Notes held abroad during each tax year.

--- Page 207 ---
Italian Taxation 
192 
The requirement applies also where the persons above, being not the direct holder of the financial
instruments, are the beneficial owner of the instrument for anti-money laundering purposes. The above
reporting is not required to be complied with respect to Notes deposited for management with qualified
Italian intermediaries and with respect to contracts entered into through their intervention, provided that
the financial flows and income derived from the Notes are subject to tax by the same intermediaries. 
8. EU Directive on Administrative Cooperation in the field of Taxation 
On 9 July 2015, the Italian Parliament adopted Law No. 114 delegating the Italian Government to
implement in Italy certain EU Council Directives, including Council Directive 2011/16/EU on
Administrative Cooperation in the field of Taxation (as amended by Council Directive 2014/107/EU).
Such Directive is aimed at broadening the scope of the operational mechanism of intra-EU automatic
exchange of information in order to fight cross-border tax fraud and evasion. The Italian government
implemented the above-mentioned Council Directive 2014/107/EU in the Ministerial Decree issued by
the Ministry of Finance on 28 December 2015, as amended by the Ministerial Decree of 17 January 2017.
Following the Ministerial Decree quoted, the Italian tax authorities may communicate to other EU
member states information about interest and other categories of financial income of Italian source,
including income from the Notes. 
Furthermore, the Italian Government implemented the later changes to the Council Directive
2011/16/EU, including the changes introduced by the Council Directive 2376/2015/EU on the mandatory
automatic exchange of information on advance cross-border rulings and advance pricing arrangements,
through the issue of the Legislative Decree 15 March 2017, no. 32, and by the Council Directive
2016/2258/EU as regards access to anti-money-laundering information by tax authorities, through the
issue of the Legislative Decree 18 May 2018, no. 60. 
9. Financial Transaction Tax 
Pursuant to Article 1 (491-500) of Law No. 228 of 24 December 2012, an Italian financial transaction
tax ("FTT") applies to (a) transfer of property rights in shares and other participating securities issued
by Italian resident companies or of financial instruments representing the mentioned shares and/or
participating securities (irrespective of whether issued by Italian resident issuers or not) (the Relevant
Securities), (b) transactions on financial derivatives (i) the main underlying assets of which are the
Relevant Securities, or (ii) whose value depends mainly on one or more Relevant Securities, as well as
to (c) any transaction on certain securities (i) which allow to mainly purchase or sell one or more Relevant
Securities or (ii) implying a cash payment determined with main reference to one or more Relevant
Securities. 
Certain Notes could be included in the scope of application of the FTT if they meet the requirements set
out above. On the other hand, Notes falling within the category of bonds (obbligazioni) or debentures
similar to bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni) are not included in the scope of the FTT. 
The FTT on derivative instruments is levied at a fixed amount that varies depending on the nature of the
relevant instrument and the notional value of the transaction, and ranges between Euro 0.01875 and Euro
200 per transaction. The amount of FTT payable is reduced to 1/5 of the standard rate in case the
transaction is performed on regulated markets or multilateral trading facilities of certain EU and EEA
member states. The FTT on derivatives is due by each of the parties to the transactions. FTT exemptions
and exclusions are provided for certain transactions and entities. 
The FTT is levied and paid by the subject (generally a financial intermediary) that is involved, in any
way, in the execution of the transaction. Intermediaries which are not resident in Italy but are liable to
apply the FTT can appoint an Italian tax representative for the purposes of the FTT. If no intermediary
is involved in the execution of the transaction, the FTT must be paid by the relevant taxpayers.
Investors are advised to consult their own tax advisors also on the possible impact of the FTT.

--- Page 208 ---
Subscription and Sale 
193 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
The Issuer is offering the Notes on a continuing basis through Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc
of 25 Cabot Square, Canary Wharf, London E14 4QA (the "Distribution Agent"), who has agreed to
use reasonable efforts to solicit, directly or through its affiliates, offers to purchase the Notes. The Issuer
will have the sole right to accept offers to purchase Notes and may reject any offer in whole or in part.
The Distribution Agent will have the right to reject any offer to purchase Notes solicited by it in whole
or in part. The Issuer may pay the Distribution Agent, in connection with sales of the Notes resulting
from a solicitation the Distribution Agent made or an offer to purchase received by the Distribution
Agent, a commission, which may be in the form of a discount from the purchase price if the Distribution
Agent is purchasing the Notes for its own account. 
The Issuer may also sell Notes to the Distribution Agent as principal for its own account at a price to be
agreed upon at the time of sale. The Distribution Agent may resell, directly or through any affiliates, any
Notes it purchases as principal at prevailing market prices, or at other prices, as the Distribution Agent
determines. 
The arrangements for the offer and sale of the Notes from time to time are set out in the Regulation S
Distribution Agreement dated on or about 19 July 2021 (as modified and restated from time to time, the
"Distribution Agreement") among Morgan Stanley and the Distribution Agent. Pursuant to the
Distribution Agreement, Morgan Stanley and the Distribution Agent have agreed to indemnify each other
against certain liabilities or to contribute payments made in respect thereof. Morgan Stanley has also
agreed to reimburse the Distribution Agent for certain expenses. The Distribution Agreement makes
provision for the appointment of additional Distribution Agents who may agree to become bound by its
terms (either in relation to the Notes generally or in relation to a particular Series of Notes) in an accession
letter provided by each such additional Distribution Agent to Morgan Stanley. 
In order to facilitate the offering of the Notes, the Distribution Agent may engage in transactions that
stabilise, maintain or otherwise affect the price of the Notes or any other securities, the prices of which
may be used to determine payments on those Notes. Specifically, the Distribution Agent may over allot
in connection with any offering of the Notes, creating a short position in the Notes for their own accounts.
In addition, to cover overallotments or to stabilise the price of the Notes or of any other securities, the
Distribution Agent may bid for, and purchase, Notes or any other securities in the open market. Finally,
in any offering of the Notes through a syndicate of underwriters, the underwriting syndicate may reclaim
selling concessions allowed to an underwriter or a dealer for distributing the Notes in the offering if the
syndicate repurchases previously distributed Notes in transactions to cover syndicate short positions, in
stabilisation transactions or otherwise. Any of these activities may stabilise or maintain the market price
of the Notes above independent market levels. The Distribution Agent is not required to engage in these
activities and may end any of these activities at any time. 
United States of America 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or the securities laws of any
state or other jurisdiction of the U.S., and may not be offered or sold at any time within the U.S. or to, or
for the account or benefit of, any U.S. Person (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act
("Regulation S")), and otherwise in accordance with Rule 903 of Regulation S. Each Distribution
Agent: (1) has acknowledged that the Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities
Act, or any securities laws of any state or other jurisdiction in the U.S., and the Notes are not being
offered or sold and may not be offered or sold at any time, directly or indirectly, within the U.S. or to, or
for the account or benefit of, any U.S. Person; (2) has represented, as a condition to acquiring any interest
in the Notes, that neither it nor any persons on whose behalf or for whose account or benefit the Notes
are being acquired is a U.S. Person, that it is not located in the U.S. and was not solicited to purchase
Notes while present in the U.S.; (3) has agreed not to offer or sell any of the Notes at any time, directly
or indirectly, in the U.S. or to, or for the account or benefit of, any U.S. Person; and (4) has agreed that,
at or prior to confirmation of sale of any Notes (whether upon original issuance or in any secondary
transaction), it will have sent to each distributor, dealer or person receiving a selling concession, fee or
other remuneration that purchases Notes from it a written notice containing language substantially the
same as the foregoing. As used herein, "U.S." means the United States of America (including the states
and the District of Columbia), its territories and possessions. 
Each Distribution Agent has represented and agreed that it has offered and sold the Notes, and agrees
that it will at all times offer and sell the Notes, as part of its distribution or otherwise only outside the
U.S. and to persons who are not U.S. persons (as such term is defined under Regulation S) and otherwise

--- Page 209 ---
Subscription and Sale 
194 
in accordance with Rule 903 of Regulation S. Accordingly, each Distribution Agent has represented and
agreed that neither it, its affiliates (if any) nor any persons acting on its or their behalf have engaged or
will engage in any directed selling efforts with respect to the Notes at any time, and they have complied
and will comply with the offering restrictions requirements of Regulation S. Terms used in this paragraph
have the meanings given to them in Regulation S. Each Distribution Agent has agreed that, at or prior to
confirmation of sale of Notes, it will have sent to each distributor, dealer or person receiving a selling
concession, fee or other remuneration that purchases Notes from a confirmation or notice to substantially
the following effect: 
"The securities covered hereby have not been registered under the United States
Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), and may not at any time
be offered or sold within the U.S. or to, or for the account or benefit of, any U.S. person
as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act ("Regulation S"). Terms used
above have the meanings given to them by Regulation S."
Each Distribution Agent has represented that it has not entered and has agreed that it will not enter into
any contractual arrangement with any distributor (as that term is defined in Regulation S) with respect to
the distribution or delivery of the Notes, except with its affiliates or with the prior written consent of the
Issuer. An offer or sale of Notes within the U.S. by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering
of such Notes) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
European Economic Area  
In relation to each member state of the European Economic Area (each a "Member State"), the
Distribution Agent has represented and agreed, and each further Distribution Agent appointed under the
Distribution Agreement will be required to represent and agree, in relation to each Tranche of Notes, that
it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated
by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in that Member
State except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in that Member State: 
(a)
if the Final Terms in relation to the Notes specify that an offer of those Notes may be made
other than pursuant to Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation in that Member State (a "Non-
exempt Offer"), following the date of publication of a prospectus in relation to such Notes
which has been approved by the competent authority in that Member State or, where
appropriate, approved in another Member State and notified to the competent authority in that
Member State, provided that any such prospectus has subsequently been completed by the
Final Terms contemplating such Non-exempt Offer, in accordance with the Prospectus
Regulation, in the period beginning and ending on the dates specified in such prospectus or
Final Terms, as applicable and the Issuer has consented in writing to its use for the purpose of
that Non-exempt Offer; 
(b)
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus
Regulation; 
(c)
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined
in the Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the Distribution Agent
nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(d)
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (b) to (d) above shall require the Issuer or any
Distribution Agent to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation, or
supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any
Notes in any Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to
purchase or subscribe the Notes and the expression "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU)
2017/1129. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies the "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail
Investors" as "Not Applicable", each Distribution Agent has represented and agreed, and each further

--- Page 210 ---
Subscription and Sale 
195 
Distribution Agent appointed under the Distribution Agreement will be required to represent and agree,
that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make
available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as
completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the EEA. For the purposes of
this provision: 
(A) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(1) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(2) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not
qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(3) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and 
(B) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an
investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
United Kingdom 
If the Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes specifies
"Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", the Distribution Agent has
represented and agreed, and each further Distribution Agent appointed under the Distribution Agreement
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which
are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in
relation thereto to the public in the United Kingdom except that it may make an offer of such Notes to
the public in the United Kingdom: 
(a)
if the Final Terms in relation to the Notes specify that an offer of those Notes may be made
other than pursuant to section 86 of the FSMA (a "Public Offer"), following the date of
publication of a prospectus in relation to such Notes which either (i) has been approved by the
Financial Conduct Authority, or (ii) is to be treated as if it had been approved by the Financial
Conduct Authority in accordance with the transitional provision in Regulation 74 of the
Prospectus (Amendment etc.) (EU Exit) Regulations 2019, provided that any such prospectus
has subsequently been completed by final terms contemplating such Public Offer, in the period
beginning and ending on the dates specified in such prospectus or final terms, as applicable, and
the Issuer has consented in writing to its use for the purpose of that Public Offer; 
(b)
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK
Prospectus Regulation; 
(c)
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined
in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the
prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(d)
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (b) to (d) above shall require the Issuer or any
Distribution Agent to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a
prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any
Notes means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of
the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the
Notes and the expression "UK Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms
part of "retained EU law" as defined in the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "EUWA"). 
In relation to each Tranche of Notes, the Distribution Agent has represented and agreed, and each further
Distribution Agent appointed under the Distribution Agreement will be required to represent and agree,
with the issue that: 
(a)
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (1) it is a person whose
ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as
principal or agent) for the purposes of its business and (2) it has not offered or sold and will not
offer or sell any Notes other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring,

--- Page 211 ---
Subscription and Sale 
196 
holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of
their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the
Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer; 
(b)
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause
to be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the
meaning of Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any
Notes in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(c)
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to
anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies the "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" 
as "Not Applicable", each Distribution Agent has represented and agreed, and each further Distribution
Agent appointed under the Distribution Agreement will be required to represent and agree, that it has not
offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes
which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final
Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For the purposes of this provision: 
(A) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(1) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it
forms part of "retained EU law", as defined in the EUWA; or 
(2) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of "retained EU law", as defined in the EUWA; or 
(3) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms
part of "retained EU law", as defined in the EUWA; and 
(B) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an
investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes.
Republic of Italy  
Unless it is specified in the relevant Final Terms that a Non-exempt Offer may be made in Italy, the
offering of the Notes has not been registered with the Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa
("CONSOB") pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, accordingly, the Distribution Agent has
represented and agreed that, save as set out below, it has not offered or sold, and will not offer or sell,
any Notes in the Republic of Italy in an offer to the public and that sales of the Notes in the Republic of
Italy shall be effected in accordance with all Italian securities, tax and exchange control and other
applicable laws and regulation. 
Accordingly, the Distribution Agent has represented and agreed that it will not offer, sell or deliver any
Notes or distribute copies of this Base Prospectus and any other document relating to the Notes in the
Republic of Italy except: 
(a)
to "qualified investors", as defined in Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation; or 
(b)
in any other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to
Article 1 of the Prospectus Regulation, Article 100 of Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February
1998, as amended from time to time (the "Decree No. 58"), Article 34-ter of CONSOB
Regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 1999, as amended from time to time (the "Regulation No. 
11971"), and the applicable Italian laws. 
Any such offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of the Base Prospectus or any other
document relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy must: 
(i)
be made by investment firms, banks or financial intermediaries permitted to conduct such
activities in the Republic of Italy in accordance with Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September

--- Page 212 ---
Subscription and Sale 
197 
1993 as amended (the "Banking Act"), Decree No. 58, CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 15
February 2018, and any other applicable laws and regulations; and 
(ii)
comply with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirement imposed by CONSOB,
the Bank of Italy (including the reporting requirements, where applicable, pursuant to Article
129 of the Banking Act and the implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy, as amended from
time to time) and/or any other Italian authority. 
Provisions relating to the secondary market in Italy 
Please note that in accordance with Article 5 of the Prospectus Regulation and Article 100-bis of Decree
No. 58, where no exemption from the rules on public offerings applies under (a) and (b) above, the
subsequent distribution of the Notes on the secondary market in Italy must be made in compliance with
the public offer and the prospectus requirement rules provided under the Prospectus Regulation, the
Decree No. 58 and Regulation No. 11971. Failure to comply with such rules may result in the sale of
such Notes being declared null and void and in the liability of the intermediary transferring the financial
instruments for any damages suffered by the investors.

--- Page 213 ---
No Ownership by U.S. Persons 
198 
NO OWNERSHIP BY U.S. PERSONS 
The Notes may not be legally or beneficially owned by U.S. Persons at any time. The term "U.S. Person" 
will have the meaning ascribed to it in Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Each purchaser of Notes, by accepting delivery of this Base Prospectus or the Notes, will be deemed to
have represented, agreed and acknowledged that: 
(a)
it is, or at the time such Notes are purchased will be, the beneficial owner of such Notes and it
is not, and is not acting for the account or benefit of, a U.S. Person and it is located outside the
U.S. and was not solicited to purchase such Notes while present in the U.S.; 
(b)
such Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not at any
time be offered or sold within the U.S. or to, or for the account or benefit of, any person that is
a U.S. Person (within the meaning of Regulation S), and otherwise in an "offshore transaction" 
in accordance with Rule 903 or Rule 904 of Regulation S, in each case in accordance with all
applicable securities laws of any state of the U.S. and any other applicable jurisdiction and it
will provide notice of the foregoing transfer restriction to any subsequent transferee; 
(c)
such Notes will bear a legend to the following effect: 
"THE NOTES HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S.
SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE "SECURITIES ACT"), OR THE
SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION OF THE U.S. THE
NOTES MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD AT ANY TIME, DIRECTLY OR
INDIRECTLY, WITHIN THE U.S. OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF,
ANY PERSON THAT IS A U.S. PERSON (AS DEFINED IN REGULATION S UNDER THE
SECURITIES ACT ("REGULATION S")).
IN PURCHASING THE NOTES, PURCHASERS WILL BE DEEMED TO REPRESENT
AND WARRANT THAT THEY ARE NEITHER LOCATED IN THE U.S. NOR A U.S.
PERSON AND THAT THEY ARE NOT PURCHASING SUCH NOTES ON BEHALF OF,
OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, ANY SUCH U.S. PERSON."
and 
(d)
the Issuer, the Registrar, the Distribution Agents and their affiliates and others will rely upon
the truth and accuracy of the foregoing acknowledgments, representations and agreements.

--- Page 214 ---
Important Legal Information 
199 
IMPORTANT LEGAL INFORMATION 
1.
Offering through Distribution Agent
The Issuer is offering the Notes on a continuing basis through Morgan Stanley & Co.
International plc (the "Distribution Agent"), which has agreed to use reasonable efforts to
solicit, directly or through its affiliates, offers to purchase the Notes. The Issuer may also sell
Notes to the Distribution Agent as principal for its own account at a price to be agreed upon at
the time of sale. The Distribution Agent may resell, directly or through its affiliates, any Notes
it purchases as principal at prevailing market prices, or at other prices, as it determines. The
Issuer or the Distribution Agent may reject any offer to purchase Notes, in whole or in part. See
section entitled "Subscription and Sale" above. 
2.
Credit Ratings
Notes may or may not be rated. Any credit rating applied for in relation to an issue of Notes will
be specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement. Whether or not such credit
ratings applied for will be issued by a credit rating agency established in the European Union
and registered under Regulation 1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of the Council of
16 September 2009 on credit rating agencies (the "CRA Regulation") will be disclosed in the
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement. In general, European regulated investors are restricted from
using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency
established in the European Economic Area ("EEA") and registered under the CRA Regulation
unless (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency operating in the EEA before 7 June
2010 which has submitted an application for registration in accordance with the CRA
Regulation and such registration has not been refused, or (2) the rating is provided by a credit
rating agency not established in the EEA but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established
in the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation, or (3) the rating is provided by a credit
rating agency not established in the EEA which is certified under the CRA Regulation. This
Base Prospectus includes details of the long-term and short-term credit ratings assigned to
Morgan Stanley by DBRS, Inc. ("DBRS"), Fitch Ratings, Inc. ("Fitch"), Moody's Investors
Service, Inc. ("Moody's"), Rating and Investment Information, Inc. ("R&I") and Standard &
Poor's Financial Services LLC through its business unit Standard & Poor's Global Ratings
("S&P"). The list of credit rating agencies registered under the CRA Regulation (as updated
from time to time) is published on the website of the European Securities and Markets Authority
(http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-CRAs).
None of DBRS, Fitch, Moody's or S&P is established in the EEA or has applied for registration
under the CRA Regulation. However, certain of their respective affiliates are established in the
EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation. Such affiliates endorse the ratings of DBRS,
Fitch, Moody's and S&P for use for regulatory purposes in the EEA. 
R&I is not incorporated in the EEA and is not registered under the CRA Regulation. 
The credit rating of Morgan Stanley's short-term and long-term debt is (i) R-1 (middle) and A
(high), with a stable outlook, by DBRS, Inc. ("DBRS")") (ii) F1 and A, with a stable outlook,
by Fitch Ratings, Inc ("Fitch"), (iii) P-1 and A1, with a stable outlook, by Moody's Investors
Service, Inc. ("Moody's"), (iv) a-1 and A, with a stable outlook, by Rating and Investment
Information, Inc. ("R&I"); and (v) A-2 and BBB+ with a positive outlook, by Standard &
Poor's Financial Services LLC through its business unit Standard & Poor's Global Ratings
("S&P").
Explanation of Ratings 
DBRS: For short-term ratings, DBRS has a sliding scale from R-1 (highest credit quality) to R-
5 (highly speculative). The modifier (middle) indicates that the obligation ranks in the middle
end of the R-1 category. For long-term credit ratings, DBRS has a sliding scale ranging from
AAA (highest credit quality) to C (very highly speculative). The modifier (high) indicates that
the obligation ranks in the higher end of the A category.41
Fitch: For short-term ratings, a rating of F1 indicates the strongest intrinsic capacity for timely
payment of financial commitments. For long-term credit ratings, a rating of A denotes
expectations of low credit risk. The capacity for payment of financial commitments is
41 Information found at http://www.dbrs.com/

--- Page 215 ---
Important Legal Information 
200 
considered strong. This capacity may, nevertheless, be more vulnerable to adverse business
conditions than is the case for higher ratings.42
Moody's: For short-term ratings, Issuers rated P-1 are deemed to have a superior ability to repay
short-term debt obligations. For long-term ratings, obligations rated A are judged to be upper-
medium grade and are subject to low credit risk. Moody's appends numerical modifiers 1, 2 and
3 to each generic rating classification. The modifier 1 indicates that the obligation ranks in the
higher end of its generic rating category.43
R&I: For short-term ratings, a rating of a-1 indicates that the certainty of the fulfilment of a
short-term obligation is high. For long-term ratings, a rating of A indicates high
creditworthiness. The modifier (-) indicates that the obligation ranks in the lower end of the A
category.44
S&P: For short-term ratings, a rating of A-2 indicates satisfactory capacity to meet financial
commitments. However, the Issuer is more susceptible to the adverse effects of changes in
circumstances and economic conditions than obligors in the highest rating category. For long-
term ratings, a rating of BBB indicates adequate capacity to meet financial commitments.
However, adverse economic conditions or changing circumstances are more likely to lead to a
weakened capacity of the obligor to meet its financial commitments.45
3.
Responsibility Statements
Morgan Stanley accepts responsibility for information contained in the Base Prospectus. To the
best of the knowledge and belief of Morgan Stanley, the information for which it accepts
responsibility as aforesaid is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to
affect the import of such information. 
In respect of a Non-exempt Offer, the above paragraph is subject to the conditions and
disclaimer of responsibility in certain circumstances as provided in "Consent to the use of the
Base Prospectus" above. 
4.
Supplement
This Base Prospectus must be read and construed together with any supplements hereto and
with any information incorporated by reference herein and, in relation to any Tranche of Notes
which is the subject of Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, must be read and construed together
with the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement. 
5.
No information or representatives outside offer
No person has been authorised by Morgan Stanley to give any information or to make any
representation not contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, and, if given
or made, that information or representation should not be relied upon as having been authorised
by Morgan Stanley. Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or
delivery of any Notes will, in any circumstances, create any implication that the information
contained in this Base Prospectus is true subsequent to the date hereof or the date upon which
this Base Prospectus has been most recently supplemented or that there has been no adverse
change in the financial situation of any of Morgan Stanley since the date hereof or, as the case
may be, the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently supplemented or the
balance sheet date of the most recent financial statements which have been incorporated into
this Base Prospectus by way of a supplement to this Base Prospectus, or that any other
information supplied from time to time is correct at any time subsequent to the date on which it
is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same. Investors
should review, inter alia, the most recent financial statements of Morgan Stanley when
evaluating any Notes or an investment therein (such financial statements shall not form a part
of this Base Prospectus unless they have been expressly incorporated herein, including by way
of a supplement to this Base Prospectus). 
42 Information found at https://www.fitchratings.com/site/home 
43 Information found at https://www.moodys.com/ 
44 Information found at https://www.r-i.co.jp/eng/ 
45 Information found at https://www.standardandpoors.com/en_US/web/guest/home

--- Page 216 ---
Important Legal Information 
201 
6.
No or limited secondary market
Potential investors should be willing to hold the Notes until maturity. The nature and extent of
any secondary market in the Notes cannot be predicted and there may be little or no secondary
market in the Notes. If Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc or other affiliate does make a
market for the Notes, it may cease to do so at any time. 
7.
Offering and distribution restrictions and disclaimers
Subject to the restrictions set out in this Base Prospectus, the categories of potential investors
to which the Notes are offered are retail and institutional investors. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering, sale and delivery of Notes in certain
jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus
comes are required by Morgan Stanley to inform themselves about and to observe those
restrictions. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms or Pricing Supplement constitutes an offer of
or an invitation to subscribe for or purchase any Notes and should not be considered as a
recommendation by any of Morgan Stanley or the Distribution Agent that any recipient of this
Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or Pricing Supplement should subscribe for or purchase
any Notes. Each recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or Pricing Supplement
will be taken to have made its own investigation and appraisal of the condition (financial or
otherwise) of Morgan Stanley and of the particular terms of any offered Notes. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms or Pricing Supplement may be used for the
purpose of an offer or solicitation by anyone in any jurisdiction in which that offer or solicitation
is not authorised or to any person to whom it is unlawful to make such an offer or solicitation.
For a description of certain restrictions on offer, sales and deliveries of Notes and on the
distribution of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or Pricing Supplement and other offering
material relating to the Notes, see "Subscription and Sale" above. 
8.
Secured Overnight Financing Rate 
As further described under "Risk Factors Relating to the Notes" above, the interest rate on the
Notes may be determined by reference to (i) SOFR (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of
the Notes) or (ii), in certain circumstances, either a Fallback Term SOFR or Fallback
Compounded SOFR (each as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes). 
SOFR is published by the New York Federal Reserve and is intended to be a broad measure of
the cost of borrowing cash overnight collateralized by U.S. Treasury securities. The New York
Federal Reserve reports that SOFR includes all trades in the Broad General Collateral Rate and
bilateral Treasury repurchase agreement (repo) transactions cleared through the delivery-
versus-payment service offered by the Fixed Income Clearing Corporation (the "FICC"), a
subsidiary of the Depository Trust and Clearing Corporation ("DTCC"), and SOFR is filtered
by the New York Federal Reserve to remove some (but not all) of the foregoing transactions
considered to be "specials." According to the New York Federal Reserve, "specials" are repos
for specific-issue collateral, which take place at cash-lending rates below those for general
collateral repos because cash providers are willing to accept a lesser return on their cash in order
to obtain a particular security. 
The New York Federal Reserve reports that SOFR is calculated as a volume-weighted median
of transaction-level tri-party repo data collected from The Bank of New York Mellon as well as
General Collateral Finance Repo transaction data and data on bilateral Treasury repo
transactions cleared through the FICC's delivery-versus-payment service. The New York
Federal Reserve also notes that it obtains information from DTCC Solutions LLC, an affiliate
of DTCC. 
If data for a given market segment were unavailable for any day, then the most recently available
data for that segment would be utilized, with the rates on each transaction from that day adjusted
to account for any change in the level of market rates in that segment over the intervening period.
SOFR would be calculated from this adjusted prior day's data for segments where current data
were unavailable, and unadjusted data for any segments where data were available. To
determine the change in the level of market rates over the intervening period for the missing
market segment, the New York Federal Reserve would use information collected through a daily

--- Page 217 ---
Important Legal Information 
202 
survey conducted by its Trading Desk of primary dealers' repo borrowing activity. Such daily
survey would include information reported by Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, a wholly owned
subsidiary of the Issuer, as a primary dealer. 
The New York Federal Reserve notes on its publication page for SOFR that use of SOFR is
subject to important limitations, indemnification obligations and disclaimers, including that the
New York Federal Reserve may alter the methods of calculation, publication schedule, rate
revision practices or availability of SOFR at any time without notice. 
Each U.S. government securities business day, the New York Federal Reserve publishes SOFR
on its website at approximately 8:00 a.m., New York City time. If errors are discovered in the
transaction data provided by The Bank of New York Mellon or DTCC Solutions LLC, or in the
calculation process, subsequent to the initial publication of SOFR but on that same day, SOFR
and the accompanying summary statistics may be republished at approximately 2:30 p.m., New
York City time. Additionally, if transaction data from The Bank of New York Mellon or DTCC
Solutions LLC had previously not been available in time for publication, but became available
later in the day, the affected rate or rates may be republished at around this time. Rate revisions
will only be effected on the same day as initial publication and will only be republished if the
change in the rate exceeds one basis point. Any time a rate is revised, a footnote to the New
York Federal Reserve's publication would indicate the revision. This revision threshold will be
reviewed periodically by the New York Federal Reserve and may be changed based on market
conditions. 
Because SOFR is published by the New York Federal Reserve based on data received from
other sources, the Issuer has no control over its determination, calculation or publication. See
"Risk Factors Relating to the Notes" above. 
The information contained in this section "Secured Overnight Financing Rate" is based upon
the New York Federal Reserve's Website and other U.S. government sources.

--- Page 218 ---
General Information 
203 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. The
appropriate code for each issue allocated by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be contained
in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement. Transactions will normally be effected for
settlement not earlier than two business days after the date of the transaction. 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Program pursuant to this Base Prospectus will be
determined by the Issuer and any Distribution Agent at the time of the issue in accordance with prevailing
market conditions. 
In respect of any Fixed Rate Notes, the yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of the Issue Price
for such Notes and will be specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement. It is not an
indication of future yield. 
Documents available 
This Base Prospectus and any supplement thereto will be published on the websites of (a) the
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu) and (b) Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc
(http://sp.morganstanley.com/EU/Documents). 
For so long as this Base Prospectus remains in effect or Notes remain outstanding, the following
documents will be available from the date hereof in physical or electronic form, during usual business
hours on any weekday, for inspection at The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch, One Canada
Square, London E14 5AL and also at the principal executive offices of Morgan Stanley and on the free
to access website (http://sp.morganstanley.com/EU/Documents): 
(a)
copies of the Distribution Agreement, the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement and all of
Morgan Stanley's future Annual, Quarterly and Current Reports; 
(b)
the Certificate of Incorporation and Amended and Restated By-laws of Morgan Stanley; 
(c)
all reports, letters and other documents, historical financial information, valuations and
statements by any expert, any part of which is included or referred to herein; 
(d)
Morgan Stanley's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended 31 December 2020, Morgan
Stanley's Current Reports on Form 8-K dated 20 January 2021, Morgan Stanley's Current
Reports on Form 8-K dated 16 April 2021, Morgan Stanley's Current Report on Form 8-K dated
15 July 2021, Morgan Stanley's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended
31 March 2021 and Morgan Stanley's Proxy Statement dated 1 April 2021; 
(e)
a copy of this Base Prospectus and any document incorporated by reference herein; 
(f)
any supplement to this Base Prospectus; and 
(g)
any Final Terms or Pricing Supplement (save that any Final Terms or Pricing Supplement
relating to a Note which is not listed will only be available for inspection by a holder of such
Note and such holder must provide evidence satisfactory to the Issuer as to the identity of such
holder). 
Any statement contained in this Base Prospectus or in a document incorporated or deemed to be
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus will be deemed to be modified or superseded for
purposes of this Base Prospectus, to the extent that a statement contained in this Base Prospectus or in
any subsequently filed document that also is or is deemed to be incorporated by reference in this Base
Prospectus and in respect of which a supplement to this Base Prospectus has been prepared modifies or
supersedes the statement. Any statement so modified or superseded will not be deemed, except as so
modified or superseded, to constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. 
Investors should consult Morgan Stanley should they require a copy of the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as
published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc.) which are referred to in the
Conditions of the Notes. 
Authorization 
The Program was authorised by Morgan Stanley pursuant to resolutions adopted at a meeting of the
Board of Directors of Morgan Stanley held on 25 September 1998, as amended and updated pursuant to
resolutions adopted at a meeting of the Board of Directors of Morgan Stanley held on 17 June 2013, 14

--- Page 219 ---
General Information 
204 
December 2004, 20 September 2005, 12 December 2006, 19 June 2007, 17 September 2007 and 16 June
2008. 
No material adverse change in prospects and no significant change in the financial or trading position 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of Morgan Stanley since 31 December 2020,
the date of the last published annual audited financial statements of Morgan Stanley. 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance of Morgan Stanley since 31 March
2021, the date of the last published interim (unaudited) financial statements of Morgan Stanley. 
Legal and arbitration proceedings 
Save as disclosed in: 
(a)
the paragraphs beginning with "Legal" under the heading "Contingencies" under the heading
"Commitments, Guarantees and Contingencies" in "Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements" at pages 128-129 and the section entitled "Legal Proceedings" at pages 159-163
of Morgan Stanley's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended 31 December 2020; 
(b)
the paragraphs beginning with "Legal" under the heading "Contingencies" under the heading
"Commitments, Guarantees and Contingencies" in "Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements" at pages 56-57 and the section entitled "Legal Proceedings" at page 68 of Morgan
Stanley's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended 31 March 2021; and 
(c)
the section entitled "Legal Proceedings" at Part 7 of the section entitled "Description of Morgan
Stanley " at pages 55-629 of the Registration Document as amended by paragraph 3 of the
section entitled "Amendments to the 'Description of Morgan Stanley' Section" at pages 36-41
of the First Supplement to the Registration Document, 
other than those disclosed in the audited financial statements or the interim (unaudited) financial
statements, there are no, nor have there been, any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings
involving Morgan Stanley (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which
Morgan Stanley is aware) during the 12-month period before the date of this Base Prospectus which may
have, or have had in the recent past, a significant effect on the financial position or profitability of Morgan
Stanley. 
Clearing Systems 
The address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is 42, avenue J F Kennedy, L-1855, Luxembourg. 
The address if Euroclear is 1, Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B – 1210 Brussels, Belgium.

--- Page 220 ---
Index of Defined Terms 
205 
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS
Page 
Page 
$ ................................................................................... ii 
£ ................................................................................... ii 
¥ ................................................................................... ii 
€ ................................................................................... ii 
€STR .......................................................................... 49 
€STR Benchmark....................................................... 77 
€STR Compound with Lookback .............................. 77 
€STR Compound with Observation Period Shift ....... 77 
€STR Compound with Payment Delay ...................... 78 
€STR Index ................................................................ 79 
€STR Index Average ................................................. 79 
€STR IndexEnd ............................................................ 79 
€STR IndexStart ........................................................... 79 
€STR Rate Cut-Off Date ............................................ 50 
€STRi ......................................................................... 78 
€STRi-pTBD ................................................................. 77 
30/360 ........................................................................ 47 
30/360 (ICMA) .......................................................... 47 
30/360 (ISDA) ........................................................... 47 
30E/360...................................................................... 48 
30E/360 (ISDA) ......................................................... 48 
360/360 ...................................................................... 47 
Accountholder ......................................................... 179 
Accrual Yield ............................................................. 42 
Accrued Value ..................................................... 49, 50 
Actual/360 ................................................................. 47 
Actual/365 (Fixed) ..................................................... 47 
Actual/365L ............................................................... 47 
Actual/Actual ............................................................. 47 
Actual/Actual (ICMA) ............................................... 47 
Actual/Actual (ISDA) ................................................ 47 
Additional Amounts ................................................. 105 
Additional Business Centre(s) ................................... 42 
Additional Financial Centre(s) ................................... 42 
Administrative Savings Regime ............................... 189 
Administrator/Benchmark Event ............................... 42 
Administrator/Benchmark Event Date ....................... 43 
Affected CNY Note ................................................. 112 
Affected Payment Date ............................................ 100 
Affiliate...................................................................... 43 
Agent ......................................................................... 42 
Agents ................................................................... 1, 42 
Alternative Pre-nominated Reference Rate ......... 87, 91 
Alternative Rate ............................................. 16, 87, 95 
Alternative Rate Committees .................................... 12 
ARRC ........................................................................ 17 
Asset Management Regime ..................................... 189 
AUD ............................................................................ ii 
Australian dollars ........................................................ ii 
Authorised Offeror .................................................... 31 
Authorised Offerors ................................................... 31 
Authorising Resolutions .............................................. 1 
Banking Act ............................................................ 197 
Base Prospectus ........................................ 119, 120, 152 
Benchmark .......................................................... 43, 91 
Benchmark Amendment Adjustment ........................ 91 
Benchmark Amendment Conforming Changes ......... 91 
Benchmark Amendment Date ................................... 91 
Benchmark Amendment Event .................................. 91 
Benchmark Replacement ..................................... 43, 91 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment ................. 44, 91 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes .. 44, 92 
Benchmark Replacement Date ............................ 44, 92 
Benchmark Transition Event ............................... 45, 93 
Benchmarks Regulation ...................................146, 175 
Benchmarks Regulations ........................................... 11 
Bond Basis ................................................................ 47 
Broken Amount ......................................................... 45 
business day .............................................................. 60 
Business Day ............................................................. 45 
Business Day Convention ......................................... 45 
Calculation Agent ...................................................... 46 
Calculation Amount .................................................. 46 
Calculation Period ..................................................... 47 
Change in Law ........................................................ 100 
Clearstream, Luxembourg ................................... 26, 46 
CMS Reference Rate ........................................... 46, 93 
CMS Reference Rate 1 .............................................. 46 
CMS Reference Rate 2 .............................................. 46 
CNY ............................................................................ ii 
CNY Clearing Bank .................................................... 9 
CNY Disruption Event ............................................ 113

--- Page 221 ---
Index of Defined Terms 
206 
CNY Illiquidity ........................................................ 113 
CNY Inconvertibility ............................................... 113 
CNY Non-Transferability ........................................ 113 
CNY Notes .......................................................... 8, 113 
COBS ............................................... 118, 119, 150, 151 
Code............................................................. 5, 104, 182 
Condition ................................................................... 59 
Conditions .............................................................. 2, 42 
CONSOB ................................................................. 196 
control ........................................................................ 43 
Converted Payment .................................................. 111 
Corresponding Tenor ........................................... 47, 93 
CPIFinal...................................................................... 100 
CPIInitial ..................................................................... 100 
CPIm ......................................................................... 100 
CPIn ......................................................................... 100 
CRA Regulation....................... 141, 142, 172, 173, 199 
Cumulative Inflation Coupon..................................... 99 
d .... 71, 72, 74, 75, 76, 77, 78, 79, 80, 81, 82, 83, 84, 85 
d0 .......................... 71, 72, 74, 75, 77, 78, 80, 81, 83, 84 
D1 ......................................................................... 47, 48 
D2 ......................................................................... 47, 48 
Daily Rate Determination .......................................... 51 
Day Count Fraction .............................................. 47, 61 
DBRS ....................................................................... 199 
dc ................................................................................ 73 
Decree No. 201 ........................................................ 190 
Decree No. 239 ........................................................ 187 
Decree No. 252 ........................................................ 186 
Decree No. 461 ........................................................ 185 
Decree No. 58 .......................................................... 196 
Decree No. 917 ........................................................ 185 
Designated Maturity .................................................. 48 
Determination Agent.................................................. 48 
Determination Agent Fallback ................................... 70 
Determination Date .................................................. 100 
Determination Month ............................................... 100 
Determination Month (Final) ................................... 100 
Determination Month (Initial) .................................. 100 
Determination Month (m) ........................................ 100 
Determination Month (n) ......................................... 101 
Determination Month Table ..................................... 101 
Distribution Agent ........................................... 193, 199 
Distribution Agreement ........................................... 193 
distributor .................................................................... v 
DTCC ...................................................................... 201 
Early Redemption .................................................... 111 
Early Redemption Amount ................................ 49, 111 
Early Redemption Amount (Tax) .............................. 49 
Early Redemption Amount (Tax) – Accrued Value .. 49 
Early Redemption Amount (Tax) – Par ..................... 49 
ECB ........................................................................... 49 
ECB €STR Guideline ................................................ 49 
ECB's Website ........................................................... 49 
EEA .................................................... 49, 117, 149, 199 
ERISA ................................................................. 4, 181 
ESMA ......................................................................... 3 
EU Benchmarks Regulation ...................................... 11 
EUR ............................................................................ ii 
EURIBOR ................................................................. 11 
euro ............................................................................. ii 
Eurobond Basis ......................................................... 48 
Euroclear ............................................................. 26, 50 
Eurodollar Convention .............................................. 46 
EUWA ...................... 117, 118, 119, 149, 150, 151, 195 
Event of Default ...................................................... 106 
Exchange Event ....................................................... 177 
Extraordinary Resolution .......................................... 50 
Fair market value ..................................................... 111 
Fair Market Value (Benchmark Trigger Event) ......... 88 
Fair Market Value (Inflation Index Cessation ........... 97 
Fallback Bond ......................................................... 101 
Fallback Compounded SOFR .................................... 50 
Fallback FX Spot Rate ............................................ 111 
Fallback Rate Determination ..................................... 50 
Fallback Screen Page ................................................ 70 
Fallback SOFR .......................................................... 50 
Fallback Term SOFR ................................................ 50 
FATCA ............................................................ i, 5, 183 
FCA ........................................................................... 12 
FDAP income .......................................................... 184 
FDI .............................................................................. 9 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York’s Website ......... 50 
FICC ........................................................................ 201 
Final Bonus Amount ................................................. 50 
Final Redemption Amount ........................................ 50 
Final Terms ........................................................... 2, 42 
Finance Act 2017 .................................................... 186

--- Page 222 ---
Index of Defined Terms 
207 
Finance Act 2019 ..................................................... 186 
first currency ............................................................ 109 
first Person ................................................................. 58 
First Supplement to the Registration Document ........ 37 
Fiscal Agent ............................................................... 42 
Fiscal Decree linked to the Finance Act 2020 .......... 186 
Fitch ......................................................................... 199 
Fixed Coupon Amount ............................................... 51 
Fixed Final Redemption ............................................. 50 
Fixed Final Redemption Amount ............................... 51 
Fixed Interest Rate ..................................................... 51 
Fixed Leg Day Count Basis ....................................... 51 
Fixed Redemption .............................................. 49, 111 
Fixed Redemption (Benchmark Trigger Event) ......... 88 
Fixed Redemption (Benchmark Trigger Event) Less 
Costs .......................................................................... 88 
Fixed Redemption (Inflation Index Cessation ............ 97 
Fixed Redemption (Inflation Index Cessation) Less 
Costs .......................................................................... 97 
Floating Interest Rate ........................................... 51, 61 
Floating Leg Day Count Basis ................................... 51 
Floating Leg Rate ...................................................... 93 
Floating Leg Rate Option........................................... 51 
Floating Rate Convention .......................................... 46 
Following Business Day Convention ......................... 45 
FRN Convention ........................................................ 46 
FSMA .......................................................... v, 117, 149 
FTT .......................................................................... 192 
GBP ............................................................................. ii 
Global Note Certificate ...................................... 26, 177 
Global Note Certificate exchangeable for Individual 
Note Certificates ...................................................... 177 
Hedge Positions ....................................................... 101 
Hedging Disruption ................................................. 101 
holder ................................................................. 59, 179 
Holder ................................................................ 59, 179 
Hong Kong Business Day ........................................ 113 
i ............................. 71, 72, 74, 75, 77, 78, 80, 81, 83, 84 
i+1 ......................... 71, 72, 74, 75, 77, 78, 80, 81, 83, 84 
IBA ............................................................................ 13 
IBORs ....................................................................... 12 
ICMA Rule Book ....................................................... 47 
IGA ...................................................................... 5, 183 
Impacted CMS Reference Rate .................................. 94 
imposta sostitutiva ................................................... 185 
Inconvertibility Early Redemption Amount ............ 111 
Inconvertibility Early Redemption Date .................. 111 
Inconvertibility Event .............................................. 112 
Inconvertibility Specified Currency ........................ 112 
Incorporated Information .......................................... 39 
Incorporation by Reference ........................................ iv 
Increased Cost of Hedging ...................................... 101 
Index Currency .......................................................... 93 
Individual Note Certificates .................................... 177 
Inflation Index ......................................................... 102 
Inflation Index Sponsor ........................................... 102 
Inflation-Linked Notes .............................................. 96 
Initial Inflation Index Level..................................... 102 
Interest ..................................................................... 187 
Interest Amount ......................................................... 51 
Interest Basis ............................................................. 51 
Interest Cap ............................................................. 102 
Interest Commencement Date ................................... 51 
Interest Determination Date ...................................... 51 
Interest Floor ........................................................... 102 
Interest Participation Rate ......................................... 51 
Interest Participation Rate 1 ...................................... 52 
Interest Participation Rate 2 ...................................... 52 
Interest Payment Date ............................................... 52 
Interest Payment Delay ............................................. 52 
Interest Period ................................................... 53, 102 
Interest Period End Date ............................................ 53 
Interest Specified Day(s) ........................................... 53 
Intermediaries .......................................................... 187 
Intermediary ............................................................ 187 
Interpolated Benchmark ............................................ 53 
Investment Fund ...................................................... 186 
Investor ..................................................................... 31 
IRAP ....................................................................... 186 
IRES ........................................................................ 186 
IRS ...................................................................... 5, 183 
ISDA Bespoke Fallbacks ........................................... 53 
ISDA Definitions ................................................ 53, 94 
ISDA Fallback Adjustment ................................. 53, 94 
ISDA Fallback Rate ............................................ 53, 94 
ISDA Generic Fallbacks ............................................ 53 
ISDA Rate ................................................................. 63 
Issue and Paying Agency Agreement .................... 1, 42 
Issue Date .................................................................. 53

--- Page 223 ---
Index of Defined Terms 
208 
Issuer ......................................................................... 41 
Japanese Yen ............................................................... ii 
LBD ........................................................................... 54 
Leverage .................................................................. 102 
Leveraged Inflation Coupon ...................................... 98 
LIBOR ................................................................... 3, 11 
London Banking Day ................................................. 54 
Lookback Days .................................. 71, 74, 77, 80, 83 
M1 ........................................................................ 47, 48 
M2 ........................................................................ 47, 48 
Margin ....................................................................... 54 
Margin 1 .................................................................... 54 
Margin 2 .................................................................... 54 
Maturity Date ............................................................. 54 
Maximum Notice Number of Day(s) ....................... 103 
Member State ........................................................... 194 
Mid-Market Quotations ....................................... 54, 70 
MiFID II ...................................................... v, 117, 149 
MiFID Product Governance Rules ............................... v 
Minimum Notice Number of Day(s) ........................ 103 
Modified Business Day Convention .......................... 45 
Modified Following Business Day Convention ......... 45 
MOFCOM ................................................................... 9 
MOFCOM Circular ..................................................... 9 
Moody’s ................................................................... 199 
Morgan Stanley .......................................................... 41 
MSBV ........................................................................ 41 
MSI plc ...................................................................... 41 
MTF ........................................................................... 11 
n ..................................................................... 49, 50, 54 
New Safekeeping Structure .................................. 2, 177 
New York Federal Reserve ........................................ 22 
New Zealand dollars .................................................... ii 
ni ........................... 71, 72, 74, 75, 77, 78, 80, 81, 83, 84 
no ..................................................................... 144, 174 
No Adjustment ........................................................... 46 
Non-Deliverable Substitute Settlement Date ........... 113 
Non-exempt Offer .................................................... 194 
Non-Exempt Offer Jurisdiction .................................. 31 
Non-Exempt Offers ................................................... 31 
Non-Impacted CMS Reference Rate .......................... 94 
Non-U.S. Holder ...................................................... 182 
Note Certificate .......................................................... 59 
Noteholder ......................................................... 59, 179 
Noteholders ............................................................... 42 
Notes ................................................................... 41, 42 
NSS ..................................................................... 2, 177 
NZD ............................................................................ ii 
Observation Period ............................. 72, 75, 78, 81, 84 
Observation Shift Days ...................... 72, 75, 78, 81, 84 
offer of Notes to the public ..............................194, 195 
Offer Period ............................................................. 140 
Offshore CNY Centre .............................................. 113 
Optional Redemption Amount (Call) ........................ 54 
Optional Redemption Date (Call) .......................... 6, 54 
outstanding ................................................................ 59 
Participating Member State ....................................... 55 
Participation Rate (Call) ............................................ 55 
Paying Agents ........................................................... 42 
Payment Business Day ...................................... 55, 180 
PBOC .......................................................................... 9 
PBOC FDI Measures ................................................... 9 
Pension Fund Tax .................................................... 186 
Pension Funds ......................................................... 186 
Periodic Rate Determination ..................................... 51 
Person ........................................................................ 55 
PRC ............................................................................. 8 
Preceding Business Day Convention ......................... 46 
Pricing Supplement ................................................... 42 
PRIIPs Regulation ........................................ v, 117, 149 
Principal Financial Centre ......................................... 55 
Program ................................................................. 1, 41 
Prospectus Regulation .............. 117, 119, 149, 152, 194 
Public Offer ............................................................. 195 
R&I ......................................................................... 199 
Rate of Interest .................................................... 55, 61 
Rate Table ................................................................. 55 
Real Estate Fund ..................................................... 186 
Real Estate SICAF .................................................. 186 
Real Inflation Coupon ............................................... 99 
Rebased Inflation Index............................................. 97 
Record Date ............................................................. 104 
Redemption Amount ................................................. 55 
Redenomination Date .............................................. 110 
Reference Banks ........................................................ 55 
Reference Month ..................................................... 102 
Reference Price ......................................................... 55 
Reference Rate .......................................................... 55

--- Page 224 ---
Index of Defined Terms 
209 
Reference Time .................................................... 56, 94 
regime del risparmio gestito ..................................... 187 
Register ...................................................................... 56 
Registrar .................................................................... 42 
Registration Document .............................................. 37 
Regulation No. 11971 .............................................. 196 
Regulation S ............................................ 193, 194, 198 
Related Bond ........................................................... 102 
Relevant Clearing System .................................... 26, 56 
Relevant Currency ................................................... 112 
Relevant Date ............................................................ 56 
Relevant Day ............................................................. 62 
Relevant Disrupted Amount .................................... 113 
Relevant Financial Centre .......................................... 56 
Relevant Governmental Body .................................... 56 
Relevant Jurisdiction................................................ 112 
Relevant Level ........................................................... 96 
Relevant London Banking Day .................................. 76 
Relevant Nominating Body ........................................ 94 
Relevant Number ..................................... 76, 79, 82, 85 
Relevant Rate ....................................................... 51, 54 
Relevant Rates Benchmark ........................................ 56 
Relevant Screen Page................................................. 56 
Relevant State .......................................................... 151 
Relevant Swap Rate ................................................... 70 
Relevant TARGET Settlement Day ........................... 79 
Relevant Time ............................................................ 56 
Relevant Tokyo Banking Day .................................... 85 
Relevant Zurich Banking Day.................................... 82 
Renminbi ..................................................................... ii 
Reserved Matter ......................................................... 56 
Retained EU Law ..................................................... 117 
RFR ........................................................................... 21 
S&P ......................................................................... 199 
SAION Index ............................................................. 82 
SAION Index Average ............................................... 82 
SAION IndexEnd ......................................................... 82 
SAION IndexStart ........................................................ 82 
SARON...................................................................... 56 
SARON Benchmark .................................................. 80 
SARON Compound with Lookback .......................... 80 
SARON Compound with Observation Period Shift ... 80 
SARON Compound with Payment Delay .................. 81 
SARON Rate Cut-Off Date ....................................... 57 
SARONi .................................................................... 81 
SARONi-xZBD ............................................................. 80 
Scheduled Maturity Date ........................................... 57 
SEC ........................................................................... 33 
second currency ....................................................... 109 
second Person ............................................................ 58 
Securities Act ............................................... i, 194, 198 
Selling Agent ............................................................. 26 
Series ..................................................................... 1, 42 
Settlement Agreements................................................ 9 
SGRs ....................................................................... 187 
SICAF ..................................................................... 186 
SICAV..................................................................... 186 
SIMs ........................................................................ 189 
Single CMS Rate ....................................................... 69 
SOFR......................................................................... 57 
SOFR Benchmark ..................................................... 71 
SOFR Compound with Lookback ............................. 71 
SOFR Compound with Observation Period Shift ...... 71 
SOFR Compound with Payment Delay ..................... 72 
SOFR Index ............................................................... 73 
SOFR Index Average ................................................ 72 
SOFR Index Determination Time .............................. 73 
SOFR IndexEnd .......................................................... 73 
SOFR IndexStart .......................................................... 73 
SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date .......................................... 57 
SOFRi .................................................................. 71, 72 
SOFRi-xUSBD ............................................................... 71 
SONIA ...................................................................... 57 
SONIA Benchmark ................................................... 74 
SONIA Compound with Lookback ........................... 74 
SONIA Compound with Observation Period Shift .... 74 
SONIA Compound with Payment Delay ................... 75 
SONIA Index ............................................................ 76 
SONIA Index Average .............................................. 76 
SONIA IndexEnd ........................................................ 76 
SONIA IndexStart ........................................................ 76 
SONIA Rate Cut-Off Date ........................................ 57 
SONIAi ................................................................ 75, 76 
SONIAi-pLBD .............................................................. 74 
Specified Currency .................................................... 57 
Specified Day(s) ........................................................ 57 
Specified Denomination(s) ........................................ 57 
Specified Fixed Leg .................................................. 57

--- Page 225 ---
Index of Defined Terms 
210 
Specified Office ......................................................... 57 
Specified Period ......................................................... 58 
Specified Rate ............................................................ 58 
Specified Swap Rate .................................................. 58 
Spot USD/CNY(HK) Fixing .................................... 113 
Spread ........................................................................ 58 
Spread CMS Rate ...................................................... 69 
Sterling ........................................................................ ii 
Subsidiary .................................................................. 58 
Substitute ................................................................. 114 
Substitute Inflation Index Level ............................... 102 
sub-unit .......................................................... 61, 86, 99 
Successor Inflation Index ............................. 96, 97, 102 
Suspended Payment ................................................. 111 
Swap Rate .................................................................. 15 
Swap Rates ................................................................ 15 
TARGET ................................................................... 45 
TARGET Settlement Day .................................... 45, 58 
TARGET System ....................................................... 58 
Tax Declaration Regime .......................................... 188 
Taxes ......................................................................... 58 
TBD ........................................................................... 58 
Tokyo Banking Day ................................................... 58 
TONA ........................................................................ 58 
TONA Benchmark ..................................................... 83 
TONA Compound with Lookback ............................. 83 
TONA Compound with Observation Period Shift ..... 83 
TONA Compound with Payment Delay .................... 84 
TONA Index .............................................................. 85 
TONA Index Average ................................................ 85 
TONA IndexEnd .......................................................... 85 
TONA IndexStart ......................................................... 85 
TONA Rate Cut-Off Date .......................................... 58 
TONAi ....................................................................... 84 
TONAi-pTBD ................................................................ 83 
Trade Date ................................................................. 58 
Tranche ................................................................. 1, 42 
Tranches ...................................................................... 1 
Transfer Agents ......................................................... 42 
Treaty ........................................................................ 58 
U.S. ......................................................................... 193 
U.S. Alien ................................................................ 106 
U.S. dollars .................................................................. ii 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day .......... 45, 58 
U.S. Holder ............................................................. 182 
U.S. Person .............................................................. 198 
U.S.$ ........................................................................... ii 
UK ........................................................................... 149 
UK ....................................................................... v, 117 
UK Benchmarks Regulation ....................... 11, 147, 175 
UK MIFIR ........................................ 118, 119, 150, 151 
UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules ........................ v 
UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules118, 119, 150, 
151 
UK PRIIPs Regulation ................................................ v 
UK PRIIPS Regulation ............................................ 117 
UK PRIIPS Regulations .......................................... 150 
UK Prospectus Regulation ........... 1, 117, 149, 152, 195 
Unadjusted ................................................................ 46 
Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement .................. 58, 94 
United States Federal Taxation..................................... i 
US$ ............................................................................. ii 
USD/CNY Spot Rate ............................................... 113 
Warrants ...................................................................... 2 
Y1 ........................................................................ 47, 48 
Y2 ........................................................................ 47, 48 
yes ....................................................................144, 174 
ZBD .......................................................................... 59 
Zero Coupon Note ..................................................... 58 
Zurich Banking Day .................................................. 59

--- Page 226 ---
PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICE OF MORGAN STANLEY
1585 Broadway 
New York, New York 10036 
U.S.A. 
REGISTERED OFFICE OF MORGAN STANLEY IN DELAWARE 
The Corporation Trust Center 
1209 Orange Street 
Wilmington, Delaware 19801 
U.S.A. 
FISCAL AGENT 
The Bank of New York Mellon 
One Canada Square 
London E14 5AL 
UK 
REGISTRAR and TRANSFER AGENT 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch 
Vertigo Building – Polaris 
2-4 rue Eugène Ruppert 
L-2453 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
DISTRIBUTION AGENT 
Morgan Stanley & Co International plc 
25 Cabot Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 4QA 
UK 
LEGAL ADVISERS TO THE ISSUER 
Linklaters LLP 
Linklaters LLP 
1345 Avenue of the Americas 
One Silk Street 
New York 
London EC2Y 8HQ 
New York 10105 
UK 
U.S.A. 
AUDITORS OF MORGAN STANLEY 
Deloitte & Touche LLP 
30 Rockefeller Plaza

--- Page 227 ---
New York, New York 10112-0015 
U.S.A. 
A44665880