--- Page 1 ---
PL/PL/398925/2/UKM/106150756.12
1
BASE PROSPECTUS 
Dated 14 April 2021 
MOSEL CAPITAL LIMITED 
(Incorporated with limited liability in Jersey) 
US$10,000,000,000 
Aspect Certificate programme 
This Base Prospectus describes the US$10,000,000,000 certificate programme linked to shares of 
Aspect Diversified Trends Trading Company I or shares in a sub-fund of Aspect Investment 
Programmes ICAV as specified for each particular Series (the "Programme") of Mosel Capital 
Limited (the "Issuer") and is valid for one year from 14 April 2021. The obligation to supplement it in 
the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies will not apply after the 
date falling 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus. Any Certificate (as defined below) 
issued under the Programme on or after the date of this Base Prospectus is subject to the provisions 
described herein. 
Under the Programme, the Issuer, subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives, may from time to time issue certificates (the "Certificates") on the terms set out in this 
Base Prospectus, as completed by the final terms prepared in connection with such Certificates (the, 
"Final Terms"). Only Certificates which are linked to Company I Shares may be completed by Final 
Terms.  Certificates may also be issued under the Programme on terms set out in a pricing 
supplement or a prospectus relating to the Certificates that incorporates by reference the whole or 
any part of this Base Prospectus (a "Pricing Supplement" or a "Series Prospectus" respectively) 
(or by any other similar document, which together with a Pricing Supplement and a Series 
Prospectus, are the "Alternative Drawdown Documents"). Any Certificates which are linked to Sub-
Fund Shares will be issued on terms set out in an Alternative Drawdown Document. 
This Base Prospectus should be read in conjunction with the applicable Final Terms or Alternative 
Drawdown Document (the "Issue Terms") prepared in connection therewith. The aggregate principal 
amount of Certificates outstanding will not at any time exceed US$10,000,000,000 (or the equivalent 
in other currencies). 
The Certificates will offer exposure on a 1:1 basis to the Class A US dollar shares in Aspect 
Diversified Trends Trading Company I, an exempted company incorporated with limited liability in the 
Cayman Islands ("Company I") (the "Company I Shares") or shares of a class or series in relation to 
a sub-fund ("Sub-Fund") of Aspect Investment Programmes ICAV (the "ICAV"), an umbrella Irish 
collective asset-management vehicle with variable capital and with segregated liability between sub-
funds incorporated in Ireland on 3 May 2018 under the Irish Collective Asset-management Vehicles 
Act 2015 and authorised by the Central Bank of Ireland as a qualifying investor alternative 
investment fund (the "Sub-Fund Shares"), as specified for each particular Series. 
References to the "Company" shall mean either, in the case of the Certificates linked to the Company 
I Shares, references to Company I and, in the case of the Certificates linked to the Sub-Fund Shares, 
references to the relevant Sub-Fund. References to the "Shares" shall mean either, in the case of 
Company I, references to the Company I Shares and, in the case of the relevant Sub-Fund, 
references to the relevant Sub-Fund Shares, as applicable to the relevant Certificate relating to each 
particular Series. 
Each Certificate of a Series will be linked to either one Company I Share or one Sub-Fund Share, as 
applicable to such Series. Each Series shall be limited to only the Company I Shares or the relevant 
Sub-Fund Shares, but not to both the Company I Shares and the relevant Sub-Fund Shares. The 
Issuer, in respect of a Series, may either purchase the Company I Shares or the relevant Sub-Fund 
Shares.

--- Page 2 ---
PL/PL/398925/2/UKM/106150756.12
2
Certificates will be issued in Series (as defined in "Overview of the Programme") and each Series 
will consist of Certificates and/or Custodian Certificates (the "Series"). Each Series will not be 
secured and the Certificates (other than the Custodian Certificates) will rely for their payment on, 
inter alia, and, in the case of (iv) below have the benefit of, the contractual rights of the Issuer in 
respect of: 
(i)  
Shares owned by the Issuer (the "Underlying Assets"), and all proceeds of, income from 
and sums arising from such Underlying Assets;  
(ii)  
all sums held by or on behalf of the Issuer in relation to the Underlying Assets of such 
Series; 
(iii)  
the Issuer's right, title and interest under any agreement by which the Issuer purchases the 
Underlying Assets in respect of the relevant Series and the Agency Agreement as may be 
described in the relevant Issue Terms; and 
(iv) 
the rights of the Issuer under other Series of Certificates which limit the recourse of holders 
of Certificates of such other Series, 
(the "Series Assets").  
The Custodian Certificates of a Series will not have recourse to the Series Assets for that Series or 
any other asset. All present and future creditors of specific Series Assets of a Series (including 
service providers for such particular Series) will have their recourse limited to the Series Assets of 
such Series and, in the case of the Note Trustee only, shall have a lien on such Series Assets for 
monies payable to the Note Trustee for such Series. Certificateholders do not have the benefit of any 
security over the Series Assets and there can be no guarantee that unspecified third parties will not 
make any claims against the Series Assets, and that any Series Assets will be available to meet the 
claims of the holders of Certificates at any time. 
Claims against the Issuer by holders of the Certificates (the "Certificateholders") of a particular 
Series will be limited to the Series Assets applicable to that Series. If the net proceeds of the 
enforcement or liquidation of the Series Assets for any Series are not sufficient for the Issuer to make 
all payments due in respect of the Certificates of that Series, the other assets of the Issuer will not be 
available for payment of any shortfall arising therefrom. Any such shortfall shall be borne by 
Certificateholders of each Series as specified in the relevant Issue Terms. The Issuer will not be 
obliged to make any further payment in excess of such net proceeds and accordingly no debt shall 
be owed by the Issuer in respect of any such shortfall remaining after liquidation of the Series Assets 
and application of the proceeds in accordance with the Trust Deed. Neither the Note Trustee nor any 
Certificateholder may take any further action to recover such shortfall. 
The Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland, (the "Central Bank") as 
competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the "Prospectus Regulation"). 
The Central Bank only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, 
comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not 
be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or the quality of the Certificates that are the subject 
of this Base Prospectus and investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of 
investing in the Certificates. Such approval relates only to the Certificates which are to be admitted to 
trading on a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU and/or which are to be 
offered to the public in any Member State of the European Economic Area. Application may be made 
to the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin (the "Euronext Dublin") for Certificates 
issued under the Programme within 12 months of the date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to 
the Official List (the "Official List") and trading on its regulated market (the "Regulated Market"). 
References in this Base Prospectus to Certificates being "listed" (and all related references) shall 
mean that such Certificates have been admitted to trading on the Regulated Market and have been 
admitted to the Official List. The Regulated Market is a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 
2014/65/EU. 
Notwithstanding the above, unlisted Certificates linked to Company I Shares or Sub-Fund Shares 
may be issued pursuant to the Programme and the Programme provides that Certificates may be 
listed on such other stock exchange(s) outside the EU or markets as may be specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms. The relevant Issue Terms in respect of the issue of any Certificates, will specify 
whether or not application has been made for such Certificates to be listed on Euronext Dublin and to 
be admitted to trading on the Regulated Market.

--- Page 3 ---
PL/PL/398925/2/UKM/106150756.12
3
Payments in respect of the Certificates comprising each Series will be made without withholding or 
deduction for or on account of any taxes unless required by law. The Issuer will not be obliged to 
gross up payments in respect of the Certificates and any imposition of withholding taxes on 
payments in respect thereof may lead to redemption of Certificates. See "Terms and Conditions of 
the Certificates – Redemption". 
The Certificates of a Series will be held through a clearing system and represented by a Global 
Certificate, the Global Certificate will be held by a common depositary appointed by Euroclear Bank 
S.A./N.V. ("Euroclear") and Clearstream Banking, société anonyme ("Clearstream, Luxembourg"). 
The Certificates will be obligations solely of the Issuer and will not be guaranteed by, or be the 
responsibility of, any other entity.

--- Page 4 ---
PL/PL/398925/2/UKM/106150756.12
4
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation and for the purpose of giving necessary information with regard to the Issuer 
and the Certificates which, according to the particular nature and circumstances of the 
Issuer and the Certificates, is material to enable investors to make an informed assessment 
of the assets and liabilities, financial position, profit and losses and prospects of the Issuer, 
the rights attaching to the Certificates and the reasons for the issuance and its impact on 
the Issuer. 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus. To 
the best of the knowledge of the Issuer the information contained in this Base Prospectus is 
in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such 
information. The information relating to Company I on page 79 has been extracted from the 
revised and supplemented offering memorandum for the Company I Shares issued by 
Company I and dated 6 January 2021 (the "Company I Share Prospectus"). The 
information relating to the ICAV on page 80 has been extracted from the prospectus for the 
ICAV issued by the ICAV and dated 18 May 2020 (the "ICAV Prospectus"). The Issuer 
confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and so far as the Issuer is 
aware and is able to ascertain from information published by Company I and the ICAV, no 
facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information misleading.  
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other 
than those contained in this Base Prospectus and in the relevant Issue Terms in connection 
with the issue or sale of a Series of Certificates and, if given or made, such information or 
representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or the 
Dealer (each as defined in "Overview of the Programme"). Neither the delivery of this 
Base Prospectus nor any sale made in connection herewith shall, under any 
circumstances, create any implication that there has been no change in the affairs of the 
Issuer since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most 
recently amended or supplemented or that there has been no adverse change in the 
financial position of the Issuer since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base 
Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented or that any other 
information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as of any time 
subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the 
document containing the same. 
In the case of any Certificates which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market 
within the European Economic Area or offered to the public in a Member State of the 
European Economic Area in circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus 
under the Prospectus Regulation, the subscription price of the Certificates subscribed for 
shall be in a minimum amount in US$ (or the equivalent in other currencies) such that the 
equivalent amount in Euros as at the date of issue of the Certificates shall be €100,000. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering or sale of Certificates in certain 
jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus 
comes are required by the Issuer, and the Dealer to inform themselves about and to 
observe any such restriction. The Certificates have not been and will not be registered 
under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), or with any 
securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States. The 
Issuer has not registered and will not register under the U.S. Investment Company Act of 
1940, as amended (the "Investment Company Act"). Consequently, the Certificates may 
not be offered, sold, resold, delivered or transferred within the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act 
("Regulation S")), except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom 
or in a transaction not subject to the registration requirements of the Securities Act and 
under circumstances designed to preclude the Issuer from having to register under the 
Investment Company Act. The Certificates may only be offered for sale outside the United 
States to non-U.S. persons in reliance on, and in accordance with, Regulation S and in

--- Page 5 ---
PL/PL/398925/2/UKM/106150756.12
5
compliance with applicable laws, regulations and directives. See "Subscription and Sale 
and Selling Restrictions". 
For a description of certain restrictions on offers and sales of Certificates and on distribution 
of this Base Prospectus, see "Subscription and Sale and Selling Restrictions". 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Certificates are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). 
For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail 
client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID 
II"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (as amended, the 
"Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the "Prospectus 
Regulation"). Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Certificates or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Certificates or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPS Regulation. 
MIFID II product governance / target market – The Issue Terms in respect of any 
Certificates may include a legend entitled “MiFID II product governance” which will outline 
the target market assessment in respect of the Certificates and which channels for 
distribution of the Certificates are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Certificates (a "distributor") should take into consideration the target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking 
its own target market assessment in respect of the Certificates (by either adopting or 
refining the manufacturer's target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the 
Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "MiFID Product 
Governance Rules"), any Dealer subscribing for any Certificates is a manufacturer in 
respect of such Certificates, but otherwise neither the Dealers nor any of their respective 
affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS - The Certificates are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under 
the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA . Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs

--- Page 6 ---
PL/PL/398925/2/UKM/106150756.12
6
Regulation") for offering or selling the Certificates or otherwise making them available to 
retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the 
Certificates or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be 
unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
UK MIFIR product governance / target market - The Issue Terms in respect of any 
Certificates may include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” which will 
outline the target market assessment in respect of the Certificates and which channels for 
distribution of the Certificates are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Certificates (a "distributor") should take into consideration the target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Certificates (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer's target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the 
UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Certificates is a 
manufacturer in respect of such Certificates, but otherwise neither the Dealers nor any of 
their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product 
Governance Rules.  
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, 
references to "US$" and "US dollars" are to United States dollars and references to "€" 
and "Euros" are to the lawful currency of the Member States of the European Union that 
have adopted a single currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European 
Communities, as amended by the Treaty of European Union. 
The language of the Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and 
technical terms have been cited in their original language in order that the correct technical 
meaning may be ascribed to them under applicable law.

--- Page 7 ---
PL/PL/398925/2/UKM/106150756.12
7
DISCLAIMERS 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of the 
Issuer and the Dealer to subscribe for, or purchase, any Certificates. 
Purchasers of Certificates should conduct such independent investigation and analysis 
regarding the Issuer, the security arrangements (if any) and the Certificates as they 
consider appropriate to evaluate the merits and risks of an investment in the Certificates. 
The Dealer does not make any representation, recommendation or warranty, express or 
implied, regarding the accuracy, adequacy, reasonableness or completeness of the 
information contained herein or in any further information, notice or other document which 
may at any time be supplied in connection with the Certificates and none of them accepts 
any responsibility or liability therefor. The Dealer does not undertake to review the financial 
condition or affairs of the Issuer during the life of the arrangements contemplated by this 
Base Prospectus nor to advise any investor or potential investor in the Certificates of any 
information coming to the attention of the Dealer. 
The Issuer having made all reasonable enquiries confirms that this document contains all 
information with respect to the Issuer and the Certificates that is material in the context of 
the issue and offering of the Certificates, the statements contained in it relating to the Issuer 
are in every material particular true and accurate and not misleading, the opinions and 
intentions expressed in this Base Prospectus with regard to the Issuer are honestly held, 
have been reached after considering all relevant circumstances and are based on 
reasonable assumptions, there are no other facts in relation to the Issuer or the Certificates 
the omission of which would, in the context of the issue and offering of the Certificates, 
make any statement in this Base Prospectus misleading in any material respect and all 
reasonable enquiries have been made by the Issuer to ascertain such facts and to verify 
the accuracy of all such information and statements. 
Prospective investors should have regard to the factors described under the section 
headed "Risk Factors" in this Base Prospectus. This Base Prospectus does not describe all 
of the risks of an investment in the Certificates. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other 
financial statements are intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation and 
should not be considered as a recommendation by any of the Issuer or the Dealer that any 
recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other financial statements should purchase the 
Certificates. Prospective purchasers of Certificates should conduct such independent 
investigation and analysis regarding the Issuer, the security arrangements (if any), the 
Certificates, the Company (applicable to their Series) and the Shares (applicable to their 
Series) as they deem appropriate to evaluate the merits and risks of an investment in the 
Certificates. Prospective purchasers of Certificates should have sufficient knowledge and 
experience in financial and business matters, and access to, and knowledge of, appropriate 
analytical resources, to evaluate the information contained in this Base Prospectus, any 
supplement to this Base Prospectus (each a "Supplement") and the applicable Issue 
Terms (if any) and the merits and risks of investing in the Certificates in the context of their 
financial position and circumstances. The Dealer does not undertake to review the financial 
condition or affairs of the Issuer during the life of the arrangements contemplated by this 
Base Prospectus nor to advise any investor or potential investor in the Certificates of any 
information coming to the attention of the Dealer. The Dealer disclaims any responsibility to 
advise investors of the risks and investment considerations associated therewith as they 
may exist at the date hereof or as they may from time to time alter. 
A copy of this document has been delivered to the registrar of companies in Jersey (the 
"Jersey Registrar") in accordance with Article 5 of the Companies (General Provisions) 
(Jersey) Order 2002, as amended, and the Jersey Registrar has given, and has not 
withdrawn, his consent to its circulation. The Jersey Financial Services Commission (the 
"Commission") has given, and has not withdrawn, or will have given prior to the issue of 
the Certificates and not withdrawn, its consent under Article 4 of the Control of Borrowing 
(Jersey) Order 1958 to the issue of the Certificates. The Commission is protected by the

--- Page 8 ---
PL/PL/398925/2/UKM/106150756.12
8
Control of Borrowing (Jersey) Law 1947, as amended, against liability arising from the 
discharge of its functions under that law. It must be distinctly understood that, in giving 
these consents, neither the Jersey Registrar nor the Commission takes any responsibility 
for the financial soundness of the Issuer or for the correctness of any statements made, or 
opinions expressed, with regard to it. 
If you are in any doubt about the contents of this document you should consult your 
stockbroker, bank manager, solicitor, accountant or other financial adviser. It should be 
remembered that the price of securities and the income from them can go down as well as 
up. 
The directors of the Issuer have taken all reasonable care to ensure that the facts stated in 
this document are true and accurate in all material respects, and that there are no other 
facts the omission of which would make misleading any statement in the document, 
whether of facts or of opinion. All the directors accept responsibility accordingly. 
The investments described in this document do not constitute a collective 
investment fund for the purpose of the Collective Investment Funds (Jersey) Law 
1988, as amended, on the basis that they are investment products designed for 
financially sophisticated investors with specialist knowledge of, and experience of 
investing in, such investments, who are capable of fully evaluating the risks involved 
in making such investments and who have an asset base sufficiently substantial as 
to enable them to sustain any loss that they might suffer as a result of making such 
investments. These investments are not regarded by the Commission as suitable 
investments for any other type of investor. 
Neither the investments described in this document nor the activities of any 
functionary with regard to such investments are subject to all the provisions of the 
Financial Services (Jersey) Law 1998. 
Any individual intending to invest in any investment described in this document 
should consult his or her professional adviser and ensure that he or she fully 
understands all the risks associated with making such an investment and has 
sufficient financial resources to sustain any loss that may arise from it. 
The Certificates are complex instruments that involve substantial risks and are suitable only 
for sophisticated investors who have sufficient knowledge and experience and access to 
such professional advisers as they shall consider necessary in order to make their own 
evaluation of the risks and the merits of such an investment (including without limitation the 
tax, accounting, credit, legal, regulatory and financial implications for them of such an 
investment) and who have considered the suitability of such Certificates in light of their own 
circumstances and financial condition. Prospective investors should ensure that they 
understand the nature of the risks posed by an investment in the Certificates, and the 
extent of their exposure as a result of such investment in the Certificates and, before 
making their investment decision, should consider carefully all of the information set forth in 
this Base Prospectus, any applicable Supplements and the applicable Issue Terms and, in 
particular, the considerations set forth below. Owing to the structured nature of the 
Certificates, their price may be more volatile than that of unstructured securities. 
Investors: Each prospective investor in the Certificates should have sufficient financial 
resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the relevant Certificates, 
including where principal may reduce or be lost in its entirety as a result of the occurrence 
of different events whether related to the creditworthiness of any entity or otherwise or 
changes in particular rates, prices or indices, or where the currency for principal payments 
is different from the prospective investor's currency. 
Investment activities of certain investors are subject to investment laws and regulations, or 
review or regulation by certain authorities. Each prospective investor should therefore

--- Page 9 ---
PL/PL/398925/2/UKM/106150756.12
9
consult its professional advisers to determine whether and to what extent (i) the Certificates 
are legal investments for it, and/or (ii) other restrictions apply to its purchase or, if relevant, 
pledge of any Certificates. Financial institutions should consult their professional advisers 
or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Certificates under 
any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
Each potential investor should consult its own financial and legal advisers about the risk 
entailed by an investment in the Certificates and the suitability of such Certificates in light of 
its particular circumstances. 
No fiduciary role: None of the Issuer, the Dealer or any of the other parties to the Relevant 
Agreements (the "Series Transaction Parties") or any of their respective affiliates is acting 
as an investment adviser, and none of them (other than the Note Trustee under the Trust 
Deed in respect of the Certificateholders only) assumes any fiduciary obligation to any 
purchaser of Certificates or any other party, including the Issuer. In respect of each Series 
the Note Trustee holds the benefit of the Issuer's covenant to pay on trust for the 
Certificateholders of such Series pursuant to the Trust Deed and has certain fiduciary 
duties towards the Certificateholders such as its duty to act in good faith and not to make 
an unauthorised profit. 
None of the Issuer, the Dealer or any of the other Series Transaction Parties assumes any 
responsibility for conducting or failing to conduct any investigation into the business, 
financial condition, prospects, creditworthiness, status and/or affairs of any Company. 
Investors may not rely on the views or advice of the Issuer, the Dealer or any of the other 
Series Transaction Parties in respect of any Series for any information in relation to any 
person other than the entity giving the views or advice. 
No reliance: A prospective purchaser may not rely on the Issuer, the Dealer or any of the 
other Series Transaction Parties in respect of any Series or any of their respective affiliates 
in connection with its determination as to the legality of its acquisition of the Certificates or 
as to the other matters referred to above. 
No representations: None of the Issuer, the Dealer or any of the other Series Transaction 
Parties in respect of any Series makes any representation or warranty, express or implied, 
in respect of any Underlying Assets, or any Company, as applicable, or in respect of any 
information contained in any documents prepared, provided or filed by or on behalf of any 
such issuer or obligor or in respect of such Underlying Assets, with any exchange, 
governmental, supervisory or self regulatory authority or any other person. 
None of the Issuer, the Dealer or any of the other Series Transaction Parties makes any 
representation or warranty in respect of the Underlying Assets. 
Certificates obligations of the Issuer only: The Certificates will be obligations solely of 
the Issuer and will not be the responsibility of, or guaranteed by, any of Morgan Stanley & 
Co. International plc, its affiliates or any other party named in this Base Prospectus and no 
person other than the Issuer will accept any liability whatsoever in respect of any failure by 
the Issuer to pay any amount due under the Certificates.
Change of law: The Conditions, the issue of the Certificates and the ratings which may be 
assigned (if applicable) to the Certificates are based on English law in effect as at the date 
of issue of the Certificates. No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible 
judicial decision or change to English law or administrative practice after the date of issue 
of the Certificates.

--- Page 10 ---
PL/PL/398925/2/UKM/106150756.12
10
THE CERTIFICATES HAVE NOT BEEN APPROVED OR DISAPPROVED BY THE U.S. 
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR ANY STATE SECURITIES 
COMMISSION OR OTHER REGULATORY AUTHORITY IN THE UNITED STATES AND 
NONE OF THE U.S. SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR ANY STATE 
SECURITIES COMMISSION OR OTHER REGULATORY AUTHORITY OF THE UNITED 
STATES HAS PASSED UPON THE ACCURACY OR THE ADEQUACY OF THIS BASE 
PROSPECTUS. ANY REPRESENTATION TO THE  CONTRARY IS A CRIMINAL 
OFFENCE IN THE UNITED STATES. 
THE CERTIFICATES HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT OR WITH ANY SECURITIES REGULATORY AUTHORITY OF ANY 
STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION OF THE UNITED STATES THE ISSUER HAS NOT 
REGISTERED AND WILL NOT REGISTER UNDER THE INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT. 
THE CERTIFICATES MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD OR DELIVERED WITHIN THE 
UNITED STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OF, U.S. PERSONS (AS DEFINED IN 
REGULATION S). THIS BASE PROSPECTUS HAS BEEN PREPARED BY THE ISSUER 
FOR USE IN CONNECTION WITH THE OFFER AND SALE OF THE CERTIFICATES 
OUTSIDE 
THE 
UNITED 
STATES 
TO 
NON-U.S. 
PERSONS 
PURSUANT 
TO 
REGULATION S, FOR THE LISTING OF THE CERTIFICATES ON EURONEXT DUBLIN 
AND TRADING ON THE REGULATED MARKET. FOR A DESCRIPTION OF THESE AND 
CERTAIN 
FURTHER 
RESTRICTIONS 
ON 
OFFERS 
AND 
SALES 
OF 
THE 
CERTIFICATES 
AND 
DISTRIBUTION 
OF 
THIS 
BASE 
PROSPECTUS, 
SEE 
"SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS". 
Forward-Looking Statements 
Certain matters contained within this Base Prospectus are forward-looking statements. All 
statements other than statements of historical facts included in this Base Prospectus, 
including, without limitation, those regarding the Issuer's financial position, business 
strategy, plans and objectives of management for future operations, are forward-looking 
statements. Such forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, 
uncertainties and other factors which may cause the actual results, performance or 
achievements of the Issuer to be materially different from any future results, performance or 
achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Such forward- 
looking statements are based on numerous assumptions regarding the Issuer's present and 
future business strategies and the environment in which the Issuer will operate in the future. 
These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this Base Prospectus. The 
Issuer expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release publicly  any updates or 
revisions  to any forward-looking statement contained herein to reflect any change in the 
Issuer's expectations with regard thereto or any change in events, conditions or 
circumstances on which such statement is based.

--- Page 11 ---
PL/PL/398925/2/UKM/106150756.12
11
Table of Contents 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME ............................................................................................. 12
RISK FACTORS ............................................................................................................................. 26
SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION ............................................................................................. 41
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE CERTIFICATES WHILE 
REPRESENTED BY THE GLOBAL CERTIFICATE ...................................................................... 71
CLEARING AND SETTLEMENT .................................................................................................... 74
MOSEL CAPITAL LIMITED ............................................................................................................ 76
SERIES ASSETS – DESCRIPTION OF THE SHARES AND THE COMPANIES ........................ 79
JERSEY TAXATION ..................................................................................................................... 114
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS .................................................. 118
GENERAL INFORMATION .......................................................................................................... 124
FORM OF APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS ..................................................................................... 126
INDEX 137

--- Page 12 ---
PL/PL/398925/2/UKM/106150756.12
12
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview is qualified in its entirety by the remainder of this Base Prospectus 
and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Series of Certificates, the Issue 
Terms relating to the Series of which any Certificate is a part: 
Issuer 
Mosel Capital Limited.  The registered office of the 
Issuer is 47 Esplanade, St Helier, Jersey JE1 0BD. 
The share capital of the Issuer is £10,000 divided 
into 10,000 shares of £1.00 each of which two 
shares have been issued and are fully paid up. 
Issuer's Legal Entity Identifier 
Description 
635400L2AHCSFB34RL18 
US$10,000,000,000 certificate programme. 
Size 
Up to US$10,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other 
currencies at the trade date of the relevant 
Certificates) 
aggregate 
principal 
amount 
of 
Certificates outstanding at any one time. 
Dealer 
Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc 
Certificate Custodian 
Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc 
Calculation Agent 
Crestbridge Fund Administrators Limited 
Paying Agent and Transfer Agent 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch 
Registrar  
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg 
Branch 
Note Trustee  
BNY Mellon Corporate Trustee Services Limited 
Corporate Administrator  
Crestbridge 
Corporate 
Services 
Limited. 
The 
registered office of the corporate administrator is at 
47 Esplanade, St Helier, Jersey JE1 0BD 
Issue Terms 
Certificates which are linked to Company I Shares 
may be issued under the Programme on terms set 
out in a document that constitutes Final Terms for 
the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus 
Regulation (“Final Terms”). 
Certificates may also be issued on terms set out in a 
pricing supplement, series prospectus or similar 
document relating to the Certificates, incorporating 
by reference the whole or any part of this Base 
Prospectus, which does not constitute Final Terms 
for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus 
Regulation (an “Alternative Drawdown Document”). 
Any Certificates linked to Sub-Fund Shares will be 
issued by way of an Alternative Drawdown 
Document.  
The Final Terms or Alternative Drawdown Document 
issued by the Issuer in relation to any Certificates 
constitutes the “Issue Terms” with respect to such

--- Page 13 ---
PL/PL/398925/2/UKM/106150756.12
13
Certificates. 
Status of Certificates  
The Certificates of a Series will be issued as 
Certificates and Custodian Certificates only. 
The Certificates of each Series (other than the 
Custodian Certificates) will be limited recourse 
obligations of the Issuer, ranking pari passu without 
any preference among themselves, will not be 
secured and will have the rights described in "Terms 
and Conditions of the Certificates – Status, Security 
and Assets of the Issuer – Series Assets". 
Recourse in respect of any Series will be limited to 
the Series Assets in respect of that Series. If the net 
proceeds of such Series Assets are not sufficient for 
the Issuer to make all payments due in respect of 
the Certificates of that Series, the other assets of the 
Issuer will not be available for payment of any 
shortfall arising therefrom. Any such shortfall shall 
be borne by the Certificateholders of such Series as 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms. The Issuer will 
not be obliged to make any further payment in 
excess of such net proceeds and accordingly no 
debt shall be owed by the Issuer in respect of such 
shortfall remaining after liquidation of the Series 
Assets 
and 
application 
of 
the 
proceeds 
in 
accordance with the Trust Deed. Neither the Note 
Trustee nor any Certificateholder may take any 
further action to recover such shortfall. In particular, 
neither the Note Trustee nor any holder of 
Certificates, shall be entitled to institute or join with 
any other person in bringing, instituting or joining 
insolvency, winding up or bankruptcy proceedings 
(whether court based or otherwise) in relation to the 
Issuer or any of its assets. 
Series Assets  
The Certificates of each Series will not be secured. 
Instead the Certificates (other than the Custodian 
Certificates) of a Series will rely for their payment on, 
inter alia, and, in the case of (iv) below have the 
benefit of, the contractual rights of the Issuer in 
respect of: 
(i) 
certain Underlying Assets in the manner set 
out in the relevant Issue Terms and all 
proceeds of, income from and sums arising 
from such Underlying Assets;  
(ii) 
all sums held by or on behalf of the Issuer in 
relation to the Underlying Assets of such 
Series;  
(iii) 
the Issuer's right, title and interest under any 
agreement by which the Issuer purchases 
the Underlying Assets in respect of such 
Series and the Agency Agreement as may 
be described in the Trust Deed in respect of

--- Page 14 ---
PL/PL/398925/2/UKM/106150756.12
14
such Series and/or the relevant Issue Terms; 
and 
(iv) 
the rights of the Issuer under other Series of 
Certificates which limit the recourse of 
Certificateholders of such other Series. 
Underlying Assets  
Shares owned by the Issuer in respect of such 
Series. 
Company  
In the case of Certificates linked to the Company I 
Shares, Company I and, in the case of Certificates 
linked to Sub-Fund Shares, the relevant Sub-Fund, 
as applicable. 
Company I  
Aspect Diversified Trends Trading Company I. 
Sub-Fund  
Each portfolio of assets constituted as a sub-fund of 
the ICAV and in respect of which Certificates linked 
to the instruments or interests issued by such sub-
fund have been issued by the Issuer. 
Company I Shares  
Class A US dollar shares of US$0.001 par value 
each of Company I. 
Sub-Fund Shares  
The respective shares or interests in a Sub-Fund as 
applicable to the relevant Certificates relating to 
each particular Series. 
Shares  
In the case of Company I, Company I Shares and, in 
the case of a Sub-Fund, Sub-Fund Shares, as 
applicable to the relevant Certificate relating to each 
particular Series. 
Method of issue of Certificates  
The Certificates will be issued in series (each a 
"Series") on one or more issue dates. Certificates of 
a Series shall be issued on identical terms (or 
identical other than in respect of the issue date), the 
Certificates of each Series being intended to be 
interchangeable with all other Certificates of that 
Series (other than the Custodian Certificates). 
Certificates in a Series will be constituted by one or 
more Supplemental Trust Deeds for such Series. 
Each Supplemental Trust Deed will be supplemental 
to the Principal Trust Deed, which contains the 
provisions common to all Series of Certificates. The 
Supplemental Trust Deed for a single Series 
together with the Principal Trust Deed (together, the 
"Trust Deed" for a Series) will contain all the 
provisions for the issuance of the Certificates of such 
Series. 
Issuance of a Series  
On the first Issue Date of a Series: 
1.  
the Issuer will issue the maximum number of 
Certificates available in such Series (as set 
out in the Issue Terms) at a price per

--- Page 15 ---
PL/PL/398925/2/UKM/106150756.12
15
certificate as set out in the Issue Terms for 
such Certificates; 
2.  
the Dealer will pay to the Issuer the amount 
set out in the Issue Terms (such amount 
being the product of (i) the maximum amount 
of Certificates of such Series and (ii) the 
price per Certificate therefor); 
3.  
the Issuer will repurchase from the Dealer 
such amount of Certificates that are not 
being sold by the Dealer to investors on the 
first Issue Date of such Series at a price per 
Certificate as set out in the Issue Terms 
(such price being the same as the price that 
the Issuer issues the issue of Certificates 
under 1. above); and  
4.  
the Issuer will pay to the Dealer the amount 
set out in the Issue Terms (such amount 
being the product of (i) the amount of 
Certificates that are not being sold by the 
Dealer to investors on the first Issue Date 
and (ii) the price per Certificate therefor). 
The payments due from the Dealer to the Issuer and 
from the Issuer to the Dealer will be netted. The 
Certificates of such Series so repurchased will be 
held by the Certificate Custodian on behalf of the 
Issuer. 
Price of Certificates  
All Certificates of a Series will be issued with each 
having a nominal amount of US$1.00 (or its 
equivalent in other currencies rounded upwards as 
agreed between the Issuer and the Dealer). The 
price per Certificate will equal the share price of the 
Shares. The minimum value of Certificates of a 
Series that can be subscribed for by an investor or 
transferred by a Certificateholder (other than for 
transfers to the Certificate Custodian) shall be an 
amount in US$ (or its equivalent in other currencies) 
such that the equivalent amount in Euros as at the 
date of such subscription or transfer shall be 
€100,000. 
An existing Certificateholder may subsequently 
subscribe for any number of additional Certificates. If 
a new subscriber were to purchase Certificates on a 
date other than the issue date for such certificates 
from the Issuer or through the secondary market, 
then such subscriber will have to subscribe for a 
sufficient number of Certificates so that the purchase 
price payable therefor will be the US$ equivalent (or 
the equivalent in other currencies), at such time, of 
€100,000 or more. 
Currencies 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, 
regulations and directives, Certificates may be

--- Page 16 ---
PL/PL/398925/2/UKM/106150756.12
16
issued in any currency as the Issuer and the Dealer 
may agree. 
Maturity  
The Certificates of a Series are expected to mature 
on the Maturity Date of such Series but will be 
subject to mandatory redemption in full in the 
circumstances described below and in Condition 7. 
The Certificates 
of 
a 
Series 
may 
also 
be 
repurchased by the Issuer as described below. 
The Maturity Date for a Series will be specified in the 
Issue Terms for such Series. No payments will be 
due on the Certificates prior to the Maturity Date, 
other than upon the occurrence of a Mandatory 
Redemption Event, a voluntary repurchase of the 
Certificates by the Issuer from the Dealer or an 
Event of Default prior to the Maturity Date. 
Upon the occurrence of a Mandatory Redemption 
Event or an Event of Default and on the Maturity 
Date, all outstanding Certificates are expected to be 
redeemed in an amount per Certificate equal to the 
Certificate Redemption Amount on such date. 
With respect to the Maturity Date the Issuer will 
request the realisation of the Shares in sufficient 
time to allow the applicable Company to redeem or 
realise the underlying assets by the Maturity Date so 
that the only amount payable in respect of the 
Certificates on the Maturity Date shall be the 
Certificate Redemption Amount. If a Fixed Maturity 
Date is specified in the Issue Terms, and if any 
amounts are received by the Issuer after the Maturity 
Date then such amounts shall be retained by the 
Issuer and available to be distributed to its 
shareholders for the benefit of The Mosel Capital 
Charitable Trust. If a Scheduled Maturity Date is 
specified in the Issue Terms, then if the Issuer has 
not received by such Scheduled Maturity Date (a) 
the full cash proceeds of redemption of the Shares 
(b) in the context of a redemption of the Shares due 
to be effected in kind, the cash proceeds of disposal 
or redemption of the assets underlying the Shares or 
(c) any other form of liquidation of the Shares, the 
Maturity Date shall be the twentieth Business Day 
following such receipt. 
Custodian Certificates  
All Certificates of a Series repurchased by the Issuer 
on the Issue Date of such Series shall be Custodian 
Certificates for so long as they are held by the 
Certificate Custodian on behalf of the Issuer and 
either (a) for so long as the Certificates of such 
Series are held through a clearing system, shall be 
held in the Certificate Custodian's client account at 
the applicable clearing system or (b) if the 
Certificates of such Series are no longer held 
through a clearing system due to an Exchange 
Event (see "Summary of Provisions Relating to the

--- Page 17 ---
PL/PL/398925/2/UKM/106150756.12
17
Certificates while Represented by the Global 
Certificate – Exchange of Global Certificates for 
Definitive Certificates"), shall be represented by a 
global 
certificate 
(the 
"Custodian 
Global 
Certificate") held by the Certificate Custodian. While 
held through a clearing system, the Custodian 
Certificates will be included in the total number of 
Certificates issued through such clearing system, will 
be classed as Certificates by the applicable clearing 
system, but the Certificate Custodian will renounce 
all rights that Certificates have and will notify the 
clearing system accordingly. Such clearing system 
will treat the Certificates held in the Certificate 
Custodian's client account as having no rights while 
they are held in the Certificate Custodian's client 
account and will only have the same rights as other 
Certificates upon transfer to a new investor. 
Custodian Certificates carry no voting rights, do not 
bear interest and no amount of principal or interest is 
payable thereon and are not secured by any 
property. Custodian Certificates are held by the 
Certificate Custodian on behalf of the Issuer either 
(a) for so long as an Exchange Event has not 
occurred, through the Certificate Custodian's client 
account at a clearing system or (b) following an 
Exchange Event, through the Custodian Global 
Certificate. 
On each date on which Custodian Certificates are 
sold by the Issuer to the Dealer: 
(a)  
in the case of Certificates that continue to be 
held 
through 
a 
clearing 
system, 
the 
Certificate 
Custodian 
shall 
transfer, 
in 
accordance with the applicable clearing 
system's transfer procedures, such number 
of Certificates being sold that are held in the 
Certificate Custodian's client account to the 
Dealer's trading account at the applicable 
clearing system. The applicable clearing 
system will carry out such transfer in 
accordance 
with 
its 
standard 
transfer 
procedures and book entries will be effected 
within such clearing system, such that the 
total number of Certificates held by the 
Certificate 
Custodian 
in 
the 
Certificate 
Custodian's client account will have been 
reduced by the number of Certificates by 
which the number of Certificates held by the 
Dealer in the Dealer's trading account (and 
then ultimately by the applicable participants, 
in the clearing system, for the new investors) 
have been increased. Such Certificates 
transferred by the Certificate Custodian 
through the clearing system will, upon 
transfer, cease to be treated as 'Custodian 
Certificates' and the clearing system shall

--- Page 18 ---
PL/PL/398925/2/UKM/106150756.12
18
note in its book entries that such transferred 
Certificates then have all the rights that other 
Certificates have. Morgan Stanley, as both 
Dealer and as the Certificate Custodian, shall 
note in its records (outside of the clearing 
system) the number of Custodian Certificates 
transferred 
and 
the 
total 
number 
of 
Custodian Certificates remaining; or 
(b)  
in the case of Certificates that are no longer 
held through a clearing system due to the 
occurrence of an Exchange Event, the 
Custodian Global Certificate shall be written 
down and the number of Certificates 
registered in the Register shall be increased 
by the same number (and the names of the 
new Certificateholders shall be included on 
the Register or the number of Certificates 
held by an existing Certificateholder will be 
increased accordingly) such that, after such 
write-down and increase have taken place in 
accordance with the provisions of the Agency 
Agreement and the Trust Deed, the total 
number of Custodian Certificates will have 
been reduced by the total number of 
Certificates 
by 
which 
the 
number 
of 
Certificates registered in the Register have 
been increased. The Custodian Certificates 
resold to the Dealer will upon resale cease to 
be Custodian Certificates and will be 
registered in the Register in the name of the 
Certificateholders 
or 
the 
number 
of 
Certificates 
held 
by 
an 
existing 
Certificateholder 
will 
be 
increased 
accordingly. Such Certificates will carry all of 
the rights which the existing Certificates 
carry.  
Custodian Certificates shall be issued at the price 
set out in the relevant Issue Terms. 
Fungible Increases 
On any Business Day after the Issue Date of a 
Series, the Issuer may sell, via the Dealer, to 
existing or new Certificateholders further Certificates 
in such Series on the next Company Investment 
Subscription Date subject to the following conditions, 
provided that for such Series: 
(a)  
the Company continues to accept new 
subscription requests for the amount of 
Shares which may be purchased using the 
proceeds 
of 
sale 
of 
such 
Custodian 
Certificates; 
(b)  
the Calculation Agent has confirmed that the 
Issuer is expected, on the next Company 
Investment Subscription Date, to have a 
sufficient number of Custodian Certificates

--- Page 19 ---
PL/PL/398925/2/UKM/106150756.12
19
available for purchase to meet such request; 
(c)  
the Subscription Conditions Precedent have 
been satisfied; and 
(d)  
the Requested Fungible Notional is equal to 
or greater than the US$ equivalent, at such 
time, of €100,000 (or the equivalent in other 
currencies) (or such other greater amount as 
may be agreed between the Calculation 
Agent and the Dealer). 
On any Business Day on which the Dealer has 
requested the sale of Custodian Certificates, the 
Issuer will direct the Certificate Custodian to sell to 
the Dealer for on-sale to the existing or new 
Certificateholders and the Dealer will agree to 
purchase 
on 
the 
next 
Company 
Investment 
Subscription Date such number of Custodian 
Certificates as the Calculation Agent may in its sole 
discretion determine following publication of the 
Share NAV on the relevant Company Investment 
Subscription Date and the Dealer will pay to the 
Certificate Custodian no later than 2pm two 
Company Business Days prior to such Company 
Investment Subscription Date an amount equal to 
the Requested Fungible Notional and the Certificate 
Custodian will remit such amount promptly to the 
Company on behalf of the Issuer.  
The Custodian Certificates being sold will be sold to 
the Dealer at the Certificate Price as of the relevant 
Company Investment Subscription Date and will 
cease to be Custodian Certificates as of such date. 
Company 
Investment 
Subscription Date 
Means, in relation to a request for sale of further 
Certificates to the Dealer, the second Company 
Business Day following the date on which such 
request has been received by the Issuer. 
Subscription 
Conditions 
Precedent 
The conditions precedent to the issue of the 
Certificates and purchase of Custodian Certificates 
on a Company Investment Subscription Date as set 
out in the Dealer Agreement. 
Mandatory Early Redemption  
If: 
(a)  
at any time prior to the Maturity Date the 
Issuer may determine in its sole discretion to 
redeem all Certificates upon providing three 
months' 
prior 
written 
notice 
to 
the 
Certificateholders; 
(b)  
at any time prior to the Maturity Date, the 
Calculation Agent determines that an Early 
Termination Event (as defined in "Terms 
and Conditions of the Certificates") has

--- Page 20 ---
PL/PL/398925/2/UKM/106150756.12
20
occurred which it does not waive; or 
(c)  
at any time prior to the Maturity Date, an 
additional Early Termination Event as set out 
in the relevant Issue Terms for such 
Certificates occurs, 
(each a "Mandatory Redemption Event") then all of 
the Certificates which are in issue at such time will 
be 
redeemed 
and 
the 
remaining 
Custodian 
Certificates will be cancelled in accordance with the 
process described below. 
If, at the time of such Mandatory Redemption Event, 
there were purchasers who were to purchase new 
Certificates on a date after the occurrence of the 
Mandatory Redemption Event and consequently the 
Dealer was to request a transfer of Custodian 
Certificates, then such transfer of Custodian 
Certificates shall be cancelled and the subscription 
for new Certificates shall not take place. 
Upon mandatory redemption, the Certificates will be 
redeemed in an amount per Certificate being 
redeemed equal to the Certificate Redemption 
Amount. 
Upon the occurrence of a Mandatory Redemption 
Event, the Issuer shall give at least two Company 
Business Days' prior notice (or such other notice 
period as indicated in the Trust Deed for such 
Certificates) of the date of such mandatory 
redemption (the "Redemption Date") to the Note 
Trustee, the Certificateholders and the Paying Agent 
(which notice shall be irrevocable). The Issuer will 
pay any amount due and payable to the Note 
Trustee and/or the Agents, to the extent not paid 
pursuant to the Expenses Agreement and any 
Transaction Fees due to the Dealer in each case in 
accordance with Condition 4(f), and then redeem the 
Certificates in an amount per Certificate equal to the 
Certificate Redemption Amount on the date falling 
two Company Business Days after the Redemption 
Date (or such other number of days specified in the 
Issue Terms) subject to the Issuer having received 
the proceeds of realisation of the Shares one 
Company Business Day after such Redemption 
Date. If receipt of the proceeds of realisation of the 
Shares is delayed the redemption of the Certificates 
will be effected within two Company Business Days 
of receipt thereof. For the avoidance of doubt, the 
redemption of the Certificates is contingent on the 
Issuer receiving proceeds of realisation of the 
Shares. If the Issuer subsequently receives, within 
60 days of the Redemption Date, further amounts 
from the Company from the realisation of Shares in 
respect of such Certificates, then the Issuer will pay 
to the former Certificateholders their pro rata share

--- Page 21 ---
PL/PL/398925/2/UKM/106150756.12
21
of any such amounts. Such a situation could occur if 
the Company has invested in assets with limited 
liquidity.  
Early redemption  
Certificateholders do not have any right to request 
an early redemption of the Certificates other than as 
a result of an Event of Default or a Mandatory 
Redemption Event, in each case in accordance with 
the Terms and Conditions of such Certificates. 
Early repurchase  
If a Certificateholder or Certificateholders requests 
repurchase by the Dealer and the Dealer requests 
the Issuer to repurchase on no less than one 
Company Business Day's notice, the Issuer may 
agree in its sole discretion to repurchase one or 
more Certificates on a Company Business Day 
(each, a "Purchase Date"). 
To effect such repurchase, on the date on which the 
Issuer receives notice of such repurchase request, 
the Calculation Agent will request the Company to 
redeem a number of Shares equal to the number of 
Certificates being repurchased by the Issuer. 
The Certificates repurchased on such Purchase 
Date shall be repurchased in an amount per 
Certificate equal to the Certificate Buy-back Amount. 
Payment will be made to the Certificateholders two 
Company Business Days after the Purchase Date 
(or such other number of days as specified in the 
Issue Terms) subject to the Issuer having received 
the proceeds of realisation of the Shares one 
Company Business Day after such Purchase Date. If 
receipt of the proceeds of realisation of the Shares is 
delayed the repurchase of the Certificates will be 
effected within two Company Business Days of 
receipt thereof by the Issuer. 
If, in respect of any Certificates repurchased prior to 
the Maturity Date, the Issuer subsequently receives, 
within 60 days of the Purchase Date of such 
Certificates, further amounts from the Company from 
the realisation of Shares in respect of such 
Certificates, then the Issuer will pay to the former 
Certificateholders their pro rata share of any such 
amounts. Any amounts received by the Issuer from 
the Company after such 60 days will be retained by 
the Issuer. Such a situation could occur if the 
Company has invested in assets with limited 
liquidity. 
All Certificates repurchased by the Issuer may be 
cancelled, in which case the obligations of the Issuer 
in respect of such Certificates shall be discharged. 
Absent such cancellation and notwithstanding any 
other provision of the Conditions, the Certificates 
repurchased by the Issuer shall be held by the

--- Page 22 ---
PL/PL/398925/2/UKM/106150756.12
22
Certificate Custodian on the Issuer's behalf and 
become Custodian Certificates. 
On each date on which Certificates are repurchased 
by the Issuer from the Dealer: 
(a)  
in the case of Certificates that are not 
cancelled as referred to above and continue 
to be held through a clearing system, the 
Dealer shall transfer, in accordance with the 
applicable 
clearing 
system's 
transfer 
procedures, such number of Certificates 
being repurchased that are held in the 
Dealer's trading account to the Certificate 
Custodian's client account at the applicable 
clearing system. The applicable clearing 
system will carry out such transfer in 
accordance 
with 
its 
standard 
transfer 
procedures and book-entries will be affected 
within such clearing system, such that the 
total number of Certificates held by the 
Certificate Custodian in the Certificate 
Custodian's client account will have been 
increased by the total number of certificates 
by which the number of Certificates held by 
the Dealer in the Dealer's trading account 
(which had previously been transferred to 
the Dealer by the applicable participants, in 
the clearing system, for the investors that are 
requesting such repurchase) have been 
increased. Such Certificates transferred to 
the 
Certificate 
Custodian 
through 
the 
clearing system will, upon transfer, be 
treated as 'Custodian Certificates' and the 
clearing system shall note in its book-entries 
that such transferred Certificates no longer 
have the rights that other Certificates have. 
Morgan Stanley, as both Dealer and as the 
Certificate Custodian shall note in its records 
(outside of the clearing system) the number 
of Custodian Certificates transferred to it and 
the 
new 
total 
number 
of 
Custodian 
Certificates; or 
(b)  
in the case of Certificates that are not 
cancelled as referred to above and are no 
longer held through a clearing system due to 
the occurrence of an Exchange Event, the 
number of Certificates registered in the 
Register shall be decreased (and the names 
of the applicable Certificateholders removed 
from the Register or the size of their holdings 
decreased) 
and 
the 
Custodian 
Global 
Certificate marked up by the same number 
such that, after such decrease and mark-up 
have taken place in accordance with the 
provisions of the Agency Agreement and the 
Trust Deed, the total number of Custodian

--- Page 23 ---
PL/PL/398925/2/UKM/106150756.12
23
Certificates will have been increased by the 
total number of Certificates by which the 
number of Certificates registered in the 
Register has decreased. 
Interest on Certificates  
The Certificates will not bear interest. 
Restrictions and covenants  
So long as any of the Certificates remains 
outstanding, the Issuer will not declare any dividends 
(other than a dividend of up to US$750 per Series or 
other series under alternative programmes of the 
Issuer), have any subsidiaries or employees, 
purchase, own, lease or otherwise acquire any real 
property, consolidate or merge with any other 
person, convey or transfer its properties or assets 
substantially as an entity to any person (other than 
as contemplated by the Conditions) or issue any 
shares (other than such shares as were in issue on 
4 December 2013). 
The Issuer may from time to time (without the 
consent of the Certificateholders issue further 
certificates, subject to the conditions precedent set 
out in Conditions 18(a) and (b). 
Cross default  
None. 
Withholding tax and expenses  
In the event a withholding or deduction is required by 
law, the Issuer shall pay net of the relevant taxes. A 
Certificateholder must pay all Certificateholder 
Expenses relating to a Certificate held by or being 
exercised by it as a condition precedent to receiving 
any amount in respect of the Certificates and the 
Issuer 
is 
entitled 
to 
deduct 
all 
relevant 
Certificateholder Expenses from any such payment 
to be made by it under the Certificates. 
Initial delivery of Certificates  
The Certificates of each Series will be issued in 
registered form, serially numbered for such Series 
and initially, and for so long as an Exchange Event 
has not occurred, will be held through a clearing 
system and represented by a Global Certificate. 
The Certificates of a Series will initially be 
represented by interests in a global certificate (a 
"Global Certificate"), registered in the Register in 
the name of a nominee for the common depositary 
of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (the 
"Common Depositary") and the Global Certificate 
shall be deposited with the Common Depositary). 
Global Certificates may also be deposited with any 
other clearing system. Certificates will be registered 
in the name of nominees or a common nominee for 
such clearing systems. 
Limited 
Recourse 
and 
Non-
The 
Certificates 
(other 
than 
the 
Custodian 
Certificates) comprise direct, unsecured, limited

--- Page 24 ---
PL/PL/398925/2/UKM/106150756.12
24
Petition 
recourse obligations of the Issuer. 
In respect of a Series, the Certificateholders shall 
have recourse only to the Series Assets of such 
Series and not to any other assets of the Issuer. 
Claims by Certificateholders of a particular Series 
and any other unsecured creditors will be limited to 
the Series Assets of such Series. 
If, after the Series Assets for a Series has been 
exhausted and following the application of the 
available 
cash 
sums 
derived 
therefrom 
in 
accordance with Condition 4(f) of the Certificates 
and the Trust Deed, any outstanding claim against 
the Issuer in respect of the Certificates of such 
Series remains unpaid, then such outstanding claims 
will be extinguished and no debt will be owed by the 
Issuer in respect thereof. 
Following such extinguishment, neither the Note 
Trustee nor the Certificateholders or any other 
person acting on behalf of any of them shall be 
entitled to take any further steps against the Issuer 
or any of its officers, shareholders, corporate service 
providers or directors to recover any further sum in 
respect of the extinguished claim and no debt shall 
be owed to any such persons by the Issuer in 
respect of such further sum in respect of such 
Series. 
Neither the Note Trustee nor the Certificateholders 
or any person acting on behalf of any of them may at 
any time institute, or join with any other person in 
bringing, 
instituting 
or 
joining 
insolvency, 
administration, 
bankruptcy, 
winding-up, 
examinership or any other similar proceedings 
(whether court-based or otherwise) in relation to the 
Issuer or any of its assets, and none of them shall 
have any claim arising with respect to the assets 
and/or property attributable to any other certificates 
issued by the Issuer (save for any further certificates 
which form a single series with the Certificates). 
Such limited recourse and non-petition provisions 
shall survive maturity of the Certificates and the 
expiration or termination of the Trust Deed. 
Clearing Systems  
Clearstream, Luxembourg, Euroclear and, in relation 
to any Series, such other clearing system as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the Dealer. 
Governing law  
English. 
Listing of Certificates  
Application will be made for certain Series of 
Certificates to be listed on Euronext Dublin. 
Selling restrictions  
United States, United Kingdom, European Economic 
Area, Germany, Jersey, Ireland and any other

--- Page 25 ---
PL/PL/398925/2/UKM/106150756.12
25
restrictions relevant to any Series. See "Subscription 
and Sale and Selling Restrictions". 
Transfer restrictions  
There are restrictions on the transfer of Certificates. 
See Condition 3(a) below. 
Use of proceeds  
The net proceeds of sale of the Certificates of a 
Series and of any other Custodian Certificates will 
be used by the Issuer to acquire shares or interests 
in either Company I or a Sub-Fund at their prevailing 
net asset value pursuant to the subscription booklet 
for Company I and the Sub-Fund respectively. The 
assets of Company I and the relevant Sub-Fund will 
be invested by Company I and the relevant Sub-
Fund respectively.

--- Page 26 ---
PL/PL/398925/2/UKM/106150756.12
26
RISK FACTORS 
The Issuer believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations 
under the Certificates issued under the Programme.  
Factors which the Issuer believes are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks 
associated with Certificates issued under the Programme are also described below. 
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent material risks inherent in 
investing in Certificates issued under the Programme, but the inability of the Issuer to pay 
principal or other amounts on or in connection with any Certificates may occur for other 
reasons and the Issuer does not represent that the statements below regarding the risks of 
holding any Certificates are exhaustive. Prospective investors should also read the detailed 
information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus (including any documents 
incorporated by reference herein) and reach their own views prior to making any investment 
decision. 
1. Risks relating to the Issuer 
(a) The Issuer is a special purpose vehicle  
The Issuer is a special purpose vehicle established for the purpose of issuing Certificates 
for the purposes of purchasing assets and entering into related contracts.  
The Issuer has covenanted (amongst other things) that, as long as any Certificate remains 
outstanding, it will not engage in any activity or business, except as provided or 
contemplated by the Certificates, the Custodian Certificates, the Relevant Agreements and 
the Alternative Programme Agreements and to perform any acts incidental to or necessary 
in connection therewith, or any act required by law, regulation or order of any court to be 
performed. 
For further information on the restrictions on the Issuers' activities, see the section of the 
Base Prospectus entitled “Mosel Capital Limited – Special Purpose Vehicle”. 
As such, the Issuer has, and will have, no assets other than its issued and paid-up share 
capital, such fees (as agreed) payable to it in connection with the issue of Certificates from 
time to time, any Series Assets and any other assets contemplated by the Alternative 
Programme Agreements.  
(b) Regulation of the Issuer by any regulatory authority  
Other than consent to the circulation of this Base Prospectus given by the Jersey Registrar 
and consent to the issuance of the Certificates given by the Commission, and unless 
otherwise specified for a Series of Certificates, the Issuer is not required to be licensed, 
registered or authorised under any current securities, commodities, insurance or banking 
laws or regulations of its jurisdiction of incorporation. There is no assurance, however, that 
in the future such regulatory authorities would not take a contrary view regarding the 
applicability of any such laws or regulations to the Issuer. There is also no assurance that 
the regulatory authorities in other jurisdictions would not require the Issuer to be licensed or 
authorised under any securities, commodities, insurance or banking laws or regulations of 
those jurisdictions. Any requirement to be licensed or authorised could have an adverse 
effect on the Issuer and could give rise to circumstances that could result in the early 
redemption of the Certificates, which may prove to be adverse to the holders of the 
Certificates.

--- Page 27 ---
PL/PL/398925/2/UKM/106150756.12
27
(c) No registration of the Issuer under the Investment Company Act 
The Issuer has not registered with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission as an 
investment company pursuant to the Investment Company Act. If the U.S. Securities and 
Exchange Commission or a court of competent jurisdiction were to find that the Issuer is 
required but, in violation of the Investment Company Act, had failed to register as an 
investment company, possible consequences include, but are not limited to the following: (i) 
the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission could apply to a district court to enjoin the 
violation; (ii) investors in the Issuer could sue the Issuer and recover any damages caused 
by the violation; and (iii) any contract to which the Issuer is party that is made in, or whose 
performance involves a, violation of the Investment Company Act would be unenforceable 
by any party to the contract unless a court were to find that under the circumstances 
enforcement would produce a more equitable result than non-enforcement and would not 
be inconsistent with the purposes of the Investment Company Act. Should the Issuer be 
subjected to any or all of the foregoing, the Issuer would be materially and adversely 
affected and this could give rise to circumstances that could result in the early redemption 
of the Certificates, which may prove to be adverse to the holders of the Certificates. 
2. Risks relating to the Certificates 
(a) Amounts payable to Certificateholders on early redemption  
The Certificates may be redeemed on a date other than on the Maturity Date if: 
(i) 
at any time prior to the Maturity Date the Issuer determines in its sole discretion to 
redeem all Certificates upon providing three months prior notice to the 
Certificateholders and the Issuer so determines; or 
(ii) 
at any time prior to the Maturity Date, the Calculation Agent determines that an 
Early Termination Event has occurred which it does not waive or in respect of which 
it does not make an Adjustment; or 
(iii) 
at any time prior to the Maturity Date, an additional Early Termination Event as set 
out in the relevant Issue Terms for such Certificates occurs.  
In addition, following the occurrence of an Event of Default, the Note Trustee may, and if 
so requested in writing by the holders of at least one-quarter of the aggregate principal 
amount of the Certificates (excluding any outstanding Custodian Certificates, if any) then 
outstanding or if so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Certificateholders 
(subject, in each case, to being indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its 
satisfaction) direct the redemption of the Certificates. The amount payable per Certificate 
to Certificateholders in such circumstances will be, unless otherwise specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, an amount equal to the Certificate Redemption Amount, subject 
to the payment of all prior ranking amounts as provided in the Conditions. The Issuer will 
fund such payments under a Series of Certificates from payment(s) due to it under the 
Underlying Assets. This will expose Certificateholders to the market value of the 
Underlying Assets (for a consideration of factors that may impact such values see "Risk 
Factors – Risks relating to Companies and Shares" below). 
If, following the realisation in full of the Series Assets and application of available cash 
sums as provided in the Conditions, there are any outstanding claims against the Issuer 
in respect of such Series of Certificates which remain unpaid, then such outstanding 
claim will be extinguished and no debt will be owed by the Issuer in respect thereof. In 
such circumstances, the investors in the Certificates may not receive back their 
investment and may receive zero.

--- Page 28 ---
PL/PL/398925/2/UKM/106150756.12
28
(b) Limited recourse obligations 
In respect of a Series, the Certificates (other than the Custodian Certificates) are direct, 
unsecured, limited recourse obligations of the Issuer payable solely out of the Series 
Assets. The Issuer will have no other assets or sources of revenue available for payment of 
any of its obligations under the Certificates. No assurance can be made that the proceeds 
available for the payment of the amounts due to the Note Trustee and the Agents (to the 
extent not paid pursuant to the Expenses Agreement) and any Transaction Fees due to the 
Dealer in each case in accordance with Condition 4(f) and the proceeds available for and 
allocated to the repayment of the Certificates at any particular time will be sufficient to cover 
all amounts that would otherwise be due and payable to the Note Trustee and the Agents 
(to the extent not paid pursuant to the Expenses Agreement) and any Transaction Fees 
due to the Dealer in each case in accordance with Condition 4(f) and under the Certificates. 
If the proceeds of liquidation of the Series Assets for the benefit of the Certificateholders 
prove insufficient to make payments on the Certificates, in respect of which payment is due, 
no other assets will be available for payment of the deficiency, and, following distribution of 
the proceeds of such realisation or liquidation, any outstanding claim against the Issuer in 
relation to the Certificates shall be extinguished and no debt shall be owed by the Issuer in 
respect thereof. No person other than the Issuer will be obliged to make payments on the 
Certificates. 
Further, only the Note Trustee may pursue remedies available under the Trust Deed as it 
may think fit to enforce the rights of the creditors under the Trust Deed and the Conditions, 
and none of the Certificateholders, any creditor or any Series Transaction Party shall be 
entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer unless the Note Trustee having become 
bound to proceed in accordance with the terms of the Trust Deed, fails to do so within a 
reasonable period and such failure is continuing. 
Certificateholders do not have the benefit of any security over the Series Assets and there 
can be no guarantee that unspecified third parties will not make any claims against any 
Series Assets and that any Series Assets will be available to meet the claims of the 
Certificateholders of a particular Series at any time. 
In addition, there can be no guarantee that there will not be any creditors of the Issuer that 
have not agreed to limited recourse and non-petition or that such creditors would not be 
successful in making and enforcing claims against the Issuer. Any such claim could result 
in the Series Assets not being sufficient to meet the claims of the Certificateholders. 
(c) Non-petition 
The Certificateholders may not, at any time, institute, or join with any other person in 
bringing, instituting or joining insolvency, administration, bankruptcy, winding-up, or any 
other similar proceedings (whether court-based or otherwise) in relation to the Issuer or 
any of its assets in order to recover any payments that may be due, and none of them 
shall have any claim arising with respect to the assets and/or property attributable to any 
other certificates issued by the Issuer (save for any further certificates which form a 
single series with the Certificates). This would not be the case if the Certificates were not 
subject to non-petition provisions.  
(d) Investors will have to rely on the procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg for transfer, payment and communication with the Issuer 
On issuance the Certificates will be represented by a Global Certificate (as defined in the 
Principal Trust Deed). The Global Certificate will be deposited with a common depositary 
for, and registered in the name of the common nominee of, Euroclear and Clearstream,

--- Page 29 ---
PL/PL/398925/2/UKM/106150756.12
29
Luxembourg. Except in the limited circumstances described in the Global Certificate, 
investors will not be entitled to receive definitive registered certificates. Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg will maintain records of the beneficial interests in the Global 
Certificate. 
While the Certificates are represented by the Global Certificate, investors will be able to 
trade their beneficial interests only through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. The 
Issuer will discharge its payment obligations under the Certificates by making payments 
to the common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg for distribution to 
their account holders. A holder of a beneficial interest in a Global Certificate must rely on 
the procedures of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg to receive payments under the 
Certificates. The Issuer has no responsibility or liability for the records relating to, or 
payments made in respect of, beneficial interests in the Global Certificate.  
Holders of beneficial interests in a Global Certificate will not have a direct right to vote in 
respect of the relevant Certificates so represented. Instead, such holders will be 
permitted to act only to the extent that they are enabled by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and their respective participants to appoint appropriate proxies. Similarly, 
holders of beneficial interests in a Global Certificate will not have a direct right under 
such Global Certificate to take enforcement action against the Issuer in the event of a 
default under the relevant Certificates but will have to rely upon their rights under the 
Trust Deed. 
(e) Meetings of Certificateholders, Modification and waivers and substitution 
The Trust Deed and Conditions contain provisions for convening meetings of 
Certificateholders to consider matters affecting their interests generally and to obtain 
written resolutions on matters relating to the Certificates from Certificateholders without 
calling a meeting. A written resolution signed by or on behalf of the Certificateholders of 
not  less than 75 per cent in principal amount of the Certificates for the time being 
outstanding shall for all purposes be valid and effectual as an Extraordinary Resolution 
passed at a meeting of such Certificateholders duly convened and held. 
A written resolution described above may be effected in connection with any matter 
affecting the interests of Certificateholders, including regarding a modification of the 
details of the Series Assets, certain terms concerning the amount, currency and 
postponement of the due dates for payment of the Certificates, the provisions concerning 
the quorum required at any meeting of Certificateholders and the provisions concerning 
the majority required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution (each, a "Basic Terms 
Modification"), that would otherwise be required to be passed at a meeting of 
Certificateholders satisfying a special quorum in accordance with the provisions of the 
Principal Trust Deed. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all 
Certificateholders including Certificateholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant 
meeting or in respect of the relevant resolution (or participate in the written resolution, as 
the case may be) and Certificateholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority 
(either in a meeting or by written resolution). Consequently, the rights of a holder of less 
than 25 per cent. of the aggregate principal amount of the Certificates then outstanding, 
or a Certificateholder who does not attend and vote at a meeting or participate in respect 
of a resolution irrespective of its holding, may be varied in a manner that is adverse to its 
wishes and/or interests. Such variation of the terms of the Certificates will be binding on 
that Certificateholder notwithstanding that it did not agree with proposal.  
The Trust Deed and Conditions also provide that the Note Trustee may, without the 
consent of any of the Certificateholders, agree to (i) any modification of any of the

--- Page 30 ---
PL/PL/398925/2/UKM/106150756.12
30
provisions of the Trust Deed or the Relevant Agreements which is in the opinion of the 
Note Trustee of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest error 
or (ii) any other modification (except as mentioned in the Trust Deed), and any waiver or 
authorisation of any breach or proposed breach of any of the provisions of the Trust 
Deed or any of the Relevant Agreements which, in any such case, is in the opinion of the 
Note Trustee not materially prejudicial to the interest of all of the Certificateholders or (iii) 
the substitution of another entity as the principal debtor under any Certificates in place of 
the Issuer. 
Certificateholders shall have no right of action against the Note Trustee if the Note 
Trustee agrees to any such modifications to the Relevant Agreements that 
Certificateholders. Depending on their nature, such modifications may have an adverse 
impact on the Certificates. 
(f) Note Trustee indemnity 
In certain circumstances, the Certificateholders of a Series may be dependent on the Note 
Trustee to take certain actions in respect of a Series of Certificates. Prior to taking such 
action, the Note Trustee is entitled to require to be indemnified and/or secured and/or 
prefunded to its satisfaction. If the Note Trustee is not indemnified and/or secured and/or 
prefunded to its satisfaction it may not be bound to take such action and such inaction will 
not constitute a breach by it of its obligations under the Trust Deed. Consequently, the 
Certificateholders may have to either arrange for such indemnity and/or security and/or 
prefunding or accept the consequences of such inaction by the Note Trustee, which may be 
an additional cost to the Certificateholders. Such inaction by the Note Trustee will not entitle 
Certificateholders to take action directly against the Issuer to pursue remedies for any 
breach by the Issuer of the Trust Deed or the Certificates. 
(g) Priority of Claims 
During the term of the Certificates, the rights of the Certificateholders to be paid amounts 
due under the Certificates will be subordinated to (i) payment or satisfaction of, or provision 
for, the fees, costs, charges, expenses and liabilities incurred by the Note Trustee or any 
receiver in preparing and executing the trusts under the Trust Deed in relation to the 
Certificates and in carrying out their functions under the Trust Deed (including any taxes 
required to be paid and the Note Trustee's remuneration) to the extent not paid pursuant to 
the Expenses Agreement, and (ii) payment of the fees, costs, charges, expenses and 
liabilities incurred by the Agents in carrying out their functions under the Agency Agreement 
to the extent not paid pursuant to the Expenses Agreement, (iii) any Transaction Fees due 
to the Dealer and (iv) any other claims as specified in the Conditions as may be amended 
by the Trust Deed relating to the relevant Series that rank in priority to the Certificates. 
Payment of such amounts will reduce the amounts that are available to the Issuer to make 
payments to Certificateholders and may result in the Issuer having insufficient funds to pay 
amounts due under the Certificates in full. 
(h) No gross-up 
In the event that any withholding tax or deduction for tax is imposed (including, without 
limitation, through any law or regulation implementing a system of financial transaction 
tax in any jurisdiction, including the European Union, relating to any tax payable in 
respect of the transfer of, or issue or modification or redemption of, any financial 
instruments; or under FATCA on payments on the Certificates, the Certificateholders will 
not be entitled to receive grossed-up amounts to compensate for such withholding tax 
nor be reimbursed for the amount of any shortfall.   
(i) Information reporting obligations

--- Page 31 ---
PL/PL/398925/2/UKM/106150756.12
31
Information relating to the Certificates, their holders and beneficial owners may be required 
to be provided to tax authorities in certain circumstances pursuant to domestic or 
international reporting and transparency regimes (including, without limitation, in relation to 
FATCA). This may include (but is not limited to) information relating to the value of the 
Certificates, amounts paid or credited with respect to the Certificates, details of the holders 
or beneficial owners of the Certificates and information and documents in connection with 
transactions relating to the Certificates. In certain circumstances, the information obtained 
by a tax authority may be provided to tax authorities in other countries. Some jurisdictions 
operate a withholding system in place of, or in addition to, such provision of information 
requirements.  
Neither a Certificateholder nor a beneficial owner of Certificates will be entitled to any 
additional amounts if any withholding or deduction or charge in connection with an 
information reporting regime is imposed on any payments on or with respect to the 
Certificates. As a result, Certificateholders may receive less than expected as they will not 
be reimbursed for any such shortfall. Each Certificateholder should consult its own tax 
adviser to obtain a more detailed explanation of FATCA and the other information reporting 
regimes and to learn how FATCA and the other information reporting regimes might affect 
such Certificateholder in light of its particular circumstances.  
(j) Market Value of Certificates 
The market value of the Certificates may be affected by a number of factors, including, but 
not limited to (i) the value and volatility of the Underlying Assets, as applicable, if any, and 
the creditworthiness of the issuers and obligors of any of the Underlying Assets, (ii) the 
value and volatility of any index, securities, commodities or property to which payments on 
the Certificates may be linked, directly or indirectly, and the creditworthiness of the issuers 
or obligors in respect of any securities or other obligations to which payments on the 
Certificates may be linked, directly or indirectly, (iii) market perception, interest rates, yields 
and foreign exchange rates, (iv) the time remaining to the Maturity Date and (v) any 
outstanding Transaction Fees (if payable out of the proceeds of redemption of the 
Underlying Assets). Any price at which Certificates may be sold prior to the Maturity Date 
may be at a discount, which could be substantial, to the value at which the Certificates were 
acquired on the Issue Date. 
As a result, Certificateholders may suffer a loss and could suffer a significant loss in selling 
the Certificates on the secondary market. 
(k) Impact on Valuations and Calculations 
Valuations or calculations in respect of Certificates and certain asset classes of 
instruments comprising the Underlying Assets, have typically been based on quoted 
market prices or market inputs. However, since 2007, actively traded markets for a 
number of such asset classes and obligors have either ceased to exist or have reduced 
significantly. The lack or limited availability of such market prices or inputs has 
significantly impaired the ability to make accurate valuations or calculations in respect of 
the Certificates and such underlying instruments. No assurance can be given that similar 
impairment may not occur in the future. 
The valuations of the Certificates are based on valuations of the Shares and the 
valuations of the Shares are based on the valuations of the underlying assets of the 
Company. There is a risk that market participants may no longer provide liquidity and 
price quotes for the underlying assets. In this case, the Shares, and therefore the 
Certificates, can no longer be valued accurately. This may mean that market participants

--- Page 32 ---
PL/PL/398925/2/UKM/106150756.12
32
quote for the Certificates with high bid offer spreads or stop quoting prices for the 
Certificates. 
In a number of asset classes, a significant reliance has historically been placed on 
valuations derived from models that use inputs that are not observable in the markets 
and/or that are based on historical data and trends. Such models often rely on certain 
assumptions about the values or behaviour of such unobservable inputs or about the 
behaviour of the markets generally or interpolate future outcomes from historical data. In 
a number of cases, the extent of the market volatility and disruption has resulted in the 
assumptions being incorrect to a significant degree or in extreme departures from 
historical trends. Where reliance is placed on historical data, in certain instances such 
data may only be available for relatively short time periods (for example, data with 
respect to prices in relatively new markets) and such data may not be as statistically 
representative as data for longer periods. 
If the underlying assets of the Company are valued on the basis of mark to model, the 
valuation of the Shares is subject to a number of assumptions (such as future revenues, 
discount rates and inflation assumptions). The assumptions may significantly change 
over time which can reduce the value of the Shares and therefore the value of the 
Certificates. In addition, market participants may value the Shares and the Certificates on 
the basis of different assumptions which means that the prices offered for the Shares 
and/or the Certificates may vary significantly from market participant to market 
participant.  Investors in the Certificates may realise a lower value for the Certificates due 
to changes of the mark to model assumptions or variations of assumptions amongst 
market participants. 
Prospective investors should be aware of the risks inherent in any valuation or 
calculation relating to the Certificates (including any instrument comprising the 
Underlying Assets relating to the Certificates) that is determined by reference to a model 
and that certain assumptions will be made in operating the model which may prove to be 
incorrect and give rise to significantly different outcomes to those predicted by the model. 
(l) Resolution of financial institutions 
i. 
Potential impact on the Certificates 
Following the global financial crisis, in 2011 the Financial Stability Board (the "FSB") 
produced a document setting out key attributes of effective resolution regimes for financial 
institutions. Resolution is the process by which the authorities can intervene to manage the 
failure of a firm in an orderly fashion. The FSB's proposals have been implemented in the 
laws of, among others, the European Union and the United States.  
The taking of any actions by the relevant resolution authorities under any regime may 
adversely affect the Certificateholders. Whilst the Issuer itself is unlikely to be within scope 
of any implementing legislation, if the obligor in respect of any Series Asset is within the 
scope of any implementing legislation any applicable bail-in power might be exercised in 
respect of the Series Asset to convert any claim of the Issuer as against such person; 
The operation of resolution regimes and their application to cross-border financial 
institutions is complex and the resolution of any Company is likely to adversely affect the 
Certificates in multiple and unpredictable ways. Following an exercise of any powers by a 
resolution authority, the Issuer may have insufficient assets or sums to meet its obligations 
under the Certificates or any transaction documents for that Series, the Certificates may be 
the subject of an early redemption and any payment of redemption proceeds to 
Certificateholders may be delayed.

--- Page 33 ---
PL/PL/398925/2/UKM/106150756.12
33
ii. Qualified financial contracts 
In September 2017, the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the "Board of 
Governors") adopted a final rule (the "Final Rule") imposing restrictions on the ability of a 
party to call a default under, or to restrict transfers of, certain qualified financial contracts 
("QFCs") entered into by any top-tier bank holding company identified by the Board of 
Governors as a global systemically important banking organisation (each a "GSIB"), the 
subsidiaries of any U.S. GSIB (with certain exceptions) or the U.S. operations of any 
foreign GSIB (with certain exceptions) (collectively, subject to certain exceptions, "Covered 
Entities"). The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation and the Office of the Comptroller of 
the Currency have adopted parallel rules which are substantively the same as the Final 
Rule. A QFC includes, among other things, over-the-counter derivatives, repurchase 
agreements, contracts for the purchase or sale of securities and any credit enhancement in 
respect of the foregoing contracts (including a guarantee as well as a charge, pledge, 
mortgage or other similar credit support arrangement). In respect of each Series the Dealer 
may be a Covered Entity to which the Final Rule applies and the terms applicable to the 
Dealer Agreement and the Trust Deed (as non-U.S. law governed contracts) are likely to 
constitute QFCs. 
While the relevant U.S. federal banking laws and regulations (the "U.S. Special 
Resolution Regimes") provide for such restrictions on default rights and transfers, if the 
relevant contract is not governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United 
States, a court outside the United States may decline to enforce such provisions even if a 
Covered Entity is in a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime. To address this, 
the Final Rule requires a Covered Entity to ensure that each QFC it enters into (a 
"Covered QFC") includes provisions that (i) restrict default rights against such Covered 
Entity to the same extent as provided under the U.S. Special Resolution Regimes and (ii) 
restrict the exercise of any cross-default rights against such Covered Entity based on any 
affiliate's entry into bankruptcy or similar proceedings. In respect of each Series, each 
transaction document which constitutes a Covered QFC will include provisions which reflect 
these requirements and, as a result, the Issuer may face a delay in being able to enforce its 
rights against such a transaction party or be restricted from terminating such a transaction 
document. Such delays could have a negative impact on the Issuer's ability to make 
payments due under the Certificates.  
(m) Limited liquidity of the Certificates 
Although application may be made to admit the Certificates to the Official List of Euronext 
Dublin (or the official list of another stock exchange) and admit them to trading on the 
Regulated Market (or on the regulated market of any other stock exchange), there is 
currently no secondary market for the Certificates. There can be no assurance that a 
secondary market for any of the Certificates will develop, or, if a secondary market does 
develop, that it will provide the holders of the Certificates with liquidity or that it will continue 
for the life of the Certificates. 
Investors should note that the market for the Certificates will be affected by, among other 
things, supply and demand for the Certificates, and that, accordingly, it should not be 
assumed that there will be a significant correlation between the market value of the 
Certificates and the market value of the Underlying Assets. Prospective investors should be 
aware that the market value of the Certificates may also be affected by events in the capital 
and credit markets which may have an effect on the market value of the Underlying Assets, 
the Issuer and/or similar structured securities generally.

--- Page 34 ---
PL/PL/398925/2/UKM/106150756.12
34
In addition, the liquidity of any trading market (should any develop) in the Certificates 
may be adversely affected by changes in the overall market for investment and non-
investment grade securities. If such a trading market were to develop, the Certificates 
could trade at prices that may be higher or lower than the initial offering price depending 
on many factors including prevailing interest rates and the market for similar securities. 
Consequently, any investor in the Certificates must be prepared to hold such Certificates 
for an indefinite period of time or until redemption of the Certificates. Under normal 
market conditions, subject to applicable law and the Dealer's policies, the Dealer will use 
reasonable efforts to make a market for the Certificates and quote bid and offer prices. 
However, the Dealer is under no obligation to continue to do so and may stop making a 
market at any time. 
3. Risks relating to the assets 
(a) Risks relating to Companies and Shares 
The Certificate Redemption Amount of the Certificates is dependent upon the redemption 
or sale proceeds that would be received in respect of the Shares of the Company after 
payment, if applicable, of any Transaction Fees.  Accordingly, an investment in the 
Certificates may bear similar market risks to a direct investment in the Shares. Potential 
investors should be aware that: 
(i) 
the market price of the Certificates may be volatile; 
(ii) 
payment of principal may occur at a different time than expected; 
(iii) 
they may lose all or a substantial portion of their principal; 
(iv) 
the Shares may be subject to significant fluctuations that may not correlate with 
changes in interest rates, currencies or indices; and 
(v) 
the timing of changes in the value of Shares may affect the actual yield to investors, 
and investors should take advice accordingly.  
In relation to Company I and the Company I Shares, prospective investors should refer to 
the "Risk Factors" section as set out in the Company I Share Prospectus. In relation to 
the ICAV, Sub-Fund and Sub-Fund Shares, prospective investors should refer to the 
"Risk Factors" section as set out in the ICAV Prospectus and any supplements thereto 
issued by the ICAV in respect of the relevant Sub-Fund from time to time. 
Despite the fact that, in relation to a Company, a net asset value may be published, 
potential investors should be aware that payments on the Certificates will be determined 
by reference to Realised Share NAV.  Any such amounts may be significantly different 
from amounts calculated by reference to the net asset value of the particular Company.  
In addition, in relation to payments due on Certificates which are determined by 
reference to amounts that would be received by an investor, where such investor would 
receive payments after their scheduled payment date, corresponding delays may also be 
made to equivalent payments on the Certificates. 
A large number of subscription or repurchase orders with the Company by investors can 
lead to either an accelerated sale or temporary dilution of assets and higher fees for the 
remaining investors or "gating" where such orders are only satisfied in part, with others

--- Page 35 ---
PL/PL/398925/2/UKM/106150756.12
35
being delayed.  In addition, there may not be a liquid market in the Shares of the 
Company and consequently there may be a considerable time delay before any relevant 
Share may be realised. 
If risks materialise in respect of the Company (or its related agents) in which the Issuer 
invests the net proceeds of the Certificates of a particular Series, only the Certificates of 
such Series would be affected. However, the risks could materialise for the entities 
associated with more than one Series of Certificates, especially if such entities act as 
agent for more than one Company. 
Such factors may consequently have an adverse impact on the Certificate Redemption 
Amount received in respect of any Series of Certificates and include the following: 
 
the short-term performance of a Company's investments may fluctuate 
significantly even though the manager or adviser for such Company is seeking to 
achieve significant gains over the longer term and therefore investment in the 
Company may not be suitable for short-term investment; 
 
Shares in a Company may only be transferable with the consent of the manager 
of such Company. Consequently, the Issuer may only be able to dispose of the 
Shares by means of withdrawal on a Business Day (with a certain number of 
Business Days' prior notice) (and, in certain circumstances, the right of 
withdrawal may be limited or suspended) which could mean there is no 
secondary market for the Shares of a Company;  
 
the Issuer, as a shareholder of a Company, could lose all or a substantial portion 
of its investment in that Company; 
 
a Company may have been recently formed or will be formed in the future and 
therefore will have limited or no trading activities as of the date of this Base 
Prospectus.  Consequently, there will be limited operating history upon which the 
Issuer (and therefore also investors in the Certificates) can evaluate past 
performance;  
 
Fees may be incurred at the level of the assets held by a Company that lower the 
value of these assets, and thereby also indirectly lower the net asset value of the 
Company itself.  Such fees occur especially if the Company for its part invests in 
a funds (or a fund of funds) or other investment vehicles or instruments entailing 
fees; 
 
Companies might invest in debt instruments and unlisted securities that provide 
such Companies with direct or indirect exposure to entities which use debt 
financing or trade on margin (i.e. borrowing against the assets purchased) to 
obtain an optimum return on their equity capital.  The use of such techniques 
may therefore increase the volatility of the price of such debt instruments and 
unlisted securities and as a result may impact the returns of such Companies;  
 
the Company might base trading decisions on mathematical analyses of technical 
factors relating to past market performance rather than fundamental analysis. 
The buy and sell signals generated by a technical, trend-following trading 
strategy are derived from a study of actual intraday and daily price fluctuations, 
volume variations and changes in open interest in the markets. The profitability of 
any technical, trend-following trading strategy depends upon the occurrence in 
the future of significant, sustained price moves in some of the markets traded. A 
danger for trend-following trading strategies is whip-saw markets, that is, markets 
in which a potential price trend may start to develop but reverses before an actual 
trend is realised. A pattern of false starts may generate repeated entry and exit 
signals in technical systems, resulting in unprofitable transactions; and

--- Page 36 ---
PL/PL/398925/2/UKM/106150756.12
36
 
a Company may be subject to several conflicts of interest that may be detrimental 
to the performance of the Company. For example: (i) an adviser to a Company 
might not be required to devote its full time to the Company; (ii) an adviser to a 
Company may have a conflict of interest when allocating investment 
opportunities between the Company and its other clients; (iii) an adviser to a 
Company may trade in the types of assets invested in by the Company for its 
own respective accounts; or (iv) other agents and service providers to a 
Company may engage in businesses that are competitive to that of the 
Company. 
(b) Underlying Assets 
The Underlying Assets relating to any Certificates will be subject to credit, liquidity and 
interest rate risks which may limit the amount the Issuer or the Note Trustee may recover in 
respect of such Underlying Assets. 
In particular, the insolvency of the Company or the early redemption of the Certificates may 
result in the Underlying Assets being sold prior to the Maturity Date of the Certificates.  
In such a situation, the price at which such Underlying Assets is sold or liquidated may be 
at a discount, which could be substantial, to the market value of the Underlying Assets on 
the issue date and the proceeds of any such sale or liquidation and any other assets 
available to the Issuer that relate to the relevant Series of Certificates may not be sufficient, 
following deduction of amounts to be paid to prior ranking claimants in accordance with the 
Conditions, to pay the redemption amount on the relevant Certificates that the holders of 
such Certificates would expect to receive in the event that the Certificates were redeemed 
in accordance with their terms on their Maturity Date. 
(c) No claim against any obligor of the Underlying Assets 
The Certificates will not represent a claim against the obligor of the Underlying Assets and, 
in the event of any loss, a Certificateholder will not have recourse under the Certificates to 
the obligor of the Underlying Assets. 
4. Risks relating to the Series Transaction Parties 
(a) The Paying Agent 
Any payments made to Certificateholders in accordance with the terms and conditions of 
the Certificates will be made by the Paying Agent on behalf of the Issuer. Pursuant to the 
Agency Agreement, the Issuer is to transfer to the Paying Agent such amount as may be 
due under the Certificates, on or before each date on which such payment in respect of the 
Certificates becomes due. 
If the Paying Agent, while holding funds for payment to Certificateholders in respect of the 
Certificates, is declared insolvent, the Certificateholders may not receive all (or any part) of 
any amounts due to them in respect of the Certificates from the Paying Agent. The Issuer 
will still be liable to Certificateholders in respect of such unpaid amounts but the Issuer will 
have insufficient assets to make such payments (or any part thereof) and Certificateholders 
may not receive all, or any part, of any amounts due to them. Consequently, the 
Certificateholders are relying not only on the creditworthiness of the Underlying Assets but 
also on the creditworthiness of the Paying Agent in respect of the performance of its 
obligations under the Agency Agreement to make or facilitate payments to 
Certificateholders.

--- Page 37 ---
PL/PL/398925/2/UKM/106150756.12
37
(b) The Calculation Agent 
The Calculation Agent has broad discretionary authority to make various determinations 
under the Certificates, any of which may have an adverse effect on the market value 
thereof or amounts payable or other benefits to be received thereunder.  
If the Calculation Agent determines that  certain events are material for the purposes of the 
Certificates and it does not waive or make an Adjustment in respect of such event, an Early 
Termination Event will occur and this will lead to a Mandatory Redemption Event occurring 
which will cause the Certificates to be redeemed other than at their Maturity Date and may 
result in Certificateholders receiving less than they would have received if the Certificates 
has been redeemed at their Maturity Date (see also "Risk Factors – Risks relating to the 
Certificates – Amounts payable to Certificateholders on early redemption").

--- Page 38 ---
PL/PL/398925/2/UKM/106150756.12
38
TRANSACTION STRUCTURE DIAGRAM
The diagram below is intended to provide an overview of the structure of a standard transaction. Prospective investors should also review the detailed 
information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus prior to making any investment decision. In the diagram below dotted lines represent contractual 
relationship and the solid lines represent cashflows

--- Page 39 ---
PL/PL/398925/2/UKM/106150756.12
39
Conflicts of Interest 
General 
Any Series Transaction Party and any of its affiliates may act in a number of capacities in 
connection with any issue of Certificates. Any Series Transaction Party or any such affiliate, 
as the case may be, when acting in such capacities in connection with the transactions 
described herein in respect of any Series of Certificates shall have only the duties and 
responsibilities expressly agreed to by such entity in the relevant capacity and shall not, by 
virtue of its or any affiliate acting in any other capacity, be deemed to have other duties or 
responsibilities or be deemed to hold a standard of care other than as expressly provided 
with respect to the relevant capacity. Any Series Transaction Party and any of its affiliates 
in its various capacities may enter into business dealings relating to the Certificates or the 
Underlying Assets, as applicable, or any asset to which the Certificates or Underlying 
Assets are exposed, including the acquisition and/or sale of the Certificates, from which 
they may derive revenues and profits in addition to any fees stated in the various 
documents, without any duty to account therefor. 
Any Series Transaction Party and any of its affiliates may from time to time be in 
possession of certain information (confidential or otherwise) and/or opinions with regard to 
the Company which information and/or opinions might, if known by a Certificateholder, 
affect decisions made by it with respect to its investment in the Certificates. 
Notwithstanding this, none of the Series Transaction Parties or any of their affiliates shall 
have any duty or obligation to notify the Certificateholder or the Issuer or any other Series 
Transaction Parties (including any directors, officers or employees thereof) of such 
information and/or opinions. 
Any Series Transaction Party and any of its affiliates may deal in any obligation of the 
Company and may accept deposits from, make loans or otherwise extend credit to, and 
generally engage in any kind of commercial or investment banking or other business 
transactions with, the Company and may act with respect to such transactions in the same 
manner as if the Certificates of the relevant Series did not exist and without regard to 
whether any such action might have an adverse effect on the Company, the Issuer or the 
Certificateholders of the relevant Series. 
Any Series Transaction Party and any of its affiliates may at any time be active and 
significant participants in or act as market maker in relation to a wide range of markets for 
currencies, instruments relating to currencies, securities and derivatives. Activities 
undertaken by any Series Transaction Party and any of its affiliates may be on such a scale 
as to affect, temporarily or on a long-term basis, the price of such currencies, instruments 
relating to currencies, securities and derivatives or securities and derivatives based on, or 
relating to the Certificates or any Underlying Assets. Notwithstanding this, none of the 
Series Transaction Parties or any of their affiliates shall have any duty or obligation to take 
into account the interests of any party in relation to any Certificates when effecting 
transactions in such markets. 
One or more of the Series Transaction Parties and their affiliates may: 
(a)  
have placed or underwritten, or acted as a financial arranger, structuring agent or 
adviser in connection with the original issuance of, or may act as a broker or dealer 
with respect to the Underlying Assets; 
(b)  
act as trustee, paying agent and in other capacities in connection with certain of the 
Underlying Assets or other classes of securities issued by the Company or an 
affiliate thereof; 
(c)  
be a counterparty to the Company under a swap or other derivative agreements;

--- Page 40 ---
PL/PL/398925/2/UKM/106150756.12
40
(d)  
lend to certain of the Company or its affiliates or receive guarantees from such 
issuers, obligors or their respective affiliates; 
(e)  
provide other investment banking, asset management, commercial banking, 
financing or financial advisory services to the Company or its affiliates; or  
(f)  
have an equity interest, which may be a substantial equity interest, in the Company 
or its affiliates. 
The Dealer may have acquired, or during the terms of the Certificates may acquire 
confidential information or enter into transaction with respect to Underlying Assets and they 
shall not be under any duty to disclose such confidential information to any Certificateholder 
of the Issuer. 
When acting as a trustee, paying agent or in other service capacities with respect to the 
Underlying Assets, the Series Transaction Parties are entitled to fees and expenses (if 
not otherwise paid) senior in priority to payments on such Underlying Assets. When 
acting as a trustee for other classes of securities issued by the Company or an affiliate 
thereof, a Series Transaction Party may owe fiduciary duties to the holders of such other 
classes of securities, which classes of securities may have differing interests from the 
holders of the class of securities of which the relevant Underlying Assets are a part, and 
may take actions that are adverse to the holders (including, where applicable, the Issuer) 
of the class of securities of which the relevant Underlying Assets are a part. As a 
counterparty under swaps and other derivative agreements, a Series Transaction Party 
may take actions adverse to the interests of the Issuer, including, but not limited to, 
demanding collateralisation of its exposure under such agreements (if provided for 
thereunder) or terminating such swaps or agreements in accordance with the terms 
thereof. In making and administering loans and other obligations, a Series Transaction 
Party may take actions including, but not limited to, restructuring a loan, foreclosing on or 
exercising other remedies with respect to a loan, requiring additional collateral or other 
credit enhancement, charging significant fees and interest, placing the issuers of, or 
obligors with respect to, any Underlying Assets in bankruptcy and/or demanding payment 
on a loan guarantee or under other credit enhancement. The Issuer's acquisition, holding 
and sale of the Underlying Assets may enhance the profitability or value of investments 
made by a Series Transaction Party in the issuers thereof or obligors in respect thereof. 
As a result of all such transactions or arrangements between a Series Transaction Party 
and the Company or their respective affiliates, a Series Transaction Party may have 
interests that are contrary to the interests of the Issuer and the Certificateholders. 
THE NOTE TRUSTEE 
In connection with the exercise of its functions in respect of a Series, the Note Trustee shall 
have regard to the interests of the Certificateholders of that Series as a class and shall not 
have regard to the consequences of such exercise for individual Certificateholders and the 
Note Trustee shall not be entitled to require, nor shall any Certificateholder be entitled to 
claim, from the Issuer any indemnification or payment in respect of any tax consequence of 
any such exercise upon individual Certificateholders. In acting as Note Trustee under the 
Trust Deed, the Note Trustee shall not, in respect of Certificates of any Series, assume any 
duty or responsibility to the Paying Agent or any other secured creditor or any other Series 
Transaction Party (other than to pay any such party any moneys received and payable to it 
and to act in accordance with the Conditions and the Trust Deed) and shall have regard 
solely to the interests of the Certificateholders and shall not be obliged to act on any 
directions of any secured creditor or Series Transaction Party if this would in the Note 
Trustee's opinion be contrary to the interests of the Certificateholders (other than if such 
actions are in accordance with the Relevant Agreements).

--- Page 41 ---
PL/PL/398925/2/UKM/106150756.12
41
SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION 
The Issuer shall prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus in the circumstances 
required by, and in compliance with the Prospectus Regulation and relevant implementing 
measures in Ireland. A supplement to this Base Prospectus prepared in the circumstances 
specified above shall be a "Supplement".

--- Page 42 ---
PL/PL/398925/2/UKM/106150756.12
42
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions applicable to the Certificates issued 
under the Programme. Such terms and conditions, subject to completion in accordance 
with the provisions of the applicable Final Terms or completion, amendment, supplement 
and/or variation in accordance with the provisions of the applicable Alternative Drawdown 
Document, shall be applicable to the Certificates. Either (i) the full text of these Conditions 
together with the relevant provisions of the applicable Final Terms or (ii) these Conditions 
as so completed (in the case of Final Terms) or as so completed, amended, supplemented 
or varied (in the case of an Alternative Drawdown Document) (and in each case subject to 
simplification by the deletion of non-applicable provisions) shall be endorsed on  the 
Definitive Certificates and Global Certificates (as applicable) relating to the Certificates. All 
capitalised terms that are not defined in these Conditions will have the meaning given to 
them in the Principal Trust Deed, and/or relevant Issue Terms.  
In respect of the Certificates, “Issue Terms” means the applicable “Final Terms” for the 
purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation completed by the Issuer which specifies 
the issue details of the Certificates or, in all other cases, the applicable terms and 
conditions set out in the “Alternative Drawdown Document” which may include a pricing 
supplement, a prospectus relating to the Certificates or other similar document 
incorporating by reference the whole or any part of these Terms and Conditions. 
References to "Certificates" are to Certificates of one series of Certificates (each, a 
"Series") only, not to all Certificates that may be issued under the Programme.  
The Certificates ("Certificates") are constituted by a supplemental trust deed (the 
"Supplemental Trust Deed") dated the date of issue of the Certificates (the "Issue Date") 
between, inter alios, Mosel Capital Limited (the "Issuer") and BNY Mellon Corporate 
Trustee Services Limited as note trustee for the Certificateholders (the "Note Trustee", 
which expression shall include all persons for the time being the note trustee or note 
trustees under the Principal Trust Deed (as defined below)). The Supplemental Trust Deed 
is supplemental to a trust deed (the "Principal Trust Deed", which expression shall include 
any amendments or supplements thereto) dated 4 December 2013 as amended 22 June 
2018 and as further amended, supplemented and/or amended and restated from time to 
time between the Issuer and the Note Trustee (together with the Supplemental Trust Deed, 
the "Trust Deed").  
Payments under the Certificates will be made pursuant to an agency agreement dated 
4 December 2013 as amended 22 June 2018 and as further amended, supplemented 
and/or amended and restated from time to time made between the Issuer, the Note 
Trustee, Crestbridge Fund Administrators Limited, in its capacity as calculation agent (the 
"Calculation Agent"), Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc as certificate custodian (the 
"Certificate Custodian"), The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch, having its 
registered office at One Canada Square, London, E14 5AL, in its capacity as paying agent 
(the "Paying Agent") and as transfer agent (the "Transfer Agent") and The Bank of New 
York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch as the registrar (the "Registrar") or their 
successors from time to time (the "Agency Agreement").  
Statements in these terms and conditions (the "Conditions") are subject to the detailed 
provisions of the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement and any other Relevant Agreements 
entered into in connection with the Certificates, copies of which are available for inspection 
at the offices of the Paying Agent. The Trust Deed includes the forms of the Certificates. 
Certificateholders are entitled to the benefit of, are bound by and are deemed to have 
notice of (i) all the provisions contained in the Trust Deed, (ii) those provisions applicable to 
them of the Agency Agreement and (iii) those provisions applicable to them in any other 
Relevant Agreement entered into in connection with the Certificates.

--- Page 43 ---
PL/PL/398925/2/UKM/106150756.12
43
1. 
DEFINITIONS 
"Adjusted Maturity Date" means, if applicable and specified, the Scheduled 
Maturity Date specified in the Issue Terms, save that if the Issuer has not received 
by the Scheduled Maturity Date (a) the full cash proceeds of redemption of the 
Shares, (b) in the context of a redemption of the Shares due to be effected in kind, 
the cash proceeds of disposal or redemption of the assets underlying the Shares or 
(c) any other form of liquidation of the Shares, as applicable, the Adjusted Maturity 
Date shall be the twentieth Business Day following such receipt; 
"Agents" means the Paying Agent, the Registrar, the Transfer Agent, the 
Calculation Agent and the Certificate Custodian; 
"AIF" means an alternative investment fund as defined in the AIFMD Regulations;  
"AIF Rulebook" means the Central Bank's AIF Rulebook; 
"AIFM" means the alternative investment fund manager of the ICAV, namely, 
Aspect Capital Limited or such other entity as may be appointed by the ICAV from 
time to time in accordance with the requirements of the Central Bank; 
"AIFM Directive" means Directive 2011/61/EU and 
 any 
implementing 
regulations issued in respect thereof (including the AIFMD Level 2 Regulations); 
"AIFMD Level 2 Regulations" means the Commission Delegated Regulation 
(EU)No 231/2013 of 19 December 2013 supplementing AIFM Directive; 
"AIFMD Regulations" means the European Union (Alternative Investment Fund 
Managers) Regulations (S.I. 257 of 2013) as may be modified, amended, 
supplemented, consolidated or re-enacted from time to time; 
"Alternative Programme Agreements" means those agreements documenting 
and/or approving other programmes entered into by the Issuer to issue certificates 
or notes that are separate from the Programme, provided that such other 
programmes that the Issuer enters into have substantially the same provisions in 
respect of limited recourse provisions as the Programme;  
"Associate" means: 
(a) 
an affiliated company of the relevant entity; 
(b) 
an appointed representative of the relevant entity; and 
(c) 
any other person whose business or domestic relationship with the relevant 
entity or his associate might reasonably be expected to give rise to a 
community of interest between them which may involve a conflict of interest 
in dealings with third parties; 
"Base Currency" means in relation to any Sub-Fund, such currency as is specified 
as such in the relevant ICAV Prospectus Supplement; 
"Business Day" means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in New York and London, Dublin and Jersey, Channel Islands;

--- Page 44 ---
PL/PL/398925/2/UKM/106150756.12
44
"Certificate" means a certificate issued in registered form for a Series pursuant to 
the Trust Deed;  
"Certificate Buy-back Amount" means, for each Certificate being repurchased by 
the Issuer, an amount determined by the Calculation Agent, in its sole discretion, 
equal to the Net Realised Share NAV for each Share realised to effect the 
repurchase of such Certificates;  
"Certificate Price" means, on any date on which such price is to be determined, 
an amount per Certificate equal to the Share NAV of the Shares held by the Issuer 
in respect of such Certificates;  
"Certificate Redemption Amount" means, for each Certificate being redeemed, 
an amount determined by the Calculation Agent, in its sole discretion, equal to the 
Net Realised Share NAV for each Share realised to effect the redemption of such 
Certificate;  
"Certificateholder" or "holder" means (in relation to a Certificate) the holder of a 
Certificate or Certificates and shall be the person whose name is entered in the 
Register as the holder of a Certificate;  
"Class" or "Class of Shares" means any class of Shares issued by the ICAV in 
respect of any Sub-Fund, details of which are set forth in the relevant ICAV 
Prospectus Supplement; 
"Class Series" means in relation to each Class of Shares of a relevant Sub-Fund, 
a series of that Class; 
"Class Account" means a separate account for each Class in a Sub-Fund; 
"Class Currency" means the currency of account of a Class of a Sub-Fund which 
unless otherwise specified, shall be the Base Currency; 
"Clearing Broker" means any clearing broker appointed to one or more Sub-
Funds by the ICAV and/or such other persons or entities as may be appointed as 
clearing brokers in accordance with the requirements of the AIFM Directive, by 
the Directors to one or more Sub-Funds from time to time; 
"Company" means either, in the case of Certificates linked to the Company I 
Shares, Company I or, in the case of Certificates linked to the Sub-Fund Shares, 
the relevant Sub-Fund, and in each case as specified in the Issue Terms for each 
Series;  
"Company Administrator" means the person, firm or corporation appointed, and 
from time to time acting, as administrator of the relevant Company;  
"Company Business Day" means every day (except a Saturday or Sunday and 
legal public holidays in London, Dublin, Cayman Islands and Luxembourg) during 
which banks in London, Dublin, Cayman Islands and Luxembourg are open for 
normal business and/or such other days as the directors of the Company may from 
time to time determine;  
"Company Document" means any prospectus (howsoever described) or 
supplement thereto of the Company or the constitutional documents of the 
Company or such other documentation issued by or entered into by the Company 
which is material to the Certificates in the determination of the Calculation Agent;

--- Page 45 ---
PL/PL/398925/2/UKM/106150756.12
45
"Company I" means Aspect Diversified Trends Trading Company I, an exempted 
company incorporated with limited liability in the Cayman Islands;  
"Company I Shares" means the Class A US dollar shares of US$0.001 par value 
of Company I acquired by the Issuer from the net proceeds of sale of the 
Certificates of a Series and any Custodian Certificates;  
"Company Investment Subscription Date" means in relation to a request for sale 
of further Certificates to the Dealer, the second Company Business Day following 
the date on which such request has been received by the Issuer;  
"Corporate Administrator" means Crestbridge Corporate Services Limited, a 
company incorporated in Jersey with registered number 71285 and having its 
registered office at 47 Esplanade, St Helier, Jersey JE1 0BD;  
"Custodian Certificates" means such of the Certificates repurchased from time to 
time by the Issuer and held on its behalf by the Certificate Custodian;  
"Dealer" means Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc;  
"Dealer Agreement" means the dealer agreement dated 4 December 2013 as 
amended 22 June 2018 and as further amended, supplemented and/or amended 
and restated from time to time, and made between the Issuer and the Dealer;  
"Dealing Day" means a dealing day for subscriptions, exchanges or redemptions 
in respect of a Sub-Fund as set out in the relevant ICAV Prospectus Supplement; 
"ESMA" means the European Securities and Markets Authority; 
"Expenses Agreement" means: 
(a) 
in relation to Certificates linked to Company I Shares, the agreement 
dated 4 December 2013 between the Issuer and Company I; and 
(b) 
in relation to Certificates linked to a Sub-Fund; such expenses 
agreements which may be entered into from time to time between the 
Issuer and the ICAV acting solely in respect of the relevant Sub-Fund, 
in each case as amended, supplemented and/or amended and restated from time 
to time; 
"External Valuer" means any legal or natural person independent from the ICAV 
and the AIFM and any other persons with close links to the ICAV or the AIFM within 
the meaning of Article 19 of the AIFM Directive which may be appointed in order to 
perform certain valuation functions in relation to any Sub-Fund; 
"FATCA" means collectively, sections 1471 through 1474 of the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or any successor provisions or any current or 
future U.S. Treasury Regulations promulgated thereunder, official interpretations 
thereof, published administrative guidance implementing such Sections or 
Regulations whenever promulgated or published, or any fiscal or regulatory 
legislation, rules, or practices adopted pursuant to any intergovernmental 
agreement entered into in connection with the implementation thereof; 
"FCA Rules" means the rules of the FCA applicable to the AIFM; 
"Final Terms" means the final terms for each Series as annexed to the relevant 
Supplemental Trust Deed;

--- Page 46 ---
PL/PL/398925/2/UKM/106150756.12
46
"Fixed Maturity Date" means, if applicable and specified, the Fixed Maturity Date 
specified in the Issue Terms; 
"ICAV" means Aspect Investment Programmes ICAV, an umbrella Irish collective 
asset-management vehicle with variable capital and with segregated liability 
between sub-funds incorporated in Ireland on 3 May 2018 under the Irish Collective 
Asset-management Vehicles Act 2015 and authorised by the Central Bank of 
Ireland as a qualifying investor alternative investment fund;  
"ICAV Act" means the Irish Collective Asset-management Vehicles Act 2015 
including any regulations made thereunder by ministerial order and any conditions 
that may from time to time be imposed thereunder by the Central Bank whether by 
notice or otherwise affecting the ICAV; 
"ICAV Administration Agreement" means the agreement between the ICAV, the 
AIFM and the Company Administrator dated 14 June 2018, as amended or 
supplemented from time to time 
"ICAV Auditor" means KPMG; 
"ICAV Depositary" means BNY Mellon Belgium (Dublin Branch) or any successor 
thereto approved by the Central Bank as depositary of the ICAV and each Sub-
Fund; 
"ICAV Depositary Agreement" means  the agreement between the ICAV, the 
AIFM and the ICAV Depositary dated 14 June 2018, as amended or supplemented 
from time to time; 
"ICAV Directors" means the members of the board of directors of the ICAV for the 
time being and any duly constituted committee thereof; 
"ICAV Instrument of Incorporation" means the instrument of incorporation of the 
ICAV as amended from time to time in accordance with the requirements of the 
Central Bank; 
"ICAV Investment" means a permitted investment as set out in the ICAV 
Instrument of Incorporation; 
"ICAV Service Provider" means the AIFM, the Company Administrator, the 
Depositary, the brokers and other service providers, as applicable, referenced in 
the ICAV Prospectus or any ICAV Prospectus Supplement  
"IFRS" means International Financial Reporting Standards or such other 
accounting standards as may be determined; 
"Illegality" means the adoption of, or any change in, any applicable law after the 
Issue Date, or the promulgation of, or any change in, the interpretation by any court, 
tribunal or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law 
after the Issue Date, as a result of which it becomes unlawful for the Issuer, the 
Investment Manager, the Company Administrator, the Company, the Dealer, the 
Paying Agent, the Certificate Custodian, the Calculation Agent, the Corporate 
Administrator or the Note Trustee to comply with their obligations under the 
Relevant Agreements;  
"Implementation of Financial Transaction Tax" means the adoption of, or any 
change in any applicable law or regulation implementing, a financial transaction tax 
in any jurisdiction (including the European Union) payable in respect of the transfer 
of, or issue or modification or redemption of, any financial instruments or otherwise

--- Page 47 ---
PL/PL/398925/2/UKM/106150756.12
47
of a kind contemplated in the European Commission consultation paper on financial 
services sector taxation dated 22 February 2011 (or any other similar proposal); 
"Investment Manager" means Aspect Capital Limited, a UK private limited 
company registered with company number 03491169;  
"Knowledgeable Person" means an investor who the ICAV is satisfied is: 
(a) a Director; 
(b) the AIFM or any entity within the AIFM's group; 
(c) any entity appointed to provide investment management or advisory services to 
the ICAV; 
(d) a director or a partner of the AIFM or a director or a partner of any entity 
appointed to provide investment management or advisory services to the ICAV; and 
(e) an employee of the AIFM, or an employee of any entity appointed to provide 
investment management or advisory services to the ICAV, who in the opinion of the 
Directors is an employee that is (i) directly involved in the investment activities of 
the ICAV, or (ii) is a senior employee of the relevant entity and has experience in 
the provision of investment management services, 
and who in each case certifies in writing to the ICAV that (i) the investor is availing 
of the exemption from the minimum subscription requirement of €100,000 (or its 
currency equivalent) on the basis that the investor is a "Knowledgeable Person" as 
defined above; (ii) the investor is aware that each Sub-Fund is marketed solely to 
Qualifying Investors and is normally subject to a minimum subscription requirement 
of €100,000 (or its foreign currency equivalent); (iii) the investor is aware of the risk 
involved in the proposed investment and; (iv) the investor is aware that inherent in 
such investment is the potential to lose all of the sum invested; 
"Maturity Date" means for each Series either the Fixed Maturity Date or the 
Adjusted Maturity Date, as applicable;  
"Minimum Initial Investment Amount" means such amount (if any) as the ICAV 
may from time to time determine as the minimum initial investment amount required 
by each Shareholder for Shares of each Series Class as is specified in the relevant 
ICAV Prospectus Supplement, provided that the Directors shall not accept 
applications for Shares from any Qualifying Investor unless the applicant's initial 
subscription in the ICAV as a whole (or capital commitment, where applicable) is 
equal to or greater than the minimum amount required by the Central Bank for the 
ICAV to maintain qualifying investor alternative investment fund status (which at the 
date of this Prospectus is €100,000, or its foreign currency equivalent); 
"Net Asset Value" means the amount determined in accordance with the principles 
set out in the "Valuations" section as the net asset value of the ICAV, a Sub-Fund 
or Class or the net asset value per Share of a Class or Class Series; 
"Net Realised Share NAV" means, for each Certificate being repurchased by the 
Issuer or redeemed, an amount determined by the Calculation Agent, in its sole 
discretion, equal to the Realised Share NAV minus the Transaction Fees (if any);  
"Number of Certificates" means the total number of Certificates (excluding for 
these purposes Custodian Certificates) outstanding on any date on which such 
number is to be determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole discretion;

--- Page 48 ---
PL/PL/398925/2/UKM/106150756.12
48
"Payment Business Day" means any day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) 
which is a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange 
and foreign currency deposits) in the Principal Financial Centre of the currency of 
payment;  
"Prime Broker" means any prime broker appointed to one or more Sub-Funds by 
the ICAV and/or such other persons or entities as may be appointed as prime 
brokers to one or more Sub-Funds, in accordance with the requirements of the 
AIFM Directive; 
"Principal Financial Centre" means, for a Series, the Principal Financial Centre 
specified in the Issue Terms and in relation to any currency, the principal financial 
centre for that currency;  
"Programme" means the US$10,000,000,000 certificate programme linked to the 
shares 
of 
Company 
I 
and 
Sub-Funds 
of 
the 
Issuer 
established 
on 
4 December 2013;  
"QIAIF" means a qualifying investor alternative investment fund; 
"Qualifying Investor" has the meaning required by the AIF Rulebook, which at 
the date of the ICAV Prospectus means an investor who has certified in writing 
to the ICAV that it is: 
(a) 
a professional client within the meaning of Annex II of Directive 
2004/39/EC (Markets in Financial Instruments Directive) ("MiFID"); or 
(b) 
an investor who receives an appraisal from an EU credit institution, a 
MiFID firm or a UCITS management company that the investor has the 
appropriate expertise, experience and knowledge to adequately 
understand the investment in the ICAV; or 
(c) 
an investor who certifies that it is an informed investor by providing 
confirmation (in writing) that (i) the investor has such knowledge of and 
experience in financial and business matters as would enable the 
investor properly to evaluate the merits and risks of the prospective 
investment; or (ii) the investor's business involves, whether for its own 
account or the account of others, the management, acquisition or 
disposal of property of the same kind as the property of the ICAV; and 
(d) 
it is aware of the risk involved in the proposed investment and that 
inherent in such investment is the potential to lose all of the sum 
invested. 
It should be noted that within the EEA, a Sub-Fund may only be marketed to 
professional investors as defined in AIFM Directive unless the EEA Member 
State in question permits, under the laws of that EEA Member State, the Sub-
Fund to be sold to other categories of investors and this permission 
encompasses investors set out in categories (b) and (c) in the definition of 
Qualifying Investor; 
"Realised Share NAV" means on any date, for each Share, an amount determined 
by the Calculation Agent, in its sole discretion, equal to: (a) the net liquidated 
proceeds of the Underlying Assets received by the Issuer in respect of the Shares

--- Page 49 ---
PL/PL/398925/2/UKM/106150756.12
49
realised on such date for such purpose divided by (b) either: (i) in respect of 
Certificates being repurchased on any date under a buy-back, the number of 
Certificates being repurchased on such date; or (ii) in respect of the final 
redemption of all Certificates, the number of outstanding Certificates;  
"Recognised Exchange" means any stock exchange or market which is regulated, 
operates regularly, is recognised and open to the public; 
"Redemption Dealing Day" means the redemption dealing day for a Sub-Fund (if 
any) as set out in the relevant Supplement; 
"Relevant Agreement" means the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement, the Dealer 
Agreement and the Expenses Agreement; 
"Relevant Date" means, in respect of a Certificate, the date on which payment in 
respect thereof first becomes due or (if the full amount of the moneys payable in 
respect of all the Certificates due on or before that date has not been duly received 
by the Paying Agent or, if applicable, the Note Trustee on or before that date) the 
date on which notice that the full amount of such moneys has been received is duly 
given to the Certificateholders in accordance with Condition 17;  
"Requested Fungible Notional" means, in relation to a Company Investment 
Subscription Date, the aggregate value of the Certificates which the Dealer wishes 
to purchase per investor on a Company Investment Subscription Date;  
"Scheduled Maturity Date" means, if applicable and specified, the Scheduled 
Maturity Date specified in the Issue Terms;
"Series" means a Series of Certificates;  
"SFT" means a securities financing transaction; 
"Shareholders" means, in the case of Company I, holders of Company I Shares 
and, in the case of a Sub-Fund, holders of Sub-Fund Shares, as applicable to the 
relevant Certificate relating to each particular Class Series, as specified in the Issue 
Terms;  
"Share NAV" means the most recently available published net asset value of the 
Shares determined by or on behalf of the Company;  
"Shares" means, in the case of Company I, Company I Shares and, in the case of 
a Sub-Fund, Sub-Fund Shares, as applicable to the relevant Certificate relating to 
each particular Series, as specified in the Issue Terms;  
"Specified Currency"means the currency specified in the Issue Terms or, if none 
is specified, the currency in which the Certificates are denominated, which shall be 
the same currency as the Shares related to such Certificates are denominated in; 
"Sub-Fund" means each portfolio of assets constituted as a sub-fund of the ICAV 
and in respect of which Certificates linked to the instruments or interests issued by 
such sub-fund have been issued by the Issuer;  
"Sub-Fund Shares" means respective shares or interests in a Sub-Fund as 
applicable to the relevant Certificates relating to each particular Series acquired by 
the Issuer from the net proceeds of sale of the Certificates of a Series and any 
Custodian Certificates;

--- Page 50 ---
PL/PL/398925/2/UKM/106150756.12
50
"Subscription Conditions Precedent" means the conditions precedent to the 
issue of the Certificates and purchase of Custodian Certificates on a Company 
Investment Subscription Date as set out in the Dealer Agreement;  
"Subscription Dealing Day" means the subscription dealing day for a Sub-Fund (if 
any) as set out in the relevant ICAV Prospectus Supplement; 
"Tax Event" means that the Issuer is or would be required by law, or is expected at 
any time, to withhold or account for any tax on any payment to be made by it on or 
in connection with the Certificates or would suffer, or expects to at any time suffer, 
or is expected at any time to suffer, tax in respect of its income or its investments or 
receivables;  
"UCITS" means an undertaking for collective investment in transferable securities 
within the meaning of the UCITS Regulations; 
"UCITS Regulations" means the European Communities (Undertakings for 
Collective Investment in Transferable Securities) Regulations 2011 (S.I. No. 352 of 
2011) as amended, supplemented or consolidated from time to time; 
"Transaction Fees" means a percentage per annum (as specified in the Issue 
Terms) of the Certificate Price which is calculated and accrued on a daily basis. 
The Transaction Fees will be deducted by the Calculation Agent from the Certificate 
Buy-back Amount and/or the Certificate Redemption Amount, as applicable, upon a 
voluntary repurchase and/or final redemption, as applicable, and be paid to the 
Dealer as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter; 
 "Valuation Point" means the time on or with respect to a Dealing Day by reference 
to which the Net Asset Value of a Sub-Fund and the Net Asset Value per Share are 
calculated, as shall be specified in the Supplement for the relevant Sub-Fund, 
provided that there be at least one Valuation Point (i) per calendar quarter for open-
ended Sub-Funds and (ii) per annum for limited liquidity and closed-ended Sub-
Funds;  
"Valuation Policy" means the valuation and pricing policy of the AIFM; and 
"VAT" means: 
(a) 
any tax imposed in compliance with the Council Directive of 28 November 
2006 on the common system of value added tax (EC Directive 2006/112);  
(b) 
any tax imposed in compliance with the Value Added Tax Act 1994; and 
(c) 
any other tax of a similar nature (whether imposed in the United Kingdom, a 
member state of the European Union in substitution for, or levied in addition 
to, such tax referred to in paragraph (a) above, or imposed elsewhere).
2. 
FORM AND TITLE 
The Certificates are issued in Series (each a "Series") in registered form, serially 
numbered, in nominal amounts of US$1.00 each (or its equivalent in other 
currencies rounded upwards as agreed between the Issuer and the Dealer). The 
minimum value of Certificates that can be subscribed for by an investor shall be an 
amount in US$ (or the equivalent in other currencies) such that the equivalent 
amount in Euros as at the date of such subscription or transfer shall be €100,000.  
An existing Certificateholder may subsequently subscribe for any number of 
additional certificates. If a new investor were to purchase Certificates on a date

--- Page 51 ---
PL/PL/398925/2/UKM/106150756.12
51
other than the issue date for such certificates from the Issuer or through the 
secondary market, then such investor will have to subscribe for a sufficient number 
of Certificates so that the purchase price payable therefor will be the US$ 
equivalent (or the equivalent in other currencies), at such time, of €100,000 or 
more.  
The Certificates are not issuable in bearer form.  
The Certificates are represented by registered definitive certificates ("Definitive 
Certificates"), serially numbered, each Definitive Certificate representing a holding 
of one or more Certificates by the same holder.  
Title to the Certificates shall pass by registration in the register (the "Register") that 
the Issuer shall procure to be kept by the Registrar in accordance with the Agency 
Agreement.  
Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the 
holder of any Certificate shall be deemed to be and may be treated by the Issuer, 
the Note Trustee and the Paying Agent as the absolute owner of such Certificate for 
the purpose of receiving payment thereon or on account thereof and for all other 
purposes, whether or not such Certificate shall be overdue and notwithstanding any 
notice of ownership, theft or loss thereof or any writing thereon made by anyone. 
The Certificates will initially be represented by a global certificate (the "Global 
Certificate"), interests in which will be exchangeable for registered Definitive 
Certificates in the circumstances specified in the Global Certificate. The Global 
Certificate will be deposited with and registered in the name of a nominee for the 
common depositary for Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg (the "Common 
Depositary"). Each subscriber will be credited in the records of Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg with a number of Certificates equal to the number thereof 
for which it has subscribed and paid. 
3. 
TRANSFERS OF CERTIFICATES 
(a) 
Transfer of Certificates  
Subject to Condition 3(e), provided that the minimum value of Certificates 
transferred by a Certificateholder is the US$ equivalent (or the equivalent in 
other currencies), at such time, of €100,000 and such Certificateholder does 
not hold Certificates with an aggregate value of less than the US$ 
equivalent (or the equivalent in other currencies), at such time, of €100,000 
following such transfer, Certificates may be transferred upon the surrender 
(at the specified office of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent) of the 
Definitive Certificate or Global Certificate (as applicable) representing such 
Certificate to be transferred, together with the form of transfer endorsed on 
such Definitive Certificate or Global Certificate (as applicable) (or another 
form of transfer substantially in the same form and containing the same 
representations and certificates (if any), unless otherwise agreed by the 
Issuer) duly completed and executed and any other evidence as the 
Registrar or Transfer Agent may reasonably require. In the case of a 
transfer of part only of a holding of Certificates represented by one 
Definitive Certificate, a new Definitive Certificate shall be issued to the 
transferee in respect of the part transferred and a further new Definitive 
Certificate in respect of the balance of the holding not transferred shall be 
issued to the transferor. All transfers of Certificates and entries on the 
Register will be made in accordance with the detailed regulations 
concerning transfers of Certificates scheduled to the Agency Agreement. 
The regulations may be changed by the Issuer, with the prior written

--- Page 52 ---
PL/PL/398925/2/UKM/106150756.12
52
approval of the Registrar. A copy of the current regulations will be made 
available by the Registrar to any Certificateholder upon request.  
The Registrar shall as soon as practicable inform the Issuer on any 
amendment made to the Register.  
(b) 
Exercise of a partial repurchase of Certificates  
In the case of the Issuer agreeing to a partial repurchase of a holding of 
Certificates represented by a single Definitive Certificate, a new Definitive 
Certificate shall be issued to the holder to reflect the balance of the holding 
not repurchased. New Definitive Certificates shall only be issued against 
surrender of the existing Definitive Certificates to the Registrar or any 
Transfer Agent. In the case of a transfer of Certificates to a person who is 
already a holder of Certificates, a new Definitive Certificate representing the 
enlarged holding shall only be issued against surrender of the Definitive 
Certificate representing the existing holding.  
(c) 
Delivery of new Definitive Certificates  
Each new Definitive Certificate to be issued pursuant to Conditions 3(a) or 
(b) shall be available for delivery within five business days of receipt of the 
form of transfer or repurchase request and/or surrender of the Definitive 
Certificate. Delivery of the new Definitive Certificates shall be made at the 
specified office of the Transfer Agent or of the Registrar (as the case may 
be) to whom delivery or surrender of such form of transfer, repurchase 
request or Definitive Certificate shall have been made or, at the option of 
the holder making such delivery or surrender as aforesaid and as specified 
in the relevant form of transfer, repurchase request or otherwise in writing, 
be mailed by uninsured post at the risk of the holder entitled to the new 
Definitive Certificate to such address as may be so specified, unless such 
holder requests otherwise and pays in advance to the relevant agent the 
costs of such other method of delivery and/or such insurance as it may 
specify. In this Condition 3(c) "business day" means a day, other than a 
Saturday or Sunday, on which banks are open for business in the place of 
the specified office of the relevant Transfer Agent or the Registrar.  
(d) 
Exchange free of charge  
Exchange and transfer of Definitive Certificates on registration, transfer or 
partial repurchase shall be effected without charge by or on behalf of the 
Issuer, the Registrar or the Transfer Agents, but upon payment of any tax or 
other governmental charges that may be imposed in relation to it.  
(e) 
Closed periods  
No Certificateholder may require the transfer of a Certificate to be 
registered for one or more Certificates (i) during the period of 15 days 
ending on the due date for redemption of that Certificate or (ii) after any 
such Certificate has been called for repurchase or redemption.  
4. 
STATUS, SECURITY AND ASSETS OF THE ISSUER 
(a) 
Status  
The Certificates constitute limited recourse obligations of the Issuer and are 
direct, unsecured, ranking pari passu, without any preference among

--- Page 53 ---
PL/PL/398925/2/UKM/106150756.12
53
themselves and recourse in respect of which is limited as described in 
Condition 13.  
(b) 
Series Assets  
The obligations of the Issuer to the Note Trustee and the Certificateholders 
and the Certificates are not secured and instead the Certificates will rely for 
their payment on, inter alia, and, in the case of (iv) below have the benefit 
of, the contractual rights of the Issuer in respect of: 
(i) 
 (A) the assets and/or other property of the Issuer specified as 
such in the Trust Deed (the "Underlying Assets"), (B) all 
proceeds of, income from and sums arising from the Underlying 
Assets, (C) all rights attaching to or relating to the Underlying 
Assets including without limitation any right to delivery of such 
securities or to an equivalent number or nominal value thereof 
which arises in connection with any such assets being held in a 
clearing system or through a financial intermediary and (D) all 
assets and property hereafter belonging to the Issuer and 
deriving from such assets or the rights attaching thereto;  
(ii) 
the Issuer's rights, title and interest under the Agency 
Agreement, to the extent that such rights relate to sums held to 
meet payments due in respect of the Certificates, and all sums 
held by or on behalf of the Issuer in relation to the Underlying 
Assets;  
(iii) 
the Issuer's rights, title and interest under any agreement by 
which the Issuer purchases the Underlying Assets; and  
(iv) 
the Issuer's rights, title and interest under the terms and 
conditions of other certificates of other series which limit the 
recourse of the certificateholders of such other series.  
The assets described in (i), (ii), (iii) and (iv) above are together referred to 
herein as the "Series Assets".  
Cash flows generated by the Series Assets will be utilised by the Issuer in 
making payments due in respect of the Certificates though no security will 
be taken over any such Series Assets.  
(c) 
Balancing Amounts  
Following the sale of Certificates to the Dealer for on sale to 
Certificateholders and the determination by the Calculation Agent of the 
Balancing Amounts (if any), any Balancing Amounts payable to the Dealer 
will be retained by the Issuer.  
(d) 
Custodian Certificates  
On the Issue Date, the Issuer will repurchase the number of Certificates 
stated in the Issue Terms from the Dealer at their issue price. The 
Certificates so repurchased by the Issuer will be held by the Certificate 
Custodian on behalf of the Issuer on or around the date on which they are 
repurchased. Custodian Certificates carry no voting rights, do not bear 
interest and no amount of interest or principal is payable thereon and are 
not secured by any property.

--- Page 54 ---
PL/PL/398925/2/UKM/106150756.12
54
(e) 
Conditions Precedent to sale of Certificates after the Issue Date  
On any Business Day after the Issue Date of a Series the Issuer may sell, 
via the Dealer, to existing or new Certificateholders further Certificates in 
such Series on the next Company Investment Subscription Date (by 
transferring Custodian Certificates which upon transfer will become 
Certificates with all the rights that the other Certificates have), subject to the 
following conditions and provided that:  
(1) 
the Company continues to accept new subscription requests for 
the amount of Shares which may be purchased using the 
proceeds of sale of such Custodian Certificates;  
(2) 
the Calculation Agent has confirmed that the Issuer is expected 
on the next Company Investment Subscription Date to have a 
sufficient number of Custodian Certificates available for 
purchase to meet each individual Certificateholder's request; 
(3) 
the Subscription Conditions Precedent have been satisfied; and  
(4) 
the Requested Fungible Notional is equal to or greater than the 
US$ equivalent (or the equivalent in other currencies), at such 
time, of €100,000 (or such other greater amount as may be 
agreed between the Calculation Agent and the Dealer).  
On a Business Day on which the Dealer has requested the Sale of 
Custodian Certificates, the Issuer will direct the Certificate Custodian to sell 
to the Dealer for on-sale to the existing or new Certificateholders and the 
Dealer will agree to purchase on the following Company Investment 
Subscription Date such number of Custodian Certificates as the Calculation 
Agent in its sole discretion may determine following publication of the Share 
NAV on the relevant Company Investment Subscription Date, and the 
Dealer will pay to the Certificate Custodian no later than 2pm on the date 
falling two Company Business Days prior to such Company Investment 
Subscription Date an amount equal to the Requested Fungible Notional and 
the Certificate Custodian will remit such amount promptly to the Company 
on behalf of the Issuer.  
The Custodian Certificates being sold will be sold to the Dealer at the 
Certificate Price as of the relevant Company Investment Subscription Date 
and will cease to be Custodian Certificates as of such date.  
The total number of Custodian Certificates sold to the Dealer as of any 
Company Investment Subscription Date will be equal to the number of 
Shares that have been subscribed for by the Issuer on such date as 
determined by the Company Administrator (such number, the "Additional 
Certificate Number").  
If the product of the Additional Certificate Number and Certificate Price as of 
the relevant Company Investment Subscription Date is less than an amount 
in US dollars equivalent of the Requested Fungible Notional (such 
difference, a "Balancing Amount"), then any Balancing Amount due to the 
Dealer on behalf of the Certificateholders shall be retained by the Issuer.

--- Page 55 ---
PL/PL/398925/2/UKM/106150756.12
55
(f) 
Application of proceeds  
(i) 
Enforcement, Mandatory Redemption, Acceleration  
On the occurrence of a Mandatory Redemption Event pursuant to 
Condition 7(b) and/or acceleration of the Certificates following the 
occurrence of an Event of Default, moneys available for distribution 
shall be applied in or towards satisfaction of the following amounts in 
the following order of priority:  
(1) 
first, in payment or satisfaction of the fees, costs, charges, 
expenses and liabilities incurred by the Note Trustee or any 
receiver in preparing and executing the trusts in the Trust 
Deed in relation to the Certificates and in carrying out their 
functions under the Trust Deed (including any taxes required 
to be paid, and the Note Trustee's remuneration) to the 
extent not paid pursuant to the Expenses Agreement;  
(2) 
secondly, to pay the fees, costs, charges, expenses and 
liabilities incurred by the Agents in carrying out their 
functions under the Agency Agreement to the extent not 
paid pursuant to the Expenses Agreement;  
(3) 
thirdly, to pay any Transaction Fees to the Dealer;  
(4) 
fourthly, rateably in meeting the claims (if any) of the 
Certificateholders. If the moneys received are not enough to 
pay such amounts in full, such amounts shall be applied pro 
rata on the basis of the amount due to each party entitled to 
such payment;  
(5) 
fifthly, in payment of the balance (if any) to the Issuer. 
(ii) 
Early repurchase  
On an early repurchase of the Certificates pursuant to Condition 
7(c), the Issuer will repurchase each certificate at the Certificate 
Buy-Back Amount within two Company Business Days of the 
Purchase Date or such other date set out in Condition 7(c).  
(g) 
Shortfall after application of proceeds  
If the net proceeds of the liquidation of the Series Assets are not sufficient, 
after payment of the claims (if any) ranking in priority to the Certificates, to 
cover all payments due in respect of the Certificates, the obligations of the 
Issuer in respect of the Certificates will be limited to such net proceeds and 
such net proceeds shall be applied in accordance with the Trust Deed and 
no other assets of the Issuer will be available for any further payments in 
respect of the Certificates. The right to receive any further payments in 
respect of any shortfall remaining after liquidation of the Series Assets and 
application of the proceeds thereof in accordance with the Trust Deed shall 
be extinguished and failure to make any payment in respect of any shortfall 
shall in no circumstances constitute an Event of Default (as defined in 
Condition 12).

--- Page 56 ---
PL/PL/398925/2/UKM/106150756.12
56
5. 
COVENANTS OF THE ISSUER 
Save as provided in or contemplated by the Relevant Agreements or the Alternative 
Programme Agreements, or with the prior written consent of the Note Trustee, the 
Issuer shall not, so long as any Certificate remains outstanding (as defined in the 
Trust Deed): 
(a) 
use, invest, sell, transfer, exchange, factor, assign, lease, hire out, lend or 
dispose of, or otherwise deal with, any of its property or assets or any 
interest therein or grant any option or right to acquire the same or agree or 
attempt or purport to do any of the same;  
(b) 
lend money;  
(c) 
purchase, own lease or otherwise acquire any real or heritable property 
(including office premises or like facilities);  
(d) 
(1) create or permit to exist upon or effect any mortgage, charge, pledge, 
lien or other encumbrance whether fixed, floating or otherwise, upon the 
whole or any part of its property or assets, present and future other than in 
any case as may arise by operation of law or (2) sign, file or register under 
applicable law any mortgage, debenture or the like which names the Issuer 
as debtor, or sign or enter into any security agreement authorising any 
secured party thereunder to file or register such mortgage, debenture or the 
like;  
(e) 
guarantee, act as surety for or become obligated for the debts of any other 
entity or person or enter into any agreement with any other entity or person 
whereby it agrees to satisfy the obligations of such entity or person or any 
other entity or person;  
(f) 
consolidate with or merge with or into any other person or convey or 
transfer its properties or assets substantially in their entirety to any person;  
(g) 
have, form or cause to be formed any subsidiary or have any employees or 
premises; 
(h) 
issue any further shares, or issue any warrants or options in respect of 
shares, or securities convertible into or exchangeable for shares;  
(i) 
issue any certificates in respect of which the recourse of the 
Certificateholders is not limited to Series Assets (as defined in the relevant 
final terms);  
(j) 
declare or pay any dividend (other than a dividend of up to US$750 per 
Series or other series under alternative programmes of the Issuer) or make 
any other distribution to the holders of any of its shares;  
(k) 
open, operate or have an interest in any bank account relating to the 
Certificates, save as may be contemplated by the Relevant Agreements;  
(l) 
permit the validity or effectiveness of any of the Relevant Agreements to be 
amended, terminated or discharged, or consent to any variation of, or 
exercise of any powers of consent or waiver pursuant to the terms of, the 
Trust Deed, these Conditions or any of the other Relevant Agreements, or 
permit any party to any of the Relevant Agreements to be released from 
such obligations;

--- Page 57 ---
PL/PL/398925/2/UKM/106150756.12
57
(m) 
approve, sanction or propose any amendment to its constitutional 
documents; or  
(n) 
engage in any activity that could cause it to become subject to any tax on its 
income in any jurisdiction (other than at a rate of zero per cent.).  
In giving any consent to the foregoing in respect of Certificates, the Note Trustee 
may require the Issuer to make such modifications or additions to the provisions of 
any of the Relevant Agreements (and may itself consent thereto on behalf of the 
Certificateholders) or may impose such other conditions or requirements as the 
Note Trustee may deem expedient (in its absolute discretion) in the interests of the 
Certificateholders and may rely on any written confirmation from the Issuer as to the 
matters contained therein. Any modification or additions to the provisions of any of 
the Relevant Agreements shall be binding on the Certificateholders of such Series.  
6. 
INTEREST 
The Certificates will not bear interest.  
7. 
REDEMPTION 
(a) 
Final redemption  
Unless previously redeemed as provided in this Condition, the Issuer will 
redeem each Certificate in an amount per Certificate equal to the Certificate 
Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date.  
The Issuer may not redeem any Certificate in whole or in part prior to the 
Maturity Date except as provided in Conditions 7(b) and (c).  
With respect to the Maturity Date the Issuer will request the realisation of 
the Shares in sufficient time to allow the Company to redeem or realise the 
underlying assets by the Maturity Date so that the only amount payable in 
respect of the Certificates on the Maturity Date shall be the Certificate 
Redemption Amount. If a Fixed Maturity Date is specified in the Issue 
Terms, and if any amounts are received by the Issuer after the Maturity 
Date then such amounts shall be retained by the Issuer and available to be 
distributed to its shareholders for the benefit of The Mosel Capital 
Charitable Trust. If a Scheduled Maturity Date is specified in the Issue 
Terms, then if the Issuer has not received by such Scheduled Maturity Date 
(a) the full cash proceeds of redemption of the Shares, (b) in the context of 
a redemption of the Shares due to be effected in kind, the cash proceeds of 
disposal or redemption of the assets underlying the Shares or (c) any other 
form of liquidation of the Shares, the Maturity Date shall be the twentieth 
Business Day following such receipt. 
All Custodian Certificates outstanding (as defined in the Trust Deed) on the 
Maturity Date shall be cancelled.  
(b) 
Mandatory early redemption 
If:  
(i) 
at any time prior to the Maturity Date the Issuer determines in its 
sole discretion to redeem all Certificates upon providing three 
months' prior notice to the Certificateholders; or

--- Page 58 ---
PL/PL/398925/2/UKM/106150756.12
58
(ii) 
at any time prior to the Maturity Date, the Calculation Agent 
determines that an Early Termination Event has occurred which 
it does not waive or in respect of which it does not make an 
Adjustment; or  
(iii) 
at any time prior to the Maturity Date, an additional Early 
Termination Event as set out in the relevant Issue Terms for 
such Certificates occurs  
(each, a "Mandatory Redemption Event") then all of the Certificates which 
are in issue at such time will be redeemed and the remaining Custodian 
Certificates will be cancelled.  
If, at the time of such Mandatory Redemption Event, there were purchasers 
who were to purchase new Certificates on a date after the occurrence of the 
Mandatory Redemption Event and consequently the Dealer was to request 
a transfer of Custodian Certificates, then such transfer of Custodian 
Certificates shall be cancelled and the subscription for new Certificates shall 
not take place.  
Upon the occurrence of a Mandatory Redemption Event, the Issuer shall 
forthwith give not more than two Company Business Days' prior notice (or 
such other notice period as indicated in the Trust Deed) of the date of such 
mandatory redemption (the "Redemption Date") to the Note Trustee, the 
Certificateholders and the Paying Agent (which notice shall be irrevocable). 
The Issuer will pay any amount due and payable to the Note Trustee and/or 
the Agents, to the extent not paid pursuant to the Expenses Agreement and 
any Transaction Fees due to the Dealer in each case in accordance with 
Condition 4(h), and then redeem the Certificates in an amount per 
Certificate equal to the Certificate Redemption Amount on the date falling 
two Company Business Days after the Redemption Date (or such other 
number of days specified in the Issue Terms) subject to the Issuer having 
received the proceeds of realisation of the Shares one Company Business 
Day after such Redemption Date. If receipt of the proceeds of realisation of 
the Shares is delayed the redemption of the Certificates will be effected 
within two Company Business Days of receipt thereof. If the Issuer 
subsequently receives, within 60 days of the Redemption Date, further 
amounts from the Company from the realisation of Shares in respect of the 
Certificates, then the Issuer will pay to the former Certificateholders their 
pro rata share of any such amounts (such payment, a "Supplemental 
Redemption Amount").  
No payment will be made in respect of the Certificates until any amount due 
and payable to the Note Trustee and/or the Agents, to the extent not paid 
pursuant to the Expenses Agreement, and any Transaction Fees due to the 
Dealer, in each case in accordance with Condition 4(f), has been paid in 
full.  
No payment will be made in respect of Custodian Certificates.  
In the event of an Early Termination Event occurring on or prior to the 
Maturity Date in respect of the Certificates the Issuer acting in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner may take the action described in 
(A) or (B) below:  
(A) 
require the Calculation Agent acting upon advice 
given in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner by Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc or

--- Page 59 ---
PL/PL/398925/2/UKM/106150756.12
59
any other independent professional person with the 
appropriate expertise, as determined by the Issuer, 
to determine the appropriate adjustment (an 
"Adjustment"), if any, to be made to any of the 
Conditions, to account for the Early Termination 
Event and determine the effective date of that 
Adjustment; or  
(B) 
redeem the Certificates early in accordance with the 
provisions above for a Mandatory Redemption 
Event.  
The Issuer shall as soon as practicable provide details of any 
determinations and/or Adjustments, as the case may be, made pursuant to 
this Condition 7, to the Certificateholders in accordance with Condition 17.  
For the purposes of the Conditions, the word "appropriate", in relation to an 
adjustment by the Calculation Agent, will mean such adjustment as the 
Calculation Agent acting upon advice given by Morgan Stanley & Co. 
International plc deems necessary or desirable taking into account such 
factor(s) as it may determine which may include the number of Shares held. 
The following events shall each constitute an "Early Termination Event", if 
it is determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner that such event will be materially 
prejudicial to the interests of the Certificates or the Certificateholders:  
(i) 
the occurrence of a Tax Event or an Illegality;  
(ii) 
the currency of the Shares and/or its net asset value is no 
longer calculated in the Specified Currency;  
(iii) 
the Company Administrator fails to calculate and publish the 
Share NAV for one week or more or the Share NAV is not 
published in accordance with the procedures prevailing as of the 
Issue Date;  
(iv) 
the Company introduces a redemption fee or subscription fee or 
any other fee not otherwise payable on the Issue Date under the 
Company offering document that a holder of a Share has to 
bear;  
(v) 
there is a change in tax treatment which could have an adverse 
economic impact for a holder of a Share;  
(vi) 
the Company does not accept subscriptions or redemptions or 
an investor is unable to purchase or sell Shares on a daily basis;  
(vii) 
the Company is wound up or terminated or any regulatory 
approval or registration is cancelled or is under review (due to 
wrongdoing, breach of any rule or regulation or other reason);  
(viii) 
the occurrence of any event or circumstance (whether or not in 
accordance with the rules of the Company) which obliges a 
holder of a Share to sell or dispose of such Share;  
(ix) 
the Issuer advises that it is unable, after using commercially 
reasonable efforts, or would incur a materially increased (as

--- Page 60 ---
PL/PL/398925/2/UKM/106150756.12
60
compared with circumstances existing on the Issue Date) 
amount of tax, duty, expense or fee (other than brokerage 
commissions) to:  
(A) 
acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, 
unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it 
deems necessary to hedge the risk of entering into 
and performing its obligations with respect to the 
Certificates; or  
(B) 
realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such 
transaction(s) or asset(s);  
(x) 
any event occurs that the Calculation Agent, acting in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines may 
have a materially detrimental effect on the risk profile of the 
Certificates for the Issuer;  
(xi) 
there is a declaration by or on behalf of the Company of an 
actual or proposed compulsory termination or redemption of or 
any dividend or distribution in respect of the Shares; 
(xii) 
the suspension by the Company of acceptance of subscriptions 
or redemptions for Shares whether or not in accordance with the 
Company Documents;  
(xiii) 
an order has been made or an effective resolution passed for 
the winding up, dissolution or termination of the Investment 
Manager or any of their respective affiliates;  
(xiv) 
the Company is dissolved or ceases to exist or circumstances 
occur that will cause it to be dissolved or cease to exist;  
(xv) 
any action, condition or circumstance necessary to enable the 
Company to lawfully enter into, exercise its rights and perform 
and comply with its obligations has not been taken, fulfilled or 
completed or has been cancelled;  
(xvi) 
any action, suit, proceeding, inquiry or investigation has been 
taken or brought, or is pending, by any court, governmental or 
regulatory body or agency against the Company or any 
authorised representative or any affiliate of the Investment 
Manager;  
(xvii) 
the Shares are reclassified, the Company is consolidated, 
amalgamated or merged with another company whose 
investment objectives, risk profile and/or investment objectives 
are different to those of the Company at the Issue Date or a 
resolution is proposed to effect any such reclassification, 
consolidation, amalgamation or merger;  
(xviii) 
there is: (i) a transfer or an irrevocable commitment to transfer 
all of the Shares to a party other than Saar Capital Limited, Ems 
Capital Limited and Mosel Capital Limited or the shares in the 
Investment Manager to another entity or person, (ii) a 
consolidation, amalgamation or merger of the Company or the 
Investment Manager with or into another entity or person (other 
than a consolidation, amalgamation or merger in which the

--- Page 61 ---
PL/PL/398925/2/UKM/106150756.12
61
Company or the Investment Manager, as applicable, is the 
continuing entity and which does not result in a reclassification 
or change of all of the Shares or the shares in the Investment 
Manager, as applicable); 
(xix) 
a change in law that requires the imposition or deduction of 
withholding tax which increases the effective dealing costs of 
subscribing for, holding, or redeeming the Shares;  
(xx) 
a change in law, taxation or regulation, including capital 
adequacy or similar requirements, or in the constitution of the 
Company occurs or is likely to occur which may have a material 
adverse effect on: (i) the ability of an investor to hold, purchase, 
sell or redeem Shares; (ii) the costs that are or will be incurred 
by an investor in purchasing, selling, holding or redeeming 
Shares or (iii) the value of the Shares;  
(xxi) 
any event has occurred which is likely to have a material 
adverse effect on the solvency or liquidity of the Company 
and/or the Shares, including, but not limited to, any material 
litigation concerning the Company which involves any holder(s) 
of Shares;  
(xxii) 
the making of any material reservation, warning and/or provision 
in an audit report of the Company (whether generally or in 
respect of any class or series of shares or units) by the auditor 
of the Company;  
(xxiii) 
there is an actual or proposed change to the investment strategy 
being pursued by the Company in respect of the Shares;  
(xxiv) 
there is an actual or proposed material change to the Company 
Documents;  
(xxv) 
the Company is in breach of the Company Documents or any 
investment guidelines or the Investment Manager is in breach of 
its investment management agreement (howsoever described) 
with the Company;  
(xxvi) 
the appointment of the Dealer pursuant to the Dealer Agreement 
has been terminated and there is no other liquidity provider for 
the Certificates;  
(xxvii) 
any other event or circumstance exists or occurs in relation to 
the Company, the Shares, agents or service providers of the 
Company or the Certificates which the Calculation Agent 
determines is analogous to any other Early Termination Event 
and/or has or may have a material adverse effect on the 
Company, the Shares or the Certificates; or 
(xxviii) 
any additional Early Termination Event set out in the Issue 
Terms.  
Upon the occurrence of any Early Termination Event the Calculation Agent 
shall notify the Issuer and the Note Trustee in writing of such occurrence. 
The Note Trustee shall be entitled to rely on such notice without liability to 
any person. The Note Trustee shall not be under any duty to monitor 
whether an Early Termination Event has occurred and in the absence of

--- Page 62 ---
PL/PL/398925/2/UKM/106150756.12
62
express notice to the contrary from the Calculation Agent shall assume no 
such event has occurred and shall have no liability to any person for doing 
so.  
(c) 
Early repurchase  
If a Certificateholder or Certificateholders request repurchase by the Dealer 
and the Dealer requests the Issuer to repurchase on no less than one 
Company Business Day's notice, the Issuer may agree in its sole discretion 
to repurchase one or more Certificates on a Company Business Day (each, 
a "Purchase Date"). On the date on which the Issuer receives notice of 
such repurchase request, the Calculation Agent will request the Company 
to redeem a number of Shares equal to the number of Certificates being 
repurchased by the Issuer.  
The Certificates repurchased on such Purchase Date shall be repurchased 
in an amount per Certificate equal to the Certificate Buy-back Amount. 
Payment will be made to the Certificateholders two Company Business 
Days after the Purchase Date (or such other number of days specified in 
the Issue Terms), subject to the Issuer having received the proceeds of 
realisation of the Shares one Company Business Day after such Purchase 
Date. If receipt of the proceeds of realisation is delayed the repurchase of 
the Certificates will be effected within two Company Business Days of 
receipt thereof by the Issuer.  
If, in respect of any Certificates repurchased prior to the Maturity Date, the 
Issuer subsequently receives, within 60 days of the Purchase Date of such 
Certificates, further amounts from the Company from the realisation of 
Shares in respect of such Certificates, then the Issuer will pay to the former 
Certificateholders their pro rata share of any such amounts. Any amounts 
received by the Issuer from the Company after such 60 days will be 
retained by the Issuer.  
No more than one repurchase request may be made by the Dealer to the 
Issuer in relation to the same Purchase Date.  
8. 
SUBORDINATION 
No payment may be made to the Certificateholders on the Maturity Date until any 
amount due and payable to the Note Trustee and/or the Agents, to the extent not 
paid pursuant to the Expenses Agreement, and any Transaction Fees due to the 
Dealer, in each case in accordance with Condition 4(f), has been paid in full.  
On any date on which all of the Certificates are to be redeemed, if the liquidated 
proceeds of realisation of the Underlying Assets being realised (the "Realised 
Value") does not exceed the sum of (i) amounts due and payable to the Note 
Trustee and/or the Agents (to the extent not paid pursuant to the Expenses 
Agreement) and the Transaction Fees due to the Dealer and (ii) the Certificate 
Redemption Amount multiplied by the Number of Certificates outstanding, then the 
amount payable to the relevant Certificateholders per Certificate will be equal to the 
Realised Value minus the amounts due and payable to the Note Trustee and/or the 
Agents (to the extent not paid pursuant to the Expenses Agreement) and the 
Transaction Fees due to the Dealer, divided by the Number of Certificates in issue 
on the redemption date of the Certificates whereupon the Certificateholders shall 
have no further claims against the Issuer (save, in the case of a Mandatory 
Redemption Event, in respect of the Supplemental Redemption Amount). If the 
proceeds of the redemption of the Underlying Assets on such date exceed the 
amount (if any) payable to the Note Trustee, the Agents, the Certificateholders and

--- Page 63 ---
PL/PL/398925/2/UKM/106150756.12
63
the Dealer, then each Certificate will be redeemed in an amount per Certificate 
equal to the Certificate Redemption Amount and the Certificateholders shall have 
no further claims against the Issuer (save, in the case of a Mandatory Redemption 
Event, in respect of the Supplemental Redemption Amount). Any excess proceeds 
(if any) remaining after such payments shall be retained by the Issuer.  
9. 
PAYMENTS 
(a) 
Method of payment  
Payments of principal will be by credit or transfer to a US dollar account 
specified by the payee or if in a currency other than US dollars then to an 
account specified by the payee in the Specified Currency.  
(b) 
Payments against presentation and surrender  
Payments of principal in respect of Certificates will (subject as provided 
below) be made in the manner provided in Condition 9(a) against 
presentation and surrender of the relevant Certificates at the specified office 
of any Paying Agent, Transfer Agent or of the Registrar.  
All payments in respect of Certificates represented by a Global Certificate 
will be made to the person whose name is entered on the Register at the 
close of business on the Clearing System Business Day immediately prior 
to the date for payment (the "Record Date"), where "Clearing System 
Business Day" means Monday to Friday inclusive except 25 December 
and 1 January of each year. 
(c) 
Payments subject to fiscal law  
All payments are subject in all cases to any applicable fiscal or other laws, 
regulations and directives, but without prejudice to the provisions of 
Condition 10.  
(d) 
Appointment of agents  
The Paying Agent initially appointed by the Issuer and its specified office is 
set out in the introductory paragraphs to these conditions. The Paying 
Agent, the Registrar, the Calculation Agent and the Certificate Custodian 
act solely as agents of the Issuer (unless an Event of Default has occurred 
or may with the lapse of time or the giving of notice occur, when such 
agents may act as agents of the Note Trustee if so notified by the Note 
Trustee) and do not assume any obligation or relationship of agency or trust 
for or with any Certificateholder. The Issuer reserves the right at any time 
with the prior written approval of the Note Trustee to vary or terminate the 
appointment of the Paying Agent, the Registrar, the Calculation Agent or 
the Certificate Custodian and to appoint additional or other paying agents, 
registrars, calculation agents or certificate custodians provided that the 
Issuer will at all times maintain: (i) a Paying Agent, (ii) a Registrar, (iii) a 
Calculation Agent and (iv) a Certificate Custodian.  
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office will 
promptly be given to the Certificateholders in accordance with Condition 17.  
(e) 
Non-business days  
If the due date for payment of any amount in respect of any Certificate is not 
a Payment Business Day, the holder shall not be entitled to payment in

--- Page 64 ---
PL/PL/398925/2/UKM/106150756.12
64
such place of the amount due until the next succeeding Payment Business 
Day and shall not be entitled to any further interest or other payment in 
respect of any such delay.  
(f) 
Payment contingent on receiving proceeds of realisation  
For the avoidance of doubt, the redemption of the Certificates is contingent 
on the Issuer receiving proceeds of realisation of the Shares. 
10. 
TAXATION 
(a) 
Payment net of Taxes  
All payments in respect of the Certificates by or on behalf of the Issuer shall 
be made net of withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any present 
or future taxes, duties, assessments of whatever nature and penalties, 
charges, costs and interest relating thereto  imposed or levied by or on 
behalf of any government, state or municipality or any local, state, federal or 
other fiscal, revenue, customs or excise authority, body or official anywhere 
in the world competent to impose, administer or collect any taxes, duties, 
assessments or make any decision or ruling on any matter relating to such 
taxes, duties, assessments , including specifically any withholding under 
FATCA. 
(b) 
Certificateholder Expenses  
A Certificateholder must pay all Certificateholder Expenses relating to 
Certificates held by or being exercised by it as a condition precedent to 
receiving any amount in respect of the Certificates and the Issuer is entitled 
to deduct all relevant Certificateholder Expenses from any such payment to 
be made by it under the Certificates. As used herein "Certificateholder 
Expenses" means, in respect of a Certificate, all taxes, duties and/or 
expenses, including any applicable depositary charges, transaction or 
exercise charges, stamp duty, stamp duty reserve tax, issue, registration, 
securities transfer and/or other taxes or duties, arising in connection with (a) 
the exercise of such Certificate and/or (b) any payment due following 
exercise or otherwise in respect of such Certificates.  
(c) 
Implementation of Financial Transaction Tax 
If "Implementation of Financial Transaction Tax" is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms to be applicable to any Series, then upon the 
occurrence of an Implementation of Financial Transaction Tax, the Issuer 
may (i) in its sole discretion, with immediate effect amend the Conditions of 
the Certificates by adjusting downward any amount payable and/or any 
other value or term of the Conditions to account for the economic impact of 
the Implementation of Financial Transaction Tax on the Issuer and its 
affiliates in relation to the Certificates ("FTT Amendments"), and (ii) to the 
extent that at any time thereafter the Issuer determines (acting in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner) that it (including its affiliates) has 
incurred additional loss as a result of the Implementation of Financial 
Transaction Tax that has not been accounted for through the adjustment 
made pursuant to sub-paragraph (i) (such amount, "Additional Increased 
Tax"), it may reduce the amount otherwise payable on the Certificates on 
the next payment date (and any payment date thereafter) by an amount up 
to the Additional Increased Tax amount. Any such adjustments shall be 
notified in writing to the Certificateholders, the Paying Agent and the Note

--- Page 65 ---
PL/PL/398925/2/UKM/106150756.12
65
Trustee as soon as reasonably practicable but, in any event, no fewer than 
two Business Days prior to such payment being made.  
The Note Trustee may rely, without further enquiry and without liability to 
any person for so doing: 
(A)  
on a certificate in writing of the Issuer to the Note Trustee that the 
purpose of the FTT Amendment is solely as set out in (i) above (the 
"FTT Amendments Certificate"). Upon receipt of an FTT 
Amendment Certificate, the Note Trustee shall agree to the FTT 
Amendment without seeking the consent of the Certificateholders or 
any other party and concur with the Issuer in effecting the FTT 
Amendments (including, inter alia, by the execution of a deed 
supplemental to or amending the Trust Deed), provided that the Note 
Trustee shall not be required to agree to the FTT Amendment if, in 
the opinion of the Note Trustee, the FTT Amendment would (i) 
expose the Note Trustee to any liability against which it has not been 
indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction or (ii) 
impose more onerous obligations upon it or expose it to any 
additional duties or responsibilities or reduce or amend the protective 
provisions afforded to the Note Trustee in the Conditions or any 
Relevant Agreement; and 
(B) 
on any determination of the Issuer made pursuant to (ii) above in 
respect of Additional Increased Tax, including the Additional 
Increased Tax amount.  
11. 
PRESCRIPTION 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Certificates shall be 
prescribed and become void unless made within ten years from the appropriate 
Relevant Date in respect thereof.  
12. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
If any of the following events (each an "Event of Default") shall occur, the Note 
Trustee at its discretion may, and if so requested in writing by the holders of at least 
one-quarter of the aggregate principal amount of the Certificates then outstanding 
(excluding for these purposes Custodian Certificates) or if so directed by an 
Extraordinary Resolution of the Certificateholders (subject, in each case, to being 
indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction) shall, give notice 
(an "Enforcement Notice") to the Issuer that the Certificates are, and each 
Certificate shall accordingly forthwith become immediately due and payable and 
any Custodian Certificates outstanding on such date shall be cancelled. 
(a) 
Non-payment  
The Issuer fails to pay any amount due in respect of the Certificates within 
fourteen days following receipt by the Issuer of the redemption proceeds of 
the Underlying Assets, as applicable, being redeemed to effect such 
redemption;  
(b) 
Breach of other obligations

--- Page 66 ---
PL/PL/398925/2/UKM/106150756.12
66
The Issuer fails to perform or comply with any one or more of its other 
obligations (other than a failure to perform or comply with obligations which 
failure, in the opinion of the Note Trustee, is not materially prejudicial to the 
Certificateholders) under the Certificates or the Trust Deed and (except 
where such failure is not in the opinion of the Note Trustee capable of 
remedy when no such notice as is hereinafter referred to shall be required) 
such failure shall continue for more than 30 days (or, if applicable, such 
longer period as the Note Trustee may permit) next following the service by 
the Note Trustee on the Issuer of notice requiring the same to be remedied;  
(c) 
Winding-up  
The Issuer, otherwise than for the purposes of such amalgamation or 
reconstruction as is referred to in paragraph (d) below, ceasing or, through 
an official action of the board of directors of the Issuer, threatening to cease 
to carry on business or being unable to pay its debts as and when they fall 
due;  
(d) 
Insolvency proceedings 
An order being made or an effective resolution being passed for the 
winding-up of the Issuer except a winding-up for the purposes of or 
pursuant to an amalgamation or reconstruction the terms of which have 
previously been approved by an Extraordinary Resolution of the 
Certificateholders;  
(e) 
Insolvency  
Proceedings being otherwise initiated against the Issuer under any 
applicable liquidation, insolvency, bankruptcy, composition, reorganisation 
or other similar laws (including, but not limited to, presentation of a petition 
for an administration order) and such proceedings are not being disputed in 
good faith with a reasonable prospect of success, or a receiver, liquidator or 
other similar official being appointed in relation to the Issuer or in relation to 
the whole or in the opinion of the Note Trustee any substantial part of the 
undertaking or assets of the Issuer, or an encumbrancer taking possession 
of the whole or in the opinion of the Note Trustee any substantial part of the 
undertaking or assets of the Issuer, or a distress or execution or other 
process being levied or enforced upon or sued out against the whole or in 
the opinion of the Note Trustee any substantial part of the undertaking or 
assets of the Issuer and such possession or process (as the case may be) 
not being discharged or not otherwise ceasing to apply within 30 days, or 
the Issuer initiating or consenting to judicial proceedings relating to itself 
under 
applicable 
liquidation, 
insolvency, 
bankruptcy, 
composition, 
reorganisation or other similar laws or making a conveyance or assignment 
for the benefit of its creditors generally.  
13. 
ENFORCEMENT 
Only the Note Trustee may pursue the remedies available under the Trust Deed to 
enforce the rights of the Certificateholders and no Certificateholder is entitled to 
proceed against the Issuer unless the Note Trustee, having become bound so to 
do, fails to take action against the Issuer or to enforce the rights of the 
Certificateholders within a reasonable time and such failure is continuing. Following 
liquidation of the Series Assets by the Issuer and distribution of the net proceeds in 
accordance with Condition 4, neither the Note Trustee nor any Certificateholder 
may take any further steps against the Issuer to recover any sum still unpaid and 
any such liability shall be extinguished. In particular neither the Note Trustee nor

--- Page 67 ---
PL/PL/398925/2/UKM/106150756.12
67
the Certificateholders or any person acting on behalf of any of them may at any 
time institute, or join with any other person in bringing, instituting or joining, 
insolvency, administration, bankruptcy, winding-up, examinership or any other 
similar proceedings (whether court-based or otherwise) in relation to the Issuer or 
any of its assets, and none of them shall have any claim arising with respect to the 
assets and/or property attributable to any other certificates issued by the Issuer 
(save for any further certificates which form a single series with the Certificates) 
provided that the Note Trustee may prove or lodge a claim in the liquidation of the 
Issuer initiated by another party and provided further that the Note Trustee may 
take proceedings to obtain a declaration or similar judgment or order as to the 
obligations and liabilities of the Issuer.  
The Note Trustee shall not be obliged to take any action, step or proceeding under 
these Conditions, the Trust Deed or any Relevant Agreement unless directed to do 
so pursuant to the terms of the Trust Deed and indemnified and/or secured and/or 
prefunded to its satisfaction.  
Following such extinguishment, neither the Note Trustee nor the Certificateholders 
or any other person acting on behalf of any of them shall be entitled to take any 
further steps against the Issuer or any of its officers, shareholders, corporate 
service providers or directors to recover any further sum in respect of the 
extinguished claim and no debt shall be owed to any such persons by the Issuer in 
respect of such further sum.  
14. 
MEETINGS OF CERTIFICATEHOLDERS, MODIFICATIONS, WAIVER AND 
SUBSTITUTION 
(a) 
Meetings of Certificateholders  
The Trust Deed contains provisions for convening meetings of 
Certificateholders to consider any matter affecting their interests, including 
the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the Trust Deed, 
"Extraordinary Resolution") of a modification of any of the provisions of 
the Trust Deed, the terms and conditions of the Certificates or any Relevant 
Agreement. The quorum at any such meeting for passing an Extraordinary 
Resolution shall be two or more persons holding or representing a clear 
majority in principal amount of the Certificates (excluding for these purposes 
Custodian Certificates) for the time being outstanding or, at any adjourned 
meeting, two or more persons being or representing Certificateholders, 
whatever the principal amount outstanding of the Certificates (excluding for 
these purposes Custodian Certificates) so held or represented, except that, 
any modification relating to, inter alia, the details of the Series Assets, terms 
concerning the amount, currency and postponement of the due dates for 
payment of the Certificates, the provisions concerning the quorum required 
at any meeting of Certificateholders and the provisions concerning the 
majority required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution (such modification a 
"Basic Terms Modification") may be modified only by resolutions passed 
at a meeting the quorum at which shall be two or more persons holding or 
representing at least two-thirds, or at any adjourned such meeting at least 
one-third, in principal amount of the Certificates (excluding for these 
purposes Custodian Certificates, if any) for the time being outstanding. An 
Extraordinary Resolution passed at any meeting of Certificateholders will be 
binding on all Certificateholders, whether or not they were present at such 
meeting.

--- Page 68 ---
PL/PL/398925/2/UKM/106150756.12
68
(b) 
Modifications, waiver, authorisation and determination  
The Note Trustee may agree, without the consent of any of the 
Certificateholders, to:  
(i) 
any modification of any of the provisions of the Certificates, the 
Conditions, the Trust Deed or of any other Relevant Agreement 
which is in the opinion of the Note Trustee of a formal, minor or 
technical nature or is made to correct a manifest error; or  
(ii) 
any modification (except relating to a Basic Terms Modification), 
waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed breach of any 
of the provisions of the Trust Deed or of any of the other 
Relevant Agreements which, in any such case, is not in the 
opinion of the Note Trustee materially prejudicial to the interests 
of all of the Certificateholders; or 
(iii) 
any modification of the Conditions of the Certificates which is 
made in accordance with Condition 10(c) (Implementation of 
Financial Transaction Tax).  
The Note Trustee may also, without the consent of the Certificateholders, 
determine that an Event of Default or Potential Event of Default shall not be 
treated as such provided that it is not, in the opinion of the Note Trustee, 
materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders. 
Any such modification, waiver, authorisation or determination shall be 
binding on the Certificateholders and, unless the Note Trustee agrees 
otherwise, any such modification shall be notified to the Certificateholders 
as soon as practicable thereafter. Certificateholders shall have no right of 
action against the Note Trustee if the Note Trustee agrees to any such 
modifications to the Relevant Agreements that affect the Certificateholders.  
(c) 
Substitution  
Subject to such amendment of the Trust Deed and such other conditions as 
the Note Trustee may require, but without the consent of the holders of the 
Certificates, the Note Trustee may agree to the substitution of any other 
company or other entity in place of the Issuer as principal debtor under the 
Trust Deed, the Certificates (to the extent relevant) and the other Relevant 
Agreements. Such substitution shall be subject to the relevant provisions of 
the Trust Deed and the other Relevant Agreements and to such 
amendments thereof as the Note Trustee or the Issuer may deem 
appropriate. In the case of such a substitution the Note Trustee may agree, 
without the consent of the holders of the Certificates, to a change of the law 
governing the Certificates, the Trust Deed and/or the other Relevant 
Agreements provided that such change would not in the opinion of the Note 
Trustee be materially prejudicial to the interests of the Certificateholders.  
If another company or entity is substituted in place of the Issuer pursuant to 
these Conditions and the Trust Deed such substitute shall replace the 
Issuer as principal debtor under the Trust Deed and the Certificates and 
replace it under the Trust Deed and the other Relevant Agreements.  
The Note Trustee may, without the consent of the Certificateholders, agree 
to a change in the place of residence of the Issuer for taxation purposes 
provided the Issuer does all such things as the Note Trustee may require in 
order that such change in the place of residence of the Issuer for taxation

--- Page 69 ---
PL/PL/398925/2/UKM/106150756.12
69
purposes is fully effective and complies with such other requirements in the 
interests of the Certificateholders as the Note Trustee may direct.  
15. 
INDEMNIFICATION OF THE NOTE TRUSTEE 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for the indemnification of the Note Trustee and 
the Note Trustee having a lien on the Series Assets for all moneys payable to it 
under the Trust Deed in respect of such Series and for their relief from responsibility 
including for the exercise of any rights in respect of the Series Assets and for taking 
any actions, steps or proceedings to enforce the terms of the Certificates unless 
indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction. The Note Trustee 
and any of its affiliates are entitled to enter into business transactions with the 
Issuer, any obligor in respect of any of the Series Assets or any of their respective 
subsidiaries, holding or associated companies without accounting to the 
Certificateholders for any profit resulting therefrom. The Note Trustee is exempted 
from liability with respect to any loss or theft or reduction in value of the Series 
Assets and from any obligation to insure or to procure the insuring of the Series 
Assets.  
16. 
REPLACEMENT OF DEFINITIVE CERTIFICATES 
If a Definitive Certificate is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed it may be 
replaced, subject to applicable laws and listing regulations, at the specified office of 
the Registrar on payment by the claimant of the taxes, fees and costs properly 
incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence, security and 
indemnity (which may provide, inter alia, that, if the allegedly lost, stolen or 
destroyed Definitive Certificate is subsequently presented for payment, there will be 
paid to the Issuer on demand the amount payable by the Issuer in respect of such 
Certificates) and otherwise as the Issuer may require. Mutilated or defaced 
Definitive Certificates must be surrendered before replacements will be issued.  
17. 
NOTICES 
Notices to the holders of Certificates represented by Definitive Certificates shall be 
mailed to them at their respective addresses in the Register and deemed to have 
been given on the fourth weekday (being a day other than a Saturday or a Sunday) 
after the date of mailing and notices to the holders of Certificates represented by a 
Global Certificate held on behalf of a clearing system may be given by delivery of 
the relevant notice to that clearing system for communication by it to entitled 
accountholders. 
18. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
(a) 
Restrictions on further issues and transactions  
The Issuer may from time to time (without the consent of the 
Certificateholders) issue further Certificates (which may be consolidated 
and form a single series with any Series of Certificates if issued in 
accordance with Condition 18(b)) which rely for their payment on, inter alia, 
(save in the case of further Certificates forming a single series with 
Custodian Certificates) assets of the Issuer other than any existing 
mortgaged property or any existing Series Assets and the Issuer's share 
capital and transaction fees and issued on terms that provide for the 
extinction of all claims in respect of such Certificates after application of the 
proceeds of enforcement of the security over or the liquidation of the assets 
on which such further Certificates are secured or rely for their payment on 
(as the case may be) and that prevent transaction creditors from taking

--- Page 70 ---
PL/PL/398925/2/UKM/106150756.12
70
steps to wind up the Issuer. Any such further Certificates shall be 
constituted by a Supplemental Trust Deed in respect of such Certificates.  
(b) 
Restrictions on fungible issues  
The Issuer may from time to time (without the consent of the 
Certificateholders) issue further Certificates that have, when issued, the 
same terms and conditions as the Certificates in all respects and that are 
consolidated and form a single series with the Certificates.  
19. 
PURCHASE OF CERTIFICATES 
All Certificates repurchased by the Issuer may be cancelled, in which case the 
obligations of the Issuer in respect of any such Certificates shall be discharged. 
Absent such cancellation and notwithstanding any other provision of these 
Conditions, all Certificates held by or on behalf of the Issuer, shall be deposited with 
the Certificate Custodian and shall carry the same rights as Custodian Certificates. 
20. 
GOVERNING LAW 
(a) 
The Certificates and any non-contractual obligations arising therefrom are 
governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English law.  
(b) 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of this 
Certificate by virtue of the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999.

--- Page 71 ---
PL/PL/398925/2/UKM/106150756.12
71
SUMMARY 
OF 
PROVISIONS 
RELATING 
TO 
THE 
CERTIFICATES 
WHILE 
REPRESENTED BY THE GLOBAL CERTIFICATE  
The following is a summary of the provisions to be contained in the Global Certificate which 
will apply to, and in some cases modify, the Conditions of the Certificates while the 
Certificates are represented by the Global Certificate.  
Initial issue of Certificates  
The Certificates will initially be represented by interests in a global certificate (the "Global 
Certificate") registered in the Register in the name of a nominee for the common 
depositary for Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg (the "Common Depositary") and the 
Global Certificate shall be deposited with the Common Depositary. Each subscriber will be 
credited in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg with a number of 
Certificates equal to the number thereof for which it has subscribed and paid.  
Certificates that are initially deposited with the Common Depositary may also be credited to 
the accounts of subscribers with other clearing systems through direct or indirect accounts 
with Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg held by other clearing systems. Conversely, 
Certificates that are initially deposited with any other clearing system may similarly be 
credited to the accounts of subscribers with Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or other 
clearing systems.  
Relationship of accountholders with clearing systems  
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any 
other clearing system as the holder of a Certificate represented by a Global Certificate must 
look solely to Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or such clearing system (as the case 
may be) for his share of each payment made by the Issuer to the holder of the underlying 
Certificates in the Register and in relation to all other rights arising under the Global 
Certificates, subject to and in accordance with the respective rules and procedures of 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or such clearing system (as the case may be). Such 
persons shall have no claim directly against the Issuer in respect of payments due on the 
Certificates for so long as the Certificates are represented by such Global Certificate and 
such obligations of the Issuer will be discharged by payment to the holder of the underlying 
Certificates in the Register in respect of each amount so paid.  
Exchange of Global Certificates for Definitive Certificates  
The Global Certificate will be exchangeable in whole but not in part (free of charge to the 
holder) for Definitive Certificates only if any of the following events occurs or exists (each 
an "Exchange Event"):  
(a) 
an Event of Default (as set out in Condition 12) has occurred and is continuing: or  
(b) 
the Issuer has been notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
have been closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by 
reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have announced an intention 
permanently to cease business or have in fact done so and no successor clearing 
system is available; or  
(c) 
the Issuer has or will become subject to adverse tax consequences which would not 
be suffered were the Certificates in definitive form.  
The Issuer will promptly give notice to Certificateholders if an Exchange Event occurs. In 
the case of (a) or (b) above, the holder of the Global Certificate, acting on the instructions of 
one or more of the Accountholders (as defined below), may give notice to the Issuer and 
the Paying Agent and, in the case of (c) above, the Issuer may give notice to the Paying

--- Page 72 ---
PL/PL/398925/2/UKM/106150756.12
72
Agent of its intention to exchange the Global Certificate for Definitive Certificates on or after 
the Exchange Date (as defined below).  
On or after the Exchange Date the holder of the Global Certificate may or, in the case of (c) 
above, shall surrender the Global Certificate to or to the order of the Paying Agent. In 
exchange for the Global Certificate the Issuer will deliver, or procure the delivery of, an 
equal aggregate number of Definitive Certificates, security printed in accordance with any 
applicable legal and stock exchange requirements and in or substantially in the form set out 
in the Agency Agreement. On exchange of the Global Certificate, the Issuer will procure 
that it is cancelled and, if the holder so requests, returned to the holder together with any 
relevant Definitive Certificate.  
Registration of title to Certificates of a Series, specified in the Issue Terms of such Series 
that such Certificates are to be held through a clearing system, in a name other than that of 
the nominee of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will not be permitted unless an 
Exchange Event occurs.  
For these purposes:  
"Exchange Date" means a day specified in the notice requiring exchange falling not less 
than 60 days after that on which such notice is given, being a day on which banks are open 
for general business in the place in which the specified office of the Registrar is located 
and, except in the case of exchange pursuant to (b) above, in the place in which the 
relevant clearing system is located.  
"Accountholder" means each person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) 
who is for the time being shown in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as 
the holder of a particular number of Certificates.  
Amendments to Conditions  
The Global Certificates contain provisions that apply to the Certificates that they represent, 
some of which modify the effect of the terms and conditions of the Certificates set out in this 
Base Prospectus. The following is a summary of certain of those provisions:  
Payments  
No payment falling due after the Exchange Date will be made on any Global Certificate 
unless exchange for Definitive Certificates is improperly withheld or refused. All payments 
in respect of Certificates represented by a Global Certificate will be made against 
presentation for endorsement and, if no further payment falls to be made in respect of the 
Certificates, surrender of that Global Certificate to or to the order of the Paying Agent by 
transfer to the Designated Account (as defined below) of the holder (or the first named of 
joint holders) of the Certificate appearing in the Register (i) where in global form, at the 
close of the business day (being for this purpose a day on which Euroclear, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant Clearing System are open for business) before the 
relevant due date, and (ii) where in definitive form, at the close of business on the third 
business day (being for this purpose a day on which banks are open for business in the city 
where the specified office of the Registrar is located) before the relevant due date (the 
"Record Date"). For these purposes, "Designated Account" means the account 
maintained by a holder with a Designated Bank and identified as such in the Register and 
"Designated Bank" means (in the case of payment in a Specified Currency other than US 
dollars) a bank in the principal financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency 
and (in the case of a payment in US dollars) any bank which processes payments in US 
dollars.

--- Page 73 ---
PL/PL/398925/2/UKM/106150756.12
73
A record of each payment so made will be endorsed on each Global Certificate, which 
endorsement will be prima facie evidence that such payment has been made in respect of 
the Certificates.  
Prescription  
Claims against the Issuer in respect of Certificates that are represented by a Global 
Certificate will become void unless it is presented for payment within a period of 10 years 
from the appropriate due date therefor.  
Meetings  
The holder of a Global Certificate shall (unless such Global Certificate represents only one 
Certificate) be treated as being two persons for the purposes of any quorum requirements 
of a meeting of Certificateholders. All holders of Certificates are entitled to one vote in 
respect of each Certificate comprising such Certificateholder's holding, whether or not 
represented by a Global Certificate.  
Cancellation  
Cancellation of any Certificate represented by a Global Certificate that is required by the 
Conditions to be cancelled (other than upon its redemption) will be effected by reduction in 
the principal amount of the relevant Global Certificate.  
Trustee's powers  
In considering the interests of Certificateholders while any Global Certificate is held on 
behalf of, and Certificates are registered in the name of any nominee for, a clearing system, 
the Note Trustee may have regard to any information provided to it by such clearing system 
or its operator as to the identity (either individually or by category) of its accountholders with 
entitlements to such Global Certificate and Certificates and may consider such interests as 
if such accountholders were the holders of the Certificates represented by such Global 
Certificate.  
Notices  
So long as any Certificates are represented by a Global Certificate and such Global 
Certificate is held on behalf of a clearing system, notices to the Certificateholders of that 
Series may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to that clearing system for 
communication by it to entitled accountholders in substitution for publication as required by 
the Conditions or by delivery of the relevant notice to the holder of the Global Certificate.

--- Page 74 ---
PL/PL/398925/2/UKM/106150756.12
74
CLEARING AND SETTLEMENT  
Clearing and settlement of the Certificates will be effected in accordance with the operating 
procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg.  
Transfers within and between Euroclear and Clearstream Luxembourg  
So long as Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or the nominee of their common 
depositary is the holder of a Global Certificate for a series, Euroclear, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or such nominee, as the case may be, will be considered the sole owner or 
holder of the Certificates of such series represented by such Global Certificate for all 
purposes under the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement and the Certificates. All payments 
in respect of Certificates represented by a Global Certificate will be made to Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or such nominee, as the case may be, as the holder thereof. 
None of the Issuer, the Note Trustee, the Registrar, the Paying Agent, the Calculation 
Agent or the Dealer or any affiliate of any of the foregoing will have any responsibility or 
liability for any aspect of the records relating to or payments made on account of beneficial 
ownership interests in Global Certificates or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any 
records relating to such beneficial ownership interests.  
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg  
Custodial and depositary links have been established with Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg to facilitate the initial issue of the Certificates and cross-market transfers of the 
Certificates associated with secondary market trading.  
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg each hold securities for their customers and 
facilitate the clearance and settlement of securities transactions through electronic book- 
entry transfer between their respective accountholders and provide various services 
including safekeeping, administration, clearance and settlement of internationally-traded 
securities and securities lending and borrowing. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
also deal with domestic securities markets in several countries through established 
depositary and custodial relationships. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have 
established an electronic bridge between their two systems across which their respective 
customers may settle trades with each other. Their customers are worldwide financial 
institutions including underwriters, securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies 
and clearing corporations. Indirect access to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg is 
available to other institutions which clear through or maintain a custodial relationship with 
an accountholder of either system.  
Distributions of principal and any other amounts with respect to book-entry interests in the 
Certificates held through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg will be credited, to the 
extent received by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg from the Paying Agent, to the 
cash accounts of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg customers in accordance with the 
relevant system's rules and procedures.  
The holdings of book-entry interests in Certificates in Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg will be reflected in the book-entry accounts of each such institution. Beneficial 
ownership in Certificates will be held through financial institutions as direct and indirect 
participants in Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, and every other intermediate holder in the chain to the 
beneficial owner of book-entry interests in the Certificates, will be responsible for 
establishing and maintaining accounts for their participants and customers having interests 
in the book-entry interests in the Certificates. The Registrar will be responsible for 
maintaining a record of the aggregate holdings of Certificates registered in the name of a 
nominee for the common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, and/or 
holders of Certificates represented by Definitive Certificates. The Paying Agent will be 
responsible for ensuring that payments received by it from the Issuer for holders of interests

--- Page 75 ---
PL/PL/398925/2/UKM/106150756.12
75
in the Certificates holding through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg are credited to 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. Payments to holders of 
Certificates represented by Definitive Certificates will be made in accordance with the 
Conditions.  
The Issuer will not impose any fees in respect of the Certificates; however, holders of book- 
entry interests in the Certificates may incur fees normally payable in respect of the 
maintenance and operation of accounts in Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg.  
Interests in Global Certificates will be in uncertificated book-entry form. Purchasers electing 
to hold book-entry interests in the Certificates through Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg accounts will follow the settlement procedures applicable to conventional 
eurobonds. Book-entry interests in the Global Certificates will be credited to Euroclear 
participant securities clearance accounts on the business day following the closing date 
against payment (for value the closing date), and to Clearstream, Luxembourg participant 
securities custody accounts on the closing date against payment in same day funds.  
Trading between Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg accountholders  
Secondary market sales of book-entry interests in the Certificates held through Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg to purchasers of book-entry interests in the Certificates through 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg will be conducted in accordance with the normal 
rules and operating procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and will be 
settled using the procedures applicable to conventional eurobonds.  
The information in this section regarding the procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg in order to facilitate the transfers of interests in the Certificates among 
participants of Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear has been obtained from sources 
that the Issuer believes to be reliable but prospective investors are advised to make their 
own enquiries as to such procedures. None of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg is 
under any obligation to perform or continue to perform such procedures, and such 
procedures may be discontinued at any time. None of the Issuer, the Note Trustee, the 
Registrar, the Paying Agent, the Dealer, or any affiliate of any of the foregoing will have any 
responsibility for the performance by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or their 
respective direct or indirect participants or accountholders of their respective obligations 
under the rules and procedures governing their operations or for the sufficiency for any 
purpose of the arrangements described above.

--- Page 76 ---
PL/PL/398925/2/UKM/106150756.12
76
MOSEL CAPITAL LIMITED 
General  
The Issuer was incorporated in Jersey (registered number 114216) as a public company 
with limited liability under the Companies (Jersey) Law 1991 on 24 October 2013 for a 
period of unlimited duration.  
Pursuant to an Instrument of Trust dated 24 October 2013, the entire issued share capital 
of the Issuer is held upon trust for charitable purposes by or on behalf of Crestbridge 
Corporate Trustees Limited in its capacity as trustee of The Mosel Capital Charitable Trust 
(in such capacity, the "Share Trustee"), a company incorporated in Jersey. The registered 
office of the Share Trustee is 47 Esplanade, St Helier, Jersey, JE1 0BD. The Share Trustee 
will have no beneficial interest in and derive no benefit (other than fees for acting as Share 
Trustee) from its holding of shares in the Issuer.  
The objects of the Issuer are unrestricted.  
Registered Office and Telephone Number  
The Issuer's registered office is at 47 Esplanade, St Helier, Jersey, JE1 0BD. The Issuer's 
telephone number is +44 (0)1534 835 600. 
Management  
The Directors of the Issuer are:  
Name 
Principal Occupation  
Tim Ridgway  
Director Services 
Stephanie Rose Marriott  
Chartered Accountant 
Adrian Joseph Waters 
Chartered Director 
DESCRIPTION OF DIRECTORS' INTERESTS  
Affiliates of the Directors of the Issuer provide ongoing administrative services to the Issuer 
at commercial rates.  
The business address of each of the Directors of the Issuer is 47 Esplanade, St Helier, 
Jersey, JE1 0BD.  
The secretary of the Issuer is Crestbridge Corporate Services Limited of 47 Esplanade, St 
Helier, Jersey, JE1 0BD. Crestbridge Corporate Services Limited (in such capacity, the 
"Corporate Administrator") provides administration services to the Issuer pursuant to a 
corporate administration agreement dated 4 December 2013 (the "Corporate 
Administration Agreement") made between the Issuer, the Corporate Administrator and 
the Share Trustee.  
Business  
The Issuer has undertaken that, so long as any of the Certificates remains outstanding, it 
will not, without the prior consent in writing of the Note Trustee incur any other 
indebtedness for borrowed moneys or engage in any business (other than transactions 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus), declare any dividends (other than a dividend of up 
to US$750 per Series or other series under alternative programmes of the Issuer), have 
any subsidiaries or employees, purchase, own, lease or otherwise acquire any real

--- Page 77 ---
PL/PL/398925/2/UKM/106150756.12
77
property, consolidate or merge with any other person, convey or transfer its properties or 
assets substantially as an entity to any person (other than as contemplated by the 
Conditions) or issue any shares (other than such shares as were in issue on 
4 December 2013).  
The Issuer may however, at its discretion, enter into other programmes in order to issue 
secured and/or unsecured certificates but such other programmes are not themselves 
being established by this Base Prospectus. Such other programmes will be separate from 
the Programme, will have a base prospectus separate from this Base Prospectus and will 
be subject to separate approval by the Central Bank and the Commission. Any other 
programmes that the Issuer enters into will have substantially the same provisions in 
respect of security, if applicable, and limited recourse provisions.  
The Issuer has no assets other than the Series Assets with respect to each Series, the 
benefit of any agreement relating to each Series, assets in respect of other programmes, 
the sum of £2.00 representing the issued and paid up share capital and fees generated in 
connection with the issue of the Certificates and of other certificates. The Issuer has no 
employees.  
The only assets of the Issuer available to meet the claims of the holders of certificates of 
the Issuer will be the property which the Issuer has allocated to such Series.  
The Certificates are obligations of the Issuer alone and not of the Share Trustee.  
Capitalisation 
The following table sets forth the capitalisation of the Issuer at the date hereof:  
US$  
 Shareholders' funds  
Share capital (Authorised: £10,000 issued: 2 Ordinary Shares of 
£1.00 each)  
3.231
 Indebtedness 
Series 1 US$1,000,000,000 Certificates linked to the shares of 
Aspect Diversified Trends Trading Company I under the Programme2
US$4,152,097 
Series 2 US$1,000,000,000 Certificates linked to the shares of 
Aspect Systematic Global Macro Trading Fund under the 
Programme3
Total capitalisation  
US$6,531,881 
US$10,683,978 
There has been no material change in the capitalisation of the Issuer since the date of the 
information contained in the above table.  
The Issuer has no other outstanding indebtedness as at the date hereof. 
1 Amounts in £ have been converted to US$ at an exchange rate of £1 : US$1.6150 
2 US$1,000,000,000 issued but 995,847,903 Certificates held by the Certificate Custodian as at 7 January 2021.
3 US$1,000,000,000 issued but 993,468,119 Certificates held by the Certificate Custodian as at 7 January 2021.

--- Page 78 ---
PL/PL/398925/2/UKM/106150756.12
78
Financial statements 
The Issuer prepares annual accounts which are audited. The most recent published audited 
accounts of the Issuer are in respect of the financial year ended 31 December 2019. The 
Issuer will not prepare interim accounts. The Principal Trust Deed requires the Issuer to 
provide written confirmation to the Note Trustee, on an annual basis, that no Event of 
Default or other matter which is required to be bought to the Note Trustee's attention has 
occurred. The audited accounts of the Issuer for the financial years ended 31 December 
2018 and 2019 are attached to this Base Prospectus at Appendix 1 (Audited Financial 
Statements of the Issuer). 
Auditors
The auditors of the Issuer are Grant Thornton LLP of Kensington Chambers, 46 - 50 
Kensington Pl, St Helier, Jersey JE1 1ET, Jersey, United Kingdom. The auditors are 
Certified Public Accountants. The auditors are members of the Institute of Chartered 
Accountants in England and Wales. 
Special Purpose Vehicle 
The Issuer's sole business is the raising of money by issuing Certificates for the purposes 
of purchasing assets and entering into related contracts. The Issuer has covenanted 
(amongst other things) not to, as long as any Certificate remains outstanding, without the 
consent of the Note Trustee engage in any activity or business except as provided or 
contemplated by the Certificates, the Custodian Certificates, the Relevant Agreements and 
the Alternative Programme Agreements and to perform any acts incidental to or necessary 
in connection therewith, or any act required by law, regulation or order of any court to be 
performed. In addition, the Issuer will be subject to certain other restrictions (as set out in 
Condition 5) including, but not limited to, that it will not, without the consent of the Note 
Trustee declare or pay any dividend (other than a dividend of up to US$750 per Series or 
other series under alternative programmes of the Issuer) or make any other distribution to 
the holders of any of its shares or have formed or cause to be formed by subsidiaries or 
have any employees purchase, own, lease or otherwise acquire any real property, 
consolidate or merge with or into any other person, or convey or transfer its properties or 
assets substantially in their entirety to any other person, or use, invest, sell, transfer, 
exchange, factor, assign, lease, hire out, lend or dispose of, or otherwise deal with any of 
its property or any interests therein or create or permit to edict upon or effect any mortgage, 
charge, pledge, lien or other encumbrance whether fixed or floating or otherwise upon the 
whole or any part of its property or assets (other than as contemplated by the Conditions 
and/or the Trust Deeds), issue any further shares or issue any warrants or options in 
respect of shares or securities convertible units or exchangeable for shares. As such, the 
Issuer has, and will have, no assets other than its issued and paid-up share capital, such 
fees (as agreed) payable to it in connection with the issue of Certificates from time to time, 
any Series Assets and any other assets contemplated by the Alternative Programme 
Agreements. There is no day-to-day management of the business of the Issuer.

--- Page 79 ---
PL/PL/398925/2/UKM/106150756.12
79
SERIES ASSETS – DESCRIPTION OF THE SHARES AND THE COMPANIES 
The net proceeds of the Certificates of a Series will be used by the Issuer to acquire either 
Class A US dollar shares in Aspect Diversified Trends Trading Company I (an exempted 
company incorporated with limited liability in the Cayman Islands) (the "Company I 
Shares") or shares of a class or series in relation to a sub-fund of Aspect Investment 
Programmes ICAV (the "ICAV") an umbrella Irish collective asset-management vehicle 
with variable capital and with segregated liability between sub-funds incorporated in Ireland 
under the Irish Collective Asset-management Vehicles Act 2015 and authorised by the 
Central Bank as a qualifying investor alternative investment fund (the "Sub-Fund Shares"), 
as specified for each particular Series, at their prevailing net asset value pursuant to the 
subscription booklet for the Company.  
The Company I Shares  
Company I  
Aspect Diversified Trends Trading Company I ("Company I") has been incorporated as an 
exempted limited liability company under the Companies Law (2016 Revision) of the 
Cayman Islands on 9 August 2013. Its registered office is at the offices of Maples 
Corporate Services Limited, PO Box 309, Ugland House, Grand Cayman, KY1-1104, 
Cayman Islands. The Company has been incorporated with unlimited objects. The directors 
of Company I have adopted the investment policy set forth in the Company I Share 
Prospectus.  
The Company I Shares  
The Company I Shares were admitted to the Regulated Market of Euronext Dublin as of 
3 December 2013. The Company I Shares are perpetual instruments and rights in respect 
of the Company I Shares are governed by the laws of the Cayman Islands.  
Performance of the Company I Shares  
The Company I Shares will be traded under identification code ISIN: KYG0540Q1029 and 
SEDOL: BG7ZXV1. The Company I Shares were issued for the first time on 9 August 2013. 
It is anticipated that the Company I Shares will not pay dividends. Information on the future 
performance of the Company I Shares (including their volatility) will be available from 
Bloomberg and under normal market conditions share price information is updated on any 
day that is a business day in each of Dublin, Frankfurt and London.  
The Company I Share Prospectus  
The information set out above in respect of Company I has been extracted from the 
Company I Share Prospectus. The Issuer confirms that such information has been 
accurately reproduced and so far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from 
information published by Company I, no facts have been omitted which would render the 
reproduced information misleading. The Issuer accepts responsibility for information 
contained in this Base Prospectus.  It should be noted however, that none of the Issuer, the 
Dealer, the Note Trustee, the Agents or any of their affiliates (each a "Transaction 
Participant") has verified such information and, accordingly, none of them makes any 
representation or warranty, express or implied, as to its accuracy or completeness. None of 
the Transaction Participants has made any investigation of Company I in respect of the 
Company I Shares nor has taken any steps to verify the validity and binding nature of the 
Company I Shares. Prospective purchasers of the Certificates should make their own 
investigation of Company I in respect of the Company I Shares (including, without limitation, 
with regard to its financial conditions and creditworthiness) and the full terms of the 
Company I Shares.

--- Page 80 ---
PL/PL/398925/2/UKM/106150756.12
80
The above summary is qualified in its entirety by the information contained in the 
Company I Share Prospectus.  
The Sub-Fund Shares 
The ICAV and Sub-Funds 
The ICAV is an umbrella Irish collective asset-management vehicle with variable capital 
and with segregated liability between sub-funds incorporated in Ireland on 3 May 2018 
under the Irish Collective Asset-Management Vehicles Act 2015 and authorised by the 
Central Bank as a qualifying investor alternative investment fund. 
As set out in the ICAV Instrument of Incorporation, its sole object is the collective 
investment of its funds and giving its shareholders the benefit of the results of the 
management of its funds. 
Its registered office is 2nd Floor, Block E, Iveagh Court, Dublin 2, Ireland. 
The ICAV is structured as an umbrella fund with variable capital and segregated liability 
between sub-funds (which may be open-ended, closed-ended or limited liquidity) (each a 
"Sub-Fund"). Shares representing interests in different Sub-Funds  may be issued from 
time to time by the ICAV. Each Sub-Fund has its own supplement to be read in conjunction 
with the ICAV Prospectus ("ICAV Prospectus Supplement"). 
Shares of more than one Class or Series may be issued in relation to a Sub-Fund. 
Shareholders may be issued a separate Series (if applicable) of the applicable Class of 
Shares at each Subscription Dealing Day as may be set out in the relevant ICAV 
Prospectus Supplement. All Shares of each Class or Series will rank pari passu save as 
provided for in the relevant Supplement. On the introduction of any new Sub-Fund (for 
which the Central Bank's prior approval is required) or any new Class of Shares (which 
must be notified in advance to and cleared by the Central Bank), a new or updated 
Supplement setting out the relevant details of each such Sub-Fund or new Class of Shares, 
as the case may be, will be prepared and issued. A separate portfolio of assets will be 
maintained for each Sub-Fund (and not for each Class or Series of Shares except in 
accordance with the requirements of the Central Bank) and will be invested in accordance 
with the investment objective and policies applicable to such Sub-Fund. Other Sub-Funds 
within the ICAV and other Classes established within Sub-Funds may be subject to higher, 
lower or no fees and any information relating to fees applicable to such other Classes of 
Shares is available on request. Particulars relating to individual Sub-Funds and the Classes 
of Shares available therein are set out in the relevant ICAV Prospectus Supplement. A list 
of all Sub-Funds in existence for the time being is available on request to the ICAV by 
investors in the ICAV. 
The ICAV Directors' recourse in respect of a Sub-Fund shall be limited to the redemption 
proceeds due by that Sub-Fund upon the redemption by the Sub-Fund of its shares in the 
Sub-Fund and the ICAV Directors shall have no recourse to any other assets of the Sub-
Fund. 
The ICAV Directors are responsible for the general management and administration of the 
ICAV's affairs including investment and re-investment of each Sub-Fund's assets having 
regard to the investment objectives and policies of the relevant Sub-Fund.  
Subject to the overall policy, control and supervision of the Board of Directors, the ICAV 
Directors have delegated the management and general administration of the ICAV's affairs 
to the AIFM to act as the alternative investment fund manager of the ICAV and each Sub-
Fund on the terms set out in the AIFM Agreement, to provide each Sub-Fund with 
investment management, advisory and other services.

--- Page 81 ---
PL/PL/398925/2/UKM/106150756.12
81
The Sub-Funds 
The ICAV may, subject to the prior approval of the Central Bank, establish one or more 
Sub-Funds, details of which will be set out in the relevant ICAV Prospectus Supplement. 
Each ICAV Prospectus Supplement will form part of and should be read in the context of 
and together with the ICAV Prospectus. In the event of any inconsistency between the 
provisions of the ICAV Prospectus and the relevant ICAV Prospectus Supplement in 
respect of a Sub-Fund, the ICAV Prospectus Supplement will prevail. 
Each Sub-Fund may have different terms and conditions from those of other Sub-Funds 
and such terms and conditions will be set out in the relevant ICAV Prospectus Supplement 
relating to such Sub-Fund (and the Classes of such Sub-Fund). Each Class of Shares 
established within the Sub-Fund may have different terms and conditions from those of the 
other Classes within the Sub-Fund. The differences between Classes may include, without 
limitation any one or more of the following: (i) currency denomination; (ii) dividend policy; 
(iii) fees, charges and expenses; (iv) hedging policies; (v) liquidity features; (vi) minimum 
initial subscription, holding and redemption amounts and (vii) asset allocation. Subject to 
any applicable provisions of the AIF Rulebook, each Sub-Fund will distribute or accrue 
capital gains or losses and income to each Shareholder relative to their participation in the 
relevant Class. Particulars relating to individual Sub-Funds and the Classes of Shares 
available therein are set out in the relevant ICAV Prospectus Supplement. Subject to the 
provisions of the 'Fair Treatment of Shareholders' section below, Shareholders of the same 
Class and Class Series shall be treated equally. Where more than one Class or Class 
Series exists in a Sub-Fund, all Shareholders in the different Classes or Class Series shall 
be treated fairly in accordance with the requirements of the AIF Rulebook. 
Share Capital of the ICAV 
The authorised share capital of the ICAV is 2 Subscriber Shares of €1 each (the "ICAV 
Subscriber Shares") and 1,000,000,000,000 shares of no par value initially designated as 
unclassified participating shares. The minimum issued share capital of the ICAV is €2 or its 
equivalent in another currency. The maximum issued share capital of the ICAV is 
1,000,000,000,000 shares of no par value and 2 ICAV Subscriber Shares of €1 each. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, each of James Gilbert and the Investment 
Manager hold one ICAV Subscriber Share. James Gilbert is an ICAV Director and an 
employee of Aspect Capital Limited. Aspect Capital Limited is the AIFM with respect to the 
ICAV. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, in so far as is known to the ICAV, there is no 
person other than a member of the administrative, management or supervisory bodies 
who, directly or indirectly, has an interest in the ICAV's capital or voting rights which is 
notifiable under the laws of the Republic of Ireland.  
Change in Share Capital of the ICAV 
The ICAV may increase or reduce its authorised share capital, combine all or any of its 
share capital into shares of larger amount or divide all or any of its share capital into 
shares of smaller amount.

--- Page 82 ---
PL/PL/398925/2/UKM/106150756.12
82
If at any time the authorised share capital is divided into different Classes of Shares, the 
rights attached to any Class may be varied by consent in writing of holders of not less than 
three-quarters of the issued Shares of that Class or with the sanction of a special 
resolution passed at a general meeting of the holders of the Shares of that Class. 
Voting Rights 
The ICAV Instrument of Incorporation provides that each Shareholder present in person 
or by proxy at general meetings of the ICAV shall have one vote each on a show of 
hands, and one vote per Share on a poll. Fractions of Shares carry no voting rights. A poll 
may be requested by the chairperson of the meeting or by two or more Shareholders or 
by any Shareholder holding 10% or more of the Shares of the ICAV or the relevant Sub-
Fund. The ICAV Directors may issue voting Shares and non-voting Shares (as detailed 
below). 
Non-Voting Shares 
The ICAV Instrument of Incorporation also provides that Shares may be issued as non-
voting Shares or with restricted voting rights. The non-voting Shares carry no right to 
notice of, attend or vote at general meetings of the ICAV or any Sub-Fund. The ICAV shall 
give any Shareholders holding non-voting Shares sufficient notice in writing in advance of 
any matter which holders of voting Shares would be competent to vote upon, enabling 
such Shareholders to request the redemption of their shares prior to the implementation of 
any matter which requires a Shareholder vote, such as a change of investment objective, a 
material change of investment policy of a Sub-Fund or an increase in the management 
fees. 
Fair Treatment of Shareholders 
The AIFM and/or the ICAV will ensure that its decision-making procedures and its 
organisational structure ensure the fair treatment of Shareholders in the ICAV. In 
discharging its role, the AIFM shall act honestly, fairly, professionally, independently and in 
the interests of the ICAV and the Shareholders. The AIFM and/or the ICAV may enter into a 
side letter or similar agreement with certain Shareholders where those Shareholders are 
provided with a benefit that is not granted to other Shareholders in the relevant Sub-Fund. 
Further details of any preferential treatment afforded to Shareholders, in addition to those 
Shareholders' legal and economic links to the AIFM will be disclosed to investors before 
they invest in that Sub-Fund. Such preferential treatment may include (but is not limited to) 
altering, modifying, waiving or changing rights or restrictions which apply to (i) investment 
management/performance fees, (ii) minimum and additional subscription amounts, (iii) 
capacity rights and or (iv) obligations of the investor or Shareholder, or granting 
informational rights, such as estimated Net Asset Value prices and/or transparency 
information (including portfolio transparency/position level information). Any such 
preferential treatment should not result in an overall material disadvantage to Shareholders 
as a whole or to other Shareholders in the relevant Sub-Fund.

--- Page 83 ---
PL/PL/398925/2/UKM/106150756.12
83
Investment Objective, Policies, Strategy and Restrictions
Investment Objective, Policies and Strategies 
The assets of each Sub-Fund will be invested separately in accordance with the investment 
objective and policies of the relevant Sub-Fund. The specific investment objective and 
policies of each Sub-Fund will be set out in the relevant ICAV Prospectus Supplement for 
that Sub-Fund and will be formulated by the ICAV Directors at the time of creation of the 
Sub-Fund.  
The investment objective of a Sub-Fund may not be altered, nor can material changes to 
the investment policy of a Sub-Fund be made, without prior approval of Shareholders on 
the basis of: (i) a majority of votes cast at a meeting of the Shareholders of the relevant 
Sub-Fund duly convened and held or (ii) the prior written approval of all Shareholders of the 
relevant Sub-Fund. In the event of a change of the investment objective and/or a material 
change in the investment policy of a Sub-Fund, Shareholders in the Sub-Fund will be given 
reasonable notice of such change to enable them to redeem their Shares prior to 
implementation of the change. Non-material amendments may be made to the investment 
policies at the discretion of the ICAV Directors. Any such changes will be notified to the 
Shareholders. 
There can be no assurance that the relevant Sub-Fund will achieve its investment 
objective. The investment results of the relevant Sub-Fund will be reliant upon the success 
of the AIFM. 
SFTR 
Each Sub-Fund is authorised to and may enter into securities financing transactions 
("SFTs") in the course of its investment activities. 
However, as at the date of the ICAV Prospectus, no Sub-Fund had entered into any SFTs 
or any total return swaps. 
SFTs 
The SFTs which each Sub-Fund may use include a variety of secured transactions that 
have similar economic effects such as margin lending, lending or borrowing securities and 
commodities, repurchase or reverse repurchase transactions and buy-sell back or sell-buy 
back transactions, including collateral and liquidity swaps. A Sub-Fund may borrow against 
the value of its assets or by transferring collateral to counterparties in order to finance its 
investment activities, such as by trading on margin or borrowing securities from prime 
broker(s), clearing broker(s), banks or other financial counterparties for the purposes of 
effecting short-sales in respect of securities, employing leverage or for otherwise achieving 
the investment objective. 
SFTs may be entered into for any purpose that is consistent with the investment objective 
of the relevant Sub-Fund, including efficient portfolio management, such as hedging 
purposes or the reduction of portfolio expenses, as well as for speculative purposes (in 
order to increase income and profits for the portfolio), or to gain exposure to certain 
markets.

--- Page 84 ---
PL/PL/398925/2/UKM/106150756.12
84
Subject to any restrictions set out in each ICAV Prospectus Supplement, up to 100 per cent 
of a Sub-Fund's total assets may be subject to SFTs. The proportion of a Sub-Fund's 
assets subject to each type of SFT will depend on market conditions and the value of the 
relevant investments. The expected proportion of assets subject to each type of SFT at any 
given time may be as high as 100 per cent or as otherwise set out in the ICAV Prospectus 
Supplement. 
If SFTs are to be entered into by a Sub-Fund, which will be disclosed in the supplement for 
the Sub-Fund, the AIFM will conduct due diligence in the selection of prime brokers and 
counterparties to such SFTs ("SFT Counterparties") for each Sub-Fund in order to ensure 
those counterparties are subject to effective prudential regulation, financially sound and 
have the necessary organisational structure and resources to perform their obligations in 
respect of the relevant Sub-Fund. As part of this assessment the AIFM will have regard to 
the legal status, location and minimum credit rating (where relevant) of the particular 
counterparty. 
If disclosed in the ICAV Prospectus Supplement, a Sub-Fund may lend securities on a 
collateralised and an uncollateralised basis to counterparties who meet the due diligence 
processes of the AIFM and its delegates, including credit assessments. 
Any collateral received by a Sub-Fund will consist of such collateral as is agreed with a 
counterparty from time to time and may include cash in any currency, cash equivalents, 
equity or debt securities of any maturity and any other kind of security or other instrument in 
which the relevant Sub-Fund is permitted to invest. 
Any collateral provided to a counterparty by a Sub-Fund will consist of such collateral as is 
agreed with the counterparty from time to time and may include any or all types of assets 
held by the relevant Sub-Fund. Any collateral provided by a Sub-Fund will normally include 
cash or money market instruments such as government bonds of any maturity. 
The AIFM and its delegates will monitor any collateral received on an ongoing basis, 
including the level of correlation (value should not display a high correlation with the credit 
worthiness of the counterparty), diversification and liquidity and the level of haircut applied, 
if any. Factors such as the type of securities that are being financed and market practice 
are taken into account when determining acceptable collateral received or provided, 
including the application of any haircuts. 
Any collateral provided by a Sub-Fund will be valued in accordance with the valuation 
policies and principles applicable to the Sub-Fund and will be subject to any agreement on 
the valuation of collateral with a counterparty, including the applicability of variation margin. 
Any collateral under an SFT is valued daily at mark-to-market value. The ICAV is not 
subject to any restrictions on the reuse of collateral. 
Any returns or losses generated by SFTs will be for the account of the relevant Sub-Fund, 
subject to the terms agreed with the relevant counterparty or broker which may provide for 
deductions for taxes and any fees, costs and expenses of the counterparty or broker, any 
custodian or third parties securities lending agent. No SFT counterparty will be a related 
party to the AIFM or their respective affiliates. 
Investment Restrictions

--- Page 85 ---
PL/PL/398925/2/UKM/106150756.12
85
All Sub-Funds will be subject to the following investment restrictions: 
(a) 
A Sub-Fund may invest up to 100% in other collective investment schemes ("CIS") 
provided that no more than 50% of the Net Asset Value of a Sub-Fund may be invested in 
any one unregulated CIS and no more than 50% of a Sub-Fund's Net Asset Value in 
another CIS which itself invests more than 50% of its net assets in another CIS; 
(b) 
The investment restriction (a) above shall not apply where (i) the ICAV, in respect of 
a Sub-Fund receives a derogation from the restriction to invest more than 50% of the Net 
Asset Value of that Sub-Fund in any one unregulated collective scheme from the Central 
Bank; or (ii) the relevant Sub-Fund's Minimum Initial Investment Amount is €500,000 (or its 
foreign currency equivalent). Any investment by a Sub-Fund in unregulated CIS in 
accordance with this sub-limit (ii) will be prominently disclosed in the relevant Supplement; 
(c) 
Neither the ICAV, nor the AIFM, in respect of a Sub-Fund, may (i) acquire any 
shares carrying voting rights which would enable it to exercise significant influence over the 
management of an issuing body, or (ii) take legal or management control of any issuing 
body. This restriction does not apply to investments in other CIS. This restriction is also 
disapplied where the Sub-Fund is established as a venture capital, development capital or 
private equity Sub-Fund provided that the relevant ICAV Prospectus Supplement indicates 
its intention regarding the exercise of legal and management control over underlying 
investments; 
(d) 
The ICAV, in respect of a Sub-Fund, may not grant loans or act as a guarantor on 
behalf of third parties. This is without prejudice to the right of a Sub-Fund to acquire debt 
securities. It will not prevent a Sub-Fund from acquiring securities which are not fully paid or 
from entering into bridge financing arrangements where the financing extended to the 
relevant Sub-Fund is backed by sufficient legally binding commitments to discharge the 
financing within a time period determined by the at least simultaneous triggering of 
obligations on Shareholders to make capital contributions which they are previously 
contractually committed to making at the time the bridge financing is entered into; 
(e) 
A Sub-Fund shall not raise capital from the public through the issue of debt 
securities. This restriction does not operate to prevent the issue of notes by a Sub-Fund, on 
a private basis, to a lending institution in order to facilitate financing arrangements; 
(f) 
Where a Sub-Fund invests in the units of a CIS managed by the AIFM or an 
Associate of the AIFM, the AIFM or the relevant Associate must waive any preliminary 
charge/redemption charges which it is entitled to charge for its own account in relation to 
the acquisition of such units; and 
(g) 
Where a commission is received by the ICAV, the AIFM or an Associate of the 
AIFM, by virtue of a Sub-Fund's investment in the units of another CIS, such commission 
must be paid into the property of the relevant Sub-Fund. 
The limits on investments set out above shall apply at the time of the purchase of the 
investment and continue to apply thereafter. If these limits are subsequently exceeded for 
reasons beyond the control of the AIFM, or as a result of the exercise of subscription rights, 
the AIFM must record such matters and adopt as a priority objective the remedying of that 
situation, taking due account of the interests of the Shareholders.

--- Page 86 ---
PL/PL/398925/2/UKM/106150756.12
86
Additional investment restrictions for each Sub-Fund, if any, will be disclosed in the relevant 
ICAV Prospectus Supplement. 
In the event that the Investment Manager identifies any breach of investment restrictions, 
the Investment Manager would notify the ICAV Depositary and the board of the ICAV 
Directors to confirm any required corrective action and notification requirements. 
Notifications to investors would be made in writing distributed by the Company 
Administrator to the ICAV.

--- Page 87 ---
PL/PL/398925/2/UKM/106150756.12
87
Investor Eligibility and Investor Information
Investor Eligibility Criteria 
Each applicant will be required to certify in writing that it meets the criteria to be a 
Qualifying Investor or a Knowledgeable Person and that it is aware of the risks involved in 
the proposed investment and of the fact that inherent in such investment is the potential to 
lose the entire sum invested. 
Fees and Expenses 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the estimated maximum amount of all material 
fees payable directly or indirectly by the ICAV for services provided under arrangements 
entered into on or prior to the date of this Base Prospectus is USD 955,000. These fees 
are calculated by the AIFM's Fund Accounting Team. 
The following fees and expenses may be payable out of the assets of the ICAV or a Sub 
Fund. 
Organisational Costs 
The cost of establishing the ICAV, obtaining authorisation from any authority, filing fees, 
the preparation and printing of the ICAV Prospectus, marketing costs, the fees of all 
professionals relating thereto, and any onboarding costs of the service providers 
(including the ICAV Depositary), which amounted to approximately €60,000.00 (plus VAT 
where applicable) and will be borne by the ICAV and amortised over the first five years of 
the ICAV's operation (or such other period as may be determined by the ICAV Directors at 
their discretion), and/or at the discretion of the ICAV Directors to subsequent Sub-Funds 
established by the ICAV within such period or otherwise on such terms and in such 
manner as the ICAV Directors may at their discretion determine. 
The cost of establishing Sub-Funds will be charged to the relevant Sub-Fund, as shall be 
further detailed in the ICAV Prospectus Supplement for the relevant Sub-Fund. 
ICAV Depositary Fees 
The ICAV Depositary will be entitled to a fee payable out of the assets of the relevant 
Sub-Fund, as may be specified in the ICAV Prospectus Supplement for that Sub-Fund. 
The ICAV Depositary shall also be entitled to its reasonable out of pocket fees and 
expenses. 
AIFM Fees 
The AIFM will be entitled to a fee payable out of the assets of the relevant Sub-Fund as 
may be specified in the ICAV Prospectus Supplement for that Sub-Fund. The AIFM shall 
also be entitled to its reasonable out of pocket fees and expenses. The maximum annual 
fee charged by the AIFM shall not be increased without approval on the basis of a 
majority of votes cast at a general meeting of Shareholders of the relevant Sub-Fund. If

--- Page 88 ---
PL/PL/398925/2/UKM/106150756.12
88
the annual fee is increased a reasonable notification period will be provided to 
Shareholders to enable them to redeem their Shares prior to the implementation of the 
increase. 
Administration Fees 
The Company Administrator will be entitled to a fee payable out of the assets of the 
relevant Sub-Fund, as may be specified in the ICAV Prospectus Supplement for that Sub-
Fund. The Company Administrator shall also be entitled to its reasonable out of pocket 
fees and expenses. 
Performance Fees 
Where provided for, the AIFM may be entitled to receive out of the assets of each Sub-
Fund, a performance fee in respect of a Class of Shares (the "Performance Fee") as set 
out in the relevant ICAV Prospectus Supplement. The calculation of any Performance Fee 
will be verified by the ICAV Depositary or a competent person appointed by the AIFM and 
approved for the purpose by the ICAV Depositary. 
Details of any Performance Fee payable out of the assets of a Sub-Fund or details of how 
the Performance Fee is calculated and accrued at the Sub-Fund level will be set out in the 
relevant ICAV Prospectus Supplement as applicable under the heading "Fees and 
Expenses". 
ICAV Directors' Fees 
Unless otherwise agreed, the ICAV Directors will be entitled to a fee which is not 
expected to exceed in aggregate €60,000 (plus VAT) per annum which shall be borne by 
the ICAV and payable by each Sub-Fund on a pro rata basis. Shareholders shall be 
notified in advance of any change to the fees payable to the ICAV Directors. In addition, 
the ICAV Directors will be entitled to a fee payable by the ICAV in relation to 
reimbursement of any reasonable expenses for attending the ICAV's board meetings 
which (in addition to any out-of-pocket expenses).  
Operational Costs 
The following fees and expenses may be payable out of the assets of a Sub-Fund, 
including expenses which are initially invoiced to the AIFM and subsequently re-charged 
by the AIFM to the Sub-Fund and other accounts managed by the AIFM. 
Any fees and expenses in respect of circulating details of Net Asset Value, running costs 
(including, but not limited to, fees and expenses relating to software utilised in managing 
the ICAV including without limitation, cost of communication with Shareholders (including 
risk aggregation reporting and investor reporting software), cost of shareholder and 
Director meetings, administrative expenses and costs of printing and mailing reports and 
notices), calculations, stamp duties, entity-level taxes, taxation fees, initial and annual 
company registration fees, initial and ongoing regulatory fees and costs, legal, compliance 
and secretarial fees, legal fees, tracking software fees, anti-money laundering reporting 
officer fees, any costs incurred in respect of meetings of Shareholders, marketing and 
distribution costs including without limitation the costs and expenses associated with the

--- Page 89 ---
PL/PL/398925/2/UKM/106150756.12
89
appointment of a third party broker-dealer for US marketing purposes., investment 
transaction charges (e.g., expenses that, in the AIFM's discretion, are related to the 
investment of the ICAV's assets, such as execution fees and commissions (including fees 
charged by exchanges, trading platforms or portals), post-trade transaction processing 
fees, the costs of market data (including costs relating to the investment process which 
includes research and development, fees for software and other technology facilities used 
to develop investment strategies, data advisory fees, market and other investment and 
counterparty related data used by the AIFM in its investment process, licences for the 
delivery of such data, data terminals, third party fees for sourcing data, the cost of risk 
monitoring and trade surveillance and compliance solutions (including regulatory 
monitoring and reporting)) used by the AIFM in executing trades on behalf of the ICAV 
including a portion of the fees of a third party adviser that has been engaged to minimise 
such costs, fees (including trade repository membership fees) incurred in connection with 
post-trade transaction processing (trade matching, reconciliation, confirmation and 
reporting), cash and collateral management and reporting, short sales, clearing and 
settlement charges, custodial and ICAV Depositary fees, bank service fees and interest 
expenses, brokerage or other expenses of acquiring and disposing of investments), 
investment-related travel expenses (which are travel expenses related to the purchase, 
sale or transmittal of the ICAV's investments incurred by the AIFM), costs incurred in 
respect of the distribution of income to Shareholders, the fees and expenses of any 
paying agent or representative appointed in compliance with the requirements of another 
jurisdiction, any amount payable under indemnity provisions contained in the ICAV 
Instrument of Incorporation or any agreement with any appointee of the ICAV, the fees 
and expenses of the ICAV Auditors, tax advisor consultants, legal advisors and other 
experts, legal fee tracking software fees, costs related to errors and omissions insurance 
for the AIFM, fees of the ICAV Directors, costs relating to ICAV Directors' and officers' 
liability insurance and registering the Shares for sale in other jurisdictions shall be paid by 
the ICAV out of the assets of each Sub-Fund. The costs of printing and distributing the 
ICAV Prospectus, ICAV Prospectus Supplements, reports, accounts and any explanatory 
memoranda, any necessary translation fees, the costs of publishing prices and any costs 
incurred as a result of periodic updates of the ICAV Prospectus, ICAV Prospectus 
Supplements or of a change in law or the introduction of any new law (including any costs 
incurred as a result of compliance with any applicable code, whether or not having the 
force of law) will also be paid by the ICAV out of the assets of each Sub-Fund. 
Certain of the Sub-Fund's orders are executed using algorithms provided by third party 
brokers and as such the algorithms will either be made available without any additional 
charge in excess of the standard commissions charged by the broker in question as 
applied to all execution (whether carried out using broker algorithms or otherwise) or the 
cost of such algorithmic execution will be added to the execution commissions by way of 
an additional charge. In certain circumstances, the AIFM may be treated, as a contractual 
matter, as receiving the brokerage services from the broker and as passing on the costs 
of those services to the Sub-Fund.  
Sub-Fund Expenses  
If any profits and losses are received under SFTs, they will be for the account of the 
relevant Sub-Fund. SFTs may be subject to costs, which shall be at normal commercial 
rates, including fees and spreads payable to third parties unaffiliated to the AIFM. 
Details of any additional fees and expenses payable out of the assets of each Sub-Fund 
are set out in the relevant ICAV Prospectus Supplement.

--- Page 90 ---
PL/PL/398925/2/UKM/106150756.12
90
The AIFM employs the following procedures to ensure that it complies with the AIFMD 
Level 2 Regulations (and, in particular, Article 25 (3) of the AIFM Directive) and the 
requirements of the Central Bank. 
Borrowing and Leverage 
Subject to any limits and conditions laid down by the Central Bank, the ICAV Directors may 
exercise all powers of the ICAV to borrow money or charge its undertaking, property and 
assets or any part thereof and to issue bonds, notes, debentures or other securities 
whether outright or as security for any debts or obligations of the ICAV. 
The maximum level of leverage which the AIFM may employ on behalf of a Sub-Fund, as 
well as the extent of the right to reuse collateral or guarantee that could be granted under 
the leveraging arrangement is set taking into account a number of factors, including: 
(a) 
the type of Sub-Fund; 
(b) 
the investment strategy of the Sub-Fund; 
(c) 
the sources of leverage of the Sub-Fund; 
(d) 
any other interlinkage or relevant relationships with other financial services 
institutions, which could pose systemic risk; 
(e) 
the need to limit the exposure to any single counterparty; 
(f) 
the extent to which the leverage is collateralised; and 
(g) 
the asset-liability ratio. 
The borrowing and leverage limits (if any) for each Sub-Fund (and the details of any 
collateral arrangements to secure borrowings) are set out in the relevant ICAV Prospectus 
Supplement.

--- Page 91 ---
PL/PL/398925/2/UKM/106150756.12
91
The Parties 
The ICAV Directors 
The ICAV Directors of the ICAV, each of whom is a non-executive director whose 
appointment is not time limited, are: 
Adrian Waters (Resident in Ireland) 
Adrian Waters is a Fellow of The Institute of Chartered Accountants in Ireland and of The 
Institute of ICAV Directors. He is a Chartered Director (UK Institute of ICAV Directors) and 
he specializes in risk management and governance. He has over 30 years' experience in 
the funds industry. He is a director of several other investment funds. From 1993 to 2001, 
he held various executive positions within The BISYS Group, Inc. (now part of the Citi 
Group), including Chief Executive Officer of BISYS Fund Services (Ireland) Limited and 
finally as Senior Vice President – Europe for BISYS Investment Services out of London. 
From 1989 to 1993, he was employed by the Investment Services Group of 
PricewaterhouseCoopers in New York and prior to that by Oliver Freaney and Company, 
Chartered Accountants, in Dublin. Mr. Waters holds a Bachelor of Commerce degree and a 
Post Graduate Diploma in Corporate Governance both received from University College 
Dublin in 1985 and 2005, respectively. Additionally, in 2013, he has received a Master of 
Science degree in Risk Management from the Stern Business School at New York 
University. 
Teddy Otto (Resident in Ireland) 
Teddy Otto is a principal of Carne Global Financial Services Limited which he joined in 
2007. He specialises mainly in corporate governance, product development, fund 
establishment, compliance and risk management. Before joining Carne Global Financial 
Services Limited, Mr Otto was employed by the Allianz/Dresdner Bank group in Ireland for 
six years. During this time he acted as Head of Fund Operations, Head of Product 
Management and was appointed as a director the Irish management company of Allianz 
Global Investors and a range of Irish-and Cayman-domiciled investment companies. He 
had previously held senior positions in the areas of market data and custody at Deutsche 
International (Ireland) Limited and worked in the investment banking division of Deutsche 
Bank, Frankfurt. He spent over six years at Deutsche Bank group. Prior to that, he was 
employed with Bankgesellschaft Berlin for two years. He holds a degree in business  
administration from Technische Universität Berlin. 
John Skelly (Resident in Ireland) 
John Skelly acts as a director and chairman on the boards of a number of industry-leading 
funds and management companies and has over 30 years of experience in the Investment 
Funds and Asset Management Industry. He acts for both Irish and Cayman funds. Mr. 
Skelly is a specialist in compliance, risk, product development and operations for both 
traditional funds and hedge funds including UCITS and AIFs and has helped develop the 
operational infrastructure of a number of investment funds. He has in-depth understanding 
of hedge fund and traditional fund operational requirements and has project managed a 
number of fund launches. Mr. Skelly joined Carne Global Financial Services Limited in 2006 
and specialises in compliance, product and operations for traditional funds and hedge

--- Page 92 ---
PL/PL/398925/2/UKM/106150756.12
92
funds. John regularly gives industry training on investment fund products, particularly 
UCITS. He is formerly a Council member of Irish Funds. Prior to joining Carne, he was 
Chief Operating Officer of Carlton Capital Partners, London from 2005 to 2006 where he 
was responsible for developing and running its fund of hedge fund operations. Prior to this, 
he was General Manager of the Dublin Branch of BNP Paribas Securities Services from 
2000 to 2005 where he set up and managed the company's Trust and Custody business in 
Dublin. During this period, he was a member of the Irish Funds Industry Association 
Trustee Committee. From 1999 to 2000, he acted as Financial Controller of Investments for 
Norwich Union Insurance Group (Ireland) and, from 1997 to 1999, as Head of Operations at 
Custom House Fund Management, an alternative investment/hedge fund administrator. 
Prior to this, he was Accounting and Tax manager with Ulster Bank Investment Services 
Limited having trained with Deloitte in Dublin. 
James Gilbert (Resident in the United Kingdom) 
Mr Gilbert has been Aspect's Director of Legal since January 2019 with responsibility for 
Aspect's Legal function. He joined the company as Legal Counsel in August 2012, and was 
promoted to the role of Senior Lawyer, with primary responsibility for all regulatory matters, 
in July 2015. Prior to joining Aspect, he worked at leading City law firm Macfarlanes LLP, 
initially as a trainee solicitor from March 2006 to March 2008 and subsequently as a 
qualified solicitor in the Tax and Structuring Department from March 2008 to August 2012, 
during which time he also qualified as a Chartered Tax Advisor. Mr Gilbert holds an M.A. in 
Mathematics and Philosophy from Balliol College, Oxford University and completed the 
Graduate Diploma in Law and Legal Practice Course at BPP Law School. 
The address of the ICAV Directors is the registered office of the ICAV. 
No ICAV Director has: 
a) 
any unspent convictions in relation to indictable offences; or 
b) 
been a director of any company or partnership which, while he was a director with 
an executive function or partner at the time of or within the 12 months preceding 
such events, been declared bankrupt, went into receivership, liquidation, 
administration or voluntary arrangements;  
c) 
been subject to any official public incrimination and/or sanctions by statutory or 
regulatory authorities (including designated professional bodies); or been 
disqualified by a court from acting as a director of a company or from acting in the 
management or conduct of affairs of any company; or 
d) 
a service contract with the ICAV which provides for benefits upon the termination of 
such service contract; or 
e) 
any interest in the shares of the ICAV save as disclosed in the section of this Base 
Prospectus entitled "Series Assets – Description of the Shares and the Companies 
– Share Capital of the ICAV". 
Save for the information disclosed herein, no further information is required to be given in 
respect of the ICAV Directors pursuant to the listing requirements of Euronext Dublin.

--- Page 93 ---
PL/PL/398925/2/UKM/106150756.12
93
Pursuant to the ICAV Instrument of Incorporation each of the ICAV Directors shall be 
indemnified by the ICAV against and secured harmless out of the assets and profits of the 
ICAV from and against all costs, losses and expenses which any ICAV Director may incur 
or become liable to by reason of any contract entered into, or act or thing done by him as 
an ICAV Director or in any way in discharge of his duties, including travelling expenses, and 
the amount for which such indemnity is provided shall immediately attach as a lien on the 
property of the ICAV and have priority as between the Shareholders over all other claims 
provided that, as permitted by the ICAV Act such indemnity shall not extend to any of the 
foregoing sustained or incurred as a result of any negligence, default, breach of duty or 
breach of trust by him in relation to the ICAV and the amount for which such indemnity is 
provided. 
AIFM 
Aspect Capital Limited has been appointed as the AIFM.  
The AIFM is regulated by the FCA and for the purposes of the AIFM Directive and is 
authorised by the FCA. 
The AIFM was incorporated as a private limited company in England and Wales on 12 
January 1998 and is authorised and regulated by the UK Financial Conduct Authority 
("FCA"). The AIFM is also registered with the United States Commodity Futures Trading 
Commission (the "CFTC") as a commodity pool operator and as a commodity trading 
advisor, has been approved as a swap firm by the NFA and is a member of the US National 
Futures Association (the "NFA") and is registered with the US Securities and Exchange 
Commission (the "SEC") as an investment adviser. Such registrations and memberships in 
no way imply that the FCA, the CFTC, the NFA or the SEC have endorsed the AIFM's 
qualifications to provide the advisory services described in the ICAV Prospectus. 
The AIFM also acts as principal distributor of the ICAV, and is therefore the entity with 
primary responsibility for promoting the ICAV. 
The AIFM covers potential professional liability risks resulting from those activities the AIFM 
carries out pursuant to the AIFM Directive, as transposed by the AIFMD Regulations, 
through 'own funds'. 
The AIFM has remuneration policies, procedures and practices which are consistent with 
and promote sound and effective risk management. They apply to staff whose professional 
activities have a material impact on the risk profile of the AIFM or the ICAV and are 
designed not to encourage risk-taking which is inconsistent with the risk profile of the ICAV. 
The legal entity identifier of the AIFM is 549300HYQ08YB71NN340.  
Delegation by the AIFM 
The AIFM may make arrangements for third parties (in each case the "Delegate") to 
discharge some aspects of its functions. A Delegate may be required to fulfil some of the 
AIFM Directive requirements in relation to the aspects of the functions it discharges on a 
Sub-Fund's behalf. Where aspects of a function are delegated in the manner described, the 
AIFM will take all reasonable measures necessary with the aim of ensuring that the

--- Page 94 ---
PL/PL/398925/2/UKM/106150756.12
94
Delegate has taken the appropriate measures in order to comply with the requirements of 
the AIFM Directive and will be required to effectively monitor the compliance by the 
Delegate with those requirements. Details of any additional delegates will be disclosed in 
the periodic reports of the ICAV and made available to Shareholders upon request. 
Company Administrator  
U.S. Bank Global Fund Services (Ireland) Limited has been appointed to act as 
administrator, registrar and transfer agent for the ICAV, pursuant to the ICAV 
Administration Agreement. The Company Administrator is a fund administration company 
incorporated with limited liability in Ireland on 12 January, 2006 and is authorised by the 
Central Bank under the Investment Intermediaries Act, 1995. The Company Administrator 
is a wholly-owned subsidiary of U.S. Bancorp Fund Services, LLC, a subsidiary of U.S. 
Bancorp and is engaged in the business of, inter alia, providing a range of outsourced 
accounting and investor services solutions to collective investment undertakings and 
investment companies. 
The Company Administrator has been appointed to administer the day to day operations 
and business of the ICAV including processing subscriptions, redemptions, transfers, 
computing the Net Asset Value and the Net Asset Value per Share, maintaining books and 
records, disbursing payments, establishing and maintaining accounts on behalf of the ICAV 
and any other matters usually performed for the administration of a fund. The Company 
Administrator will also maintain the register of Shareholders. 
The Company Administrator is a service provider to the ICAV and is not involved directly or 
indirectly with the business affairs, organisation, distribution or management of the ICAV 
and is responsible and liable only for the administration services that it provides to the ICAV 
pursuant to the ICAV Administration Agreement. 
The ICAV reserves the right to change the administration arrangements described above 
by agreement with the Company Administrator and/or in their discretion to appoint an 
alternative administrator. 
ICAV Depositary 
The ICAV has appointed BNY Mellon Belgium (Dublin Branch) to act as the ICAV 
Depositary to the ICAV pursuant to the ICAV Depositary Agreement. The ICAV Depositary 
is a private limited liability company incorporated in Ireland on 13th October 1994. The 
ICAV Depositary was formerly known as BNY Mellon Trust Company (Ireland) Limited. The 
principal activity of the ICAV Depositary is to act as the depositary and trustee of the assets 
of collective investment schemes. The ICAV Depositary is authorised by the Central Bank 
under the Investment Intermediaries Act, 1995. 
The ICAV Depositary is a wholly-owned indirect subsidiary of The Bank of New York Mellon 
Corporation. BNY Mellon is a global financial services company focused on helping clients 
manage and service their financial assets, operating in 35 countries and serving more than 
100 markets. BNY Mellon is a leading provider of financial services for institutions, 
corporations and high-net-worth individuals, providing superior asset management and 
wealth management, asset servicing, issuer services, clearing services and treasury 
services through a worldwide client-focused team. As at 30 September 2017, it had USD

--- Page 95 ---
PL/PL/398925/2/UKM/106150756.12
95
32.2 trillion in assets under custody and administration and USD 1.8 trillion in assets under 
management. 
The legal entity identifier of the ICAV Depositary is 2138003M4V7DO3SDTS42. 
Legal Advisers 
Matheson is legal adviser to the ICAV as to matters of Irish law. Akin Gump Strauss Hauer 
& Feld LLP ("Akin Gump") is legal adviser to the ICAV as to matter of U.S. law. In 
connection with the offering of Shares and subsequent advice to the ICAV, neither 
Matheson nor Akin Gump has been representing, and will represent, investors in the ICAV. 
ICAV Auditor 
The ICAV has entered into an engagement letter with KPMG whereby KPMG agrees to 
provide annual audit services to the ICAV and to audit the ICAV's and each Sub-Fund's 
financial statements in accordance with, as may be further detailed in the ICAV Prospectus 
Supplement for the relevant Sub-Fund. 
Paying Agents and Local Representatives 
The ICAV Directors, the AIFM, the distributor or their duly authorised delegates may be 
authorised to appoint such paying agents and local representatives as may be required to 
facilitate the authorisation, regulation or registration of the ICAV, any Sub-Fund and / or the 
marketing of any of its Shares in any jurisdictions. Shareholders who choose or are obliged 
under local regulations to pay or receive subscription or redemption monies or dividends via 
an intermediate entity rather than directly to or from the Company Administrator (e.g., a 
paying agent in a local jurisdiction) bear a credit risk against that intermediate entity with 
respect to (a) subscription monies prior to the transmission of such monies to the Company 
Administrator for the account of the ICAV and (b) redemption monies payable by such 
intermediate entity to the relevant Shareholder. 
Other ICAV Service Providers 
The ICAV may appoint additional service providers to one or more Sub-Funds as may be 
specified in the relevant ICAV Prospectus Supplement. 
Investor Remedies 
Absent a direct contractual relationship between the Shareholder and the relevant service 
provider the Shareholder will generally have no direct rights against the relevant service 
provider and there are only limited circumstances in which the Shareholder could, in its 
capacity as Shareholder, potentially bring a claim against the relevant service provider 
(noting that under the ICAV Depositary Agreement Shareholders may enforce their rights 
directly against the ICAV Depositary). Instead, typically the proper plaintiff in an action in 
respect of which a wrongdoing is alleged to have been committed against the ICAV by the 
relevant service provider is, prima facie, the ICAV itself.

--- Page 96 ---
PL/PL/398925/2/UKM/106150756.12
96
Conflicts of interest 
General 
Where any potential conflict of interest arises, the AIFM will take all reasonable steps to 
prevent, manage and monitor the conflict in accordance with its conflicts of interest policy. 
In addition, the ICAV Directors will endeavour to ensure that any such conflict is resolved in 
a fair and equitable manner and without prejudice to the Shareholders. 
The AIFM, the Company Administrator, the ICAV Depositary, the brokers and other service 
providers, as applicable, referenced in the ICAV Prospectus or any ICAV Prospectus 
Supplement (together the "ICAV Service Providers") may act as general partner, 
manager, administrator, broker, alternative investment fund manager or investor or provide 
other services to other clients (including funds) now or in the future and may engage in 
other business activities. The ICAV Service Providers are not required to refrain from any 
such or other activity, to account for any profits from any such or other activity, or to devote 
all or any particular part of the time and effort of any of its or their partners, officers, ICAV 
Directors or employees to the ICAV and its affairs. In the case of the AIFM, such activity 
may include advising or managing the AIFM's own proprietary account or accounts in which 
Aspect, its directors or employees are the principal investor(s) or beneficiaries (the 
"Proprietary Accounts"). Investment decisions for a Sub-Fund and for such other clients, 
including the Proprietary Accounts, are made with a view to achieving their respective 
investment objectives and after consideration of such factors as their current holdings, the 
current investment views of the different portfolio managers of the AIFM, availability of cash 
for investment, and the size of their positions generally. Frequently, a particular investment 
may be bought or sold for only a Sub-Fund or only one client or Proprietary Account, or in 
different amounts and at different times for more than one but less than all clients or 
Proprietary Accounts, including a Sub-Fund. Likewise, a particular investment may be 
bought for a Sub-Fund or one or more clients or Proprietary Accounts when one or more 
other clients are selling the same security. In addition, purchases or sales of the same 
investment may be made for two or more clients, or Proprietary Accounts, including a Sub-
Fund, on the same date and mirror portfolios may be operated for other clients or 
Proprietary Accounts. In such event, such transactions will be allocated among the relevant 
Sub-Fund and clients or Proprietary Accounts in a manner believed by the AIFM to be 
equitable to each. Purchase and sale orders for a Sub-Fund may be combined with those 
of other clients or Proprietary Accounts of the AIFM. In effecting transactions, it may not 
always be possible, or consistent with the possibly differing investment objectives of the 
various clients or Proprietary Accounts and of a Sub-Fund, to take or liquidate the same 
investment positions at the same time or at the same prices. 
The investment objectives or strategies of other funds/clients including Proprietary 
Accounts advised or managed by the AIFM may be identical, similar or different to those of 
a Sub-Fund. There can be no assurance that the investment returns of any Sub-Fund will 
be similar or identical to the investment returns of any other fund managed by the AIFM. 
ICAV Service Providers may additionally serve as consultants to, partners or Shareholders 
in other investment funds, companies and investment firms. Certain investments may be 
appropriate for a Sub-Fund and also for other funds/clients including Proprietary Accounts 
advised or managed by the AIFM. 
Pursuant to the AIFM Directive, the AIFM has certain responsibilities in relation to the 
proper valuation of the ICAV's and each Sub-Fund's assets, and for the calculation and 
publication of the Net Asset Value. There is a potential conflict of interest between any 
involvement of the AIFM in this valuation and calculation process and the AIFM's 
entitlement to receive the investment management fee and performance fee (if any) from

--- Page 97 ---
PL/PL/398925/2/UKM/106150756.12
97
the relevant Sub-Fund, each of which is based on the performance of the Shares so the 
investment management fee and the performance fee (if any) will increase if the Net Asset 
Value and the Net Asset Value per Share increase. The Company Administrator, which has 
been appointed by the ICAV to calculate and publish the Net Asset Value, also faces a 
similar potential conflict of interest because its fee is also based on the Net Asset Value. 
From time to time, and to the extent permitted under applicable law and regulation, the 
AIFM's personnel may speak at conferences and programmes for potential investors 
interested in investing in hedge funds which are sponsored by a prime broker, a clearing 
broker or another broker. These conferences and programmes may be a means by which 
the AIFM can be introduced to potential investors for a Sub-Fund. Currently, none of the 
AIFM or the ICAV intends to compensate any such broker for organising such "capital 
introduction" events or for any investments ultimately made by prospective investors 
attending such events, although they may do so in the future. While such events and other 
services provided by a prime or clearing broker may influence the AIFM in deciding whether 
to use a prime broker in connection with brokerage, financing and other activities of a Sub-
Fund, the AIFM will not commit to allocate a particular amount of brokerage to such a prime 
or clearing broker in any such situation. 
From time to time, an entity that is a related party to the ICAV Depositary or another service 
provider to the ICAV or which is within the same corporate group of a client of the AIFM 
(usually a managed account), may also provide brokerage or securities lending services to 
the AIFM. In these circumstances, the AIFM ensures that those brokers providing execution 
services to the AIFM have no role in decisions taken by the AIFM in relation to its 
investment management activities. The AIFM also seeks to ensure that appropriate 
information barriers have been implemented where necessary, to prevent inappropriate 
information sharing by the broker within its corporate group. In addition, the AIFM (in 
accordance with its policies and procedures) takes all reasonable steps to obtain the best 
possible result for its clients in the execution of trades. The AIFM follows a rigorous internal 
procedure when selecting, appointing and monitoring its brokers which does not take into 
account whether or not a broker acts as a selling agent or as an investor in a product 
managed by the AIFM, whether the broker offers sponsored direct market access (where 
such access is permitted in accordance with applicable law and regulation) or whether, as a 
contractual matter, the AIFM or the Sub-Fund is treated as receiving the brokerage services 
from the broker. 
The ICAV Directors may act as ICAV Directors to similar collective investment schemes to 
the ICAV, and/or provide, in a professional capacity, other services to other clients 
(including other collective investment schemes) now or in the future. The ICAV Directors 
will engage in other business activities and are not required to refrain from any other activity 
or to account for any profits from any such activity. 
Additionally, an ICAV Director, officer or employee of the AIFM may from time to time serve 
on various committees or boards of futures exchanges or other self-regulatory 
organisations and assist in making rules and policies of those exchanges and 
organisations. In such capacity, such person has a fiduciary duty to the exchanges and 
organisations in relation to which such person serves and is required to act in the best 
interests of such exchanges and organisations, even if such action may be adverse to the 
interests of the ICAV or Sub-Fund. 
It is not part of the AIFM's investment policy to use research provided by any third party to 
form part of the investment decision process. At present, to the extent that the AIFM does 
receive any investment research from a third party, it will pay for it out of its own resources.

--- Page 98 ---
PL/PL/398925/2/UKM/106150756.12
98
In the future the AIFM may consider alternative approaches to research, such as a 
research payment account, to the extent permitted under applicable law and regulation. 
Shares and ICAV Directors' Discretion 
The ICAV Directors may under the ICAV Instrument of Incorporation of the ICAV issue one 
or more different Class(es) of Shares to Shareholders. Each Class may have different fees 
payable and may have varying levels of volatility. The Shares of each Class may be 
denominated in different currencies and it may be the case that one Class of Shares is only 
available to a restricted number of investors or even one investor in the absolute discretion 
of the ICAV Directors, acting in good faith. Such arrangements will be entered into by the 
ICAV on the basis that all Shareholders will benefit from the economies of scale which the 
ICAV will experience by increasing its Net Asset Value through subscriptions for Shares. 
The AIFM may, without reference to the ICAV, advise on or effect any transaction in which 
it has (a) sold to, or bought from the ICAV any of the assets of the ICAV, as the case may 
be; (b) acted in the same transaction as an agent for both the ICAV and the counterparty; 
or (c) directly or indirectly a material interest of any description, or has a relationship with 
another person such as to place the AIFM in a position where its duty to or interest in 
relation to that other person conflicts or may conflict with its duty to the ICAV. Without 
prejudice to the generality of the foregoing, it is understood that (i) the directors, officers, 
agents and Shareholders of the ICAV are or may be interested in the AIFM as directors, 
officers, shareholders or otherwise; (ii) the ICAV Directors, officers, shareholders and 
agents of the AIFM are or may be interested in any service provider to the AIFM, including 
entities which provide information to the AIFM. 
Interested Party Transactions 
The AIFM has established and maintains an effective conflicts of interest policy which 
incorporates procedures in order to identify, prevent, manage and monitor any conflicts of 
interest in order to prevent them from adversely affecting the invests of the ICAV and the 
Shareholders. The ICAV Service Providers, any of their members, directors, officers, 
employees, agents and connected persons and the ICAV Directors and any person or 
company with whom they are affiliated or by whom they are employed (each an "Interested 
Party") may be involved in other financial, investment or other professional activities which 
may cause conflicts of interest with the ICAV. In particular, Interested Parties may provide 
services similar to those provided to the ICAV to other entities and will not be liable to 
account for any profit earned from any such services. The Interested Parties will at all times 
have due regard to their duties owed to the ICAV and, where a conflict arises, the AIFM 
and the relevant ICAV Service Provider will endeavour to ensure that it is resolved fairly. 
An Interested Party may provide professional services to the ICAV (but no Interested Party 
will act as ICAV Auditor). An Interested Party may contract or enter into any financial or 
other transaction with any Shareholder or with any entity any of whose securities are held 
by or for the account of a Sub-Fund, or may be interested in any such contract or 
transaction. Furthermore, any Interested Party may receive commissions to which such 
Interested Party is contractually entitled in relation to any sale or purchase of any 
investments of a Sub-Fund effected by it for the account of the Sub-Fund, if in each case 
the terms are no less beneficial to the Sub-Fund than a transaction involving a disinterested 
party and any commission is in line with market practice.

--- Page 99 ---
PL/PL/398925/2/UKM/106150756.12
99
An Interested Party may only contract or enter into any financial, banking or other 
transaction with a Sub-Fund, where it is carried out on normal commercial terms negotiated 
at arm's length and is in the best interests of the Shareholders of that Sub-Fund and the 
relevant transaction is subject to: 
(a) 
a certified valuation by a person approved by the ICAV Depositary (or in the case of 
any such transaction entered into by the ICAV Depositary, the ICAV Directors) as 
independent and competent; or 
(b) 
execution on best terms on an organised investment exchange under its rules; or 
(c) 
where (a) and (b) are not practical, execution on terms which the ICAV Depositary 
is (or in the case of any such transaction entered into by the ICAV Depositary, the ICAV 
Directors are) satisfied conform with the principle that such transactions be carried out on 
normal commercial terms negotiated at arm's length and in the best interests of 
Shareholders. 
In addition, any Interested Party may invest in and deal in Shares or any property of the 
kind included in the property of any Sub-Fund for their respective individual accounts or for 
the account of someone else. There will be no obligation on the part of any Interested Party 
to account to the relevant Sub-Fund or to Shareholders for any benefits so arising and any 
such benefits may be retained by the relevant party. 
Any cash of the ICAV may be deposited, subject to the provisions of the Central Bank Acts, 
1942 to 1998, of Ireland as amended by the Central Bank and Financial Services Authority 
of Ireland Acts, 2003 to 2004 with any Interested Party or invested in certificates of deposit 
or banking instruments issued by any Interested Party. Banking and similar transactions 
may also be undertaken with or through an Interested Party. 
Dealing Commissions and Soft Commissions 
The AIFM may effect transactions or arrange for the effecting of transactions through 
brokers with whom it has arrangements whereby the broker agrees to use a proportion of 
the commission earned on such transactions to discharge the broker's own costs or the 
costs of third parties in providing certain services to the AIFM. The services that can be 
paid for under such arrangements are subject to the FCA Rules and any other regulatory 
rules applicable to the AIFM, namely those that relate to the execution of transactions on 
behalf of customers or the provision of investment research to the AIFM. The benefits 
provided under such arrangements will (i) assist the AIFM in the provision of investment 
management services to the Sub-Fund and (ii) not impair compliance with the AIFM's duty 
to act in the best interests of the Sub-Fund. Specifically, the AIFM may agree that a broker 
shall be paid a commission in excess of the amount another broker would have charged for 
effecting such transaction so long as, in the good faith judgment of the AIFM, the amount of 
the commission is reasonable in relation to the value of the brokerage and other services 
provided or paid for by such broker. Such services may be used by the AIFM in connection 
with transactions in which the relevant Sub-Fund will not participate. 
Subject to applicable laws and regulations, authorised delegates of the AIFM may enter into 
similar arrangements with brokers. A report will be included in the ICAV's annual reports 
describing the AIFM's soft commission practices (if any). In addition details of any 
commission paid by the AIFM are available upon request.

--- Page 100 ---
PL/PL/398925/2/UKM/106150756.12
100
Payments out of Fees 
The AIFM (unless otherwise agreed between the AIFM and the ICAV) will receive 
payments from the Sub-Fund in relation to the AIFM fee,  management fee and any 
Performance Fee. The AIFM may agree, in its discretion, to pay any Shareholder, 
distributor or other person, or otherwise provide any of them with, a rebate or commission 
out of all or part of any fees paid by a Sub-Fund. Unless otherwise required in accordance 
with the applicable laws and regulations of any jurisdiction, the selection of one or more 
persons with whom such private agreement may be made and the terms of such 
agreement is a matter solely between the AIFM and such other person, provided always 
that a condition of any such agreement is that the ICAV shall not incur any additional 
obligation or liability whatsoever. Where the selection of such person(s) is required under 
applicable law to be based on objective criteria, such criteria may include (without 
limitation) the expected amount of investment to be made or fees to be generated by such 
person(s), the expected investment period of such person(s) and the willingness of such 
person(s) to provide services or benefits to the AIFM. Each potential Shareholder and each 
Shareholder in subscribing for and in holding Shares agrees that such agreements will not 
be treated as affecting their rights as Shareholders. 
The AIFM may act as investment manager or advisor to other clients (including other funds 
with the same, or a different investment objective and approach) now or in the future. It may 
additionally serve as consultant to, partner or shareholder in other funds, companies and 
investment firms. 
Side Letters 
The AIFM and/or the ICAV may enter into a side letter or similar agreement with a 
Shareholder or potential investor which may waive or modify the application of any of the 
terms described in the ICAV Prospectus, any ICAV Prospectus Supplement or the 
subscription documentation or to agree any specific term with an investor.  
In such circumstances those Shareholders or potential investors, as applicable, will be 
provided with a benefit that is not granted to other Shareholders. Existing Shareholders or 
potential investors entering into such arrangements may comprise for example individuals, 
broker-dealers, insurance companies, registered investment companies (such as mutual or 
UCITS funds), private funds, non-profit organisations and charitable organisations, trusts, 
pension plans, banking or other financial institutions, state or municipal government entities 
and sovereign wealth funds. Neither the AIFM or the ICAV are required to disclose the 
terms of such side letters, including, without limitation, the identity of the parties thereto, to 
any Shareholder, save to the extent the AIFM Directive requires details relating to the types 
of such terms and types of investors (including their legal and economic links to the AIFM, if 
any) to be made available to Shareholders of the relevant Sub-Fund or prospective 
investors as the case may be. Such information will be made available prior to either an 
initial or an additional investment in the relevant Sub-Fund. 
Disclosure of Information 
In connection with the marketing or promotion of the ICAV and/or to facilitate the analysis of 
the risks across the investment portfolio of the ICAV, the AIFM or the ICAV may from time 
to time, and subject to confidentiality undertakings as may be necessary, disclose certain 
information relating to the ICAV to third parties, including to potential Shareholders, to the 
holders and potential holders of managed accounts the assets of which are invested using

--- Page 101 ---
PL/PL/398925/2/UKM/106150756.12
101
the same investment programme which may be applied by a relevant Sub-Fund and to 
investment advisers, managers and/or risk analysts engaged by or acting on behalf of 
Shareholders or potential Shareholders.  
Other vehicles managed by the AIFM 
The AIFM may act as the investment manager to other vehicles or entities, including 
Proprietary Accounts, which invest in accordance with the same or substantially the same 
investment programme as the programme applied by a relevant Sub-Fund (or have the 
same effect as investing in accordance with the same or substantially the same investment 
programme as the programme applied by a relevant Sub-Fund) and which offer different 
terms to their investors. For example, subscriptions and redemptions may be made on a 
more frequent basis than may be made by Shareholders in the Sub-Fund. Consequently, 
investors in such other vehicles or entities (including the AIFM, its principals, ICAV 
Directors or employees) may be able to reduce or eliminate their exposure to an investment 
programme (or substantially the same investment programme) more quickly than 
Shareholders in a relevant Sub-Fund, which could, in certain circumstances, also have an 
impact on the value of the instruments held by the Sub-Fund. Similarly, such other vehicles 
or entities, including Proprietary Accounts, may pay fees at a lower rate or less frequent 
basis than the relevant Sub-Fund. The AIFM does not at present, but may in future, also act 
as investment manager in respect of a fund which holds an interest directly or indirectly in 
the ICAV. 
Valuations 
The Net Asset Value of each Sub-Fund will be calculated by the Company Administrator in 
accordance with the ICAV Instrument of Incorporation and the AIFM's Valuation Policy and 
shall be carried out at least as often as the relevant Sub-Fund deals. 
The Net Asset Value of each Sub-Fund shall be determined as at each Valuation Point by 
valuing the assets of the relevant Sub-Fund (including income accrued but not collected) 
and deducting the liabilities of that Sub-Fund. The Net Asset Value attributable to a Class 
or Class Series shall be determined as at each Valuation Point by calculating that portion of 
the Net Asset Value of the relevant Sub-Fund attributable to the relevant Class or Class 
Series as at the Valuation Point by reference to the number of Shares in issue in each 
Class or Class Series as at the relevant Valuation Point subject to adjustment to take 
account of assets and/or liabilities attributable to the Sub-Fund or Class. The Net Asset 
Value of a Sub-Fund or Class or a Class Series will be expressed in the relevant Base 
Currency or Class Currency, or in such other currency as the ICAV Directors may 
determine either generally or in relation to a particular Sub-Fund or Class or Class Series or 
in a specific case. 
The Net Asset Value per Share shall be calculated as at each Valuation Point by dividing 
the Net Asset Value of a Sub-Fund or attributable to a Class or Class Series by the total 
number of Shares in issue or deemed to be in issue in the relevant Sub-Fund or Class or 
Class Series at the relevant Valuation Point and rounding the resulting total up to 4 decimal 
places or such number of decimal places as the AIFM may determine. 
In the event that one or more additional Classes or Class Series of Shares are issued, a 
Class Account will be established in the books of the relevant Sub-Fund in respect of each 
Class. An amount equal to the proceeds of issue of each Share will be credited to the 
relevant Class Account. Any increase or decrease in the Net Asset Value of the portfolio of

--- Page 102 ---
PL/PL/398925/2/UKM/106150756.12
102
assets of the relevant Sub-Fund (disregarding for these purposes any increases in the Net 
Asset Value of the portfolio due to new subscriptions or decreases due to redemptions or 
any designated Class or Class Series adjustments (as defined below)) will be allocated to 
the relevant separate Class Accounts based on the previous relative Net Asset Values of 
each such separate Class Account. There will then be allocated to each Class Account the 
"designated Class or Class Series adjustments" being those costs, pre-paid expenses, 
losses, dividends, profits, gains and income which the AIFM determines relate to a single 
separate Class. 
A new Class Series of each Class of Shares may be available, as set out in the relevant 
ICAV Prospectus Supplement, for subscription on each Subscription Dealing Day or as 
determined by the ICAV Directors. Shares may be issued in separate Class Series in order 
to permit any performance fee to be calculated separately with respect to each Class 
Series. The Net Asset Value per Share of all the Shares in a particular Class Series will be 
the same, though the Net Asset Value per Share of one Class Series may differ from the 
Net Asset Value per Share of another Class Series.
Shares within a Class Series will have the same Net Asset Value per Share. Any fee 
(including management or performance fees) accrued with respect to a particular Class 
Series will be debited against the Net Asset Value of such Class Series. Because the 
various Class Series of Shares will be issued at different dates, the Net Asset Value per 
Share of each Class Series of Shares may differ. 
Any Class Series of a Class of Shares may, in the absolute discretion of the ICAV 
Directors, be redeemed by the ICAV and consolidated together with one or more other 
Class Series of the same Class into a single Class Series by the issue of further Shares of 
that Class Series or a new Class Series of the same Class. 
In determining the value of the assets of each Sub-Fund: 
(a) 
any Investment which is listed or quoted, including any contract for difference or 
other derivative which is valued by reference to such underlying listed or quoted securities, 
on a Recognised Exchange, any securities exchange or similar electronic system and 
regularly traded thereon will be valued as at the Valuation Point as at the last available 
traded price for that exchange or system, with the exception of bonds which will be valued 
at the last available traded price using a third party pricing source (such as the FT 
Interactive Data Corporation ("IDC") evaluated price feed); 
(b) 
if an Investment is listed on several Recognised Exchanges, the last closing price 
as at the Valuation Point on the Recognised Exchange which in the opinion of the AIFM or 
its delegate or an External Valuer, firm or corporation appointed by the AIFM, constitutes 
the market upon which such Investments have been traded; 
(c) 
private placements, unlisted securities and other securities not falling within (a) 
above will generally be valued at cost or last traded price. If the AIFM receives information 
relevant to the valuation of the investment, the AIFM may provide a recommendation to the 
Company Administrator as to the probable realisation value of the relevant security (if 
different from cost or last traded price) based on another method of valuation which it 
considers betters reflects value. The Company Administrator will apply the valuation 
accordingly. The ICAV Directors may appoint another External Valuer for the purposes of 
providing another valuation for such investment on the basis of its probable realisation

--- Page 103 ---
PL/PL/398925/2/UKM/106150756.12
103
value which, subject to acceptance of the valuation by the ICAV Directors, the Company 
Administrator will then apply; 
(d) 
exchange traded derivatives will be valued at the last available settlement price 
issued by the relevant exchange and forward foreign exchange contracts will be valued by 
reference to freely available market quotations; 
(e) 
Over the counter ("OTC") Investments (such as swaps, options and other financial 
derivatives) which are not listed and not dealt in or traded through a clearing firm or an 
exchange or through a financial institution will be valued on the basis of the latest available 
valuation provided by the relevant counterparty; 
(f) 
units or shares in collective investment schemes shall be valued at the last 
available net asset value per unit or share as at the Valuation Point for the relevant Dealing 
Day. If no such valuation is available or if the shares or units in the collective investment 
scheme are not listed or quoted on any securities exchange or similar electronic system, or 
if in the opinion of the AIFM the valuation provided does not represent fair market value, the 
valuation shall be determined using a pricing hierarchy adopted by the Company 
Administrator in determining the latest available net asset value of shares or units in that 
collective investment scheme (in descending order of preference) as follows: (i) adoption of 
the finalised price from the administrator of the relevant collective investment scheme, (ii) 
adoption of the finalised price from the manager of the collective investment scheme, (iii) 
adoption of the estimated price from administrator of the collective investment scheme, (iv) 
adoption of the percentage movement as determined by the manager of the collective 
investment scheme (applied conservatively, in consultation with the AIFM), and (v) adoption 
of the previous month-end price;
(g) 
the value of (i) deposits will be valued at their cost, (ii) cash in hand and money 
market instruments shall be valued at their face value plus accrued interest, as at the 
Valuation Point. 
Notwithstanding the valuation principles set out above, on occasions when it is not possible 
or appropriate to apply the above principles (such as the non-availability of a relevant 
pricing source or where prices are "stale" or relate to impaired securities) the valuation of a 
specific asset may be carried out under an alternative method of valuation if the ICAV 
Directors or the AIFM deem it necessary. The ICAV Directors and/or the AIFM may in good 
faith permit any other method of valuation to be used if they consider that such method of 
valuation better reflects value. The alternative method of valuation and the 
rationale/methodologies involved will be clearly documented. 
The ICAV Directors or the AIFM may adjust the value of investments if it considers that 
such adjustment is required to reflect the fair value thereof, in the context of currency, 
marketability, dealing costs and such other considerations which are deemed relevant. 
The adjustment and the rationale/methodologies involved will be clearly documented. 
Any value not denominated in the Base Currency of a Sub-Fund will be converted into the 
Base Currency at the relevant Valuation Point, having regard, among other things, to any 
applicable premium or discount and to costs of exchange.

--- Page 104 ---
PL/PL/398925/2/UKM/106150756.12
104
Every decision taken by the ICAV Directors, the AIFM or any duly authorised person on 
behalf of the ICAV in calculating the Net Asset Value of a Class or the Net Asset Value per 
Share shall be final and binding on the ICAV and on present, past and future Shareholders. 
 Publication of Net Asset Value 
The Net Asset Value of the ICAV or a Sub-Fund shall be published and available from the 
Company Administrator as soon as practicable after the finalisation of the Net Asset Value 
of the ICAV or the relevant Sub-Fund and such other day or days as the ICAV Directors 
may determine and will be subsequently distributed to Shareholders. The Net Asset Value 
of the ICAV or a Sub-Fund shall be notified to Euronext Dublin immediately upon 
calculation. 
Suspension of Calculation of Net Asset Value 
The ICAV Directors may, at any time prior to, at or after the Valuation Point and without 
prior notice to the Shareholders, temporarily suspend the calculation of the Net Asset Value 
of a Sub-Fund, or the Net Asset Value attributable to a Class or the Net Asset Value per 
Share and/or the issue and redemption or exchange of Shares to and from Shareholders 
during: 
(a) 
any period during which one or more of that Sub-Fund's Investments has 
suspended the determination of its or their net asset value(s) and/or has suspended 
redemptions or withdrawals; 
(b) 
any period when any exchange, other board of trade or over-the-counter market on 
which a substantial portion of that Sub-Fund's Investments is quoted is closed, other than 
for ordinary holidays and weekends, or during periods in which dealings for a substantial 
portion of Investments of a Sub-Fund are restricted or suspended or where a contract for 
differences cannot be closed out on the relevant date; 
(c) 
the existence of any state of affairs as a result of which, in the opinion of the ICAV 
Directors, disposal of Investments by the relevant Sub-Fund would not be reasonably 
practicable or is reasonably expected to be prejudicial to remaining investors in that Sub-
Fund (or any Class thereof) or the ICAV as a whole; 
 (d) 
the existence of any state of affairs as a result of which disposal of a portion of 
Investments deemed significant by the ICAV Directors is restricted under applicable 
securities laws or regulations, or would result in a breach of contractual obligations of the 
ICAV to third parties; 
(e) 
any breakdown in the means of communication normally employed in determining 
the price or value of any portion of that Sub-Fund's Investments, or when for any other 
reason the prices or values of any of the Investments owned by the relevant Sub-Fund 
cannot reasonably be promptly and accurately ascertained; 
(f) 
any period during which for any other reason it is not possible to ascertain the price 
or value of one or more of a Sub-Fund's Investments;

--- Page 105 ---
PL/PL/398925/2/UKM/106150756.12
105
(g) 
any period when the transfer of funds involved in the realisation or acquisition of 
any Investments cannot, in the opinion of the ICAV Directors, be effected at normal rates of 
exchange; 
(h) 
any period when, in the opinion of the ICAV Directors, the effect of redemptions, 
including redemptions for which redemption requests have been received, would materially 
impair that Sub-Fund's ability to operate in pursuit of its objectives, the Sub-Fund or any of 
the remaining investors in that Sub-Fund (or any Class thereof) would be unfairly and 
materially disadvantaged or would cause a breach or default under any covenant in any 
agreement entered into by the ICAV, including an agreement for borrowing or other 
financing agreement or the effect of redemptions would otherwise jeopardise the tax status 
of that Sub-Fund (or any Class thereof); 
(i) 
any other such period when, in the opinion of the ICAV Directors, disposal of part or 
all of that Sub-Fund's assets, or determination of the Net Asset Value of the relevant Sub-
Fund (or one or more Classes thereof), would not be reasonable or practicable or would be 
prejudicial to the investors in that Sub-Fund (or any Class thereof); 
(j) 
the period in which the ICAV or relevant Sub-Fund is winding down its business; or 
(k) 
for any reason where the ICAV Directors consider it is in the best interests of the 
Shareholders of the ICAV or the relevant Sub-Fund. 
No Shares will be issued, redeemed or exchanged on any Subscription Dealing Day or 
Redemption Dealing Day during such a suspension. In the case of suspension of dealings 
in Shares, any subscription requests or redemption requests will be dealt with on the next 
relevant Subscription Dealing Day or Redemption Dealing Day following the end of such 
suspension period at the Net Asset Value per Share, unless such a request has been 
withdrawn in the interim by the relevant applicant/Shareholder. 
The ICAV Directors may alternatively declare a temporary suspension of subscriptions and 
redemptions from the ICAV or any Sub-Fund during any of the circumstances listed in (a) to 
(k) above, but permit the determination of the Net Asset Value of the ICAV or any Sub-Fund 
and the Net Asset Value per Share of any Class to continue, provided that such Net Asset 
Value figures shall be indicative only and shall not be used as the basis for dealing in 
Shares. 
Any such suspension shall be notified to the Central Bank and Euronext Dublin without 
delay and shall be notified to Shareholders and applicants for Shares in such manner as 
the ICAV Directors may deem appropriate and will be notified to applicants for Shares or 
Shareholders requesting issue or redemption of Shares by the ICAV Directors promptly 
following receipt of an application for such issue or filing of the written request for such 
redemption. 
Cross Class Liability 
A Sub-Fund may have multiple classes and further classes may be created in the future. 
However, under Irish law a Sub-Fund is treated as one portfolio of assets and assets may 
not be segregated at Class level, save in exceptional circumstances in accordance with 
the requirements of the Central Bank. Thus all of the assets of a Sub-Fund may be

--- Page 106 ---
PL/PL/398925/2/UKM/106150756.12
106
available to meet all of the liabilities of a Sub-Fund regardless of the separate classes to 
which such assets or liabilities may be attributable to. 
Regulatory Environment 
There has recently been increased legal and regulatory scrutiny of the hedge fund industry 
and the activities of managers involved with it. As a result, there are currently various legal 
and regulatory initiatives in Europe, the United States and elsewhere which may adversely 
affect the ICAV (which in this section shall include, as the context allows, reference to each 
Sub-Fund). Any increased regulation may impact on how the ICAV operates or is managed, 
may increase the ICAV's exposure to potential liabilities and may impose additional 
obligations on service providers. The ICAV has to bear increased legal, compliance and 
other related costs which could reduce the net amount received by investors. It is 
impossible to predict the effect of regulatory changes, some of which could be material and 
adverse. 
In addition to the legal, tax and regulatory changes that are expected to occur during the 
lifetime of the ICAV, there may be unanticipated changes. The legal, tax and regulatory 
environment for funds, investment advisers, and the instruments that they utilise is 
continuously evolving. In addition, there is significant uncertainty regarding recently enacted 
legislation (including the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the 
"Reform Act") and the regulations that will need to be developed pursuant to such 
legislation) and, consequently, the full impact that such legislation will ultimately have on 
the ICAV and the markets in which it trades and invests is not fully known. Such uncertainty 
and any resulting confusion may itself be detrimental to the efficient functioning of the 
markets and the success of certain investment strategies. 
The AIFM Directive regulates AIFMs based in the EU and prohibits AIFMs from managing 
any alternative investment fund or marketing shares in AIF to investors in the EU unless 
authorisation is granted to the AIFM. The ICAV is in the scope of AIFM Directive as it falls 
within the definition of an AIF, pursuant to Article 4 thereof. The AIFM Directive creates 
significant additional compliance costs that may be passed onto shareholders in the ICAV. 
Certain reports and disclosures will be required to be made to EEA regulators, including 
regulators in EEA Member States where a Sub-Fund may operate. Such reports and 
disclosures may become publicly available. 
The ICAV Act commenced in Ireland on 12 March 2015. While the ICAV has taken legal, 
regulatory and tax advice as to the provisions of the new legislation it is untested as a 
matter of Irish and non-Irish laws. 
The ICAV is authorised by the Central Bank as a QIAIF pursuant to the AIF Rulebook. 
While the AIFMD Regulations implemented AIFM Directive into Irish law in July 2013, they 
remain largely untested as a matter of Irish law at the date of the ICAV Prospectus and 
there is little or no judicial precedent to be used in interpreting key provisions. In addition, 
several key provisions under AIFM Directive are being implemented on a phased basis or 
are subject to further opinions from ESMA and consideration by the EU Commission. For 
example, the EU Commission is due to consider at the end of 2015 whether the so called 
"letter-box entity" tests are to be revisited. This creates a regulatory risk that AIFMs could 
have to be restructured or increase their substance requirement to avoid being regarded as 
a "letter-box entity" within the meaning of the AIFM Directive, i.e. the AIFM is deemed to 
have delegated its functions to such an extent that it can no longer be considered to comply 
with minimum requirements of AIFM Directive. Other key AIFM Directive matters which are 
open to ESMA, the EU Commission and Member State interpretation include the 
remuneration rules and guidelines applicable to the ICAV and its delegates; and the ability

--- Page 107 ---
PL/PL/398925/2/UKM/106150756.12
107
of depositaries to contractually discharge their liability and what constitute objective 
reasons for doing so. 
The UK left the EU as of 31 January 2020 (Brexit) and the transition period ended on 31 
December 2020. Therefore, the Treaty on the European Union and the Treaty on the 
Functioning of the European Union have ceased to apply to the UK. The Agreement on the 
withdrawal of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland from the European 
Union and the European Atomic Energy Community dated 24 January 2020 provided the 
UK with a transitional period until 31 December 2020, during which the UK was bound by 
EU rules despite it not being a member state and remained in the single market area, while 
the future terms of the UK's relationship with the EU were being negotiated. On 24 
December 2020, the EU and the UK agreed on the Trade and Cooperation Agreement (the 
"Trade and Cooperation Agreement"), which sets out the principles of the relationship 
between the EU and the UK following the end of the transitional period. The European 
Commission has proposed to apply the Trade and Cooperation Agreement on a provisional 
basis for a limited time until 28 February 2021, by which time the Trade and Cooperation 
Agreement must be approved by the European Parliament. Given the recent agreement on 
the wording of the Trade and Cooperation Agreement and its provisional application, as of 
the date of this Base Prospectus, the exact terms of the Trade and Cooperation 
Agreement, its practical application and the overall relationship of the UK and the EU is not 
fully clear. Any delays with the approval of the Trade and Cooperation Agreement by the 
European Parliament, its potential problematic provisions or its potential uncertain 
interpretation could adversely and significantly affect European or worldwide economic or 
market conditions and may contribute to instability in global financial and foreign exchange 
markets. In addition, it would likely lead to legal uncertainty and divergent national laws and 
regulations. Any of these effects of Brexit, and others which cannot be anticipated, could 
have a detrimental impact on the AIFM's ability to operate the investment programmes as 
intended (due to, among other things, potential greater difficulty in accessing markets and 
making investments) as well as the AIFM's ability to attract and retain employees or to 
enter into agreements or continue to work with non-UK counterparties and service 
providers. This in turn could have an adverse effect on the relevant Sub-Fund, with such 
adverse effects including increased costs, fewer regulatory protections and lesser returns 
for the relevant Sub-Fund. 
MiFID 2 
MiFID 2 requires significant changes to a number of the AIFM's policies and procedures, 
including with respect to best execution, algorithmic trading and conflicts of interest. There 
is no guarantee that these changes will not adversely impact the Programme. Compliance 
with these requirements is likely to have a significant cost implication and it is possible that 
the ICAV and/or a Sub-Fund may bear, directly or indirectly, a certain proportion of the 
AIFM's costs of compliance with MiFID 2. 
AIFM Directive  
The AIFM Directive regulates AIFMs based in the EU and prohibits AIFMs from managing 
any alternative investment fund or marketing shares in AIF to investors in the EU unless 
authorisation is granted to the AIFM. The ICAV is in the scope of AIFM Directive as it falls 
within the definition of an AIF, pursuant to Article 4 thereof. The AIFM Directive creates 
significant additional compliance costs that may be passed onto shareholders in the ICAV. 
Certain reports and disclosures will be required to be made to EEA regulators, including 
regulators in EEA Member States where a Sub-Fund may operate. Such reports and 
disclosures may become publicly available. 
Such matters may lead to legal uncertainty, compliance becoming increasingly 
burdensome, may require restructuring and lead to increased costs.

--- Page 108 ---
PL/PL/398925/2/UKM/106150756.12
108
Reports and Financial Statements  
The year-end of each Sub-Fund is 31 December in each year. Audited financial statements 
of the Sub-Funds, prepared in accordance with IFRS together with an annual report will be 
sent to the relevant Shareholders and the Central Bank by the Company Administrator 
within ninety (90) days' after the conclusion of each year end. The financial statements can 
be obtained from the ICAV during normal business hours at the registered office of the 
ICAV. Such financial statements and reports will contain a statement of the value of the net 
assets of the relevant Sub-Fund and of the Investments as at the year end and such other 
information as is required by the ICAV Act. The financial statements of the ICAV for the 
years ended 31 December 2018 and 31 December 2019 are included in this Base 
Prospectus at Appendix 2 (Audited Financial Statements of the ICAV). 
The ICAV Directors may send such reports and accounts electronically to Shareholders in 
accordance with the requirements of the Central Bank. 
There has been no significant change in the financial position of the ICAV since the date 
of its last audited financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2019. 
Material Contracts 
The following contracts have been entered into otherwise than in the ordinary course of 
the business intended to be carried on by the ICAV and are or may be material: 
The ICAV Administration Agreement 
Under the ICAV Administration Agreement, the Company Administrator shall not be liable 
for any loss, damage or expense arising out of or in connection with the performance by 
the Company Administrator (its directors, officers, servants employees or agents) of its 
duties other than by reason of the negligence, wilful default, bad faith or fraud on the part 
of the Company Administrator (its directors, officers, servants employees or agents) in the 
performance of its duties under the ICAV Administration Agreement. 
In addition, under the ICAV Administration Agreement each of the ICAV and the Company 
Administrator shall indemnify and keep indemnified and hold harmless the other (the 
"Indemnified Party") from and against any and all reasonable actions, proceedings, 
claims, demands, liabilities, losses, damages, reasonable costs and expenses which may 
be made or brought against or suffered or incurred by the Indemnified Party (its directors, 
officers, servants, employees or agents) arising directly out of the proper performance of 
the Indemnified Party's duties to the other under the ICAV Administration Agreement 
(otherwise than by reason of the negligence, wilful default, bad faith or fraud of the 
Indemnified Party (or its directors, officers, servants, employees and agents) in the 
performance or non-performance of its duties to the other under the ICAV Administration 
Agreement). The Company Administrator shall indemnify and keep indemnified the AIFM 
against any and all actions, proceedings, claims, demands, liabilities, losses, damages, 
reasonable costs and expenses which may be made or brought against or suffered or 
incurred by the AIFM or any of its directors, officers, servants, employees and agents 
arising directly by reason of the negligence, wilful default, bad faith or fraud on the part of 
the Company Administrator (its directors, officers, servants, employees or agents) in the 
performance or non-performance of the valuation function, or calculation and publication 
of the Net Asset Value of the ICAV, the Net Asset Value of each Sub-Fund, or the net

--- Page 109 ---
PL/PL/398925/2/UKM/106150756.12
109
asset value per Share of each Class of Shares in the Sub-Fund(s) under the ICAV 
Administration Agreement. 
The ICAV Administration Agreement may be terminated at any time by any party without 
the payment of any penalty upon not less than 90 calendar days' written notice to the 
other parties or immediately upon immediately upon the occurrence of certain specified 
events (such as the insolvency of a party of by the direction of a regulatory authority). 
The AIFM Agreement 
Under the AIFM Agreement, neither the AIFM or any officer or employee of the AIFM shall 
be liable to the ICAV except where the AIFM shall be liable to the ICAV for acts or 
omissions by it or by any of its officers or employees which constitute bad faith, wilful 
misconduct or negligence. Consequently, the ICAV will bear all losses associated with 
any trade errors which may occur unless the AIFM has failed to meet the above standard 
of care required of it, as well as bearing (in all circumstances) all gains associated with all 
trade errors. 
In addition, the ICAV shall indemnify and hold harmless out of the assets of the relevant 
Sub-Fund the AIFM and its officers and employees from and against any loss that the 
AIFM becomes subject to in acting as contemplated under the AIFM Agreement or in 
connection with any transaction entered into by the AIFM under the AIFM Agreement on 
behalf of the ICAV, or in connection with investigating or defending any such loss which 
arises as a result of any bad faith, negligence, or wilful misconduct on the part of the 
AIFM or its officers or employees. 
The AIFM Agreement may be terminated at any time by any party upon not less than 60 
calendar days' written notice to the other parties or immediately upon immediately upon 
the occurrence of certain specified events (such as the insolvency of a party of by the 
direction of a regulatory authority) or a party materially breaches the AIFM Agreement and 
that breach is unremedied for 30 days. The AIFM Agreement will also automatically 
terminate if the AIFM ceases to be authorised as an alternative investment fund manager 
by the FCA or the ICAV's authorisation is revoked by the Central Bank. 
The ICAV Depositary Agreement 
Pursuant to the ICAV Depositary Agreement, the ICAV Depositary will act as ICAV 
Depositary of the ICAV and shall be responsible for the oversight of the ICAV to the 
extent required by and in accordance with the AIFMD Regulations. 
The ICAV Depositary Agreement provides for its termination by the ICAV Depositary, the 
AIFM or the ICAV by giving not less than 90 days' written notice. In addition, the ICAV 
Depositary may resign its appointment if (i) certain insolvency-related events occur with 
respect to the ICAV; or (ii) the AIFM or the ICAV commit any material breach of the ICAV 
Depositary Agreement and (if such breach shall be capable of remedy) fail within 30 days 
of receipt of notice to make good such breach. Any such termination of the ICAV 
Depositary's appointment shall not take effect until the appointment of a successor ICAV 
Depositary with the approval of the Central Bank or revocation of authorisation of the 
ICAV.

--- Page 110 ---
PL/PL/398925/2/UKM/106150756.12
110
In addition, the AIFM or the ICAV may terminate the appointment of the ICAV Depositary 
with immediate effect if any event referred to in (i) or (ii) of the preceding paragraph 
occurs with respect to the ICAV Depositary, or if the ICAV Depositary ceases to be 
authorised to act as a ICAV Depositary or to carry out its functions under the ICAV 
Depositary Agreement. 
The ICAV Depositary Agreement states that the ICAV Depositary shall be liable to the 
ICAV or to the Shareholders for the loss by the ICAV Depositary or a third party to whom 
the custody of securities has been delegated. In the event of loss of financial instruments 
that can be held in custody pursuant to article 21(8)(a) of the AIFM Directive by the ICAV 
Depositary or a third party to whom the custody of securities has been delegated, the 
ICAV Depositary shall return securities of the identical type or the corresponding amount 
to the relevant Sub-Fund without undue delay. The ICAV Depositary shall not be liable if it 
can prove that such loss has arisen as a result of an external event beyond its reasonable 
control, the consequences of which would have been unavoidable despite all reasonable 
efforts to the contrary. The ICAV Depositary shall also be liable to the ICAV or to the 
Shareholders for all other losses suffered by them as a result of the ICAV Depositary's 
fraud, or negligent or intentional failure to fulfil properly its obligations pursuant to the 
AIFMD Regulations. Subject to the foregoing, the ICAV Depositary shall not be liable for 
consequential, indirect or special damages or losses arising out of or in connection with 
the performance or non-performance by the ICAV Depositary of its duties and obligations. 
Subject to the liability of the ICAV Depositary contemplated in the preceding paragraph, 
the ICAV Depositary Agreement contains indemnities in favour of the ICAV Depositary 
and each of its directors, officers, servants, employees and agents other than in respect 
of loss suffered or incurred as a result of the negligence, wilful default, bad faith, fraud or 
intentional failure to fulfil properly the duties of the ICAV Depositary and/or its directors, 
officers, servants or employees arising out of or in connection with the performance or 
non-performance of the ICAV Depositary's duties. 
The ICAV Depositary shall have full power to delegate the whole or any part of its safe-
keeping functions to a third party, provided that: (a) the appointment is not to be done with 
the intention of avoiding the requirements of the AIFMD Regulations; (b) the ICAV 
Depositary can demonstrate an objective reason for the delegation; (c) the delegate 
complies with the general obligations and prohibitions set out in the ICAV Depositary 
Agreement; (d) the delegate acts honestly, fairly, professionally,  
independently and in the interests of the ICAV and Shareholders, and manages conflicts 
in accordance with the requirements of the AIFMD Regulations; (e) the ICAV Depositary 
exercises due skill, care and diligence in choosing a third party delegate so as to ensure 
that the third party has and maintains the structures and expertise that are adequate and 
proportionate to the nature and complexity of the assets which have been entrusted to it; 
and (f) the ICAV Depositary continues to exercise all due skill, care and diligence in the 
periodic review and ongoing monitoring of the delegate. When the ICAV Depositary 
delegates its duties under regulation 22(8)(a) of the AIFMD Regulations, any delegate 
shall be subject to effective prudential regulation, including minimum capital requirements, 
and supervision in the jurisdiction in which it is appointed and shall be subject to a 
periodic external audit to ensure that the relevant securities are in its possession. The 
ICAV Depositary shall ensure that any third party delegate segregates the assets of the 
ICAV Depositary's clients from its own assets and from the assets of the ICAV Depositary 
in such a way that they can at any time be clearly identified as belonging to clients of the 
ICAV Depositary and that any third party delegate does not make use of the assets 
without the prior consent of the ICAV or the AIFM acting on behalf of the ICAV and prior 
notification to the ICAV Depositary.

--- Page 111 ---
PL/PL/398925/2/UKM/106150756.12
111
The ICAV Depositary's liability shall not be affected by any delegation of its functions 
under the ICAV Depositary Agreement, provided that, the ICAV Depositary may, and is 
expressly permitted by the ICAV Depositary Agreement to, discharge itself of liability if it 
can prove that: (a) all requirements for the delegation of its custody tasks set out in the 
ICAV Depositary Agreement are met; and (b) a written contract between the ICAV 
Depositary and the third party expressly transfers the liability of the ICAV Depositary to 
that third party and makes it possible for the Sub-Fund or the AIFM acting on behalf of the 
Sub-Fund to make a claim against the third party or for the ICAV Depositary to make such 
a claim on their behalf; and (c) a written contract between the ICAV Depositary and the 
ICAV or the AIFM acting on behalf of the ICAV, expressly allows a discharge of the ICAV 
Depositary's liability and establishes the objective reason to contract such a discharge. 
Where the law of a third country requires that certain financial instruments are held in 
custody by a local entity and there are no local entities that satisfy the delegation 
requirements laid down in regulation 22(11)(b)(iv)(II) of the AIFMD Regulations, the ICAV 
Depositary can discharge itself of liability provided that the following conditions are met: (i) 
the Shareholders have been duly informed of that discharge and of the circumstances 
justifying the discharge prior to their investment; (ii) the ICAV or the AIFM instructed the 
ICAV Depositary to delegate the custody of such financial instruments to a local entity; (iii) 
there is a written contract between the ICAV Depositary and the ICAV, or the AIFM acting 
on behalf of the ICAV, which expressly allows such a discharge; and (iv) there is a written 
contract between the ICAV Depositary and the third party that expressly transfers the 
liability of the ICAV Depositary to that local entity and makes it possible for the ICAV or 
the AIFM acting on behalf of the ICAV to make a claim against that local entity in respect 
of the loss of securities held in custody or for the ICAV Depositary to make such a claim 
on their behalf. 
The AIFM and the ICAV acknowledge under the ICAV Depositary Agreement that 
securities held in custody by the ICAV Depositary may be held on a fungible basis, and 
that the relevant Sub-Fund will accept delivery or transfer of an equivalent amount of the 
same or the then corresponding class of investments of the same issuer in place of the 
investments originally placed and held in the custody account. 
Discharge of liability of the ICAV Depositary to the Prime Broker or Clearing Broker 
at the Sub-Fund level  
Potential investors should note that pursuant to the terms of the sub-custody agreements 
with the Prime Broker or Clearing Broker, the ICAV Depositary, in its capacity as ICAV 
Depositary of the ICAV, may discharge itself contractually of any liability for a loss of 
financial instruments to such Prime Broker or Clearing Broker provided that such 
discharge has been made pursuant to the requirements of the AIFMD Regulations. 
The ICAV Depositary will be liable to the relevant Sub-Fund and the shareholders (which 
shall include the relevant Sub-Fund) for any loss of financial instruments capable of being 
held in custody and held in custody by the ICAV Depositary or any of its delegates. 
In the event of any such loss of financial instruments held in custody, the ICAV Depositary 
will return financial instruments of identical type or the corresponding amount to the 
relevant Sub-Fund, or to the AIFM acting on behalf of the Sub-Fund, without undue delay. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the ICAV Depositary may discharge its responsibility in 
case of a loss of financial instrument:

--- Page 112 ---
PL/PL/398925/2/UKM/106150756.12
112
(a) 
in the event it can prove that the loss has arisen as a result of an external event 
beyond its reasonable control, the consequences of which would have been unavoidable 
despite all reasonable efforts to the contrary; 
(b) 
where it has contractually discharged its responsibility in compliance with 
Regulation 22(13) of the AIFMD Regulations; or 
(c) 
in compliance with the conditions set out under Regulation 22(14) of the AIFMD 
Regulations where the laws of a third country require that certain financial instruments be 
held by a local entity and there are no local entities that satisfy the 
delegation 
requirements of Regulation 22(11) of the AIFMD Regulations. 
 Shareholders will be informed of any changes with respect to the ICAV Depositary's 
liability and any increase to the ICAV Depositary's fees being charged as a result without 
delay. 
Legal and Arbitration Proceedings Statement 
The ICAV has not been involved in any governmental, litigation or arbitration proceedings 
during the previous 12 months, nor is the ICAV aware of any such proceedings being 
pending or threatened which may have, or have had in the recent past, significant effects 
on the ICAV's financial position or profitability. 
Documents Available for Inspection 
A copy of the ICAV Instrument of Incorporation may be obtained from the ICAV and 
inspected during usual business hours during a Business Day at the addresses of the 
ICAV or the Company Administrator. The ICAV Instrument of Incorporation is also 
available 
at 
the 
following 
website 
address: 
http://registers.centralbank.ie/ICAVDocuments/C180883/Instrument%20of%20Incorporati
on%20on%20Registration.PDF.   
The Issue Terms in respect of any Certificates linked to Sub-Fund Shares will specify the 
relevant Sub-Fund issuing the Sub-Fund Shares to which the relevant Certificates are to be 
linked. Where an application has been made for the Certificates to be listed on Euronext 
Dublin or other EU regulated market, the relevant Sub-Fund Shares will also be listed on 
Euronext Dublin. 
The ICAV Prospectus  
The information set out above in respect of the ICAV has been extracted from the ICAV 
Prospectus. The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and 
so far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by the 
ICAV, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information 
misleading. The Issuer accepts responsibility for information contained in this Base 
Prospectus. It should be noted however, that none of Transaction Participants has verified 
such information and, accordingly, none of them makes any representation or warranty, 
express or implied, as to its accuracy or completeness. None of the Transaction 
Participants has made any investigation of the ICAV nor has taken any steps to verify the 
validity and binding nature of any prospective Sub-Fund Share. Prospective purchasers of 
the Certificates should make their own investigation of the ICAV, any Sub-Fund in respect

--- Page 113 ---
PL/PL/398925/2/UKM/106150756.12
113
of the Sub-Fund Shares (including, without limitation, with regard to its financial conditions 
and creditworthiness) and the full terms of any Sub-Fund Shares.  
The above summary is qualified in its entirety by the information contained in the 
ICAV Prospectus and any ICAV Prospectus Supplement. 
Euronext Dublin 
Euronext Dublin was established in 1793 and price information is published daily. Euronext 
Dublin is regulated by the Central Bank of Ireland and the Regulated Market of Euronext 
Dublin is a regulated market for the purposes of the Markets in Financial Instruments 
Directive (Directive 2014/65/EU).

--- Page 114 ---
PL/PL/398925/2/UKM/106150756.12
114
JERSEY TAXATION 
The following summary of the anticipated treatment of the Issuer and Certificateholders 
(other than residents of Jersey) is based on Jersey taxation law and practice as they are 
understood to apply at the date of this Base Prospectus and is subject to changes in such 
taxation law and practice. It does not constitute legal or tax advice and does not address all 
aspects of Jersey tax law and practice (including such tax law and practice as they apply to 
any land or building situate in Jersey). Prospective investors in the Certificates should 
consult their professional advisers on the implications of acquiring, buying, selling or 
otherwise disposing of the Certificates under the laws of any jurisdiction in which they may 
be liable to taxation.  
Taxation of the Issuer  
Under Article 123C of the Income Tax (Jersey) Law 1961 and on the basis that the Issuer is 
resident for tax purposes in Jersey and not a financial services company, a utility company 
or a large corporate retailer for the purposes of the Income Tax (Jersey) Law 1961, as 
amended, the Issuer is subject to income tax in Jersey at a rate of zero per cent. Payments 
in respect of the Certificates may be paid by the Issuer without withholding or deduction for 
or on account of Jersey income tax and Certificateholders (other than residents of Jersey) 
will not be subject to any tax in Jersey in respect of the holding, sale or other disposition of 
such Certificates.  
If the Issuer derives any income from the ownership or development and disposal of land in 
Jersey, such income will be subject to tax at the rate of 20 per cent. It is not expected that 
the Issuer will derive any such income. 
Certificateholders
Dividends on Securities and redemption proceeds may be paid by the Issuer to non-Jersey 
resident Certificateholders without withholding or deduction for or on account of Jersey 
income tax. Non-Jersey resident Certificateholders will not be subject to any tax in Jersey in 
respect of the holding, sale or other disposition of such Securities. Non-Jersey resident 
Certificateholders will be exempt from Jersey income tax on receipt of any distribution from 
the Issuer. Certificateholders who are resident in Jersey for tax purposes may be liable to 
pay income tax on distributions (including redemption proceeds) received from the Issuer.  
Goods and Services Tax
Jersey imposes a Goods and Services Tax ("GST") on the taxable supply of goods and 
services in or imported into Jersey. The current GST rate is 5 per cent. On the basis that 
the Issuer has obtained International Services Entity status, the Issuer is not: 
(a) 
required to register as a taxable person pursuant to the Goods and Services Tax 
(Jersey) Law 2007; 
(b) 
required to charge GST in Jersey in respect of any supply made by it; or 
(c) 
(subject to limited exceptions that are not expected to apply to the Issuer) required 
to pay GST in Jersey in respect of any supply made to it. 
The directors of the Issuer intend to continue to conduct the business of the Issuer such 
that no GST will be incurred or be payable by the Issuer. 
Stamp duty 
In Jersey, no stamp duty is levied on the issue, acquisition, ownership, exchange, sale, 
transfer or other disposition of the Certificates between living persons except that stamp

--- Page 115 ---
PL/PL/398925/2/UKM/106150756.12
115
duty is payable on Jersey grants of probate and letters of administration, which will 
generally be required to transfer the Certificates on the death of a Certificateholder of such 
Certificates. In the case of a grant of probate or letters of administration, stamp duty is 
levied according to the size of the estate (wherever situate in respect of a Certificateholder 
domiciled in Jersey, or situate in Jersey in respect of a Certificateholder domiciled outside 
Jersey). Such duties are payable in respect of the net value of the estate (as at the date of 
death) rounded up to the nearest £10,000 at a rate of 0.5 per cent. of the first £100,000 and 
0.75 per cent. thereafter up to a maximum net value of £13,360,000. The rules for joint 
holders and holdings through a nominee are different and advice relating to this form of 
holding should be obtained from a professional advisor. 
Purchasers of Certificates may be required to pay stamp taxes and other charges in 
accordance with the laws and practices of the country of purchase or other relevant 
jurisdiction. 
Jersey does not otherwise levy taxes upon capital, inheritances, capital gains or gifts nor 
are there other estate duties.  
European Union Directive on the Taxation of Savings Income 
Following the repeal on 1 January 2016 of the EU Savings Tax Directive, and in line with 
steps taken by other relevant third countries, Jersey has suspended its system of automatic 
communication to EU Member States of information regarding payments made by certain 
Jersey collective investment vehicles to EU resident individuals. The introduction of the 
Common Reporting Standard (see below) supersedes the information exchange 
arrangements previously in place. 
Common Reporting Standard 
The OECD has developed a new global standard for the automatic exchange of financial 
information between tax authorities (the "Common Reporting Standard" or "CRS"). The 
CRS has been implemented in the EU by way of the Revised Directive on Administrative 
Co-Operation (Council Directive 2014/107/EU). Jersey is a signatory to the CRS and 
commenced exchange of information with tax authorities of other signatory jurisdictions in 
September 2017. 
Jersey legislation which implements the CRS in Jersey came into effect on 1 January 2016 
(the "Jersey CRS Legislation"). 
In summary, the Jersey CRS Legislation requires "reporting financial institutions" in Jersey 
to identify, review and report on "financial accounts" maintained by them and which are 
held by residents for tax purposes (whether individuals or entities) of jurisdictions with 
which Jersey has agreed to exchange information. The reporting deadline for Jersey 
reporting financial institutions to report to the States of Jersey Comptroller of Taxes is 30 
June in the year following the calendar year to which the return relates. 
Reports will be made to the States of Jersey Comptroller of Taxes and then passed to the 
competent authority of the jurisdiction in which the account holder is resident. Although the 
Issuer will attempt to satisfy any obligations imposed on it by the CRS, no assurance can 
be given that it will be able to satisfy such obligations. Implementation of the CRS may 
require the Issuer to conduct additional due diligence and report upon accounts held with it 
by Certificateholders who are reportable persons in other participating jurisdictions. The 
Issuer may require certain additional financial information from Certificateholders to comply 
with its due diligence and reporting obligations under the CRS. 
Failure by the Issuer to comply with the obligations under the CRS may result in penalties 
being imposed on the Issuer and in such event, the target returns of the Issuer may be 
materially affected. All prospective Certificateholders must agree to provide the Issuer at

--- Page 116 ---
PL/PL/398925/2/UKM/106150756.12
116
the time or times prescribed by applicable law and at such times reasonably requested by 
the Issuer such information and documentation (whether relating to themselves, their 
investors and/or beneficial owners) prescribed by applicable law and such additional 
documentation reasonably requested by the Issuer as may be necessary for the Issuer to 
comply with its obligations under CRS. 
Prospective Certificateholders should, as with FATCA, consult their tax advisors with regard 
to the potential CRS tax reporting and certification requirements associated with an 
investment in the Issuer. It is further recommended that Certificateholders who are entities 
consider themselves whether they have any obligations to notify their respective investors, 
Certificateholders or account holders about the information that the Issuer requests, and 
the potential disclosures that the Issuer will be obliged to make in connection with those 
persons in complying with its obligations under CRS. 
In order to avoid the Issuer being subject to withholding taxes or penalties, all 
investors must agree to provide the Issuer at times reasonably requested by the 
Issuer with such information and documentation (whether relating to themselves, 
their investors and/or beneficial owners) reasonably requested by the Issuer. 
If you are in any doubt as to your tax position you should consult your professional 
tax adviser. 
Taxation in the United States — Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
Pursuant to the foreign account tax compliance provisions of the Hiring Incentives to 
Restore Employment Act of 2010 ("FATCA"), the Issuer and other non-U.S. financial 
institutions through which payments on the Certificates are made ("paying agents") may 
be required to withhold U.S. tax at a rate of 30 per cent. on all or a portion of payments 
made two years or more after the date of publication of final U.S. Treasury Regulations 
defining the term "foreign passthru payment" with respect to Certificates (i) that are treated 
as debt for U.S. federal income tax purposes, provided that any such Certificates issued 
on or before the date that is six months after the date on which such final regulations are 
published generally will be grandfathered for purposes of FATCA withholding unless they 
are materially modified after such date; and (ii) that are treated as equity for U.S. federal 
income tax purposes, whenever issued. Under existing guidance, this withholding tax may 
be triggered on payments on the Certificates if (i) the Issuer or paying agent is a foreign 
financial institution ("FFI") (as defined in FATCA) which enters into and complies with an 
agreement with the U.S. Internal Revenue Service ("IRS") to provide certain information 
on its account holders (making the Issuer a "Participating FFI"), (ii) the Issuer or paying 
agent is required to withhold on "foreign passthru payments", and (iii) either (a) an investor 
does not provide information sufficient for the relevant Participating FFI to determine 
whether that investor is subject to withholding under FATCA, or (b) any FFI to or through 
which payment on such Certificates is made is not a Participating FFI or otherwise exempt 
from FATCA withholding. 
The application of FATCA to interest, principal or other amounts paid with respect to the 
Certificates is not entirely clear. In particular, each of the United Kingdom and Jersey has 
entered into a "Model 1" intergovernmental agreement (each an "IGA") with the United 
States, to help implement FATCA for certain entities in the United Kingdom and Jersey 
respectively.  An FFI in an IGA jurisdiction (such as the Issuer) that is compliant will not 
generally be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA (or any law implementing an 
IGA) from payments it makes.   The Issuer will still be required to report certain information 
on its U.S. account holders (if any) to the government of Jersey, and any UK paying 
agents may still be required to report certain information on their U.S. account holders (if 
any) to the government of the United Kingdom, in order (i) to obtain an exemption from 
FATCA withholding on payments it receives and/or (ii) to comply with any applicable law of

--- Page 117 ---
PL/PL/398925/2/UKM/106150756.12
117
Jersey and the United Kingdom respectively.  It is also not yet certain how the United 
States and the United Kingdom and the United States and Jersey will address withholding 
on "foreign passthru payments" (which may include payments on the Certificates) after 
such term is defined. 
If an amount in respect of U.S. withholding tax were to be deducted or withheld from 
interest, principal or other payments on the Certificates as a result of FATCA, none of the 
Issuer, any paying agent or any other person would, pursuant to the terms and conditions 
of the Certificates, be required to pay additional amounts as a result of the deduction or 
withholding. As a result, if FATCA withholding were to apply to payments on the 
Certificates, investors may receive less interest or principal than they would otherwise 
receive. 
The application of FATCA to Certificates issued or materially modified after the date that is 
six months after the date on which final regulations defining the term "foreign passthru 
payments" are filed in the Federal Register (or whenever issued, in the case of Certificates 
treated as equity for U.S. federal tax purposes) may be addressed in a supplement to this 
Base Prospectus, as applicable. 
FATCA IS PARTICULARLY COMPLEX AND ITS APPLICATION TO THE ISSUER, THE 
CERTIFICATES AND THE HOLDERS OF CERTIFICATES IS UNCERTAIN AT THIS 
TIME. EACH HOLDER OF CERTIFICATES SHOULD CONSULT ITS OWN TAX 
ADVISER TO OBTAIN A MORE DETAILED EXPLANATION OF FATCA AND ADVICE 
ON HOW FATCA MIGHT AFFECT IT IN ITS PARTICULAR CIRCUMSTANCES. 
Different and potentially obligatory disclosure requirements may be imposed on holders of 
Certificates as a result of any of the tax information exchange provisions referred to 
above. 
Taxation in the United States – Backup Withholding and Information Reporting 
If Definitive Certificates are issued, information returns will generally be filed with the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Service. Unless a Certificateholder provides proof: (i) of an applicable 
exemption or a correct U.S. taxpayer identification  number, or (ii) that it is not a U.S. 
person, the Certificateholder may be subject to U.S. backup withholding on payments 
made on Certificates or on the proceeds of the sale or other disposition of Certificates. 
The amounts withheld under the backup withholding rules are not an additional U.S. tax 
and may be refunded or credited against the Certificateholder's U.S. federal income tax 
liability provided that the required information is furnished timely to the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Service. Certificateholders should consult their tax advisers regarding the 
application of U.S. information reporting and backup withholding in their particular 
situations, the availability of an exemption therefrom, and the procedure for obtaining any 
available exemption. If any backup withholding were imposed on such payments, neither 
the Issuer nor any other person would be required to pay any withholding or deduction as 
a result of the deduction or withholding of such tax under the Terms and Conditions of the 
Certificates.

--- Page 118 ---
PL/PL/398925/2/UKM/106150756.12
118
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS  
The Dealer Agreement  
Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc (the "Dealer"), entered into to a dealer agreement 
dated 4 December 2013 as amended 22 June 2018 and as may be further amended, 
restated and/or supplemented from time to time in respect of the Certificates to be issued 
under the Programme (the "Dealer Agreement") and pursuant to the Dealer Agreement 
will agree to subscribe or procure subscribers for the Certificates of each Series at the 
issue price specified in the applicable Issue Terms for such Series. Pursuant to the Dealer 
Agreement, the Issuer will agree to indemnify the Dealer against certain liabilities, incurred 
in connection with the issue of the Certificates. The Dealer Agreement may be terminated 
at any time by the Dealer and in certain circumstances prior to payment to the Issuer. 
Pursuant to the Expenses Agreement, the Dealer will agree to pay for certain of the 
operating expenses of the Issuer, incurred in connection with the issue of the Certificates.  
Upon the terms and subject to the conditions contained in the Dealer Agreement, the 
Dealer:  
(a) 
on an Issue Date, will agree to subscribe and pay for the maximum number of the 
Certificates available in such Series at their issue price, provided the Subscription 
Conditions Precedent are satisfied;  
(b) 
will agree to, on each Company Investment Subscription Date on which new or 
existing Certificate holders have agreed to purchase further Custodian Certificates 
from the Dealer, the same such number of Custodian Certificates from the 
Certificate Custodian at a price per Custodian Certificate equal to the Certificate 
Price on the relevant Company Investment Subscription Date.  
Under the terms of the Dealer Agreement, the Issuer will repurchase from the Dealer an 
amount of Certificates set out in the Issue Terms at a price per Certificate equal to their 
issue price.  
The purchase of Custodian Certificates by the Dealer is conditional upon there not having 
been any adverse change, development or event reasonably likely to involve a prospective 
adverse change in the condition (financial or otherwise) of the Issuer which is material in 
the context of the transaction and on the Subscription Conditions Precedent being satisfied 
on the relevant date. The representations and warranties that will be given by the Issuer on 
the Issue Date for a Series and on each date on which Custodian Certificates are 
purchased by the Dealer from the Issuer are as follows:  
(i) 
this Base Prospectus and the Issue Terms for the relevant Series (apart 
from the issue price of the Certificates of such Series, the repurchase 
price of the Custodian Certificates, the purchase price of Shares being 
purchased on the Issue Date and on each Company Investment 
Subscription Date on which Custodian Certificates are sold to the 
Dealer) contains all the information with respect to the Issuer and to the 
relevant Certificates which is material in the context of the issue and 
purchase of the relevant Certificates;  
(ii) 
the statements contained in this Base Prospectus and the Issue Terms 
for the relevant Series (apart from the issue price of the Certificates of 
such Series, the repurchase Custodian Certificates and the purchase 
price of the Company being purchased on the Issue Date and on each 
Company Investment Subscription Date on which Custodian Certificates 
are sold to the Dealer) relating to the Issuer are in every material way 
true and accurate and not misleading;

--- Page 119 ---
PL/PL/398925/2/UKM/106150756.12
119
(iii) 
there are no other facts (apart from the issue price of the Certificates of 
such Series, the repurchase price of the Custodian Certificates, the 
purchase price of the Shares being purchased on the Issue Date and on 
each Company Investment Subscription Date on which Custodian 
Certificates are sold to the Dealer in relation to the Issuer the omission 
of which would, in the context of the issue and sale of the relevant 
series of Certificates, make any statement in this Base Prospectus and 
the relevant Issue Terms misleading in any respect;  
(iv) 
the Issuer is duly incorporated under the laws of Jersey, Channel 
Islands, and has full power and legal authority to conduct its business in 
Jersey, Channel Islands;  
(v) 
the creation and offering of the relevant Certificates under the terms and 
conditions of the Dealer Agreement do not contravene the 
Memorandum and Articles of Association or any other constitutional 
documents of the Issuer;  
(vi) 
all consents, approvals, authorisations, orders and clearances of all 
regulatory authorities required by the Issuer under the laws of Jersey, 
Channel Islands have been obtained and are in full force and effect and 
the Issuer has complied with all legal and other requirements necessary 
to ensure that the relevant Series of Certificates will represent valid and 
legally binding obligations of the Issuer and the Relevant Agreements 
constitute valid and legally binding obligations of the Issuer;  
(vii) 
there has been no material adverse change in the financial or the 
trading position of the Issuer nor has there been any material adverse 
change in the prospects of the Issuer, since its incorporation;  
(viii) 
no Potential Event of Default, Event of Default, Potential Early 
Termination Event or Early Termination Event has occurred; and  
(ix) 
no action has been or will be taken in any jurisdiction by the Issuer that 
would permit a public offering of the Certificates of a Series, or 
possession or distribution of this Base Prospectus and the relevant 
Issue Terms or any other offering or publicity material relating to the 
Certificates of a Series, in any country or jurisdiction where action for 
that purpose is required, save that the consent of the Jersey Registrar 
has been obtained to the circulation of the Base Prospectus as required 
by the Companies (General Provisions) (Jersey) Order 2002, as 
amended  
(together, the "Subscription Conditions Precedent"), where:  
"Potential Early Termination Event" means any event which may become, with the 
passage of time, the giving of notice, the making of any determination or any combination 
thereof, an Early Termination Event; and  
"Potential Event of Default" means any event which may become, with the passage of 
time, the giving of notice, the making of any determination or any combination thereof, an 
Event of Default.  
No action has been taken by the Issuer or the Dealer which would or is intended to permit a 
public offer of Certificates of a Series in any country or jurisdiction where action for that 
purpose is required save that the consent of the Jersey Registrar has been obtained to the 
circulation of the Base Prospectus as required by the Companies (General Provisions) 
(Jersey) Order 2002, as amended. Accordingly, the Dealer has undertaken that it will not,

--- Page 120 ---
PL/PL/398925/2/UKM/106150756.12
120
directly or indirectly, offer or sell any Certificates of a Series or distribute or publish any 
base prospectus, prospectus, form of application, advertisement or other document or 
information in any country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required and 
neither this Base Prospectus nor any other circular, prospectus, form of application, 
advertisement or other material may be distributed in or from or published in any country or 
jurisdiction except under circumstances which will, to the best of its knowledge and belief, 
result in compliance with applicable laws and regulations and all offers and sales of 
Certificates by it will be made on the same terms.  
Selling restrictions  
United States  
The Certificates have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or with 
any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States, and 
may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, 
U.S. persons (as such terms are used in Regulation S) except in accordance with 
Regulation S or pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of the 
Securities Act. The Issuer has not registered and will not register under the Investment 
Company Act. Terms used in this paragraph and not otherwise defined herein have the 
meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
The Dealer has agreed that it will not offer, sell or deliver Certificates as part of their 
distribution or otherwise within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of U.S. 
persons (as such term is used in Regulation S). The Dealer has agreed that, except as 
permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it will not offer or sell Certificates (i) as part of their 
distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution 
of all Certificates in a Series of which such Certificates are a part (the "Distribution 
Compliance Period"), as determined and certified to the Paying Agent by such Dealer, 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (except in 
accordance with Regulation S or another exemption from the registration requirements of 
the Securities Act), and it will have sent to each affiliate, distributor, dealer or other person 
to which it sells Certificates during the Distribution Compliance Period a confirmation or 
other notice setting out the restrictions on offers and sales of the Certificates within the 
United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in the 
preceding sentence have the meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
The Certificates are being offered and sold outside the United States to non-U.S. persons 
in reliance on Regulation S. 
This Base Prospectus and any Issue Terms have been prepared by the Issuer for use in 
connection with the offer and sale of the Certificates outside the United States to non-U.S. 
persons. This Base Prospectus and any Issue Terms do not constitute an offer to any 
person in the United States or to any U.S. person. Distribution of this Base Prospectus 
and/or any Issue Terms by any non-U.S. person outside the United States to any U.S. 
person or to any person within the United States, is unauthorised and any disclosure of any 
of their contents, without the prior written consent of the Issuer, is prohibited. 
United Kingdom  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that:  
1. in relation to any Certificates which have a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a 
person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business and 
(ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Certificates other than to 
persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or

--- Page 121 ---
PL/PL/398925/2/UKM/106150756.12
121
disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose 
of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses where 
the issue of the Certificates would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 
19 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 ("FSMA") by the Issuer;  
2. it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only 
communicate or cause to be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage 
in investment activity (within the meaning of Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it 
in connection with the issue or sale of any Certificates in circumstances in which 
Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
3. it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with 
respect to anything done by it in relation to any Certificates in, from or otherwise 
involving the United Kingdom.  
 Jersey  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree that it has not prior to the consent of the 
Jersey Registrar pursuant to the Companies (General Provisions) (Jersey) Order 2002, as 
amended being obtained and becoming effective, circulated an invitation to acquire or apply 
for any Certificates in circumstances where such invitation constitutes or may constitute a 
prospectus for the purposes of the Companies (Jersey) Law 1991, as amended or the 
Companies (General Provisions) (Jersey) Order 2002, as amended.  
Ireland 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that: 
(i) 
it will not underwrite the issue of, or place, the Certificates otherwise than in 
conformity with the provisions of S.I. No. 375 of 2017 of the European Union 
(Markets in Financial Instruments) Regulations 2017 (as amended, the 
"MiFID Regulations"), including any codes of conduct or rules made under 
the MiFID Regulations, and any conditions or requirements, other 
enactments, imposed or approved by the Central Bank of Ireland, and the 
provisions of the Investor Compensation Act 1998 (as amended); 
(ii) 
it will not underwrite the issue of, or place, the Certificates otherwise than in 
conformity with the provisions of the Companies Act, the Central Bank Acts 
1942-2015 (as amended) and any codes of practice made under Section 
117(1) of the Central Bank Act 1989 (as amended) and any regulations 
issued under Part 8 of the Central Bank (Supervision and Enforcement) Act 
2013 (as amended); 
(iii) 
it will not underwrite the issue of, or place, or do anything in Ireland in 
respect of, the Certificates otherwise than in conformity with the provisions 
of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 14 June 2017 and the European Union (Prospectus) Regulations 
2019) of Ireland (as amended), the Central Bank (Investment Market 
Conduct) Rules 2019 and any rules issued by the Central Bank of Ireland 
(the "Central Bank") under Section 1363 of the Companies Act; and 
(iv) 
it will not underwrite the issue of, place or otherwise act in Ireland in respect 
of, the Certificates otherwise than in conformity with the provisions of the 
European Union (Market Abuse) Regulations 2016, the Market Abuse

--- Page 122 ---
PL/PL/398925/2/UKM/106150756.12
122
Regulation (EU 596/2014)) and any rules issued by the Central Bank under 
Section 1370 of the Companies Act 2014. 
Germany  
The Certificates may only be offered or sold or publicly promoted or advertised in the 
Federal Republic of Germany in compliance with the Prospectus Regulation and the 
German Securities Prospectus Act (Wertpapierprospektgesetz) of June 22, 2005, as 
amended from time to time, or any other laws and regulations applicable in the Federal 
Republic of Germany in relation to the issuance, offer and sale of securities. 
The Dealer has represented and agreed that the Certificates have not been and will not be 
offered or sold or publicly promoted or advertised by it in the Federal Republic of Germany 
other than in compliance with the Prospectus Regulation and the German Securities 
Prospectus Act or any other laws and regulations applicable in the Federal Republic of 
Germany in relation to the issuance, offer and sale of securities. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any accompanying Supplement nor any other offer 
document in relation to the Certificates have been approved by the German Federal 
Financial Services Supervisory Authority (Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht 
("BaFin")) nor have they been notified to BaFin by any competent authority in accordance 
with Article 25 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
The Dealer has represented and agreed that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made 
available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Certificates which are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final 
Terms or as completed, amended, supplemented or varied by the Alternative Drawdown 
Document, as applicable, in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic 
Area. For the purposes of this provision:  
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the 
following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU 
(as amended, "MiFID II"); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (as amended, the 
"Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii)  
not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as 
amended, the "Prospectus Regulation"); and 
(c) 
the expression "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means 
of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Certificates to be offered 
so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Certificates.  
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors
The Dealer has represented and agreed that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made 
available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Certificates which are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final 
Terms or as completed, amended, supplemented or varied by the Alternative Drawdown

--- Page 123 ---
PL/PL/398925/2/UKM/106150756.12
123
Document, as applicable, in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor"  means a person who is one (or more) of the 
following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 
2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules 
or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in 
point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; and 
(b) 
the expression "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means 
of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Certificates to be offered 
so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Certificates.  
General  
These selling restrictions may be modified by the agreement of the Issuer and the Dealer 
following a change in a relevant law, regulation or directive or in respect of any Series.

--- Page 124 ---
PL/PL/398925/2/UKM/106150756.12
124
GENERAL INFORMATION 
1. 
The creation of the Programme and the issue of Certificates thereunder was 
authorised by a resolution passed by the Board of Directors of the Issuer on 
4 December 2013. The Programme was updated and amended by a resolution 
passed by the Board of Directors of the Issuer on 26 February 2021. 
2. 
This Base Prospectus was authorised by a resolution passed by the Board of 
Directors of the Issuer on 26 February 2021.  
3. 
All other authorisations, consents and approvals required to be obtained by the 
Issuer for, or in connection with, the creation of the Programme and issue of the 
Series of Certificates, the execution, delivery and performance by the Issuer of the 
obligations expressed to be undertaken by it under the Relevant Agreements to 
which it is a party and the distribution of this Base Prospectus have been (or will, 
prior to the Issue Date, be) obtained and are in full force and effect.  
4. 
There has been no significant change in the financial or trading position of the 
Issuer and no material adverse change in the financial position or prospects of the 
Issuer since its latest audited financial statements for the year ended 31 December 
2019.  
5. 
The Issuer is not involved in any governmental, litigation or arbitration proceedings 
during the previous 12 months, nor is the Issuer aware of any such proceedings 
being pending or threatened which may have, or have had in the recent past, 
significant effects on the Issuer's financial position or profitability. 
6. 
For so long as Certificates may be issued pursuant to this Base Prospectus, 
electronic copies of the following documents will be available for inspection on 
Morgan Stanley's website (www.morganstanley.com): 
(i) 
the Issuer's constitutive documents; 
(ii) 
the Trust Deed; and 
(iii) 
the annual accounts of the Issuer in respect of the financial years ended 
31 December 2018 and 31 December 2019. 
7. 
As long as any Certificates are listed on Euronext Dublin and traded on the 
Regulated Market, any financial statements of the Issuer which are published will 
be made available as soon as they are published. The Issuer does not prepare 
interim accounts. 
8. 
The Issuer does not intend to provide post-issuance information.  
9. 
The Issuer intends that some Series of Certificates will be accepted for clearance 
through the Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg systems. The Common Code 
and the International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) (if any) for each Series 
of Certificates will be set out in the relevant Issue Terms. 
10. 
For the purposes of any Series issued under the Programme to be consolidated to 
form a single Series with Certificates (as specified in the relevant Issue Terms) 
issued under a base prospectus with an earlier date, the following documents (as 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms) are incorporated by reference in and form 
part of this Base Prospectus (as applicable): 
(a) the Terms and Conditions of the Certificates found on pages 37 to 56 of the 
base 
prospectus 
dated 
4 
December 
2013 
(available 
at:

--- Page 125 ---
PL/PL/398925/2/UKM/106150756.12
125
https://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Base%20Prospectus_4a09a998-fefa-
41cf-948d-d28955efa865.PDF?v=5112014); and 
(b) the Terms and Conditions of the Certificates found on pages 42 to 64 of the 
base 
prospectus 
dated 
22 
June 
2018 
(available 
at: 
https://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Base%20Prospectus_0fc82938-1cd9-
48ac-849d-240d18bfa7f0.PDF). 
11. 
This Base Prospectus and the Issue Terms for Certificates that are listed on the 
Official List and admitted to trading on the Regulated Market will be published on 
the website of Euronext Dublin (www.ise.ie).

--- Page 126 ---
PL/PL/398925/2/UKM/106150756.12
126
FORM OF APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS  
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each issue of Series of 
Certificates.  
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Certificates are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). 
For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail 
client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID 
II"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (as amended, the 
"Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the "Prospectus 
Regulation"). Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Certificates or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Certificates or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPS Regulation. 
MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – 
Solely for the purposes of the manufacturer's product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Certificates has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market 
for the Certificates is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined 
in MiFID II; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Certificates to eligible counterparties 
and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Certificates (a "distributor") should take into consideration the 
manufacturer's target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Certificates 
(by either adopting or refining the manufacturer's target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS - The Certificates are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under 
the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA . Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs 
Regulation") for offering or selling the Certificates or otherwise making them available to 
retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the 
Certificates or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be 
unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market
Solely for the purposes of the manufacturer's product approval process, the target market

--- Page 127 ---
PL/PL/398925/2/UKM/106150756.12
127
assessment in respect of the Certificates has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market 
for the Certificates is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct 
of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) 
No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Certificates to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, 
selling or recommending the Certificates (a "distributor") should take into consideration 
the manufacturer's target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA 
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Certificates (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer's 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
Final Terms dated [●] 
Mosel Capital Limited 
Issue of [AGGREGATE NOMINAL AMOUNT OF SERIES] [TITLE OF CERTIFICATES] 
under the 
Aspect Certificate Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the 
Conditions set forth in the Base Prospectus dated [●] 2021 [and the supplemental Base 
Prospectus dated [●]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the "Prospectus Regulation"). [This document 
constitutes the Final Terms of the Certificates described herein for the purposes of the 
Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with such Base Prospectus [as so 
supplemented]]1. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Certificates is only 
available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus [as 
so supplemented]. The Base Prospectus [and the supplemental Base Prospectus] [is] [are] 
available for viewing at www.ise.ie [[and] during normal business hours at [●]] [and copies 
may be obtained from [●]]. 
The following alternative language applies if the relevant Certificates are to be consolidated 
to form a single Series with Certificates issued under a Base Prospectus with an earlier 
date. 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the 
Conditions (the "Conditions") contained in the Principal Trust Deed dated 4 December 
2013 as amended from time to time and set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 
[                    ] 2021 [and the supplement to the Base Prospectus dated [●]]. This 
document constitutes the Final Terms of the Certificates described herein for the purposes 
of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation") and must be read in 
conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated [                    ] 2021 [and the supplement to 
the Base Prospectus dated [●]], which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the 
1 Include for certificates listed on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin or other EU regulated market only.

--- Page 128 ---
PL/PL/398925/2/UKM/106150756.12
128
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation, save in respect of the Conditions which are 
extracted from the Base Prospectus dated [4 December 2013] [22 June 2018] [and the 
supplement to the Base Prospectus dated [●]]. Full information on the Issuer and the offer 
of the Certificates is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms 
and the Base Prospectuses dated [4 December 2013] [22 June 2018] and [[
 ] 
2021] [and the supplements to the Base Prospectus dated [●] and [●]]. [The Base 
Prospectus [and the supplement to the Base Prospectus] [is] [are] available for viewing at 
[address] [and] [website] and copies may be obtained from [address].] 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the 
numbering should remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for 
individual paragraphs or sub-paragraphs. Italics denote guidance for completing the Final 
Terms.]  
[When completing final terms consideration should be given as to whether such terms 
constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to 
the Base Prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation.]  
The Certificates issued by the Issuer will be subject to the Conditions and also to the 
following terms (such terms, the "Final Terms") in relation to the Certificates.  
[Italics and footnotes herein denote guidance for completing the Final Terms and should be 
deleted prior to completing these Final Terms.]  
(Note: Headings are for ease of reference only.)  
1 
 
Series Number: 
[●] [The Certificates are to be consolidated 
and form a single series with [●]] 
2 
 
Issue Date:  
[●] 
3 
 
Trade Date: 
[●] 
4 
 
Maturity Date: 
[Specify either:  
[Fixed Maturity Date: [specify date]] 
Or  
[Scheduled Maturity Date: [specify date]] 
5 
 
[Specified Currency: 
[US$]/[specify]] 
6 
 
Aggregate 
nominal 
amount 
of 
Certificates to be issued as at the 
Issue Date: 
[●]

--- Page 129 ---
PL/PL/398925/2/UKM/106150756.12
129
7 
 
Issue 
Price 
(face 
value) 
per 
Certificate: 
US$[●] 
8 
 
Maximum number of Certificates  
in the Series on the Issue Date: 
[●]
9 
 
Purchase Price (amount payable  
at Issue Date) per Certificate: 
[●] 
10  
Dealer purchase price (at Issue 
Date): 
[Item 7 x item 8] 
11  
Number 
of 
Certificates 
to 
be 
repurchased by the Issuer (at Issue 
Date): 
[●] 
12  
Issuer repurchase price (purchase 
price of the Custodian Certificates) 
(at Issue Date): 
[Item 10 x item 8] 
13  
Trading method: 
Unit 
14  
Date Board approval for issuance of 
Certificates obtained: 
[●] 
15  
Status of the Certificates: 
Unsecured Series 
16  
Series Assets: 
Shares 
Underlying Assets – Shares 
The Shares shall comprise, on any date, a 
number of [description of Shares] in the [the 
Company / Sub-Fund] equal to the number of 
Certificates in issue on such date and not 
otherwise repurchased by the Issuer and 
held by the Certificate Custodian.  
Company: 
[Company 
I]/[Sub-
Fund: [●] 
Asset: 
[Shares 
in 
the 
Company] / [specify 
other 
interests, 
membership interests 
or securities in the

--- Page 130 ---
PL/PL/398925/2/UKM/106150756.12
130
Company] 
Address: 
[●] 
Country 
of 
Incorporation: 
[●] 
Significant Business 
Activities 
of 
the 
Company: 
[●] 
Expiry/Maturity Date 
(if applicable): 
[●] 
Admitted to trading 
on 
the 
following 
markets: 
[Regulated 
market, 
equivalent 
third 
country 
market 
or 
SME growth market 
– for any issuances 
under the Prospectus 
Regulation] 
For issuances under the Prospectus 
Regulation the following disclosure is 
required: 
Description 
of 
the 
market on which the 
Shares are traded: 
[EU 
regulated 
market, 
equivalent 
third country market 
or 
SME 
growth 
market]  
Date 
of 
establishment of the 
market: 
[●] 
How 
price 
information 
is 
published: 
[●] 
Indication 
of 
Daily 
Trading Volumes: 
[●] 
Information as to the 
standing 
of 
the 
market 
in 
the 
[●]

--- Page 131 ---
PL/PL/398925/2/UKM/106150756.12
131
country: 
Frequency 
with 
which 
prices 
are 
published: 
[●] 
The name of the 
markets 
regulatory 
authority: 
[●] 
[Documentation: 
[Insert electronic link 
to 
where 
the 
documentation 
in 
relation to the Shares 
can be found on the 
regulated 
or 
equivalent 
third 
country 
market 
or 
SME Growth Market]]
17  
Net asset value of the Shares:  
[●]  
AGENTS AND TRANSACTION FEES
18  
Agents: 
(i) 
Calculation Agent:  
 
[Specify name and address]  
(ii) 
Paying Agent:  
[Specify name and address]  
(iii) 
[Additional Paying Agent(s):]  
[Specify name and address]  
(iv) 
Registrar:  
[Specify name and address]  
(v) 
Transfer Agent(s):  
[Specify name and address]  
(vi) 
Certificate Custodian: 
Morgan Stanley & Co International plc 
25 Cabot Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 4QA 
19  
[Transaction Fees] 
[specify]

--- Page 132 ---
PL/PL/398925/2/UKM/106150756.12
132
DISTRIBUTION
20  
Certificates 
cleared 
through 
a 
clearing system: 
[Not Applicable]/[Specify clearing systems] 
21  
U.S. 
federal 
income 
tax 
consequences: 
The Certificates are not Specified Certificates 
for the purposes of Section 871(m).
SWAPS 
22  
Exposure to Shares referenced in 
item 15 obtained by use of a swap: 
Not Applicable.  
OTHER TERMS
23  
Implementation 
of 
Financial 
Transaction Tax 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
24  
Principal Financial Centre 
[●]  
[PURPOSE OF FINAL TERMS 
These Final Terms comprise the final terms required for issue and admission to trading on 
Euronext Dublin of the Certificates described herein pursuant to the Mosel Capital Limited 
Aspect Certificate Programme of [                    ] 2021. 
RESPONSIBILITY  
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms. [[Insert 
relevant third party information] has been extracted from [specify source]. The Issuer 
confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is 
aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by [specify source], no facts 
have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or 
misleading.]  
Signed on behalf of MOSEL CAPITAL LIMITED:  
By: ……………………………………..  
Duly authorised 
By: ……………………………………..  
Duly authorised

--- Page 133 ---
PL/PL/398925/2/UKM/106150756.12
133
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION
LISTING 
(i) 
Listing: 
[Euronext Dublin] [None] 
(ii) 
Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or 
on its behalf) for the Certificates to be 
admitted to trading on Euronext Dublin on its 
regulated market with effect from [●].] 
[Application is expected to be made by the 
Issuer (or on its behalf) to Euronext Dublin 
for the Certificates to be admitted to trading 
on its regulated market with effect from [●].]  
[Not applicable.] 
(iii) 
Estimate of total expenses [●] related 
to admission to trading:  
[●] 
[INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE/OFFER]  
Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to 
the issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be 
satisfied by the inclusion of the following statement:  
["Save as discussed in ["Subscription and Sale and Selling Restrictions"], so far as the 
Issuer is aware, no person involved in the offer of the Certificates has an interest material to 
the offer."]  
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such 
matters described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for 
a supplement to the Base Prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation.)]  
[ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS]  
[Estimated net proceeds: [●]]  
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION  
Delivery:  
Delivery [against][free of] payment  
ISIN Code: 
[●]

--- Page 134 ---
APPENDIX 1: AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF THE ISSUER 
PL/PU398925/2/UKM/106150756.12 
135 
PL/PL/398925/2/UKM/106150756.12
135
APPENDIX 1:  AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF THE ISSUER

--- Page 135 ---
Mosel Capital Limited 
Report and Audited Financial Statements 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
Mosel Capital Limited
Report and Audited Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2019

--- Page 136 ---
Mosel Capital Limited 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
CONTENTS PAGE 
Directors' report 
2-3 
Statement of Directors' responsibilities 
3 
Independent auditor's report 
4-7 
Statement of financial position 
8 
Statement of comprehensive income 
9 
Statement of changes in equity 
10 
Statement of cash flows 
11 
Notes to the Financial Statements 
12-21 
1 
Mosel Capital Limited
For the year ended 31 December 2019
Directors' report
2-3
Statement of Directors' responsibilities
3
Independent auditor's report
4-7
Statement of financial position
8
Statement of comprehensive income
9
Statement of changes in equity
10
Statement of cash flows
11
Notes to the Financial Statements
12-21
1
CONTENTS PAGE

--- Page 137 ---
Mosel Capital Limited 
DIRECTORS' REPORT 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
The Directors present their Annual Report, together with the audited financial statements (the "Financial Statements") of Mosel 
Capital Limited (the "Company"), for the year ended 31 December 2019. 
INCORPORATION AND PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES 
The Company was incorporated on 24 October 2013. The principal activity of the Company is to issue unsecured Certificates (the 
"Certificates") under the terms of a US$10,000,000,000 Certificate programme. The Certificates will be issued in series and will 
provide holders with indirect access to various leveraged products holding investments in a range of trading programs. The first series 
of Certificates, being US$1,000,000,000 Certificates, provide direct access to Aspect Diversified Trends Trading Company I, a Limited 
Liability Company incorporated in the Cayman Islands and listed on Euronext Dublin (previously the Irish Stock Exchange). The 
second series of Certificates, being US$1,000,000,000 Certificates, provide direct access to Aspect Systematic Global Macro Trading 
Fund, a sub-fund of Aspect Investment Programmes ICAV, an umbrella asset management vehicle, a Limited Liability Company 
incorporated in Ireland and listed on Euronext Dublin. 
GOING CONCERN 
The Directors have prepared the Financial Statements of the Company on a going concern basis. As discussed below the expenses 
of the Company, are paid by ("Aspect"), pursuant to Expenses Agreements dated 4 December 2013 and 2 July 2018 respectively. 
The Directors have no reason to believe that Aspect Diversified Trends Trading Company I and Aspect Investment Programmes 
ICAV will not honour these agreements for the foreseeable future and note that these agreements have been in place for a number 
of years and Aspect Diversified Trends Trading Company I and Aspect Investment Programmes ICAV have continued to meet their 
obligations under them. Also, the Directors have no reason to believe that Aspect Diversified Trends Trading Company I and Aspect 
Investment Programmes ICAV will not continue as a going concern amidst the current uncertain market conditions derived from the 
outbreak of the COVID-19 Virus.The unsecured Certificates are limited recourse as the principal repayment of each series is linked to 
the value for the financial assets. The Directors have therefore prepared the Financial Statements on a going concern basis. 
RESULTS AND DIVIDENDS 
The results for the year are set out on page 9. The Directors do not recommend the payment of a dividend for the year (2018: US$ 
nil). 
DIRECTORS 
The Directors who held office during the year and up to the date of this report were: 
A Kekovska 
A Waters 
S Marriott 
COMPANY SECRETARY 
The Secretary of the Company who has been Secretary for the year under review and up to the date for this report is Crestbridge 
Corporate Services Limited. 
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR 
The Independent Auditor Deloitte LLP resigned on 18 May 2020. Subsequently Grant Thornton Limited, were appointed as the 
Independent Auditor on 18 May 2020. 
2 
Mosel Capital Limited
DIRECTORS' REPORT
For the year ended 31 December 2019
INCORPORATION AND PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES
DIRECTORS
A Kekovska
A Waters
S Marriott
COMPANY SECRETARY
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR
The Secretary of the Company who has been Secretary for the year under review and up to the date for this report is Crestbridge
Corporate Services Limited.
The Directors present their Annual Report, together with the audited financial statements (the "Financial Statements") of Mosel
Capital Limited (the "Company"), for the year ended 31 December 2019.
The Company was incorporated on 24 October 2013. The principal activity of the Company is to issue unsecured Certificates (the
"Certificates") under the terms of a US$10,000,000,000 Certificate programme. The Certificates will be issued in series and will
provide holders with indirect access to various leveraged products holding investments in a range of trading programs. The first series
of Certificates, being US$1,000,000,000 Certificates, provide direct access to Aspect Diversified Trends Trading Company I, a Limited 
Liability Company incorporated in the Cayman Islands and listed on Euronext Dublin (previously the Irish Stock Exchange). The
second series of Certificates, being US$1,000,000,000 Certificates, provide direct access to Aspect Systematic Global Macro Trading
Fund, a sub-fund of Aspect Investment Programmes ICAV, an umbrella asset management vehicle, a Limited Liability Company
incorporated in Ireland and listed on Euronext Dublin.
2
The results for the year are set out on page 9. The Directors do not recommend the payment of a dividend for the year (2018: US$
nil).
The Directors who held office during the year and up to the date of this report were:
The Independent Auditor Deloitte LLP resigned on 18 May 2020. Subsequently Grant Thornton Limited, were appointed as the
Independent Auditor on 18 May 2020.
The Directors have prepared the Financial Statements of the Company on a going concern basis. As discussed below the expenses
of the Company, are paid by ("Aspect"), pursuant to Expenses Agreements dated 4 December 2013 and 2 July 2018 respectively.
The Directors have no reason to believe that Aspect Diversified Trends Trading Company I and Aspect Investment Programmes
ICAV will not honour these agreements for the foreseeable future and note that these agreements have been in place for a number
of years and Aspect Diversified Trends Trading Company I and Aspect Investment Programmes ICAV have continued to meet their
obligations under them. Also, the Directors have no reason to believe that Aspect Diversified Trends Trading Company I and Aspect
Investment Programmes ICAV will not continue as a going concern amidst the current uncertain market conditions derived from the
outbreak of the COVID-19 Virus.The unsecured Certificates are limited recourse as the principal repayment of each series is linked to
the value for the financial assets. The Directors have therefore prepared the Financial Statements on a going concern basis.
GOING CONCERN
RESULTS AND DIVIDENDS

--- Page 138 ---
Mosel Capital Limited 
DIRECTORS' REPORT (CONTINUED) 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
STATEMENT OF DIRECTORS' RESPONSIBILITIES 
The Directors are responsible for preparing financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. 
Companies Law requires the Directors to prepare financial statements for each financial period which give a true and fair view of the 
state of affairs of the Company and of the Company's surplus or deficit for that period. In preparing these financial statements the 
Directors should; 
International Accounting Standard 1 "Presentation of Financial Statements" requires that financial statements present fairly, for each 
financial period, the Company's financial position, financial performance and cash flows. This requires the faithful representation of 
the effects of transactions, other events and conditions in accordance with the definitions and recognition criteria for assets, liabilities, 
income and expenses set out in the International Accounting Standards Board's 'Framework for the preparation and presentation of 
financial statements'. In virtually all circumstances, a fair presentation will be achieved by compliance with all applicable IFRSs. 
However, the Directors are also required to: 
select suitable accounting policies and then apply them consistently; 
make judgements and estimates that are reasonable and prudent; and 
state whether applicable accounting standards have been followed, subject to any material departures 
disclosed and explained in the financial statements; 
prepare the financial statements on a going concern basis unless it is inappropriate to presume that the 
Company will continue in business. 
The Directors are responsible for keeping proper accounting records that disclose with reasonable accuracy at any time the financial 
position of the Company at that time and to enable them to ensure that any financial statements comply with the Companies (Jersey) 
Law 1991. They are also responsible for safeguarding the assets of the Company and hence for taking reasonable steps for the 
prevention and detection of fraud and other irregularities. 
The Directors confirm that they have complied with the above requirements in preparing these audited financial statements. 
The Directors confirm that so far as they are aware, there is no relevant audit information, of which the Company's auditor is unaware 
and they have taken all the steps that they ought to have taken as directors to make themselves aware of any relevant audit 
information and to establish that the Company's auditor is aware of this information. 
Approved by the Board of Directors 
and signed on behalf of the Board 
Date: 
Registered Office 
47 Esplanade 
St Helier 
Jersey 
JE1 OBD 
3 
Mosel Capital Limited
DIRECTORS' REPORT (CONTINUED)
For the year ended 31 December 2019
-
select suitable accounting policies and then apply them consistently;
-
- 
- 
Approved by the Board of Directors
and signed on behalf of the Board
Date: 
Registered Office
Jersey
JE1 0BD
47 Esplanade
prepare the financial statements on a going concern basis unless it is inappropriate to presume that the
Company will continue in business.
The Directors are responsible for keeping proper accounting records that disclose with reasonable accuracy at any time the financial
position of the Company at that time and to enable them to ensure that any financial statements comply with the Companies (Jersey)
Law 1991. They are also responsible for safeguarding the assets of the Company and hence for taking reasonable steps for the
prevention and detection of fraud and other irregularities.
The Directors confirm that they have complied with the above requirements in preparing these audited financial statements.
The Directors confirm that so far as they are aware, there is no relevant audit information, of which the Company’s auditor is unaware
and they have taken all the steps that they ought to have taken as directors to make themselves aware of any relevant audit
information and to establish that the Company’s auditor is aware of this information. 
state whether applicable accounting standards have been followed, subject to any material departures
disclosed and explained in the financial statements;
St Helier
3
STATEMENT OF DIRECTORS' RESPONSIBILITIES
make judgements and estimates that are reasonable and prudent; and
The Directors are responsible for preparing financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.
Companies Law requires the Directors to prepare financial statements for each financial period which give a true and fair view of the
state of affairs of the Company and of the Company's surplus or deficit for that period. In preparing these financial statements the
Directors should;
International Accounting Standard 1 "Presentation of Financial Statements" requires that financial statements present fairly, for each
financial period, the Company's financial position, financial performance and cash flows. This requires the faithful representation of
the effects of transactions, other events and conditions in accordance with the definitions and recognition criteria for assets, liabilities,
income and expenses set out in the International Accounting Standards Board's 'Framework for the preparation and presentation of
financial statements'. In virtually all circumstances, a fair presentation will be achieved by compliance with all applicable IFRSs.
However, the Directors are also required to: 
30 July 2020

--- Page 139 ---
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT 
TO THE MEMBERS OF MOSEL CAPITAL LIMITED 
Opinion 
Our opinion on the financial statements is unmodified 
We have audited the financial statements of Mosel Capital Limited (the 'Company') for the year ended 31 
December 2019 which comprise the Statement of Financial Position, Statement of Comprehensive Income, 
Statement of Changes in Equity, Statement of Cash Flows and notes to the financial statements, including 
a summary of significant accounting policies. The financial reporting framework that has been applied in 
their preparation is applicable law and International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRSs) as issued by the 
International Accounting Standards Board. 
In our opinion, the financial statements: 
• 
give a true and fair view of the state of the Company's affairs as at 31 December 2019 and of the 
Company's loss for the year then ended; 
• 
are in accordance with IFRSs as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board; and 
• 
have been prepared in accordance with the requirements of the Companies (Jersey) Law 1991. 
Basis for opinion 
We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (UK) (ISAs 
(UK)) and applicable law. Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the 'Auditor's 
responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements' section of our report. We are independent of the 
Company in accordance with the ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of the financial 
statements in Jersey, including the FRC's Ethical Standard as applied to listed entities, and we have fulfilled 
our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements. We believe that the audit evidence 
we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. 
Conclusions relating to going concern 
We have nothing to report in respect of the following information in the annual report, in 
relation to which the ISAs (UK) require us to report to you where: 
• 
the directors' use of the going concern basis of accounting in the preparation of the company financial 
statements is not appropriate; or 
• 
the directors have not disclosed in the financial statements any identified material uncertainties that 
may cast significant doubt about the Company's ability to continue to adopt the going concern basis of 
accounting for a period of at least twelve months from the date when the financial statements are 
authorised for issue. 
Emphasis of matter 
We draw attention to Note 12 of the financial statements, which describes the effects of COVID-19 
outbreak on the Company's operations. Our opinion is not modified in respect of this matter. 
Key audit matters 
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our 
audit of the financial statements of the current period and include the most significant assessed risks of 
material misstatement (whether or not due to fraud) that we identified. These matters included those that 
had the greatest effect on: the overall audit strategy; the allocation of resources in the audit; and directing 
the efforts of the engagement team. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the financial 
statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on 
these matters. 
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT  
TO THE MEMBERS OF MOSEL CAPITAL LIMITED 
 
 
Opinion 
Our opinion on the financial statements is unmodified 
We have audited the financial statements of Mosel Capital Limited (the ‘Company’) for the year ended 31 
December 2019 which comprise the Statement of Financial Position, Statement of Comprehensive Income, 
Statement of Changes in Equity, Statement of Cash Flows and notes to the financial statements, including 
a summary of significant accounting policies. The financial reporting framework that has been applied in 
their preparation is applicable law and International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRSs) as issued by the 
International Accounting Standards Board. 
 
In our opinion, the financial statements: 
• 
give a true and fair view of the state of the Company’s affairs as at 31 December 2019 and of the 
Company’s loss for the year then ended; 
• 
are in accordance with IFRSs as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board; and 
• 
have been prepared in accordance with the requirements of the Companies (Jersey) Law 1991. 
  
Basis for opinion 
We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (UK) (ISAs 
(UK)) and applicable law. Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the ‘Auditor’s 
responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements’ section of our report. We are independent of the 
Company in accordance with the ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of the financial 
statements in Jersey, including the FRC’s Ethical Standard as applied to listed entities, and we have fulfilled 
our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements. We believe that the audit evidence 
we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. 
 
Conclusions relating to going concern 
We have nothing to report in respect of the following information in the annual report, in 
relation to which the ISAs (UK) require us to report to you where: 
• 
the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting in the preparation of the company financial 
statements is not appropriate; or 
• 
the directors have not disclosed in the financial statements any identified material uncertainties that 
may cast significant doubt about the Company’s ability to continue to adopt the going concern basis of 
accounting for a period of at least twelve months from the date when the financial statements are 
authorised for issue. 
 
 
Emphasis of matter 
We draw attention to Note 12 of the financial statements, which describes the effects of COVID-19 
outbreak on the Company’s operations.  Our opinion is not modified in respect of this matter.  
 
Key audit matters 
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our 
audit of the financial statements of the current period and include the most significant assessed risks of 
material misstatement (whether or not due to fraud) that we identified. These matters included those that 
had the greatest effect on: the overall audit strategy; the allocation of resources in the audit; and directing 
the efforts of the engagement team. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the financial 
statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on 
these matters. 
 
4

--- Page 140 ---
Key Audit Matter 
How the matter was addressed in 
the audit 
Investments maybe materially 
misstated due to incorrect 
valuation. 
Investments comprise of positions 
leveraged products that hold investments in 
a range of trading programmes. The fair 
value of investments (financial assets at fair 
value through profit or loss) is based on the 
price of the underlying leveraged products. 
The fair value may therefore be misstated 
due to intentional manipulation of the 
underlying products valuations or incorrect 
recording of the listed securities price. 
Our audit work included, but was not 
restricted to: 
• 
review of the Company's accounting 
policies to confirm their compliance 
with IFRS requirements; 
• 
tracing all additions and disposals during 
the year to the relevant valid deal tickets 
to 
confirm 
their 
occurrence 
and 
accuracy; 
• 
recalculating the fair value as at 31 
December 2019 using the closing prices 
and units confirmed through the audited 
financial statements of the underlying 
investment ; and 
• 
reviewing the signed financial statements 
of the underlying investments to confirm 
that fair values were accurately recorded. 
The Company's accounting policy on 
financial assets at fair value through profit or 
loss is shown in note 2 and related 
disclosures are included in note 4. 
Key observations 
No misstatements were identified from the 
work performed. 
Our application of materiality 
We define materiality as the magnitude of misstatement in the financial statements that makes it probable 
that the economic decisions of a reasonably knowledgeable person would be changed or influenced. We 
use materiality in determining the nature, timing and extent of our audit work and in evaluating the results 
of that work. 
Materiality was determined as follows: 
Materiality measure 
Company 
Financial statements as a whole 
$772,000 which is 2% of total assets. This benchmark is 
considered the most appropriate because certificate 
holders consider total assets value to be the main key 
performance indicator. 
Performance materiality used to 
drive the extent of our testing 
60% of financial statement materiality 
Key Audit Matter  
How the matter was addressed in 
the audit  
Investments maybe materially 
misstated due to incorrect 
valuation.  
 
Investments comprise of positions 
leveraged products that hold investments in 
a range of trading programmes. The fair 
value of investments (financial assets at fair 
value through profit or loss) is based on the 
price of the underlying leveraged products. 
The fair value may therefore be misstated 
due to intentional manipulation of the 
underlying products valuations or incorrect 
recording of the listed securities price.  
  
Our audit work included, but was not 
restricted to:  
• review of the Company’s accounting 
policies to confirm their compliance 
with IFRS requirements; 
• tracing all additions and disposals during 
the year to the relevant valid deal tickets 
to 
confirm 
their 
occurrence 
and 
accuracy; 
• recalculating the fair value as at 31 
December 2019 using the closing prices 
and units confirmed through the audited 
financial statements of the underlying 
investment ; and  
• reviewing the signed financial statements 
of the underlying investments to confirm 
that fair values were accurately recorded. 
 
The Company's accounting policy on 
financial assets at fair value through profit or 
loss is shown in note 2 and related 
disclosures are included in note 4.  
  
Key observations 
No misstatements were identified from the 
work performed. 
 
 
Our application of materiality 
We define materiality as the magnitude of misstatement in the financial statements that makes it probable 
that the economic decisions of a reasonably knowledgeable person would be changed or influenced. We 
use materiality in determining the nature, timing and extent of our audit work and in evaluating the results 
of that work.  
 
 
Materiality was determined as follows: 
 
Materiality measure 
Company 
Financial statements as a whole 
$772,000 which is 2% of total assets. This benchmark is 
considered the most appropriate because certificate 
holders consider total assets value to be the main key 
performance indicator. 
 
Performance materiality used to 
drive the extent of our testing 
60% of financial statement materiality 
 
 
 
 
5

--- Page 141 ---
The graph below illustrates how performance materiality interacts with our overall materiality and the 
tolerance for potential uncorrected misstatements. 
Orem11 materiality 
❑Tolerance fot potential 
nncornected mistatements 
hl Performance materiality 
An overview of the scope of ow guilt 
Our audit approach was based on a thorough understanding of the Company's business and is risk based, 
and in particular included: 
• 
assessment of the controls designed and implemarted by the administrator to ensure that information 
being recorded in the Company is valid, complete and accurate; and 
• 
understanding the investments cycle and performing the relevant substantive procedures on fair value 
movement and the fair value as at 31 December 2019. 
Other InfonueVon 
The directors we responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information 
included in the annual report ether than the financial statements and our auditor's report thereon. Our 
opinion on the financial statements dots not cover the other information and, Cr- cept to the extent 
otherwise explicitly stated in our report, we do not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon. In 
connection with our audit of the financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information 
and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistart with the financial 
stay:marts or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If we 
identify such material inconsistencies or apparent material misstatements, we are required to determine 
whether there is a material miss:sterna:it of the financial stay:marts or a material misstatement of the other 
information. g based on thework we have paformed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement 
of this other information, we are required to report that fact. 
We have nothing to report in this regard. 
netters on which we ore required to report by exception 
We have nothing to report in respect of the following matters in relation to which the Companies Oasey) 
Law 1991 requires us to report to you if in our opinion: 
• 
proper accounting records have not been kept by the Company; or 
• 
the financial stay:marts we not in agreement with the accounting records; or 
• we have not obtained all the information and explanations, which to the best of our knowledge and 
belief are necessary for the purposes of our audit. 
The graph below illustrates how performance materiality interacts with our overall materiality and the 
tolerance for potential uncorrected misstatements. 
 
An overview of the scope of our audit 
Our audit approach was based on a thorough understanding of the Company's business and is risk based, 
and in particular included:  
• 
assessment of the controls designed and implemented by the administrator to ensure that information 
being recorded in the Company is valid, complete and accurate; and 
• 
understanding the investments cycle and performing the relevant substantive procedures on fair value 
movement and the fair value as at 31 December 2019.  
 
Other information 
The directors are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information 
included in the annual report other than the financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon. Our 
opinion on the financial statements does not cover the other information and, except to the extent 
otherwise explicitly stated in our report, we do not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon. In 
connection with our audit of the financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information 
and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the financial 
statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If we 
identify such material inconsistencies or apparent material misstatements, we are required to determine 
whether there is a material misstatement of the financial statements or a material misstatement of the other 
information. If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement 
of this other information, we are required to report that fact. 
 
We have nothing to report in this regard. 
 
Matters on which we are required to report by exception 
We have nothing to report in respect of the following matters in relation to which the Companies (Jersey) 
Law 1991 requires us to report to you if, in our opinion: 
• 
proper accounting records have not been kept by the Company; or 
• 
the financial statements are not in agreement with the accounting records; or 
• 
we have not obtained all the information and explanations, which to the best of our knowledge and 
belief, are necessary for the purposes of our audit. 
 
 
 
40%
60%
Overall materiality 
Tolerance for potential
uncorrected mistatements
Performance materiality
 
6

--- Page 142 ---
Responsibilities of directors for the financial statements 
As explained more fully in the directors' responsibilities statement set out on page 3, the directors are 
responsible for the preparation of the financial statements which give a true and fair view in accordance 
with IFRSs, and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation 
of financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error. 
In preparing the financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Company's ability to 
continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going 
concern basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Company or to cease 
operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so. 
Auditor's responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements 
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole are 
free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor's report that includes 
our opinion. 
Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in 
accordance with ISAs (UK) will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can 
arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could 
reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these financial 
statements. 
A further description of our responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements is located on the 
Financial Reporting Council's website at: www.frc.org.uk/auditorsresponsibilities. This description forms 
part of our auditor's report. 
Use of our report 
This report is made solely to the Company's members, as a body, in accordance with Article 113A of the 
Companies (Jersey) Law 1991. Our audit work has been undertaken so that we might state to the Company's 
members those matters we are required to state to them in an auditor's report and for no other purpose. 
To the fullest extent permitted by law, we do not accept or assume responsibility to anyone other than the 
Company and the Company's members as a body, for our audit work, for this report, or for the opinions 
we have formed. 
•••
••••11MMEN.
K
....
Alexander R. Langley 
For and on behalf of Grant Thornton Limited 
Chartered Accountants 
St Helier 
Jersey 
30 July 2020 
Responsibilities of directors for the financial statements 
As explained more fully in the directors’ responsibilities statement set out on page 3, the directors are 
responsible for the preparation of the financial statements which give a true and fair view in accordance 
with IFRSs, and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation 
of financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error. 
 
In preparing the financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Company’s ability to 
continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going 
concern basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Company or to cease 
operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so. 
 
Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements 
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole are 
free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes 
our opinion. 
 
Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in 
accordance with ISAs (UK) will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can 
arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could 
reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these financial 
statements. 
 
A further description of our responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements is located on the 
Financial Reporting Council’s website at: www.frc.org.uk/auditorsresponsibilities. This description forms 
part of our auditor’s report. 
Use of our report 
This report is made solely to the Company’s members, as a body, in accordance with Article 113A of the 
Companies (Jersey) Law 1991. Our audit work has been undertaken so that we might state to the Company’s 
members those matters we are required to state to them in an auditor’s report and for no other purpose. 
To the fullest extent permitted by law, we do not accept or assume responsibility to anyone other than the 
Company and the Company’s members as a body, for our audit work, for this report, or for the opinions 
we have formed. 
 
 
 
 
Alexander R. Langley 
For and on behalf of Grant Thornton Limited 
Chartered Accountants 
St Helier 
Jersey 
 
30 July 2020
 
7

--- Page 143 ---
Mosel Capital Limited 
STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION 
As at 31 December 2019 
Notes 
31-Dec-19 
31-Dec-18 
Assets 
US$ 
US$ 
Non-Current Assets 
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss 
4 
38,589,925 
33,217,131 
Current Assets 
Trade and other receivables 
6 
1,000 
1,000 
Cash and cash equivalents 
199 
226 
1,199 
1,226 
Total Assets 
38,591,124 
33,218,357 
Equity 
Capital and Reserves Aftributable to the Equity 
Holders of the Company 
Share capital 
5 
3 
3 
Accumulated reserves 
1,196 
1,223 
Total Equity 
1,199 
1,226 
Liabilities 
Non-Current Liabilities 
Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss 
7 
38,589,925 
33,217,131 
Total Liabilities 
38,589,925 
33,217,131 
Total Equity and Liabilities 
38,591,124 
33,218,357 
These audited financial statements on pages 8 to 21 were approved and authorised for issue by the Board of Directors on 
Signed on behalf of the Board 
, 
Director 
The notes on pages 12 to 21 form an integral part of these financial statements. 
8 
Mosel Capital Limited
STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
As at 31 December 2019
Notes
31-Dec-19
31-Dec-18
Assets
US$
US$
Non-Current Assets
4
38,589,925
33,217,131
Current Assets
Trade and other receivables
6
1,000
1,000
Cash and cash equivalents
199
226
1,199
1,226
Total Assets
38,591,124
33,218,357
Equity
Capital and Reserves Attributable to the Equity
Holders of the Company
Share capital
5
3
3
Accumulated reserves
1,196
1,223
Total Equity
1,199
1,226
Liabilities
Non-Current Liabilities
Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss
7
38,589,925
33,217,131
Total Liabilities
38,589,925
33,217,131
Total Equity and Liabilities
38,591,124
33,218,357
These audited financial statements on pages 8 to 21 were approved and authorised for issue by the Board of Directors on          
Signed on behalf of the Board
Director
8
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
The notes on pages 12 to 21 form an integral part of these financial statements. 
30 July 2020

--- Page 144 ---
Mosel Capital Limited 
STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
Income 
Bank interest income 
Notes 
1-Jan-19 
to 
31-Dec-19 
US$ 
1-Jan-18 
to 
31-Dec-18 
US$ 
102 
Other income 
2 
1,000 
1,000 
Fair value movement on financial assets at fair value 
through profit or loss 
4 
18,402,765 
Fair value movement on financial liabilities at fair value 
through profit or loss 
7 
2,534,067 
18,403,765 
2,535,169 
Expenses 
Fair value movement on financial liabilities at fair value 
through profit or loss 
7 
18,402,765 
Fair value movement on financial assets at fair value 
through profit or loss 
4 
- 
2,534,067 
Bank charges 
1,027 
971 
18,403,792 
2,535,038 
Total Comprehensive (Loss) / Income 
aftributable to Equity Holders of the Company 
(27) 
131 
All results in the current year and prior year result from continuing operations. 
The notes on pages 12 to 21 form an integral part of these financial statements. 
9 
Mosel Capital Limited
STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
For the year ended 31 December 2019
1-Jan-19
1-Jan-18
to
to
Notes
31-Dec-19
31-Dec-18
US$
US$
Income
Bank interest income
 -  
102
                    
Other income
2
1,000
1,000
                 
Fair value movement on financial assets at fair value
through profit or loss
4
18,402,765
 -  
Fair value movement on financial liabilities at fair value
through profit or loss
7
 -  
2,534,067
18,403,765
2,535,169
Expenses
Fair value movement on financial liabilities at fair value
through profit or loss
7
18,402,765
 -  
Fair value movement on financial assets at fair value
through profit or loss
4
 -  
2,534,067
Bank charges 
1,027
971
18,403,792
2,535,038
Total Comprehensive (Loss) / Income 
(27)
131
attributable to Equity Holders of the Company
All results in the current year and prior year result from continuing operations.
9
The notes on pages 12 to 21 form an integral part of these financial statements.

--- Page 145 ---
Mosel Capital Limited 
STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
Share 
Capital 
US$ 
Accumulated 
Reserves 
US$ 
Total 
US$ 
As at 1 January 2019 
3 
1,223 
1,226 
Total comprehensive loss for the year 
(27) 
(27) 
As at 31 December 2019 
3 
1,196 
1,199 
Share 
Accumulated 
Capital 
Reserves 
Total 
US$ 
US$ 
US$ 
As at 1 January 2018 
3 
1,092 
1,095 
Total comprehensive income for the year 
131 
131 
As at 31 December 2018 
3 
1,223 
1,226 
The notes on pages 12 to 21 form an integral part of these financial statements. 
10 
Mosel Capital Limited
STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
For the year ended 31 December 2019
Share 
Accumulated
Capital
Reserves
Total
US$
US$
US$
As at 1 January 2019
3
                        
1,223
                 
1,226
                 
Total comprehensive loss for the year
-
                        
(27)
                    
(27)
                     
As at 31 December 2019
3
                        
1,196
                 
1,199
                 
Share 
Accumulated
Capital
Reserves
Total
US$
US$
US$
As at 1 January 2018
3
                        
1,092
                 
1,095
                 
Total comprehensive income for the year
-
                        
131
                    
131
                    
As at 31 December 2018
3
                        
1,223
                 
1,226
                 
The notes on pages 12 to 21 form an integral part of these financial statements. 
10

--- Page 146 ---
Mosel Capital Limited 
STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
Notes 
31-Dec-19 
31-Dec-18 
US$ 
US$ 
Cash flows from operating activities 
Total comprehensive income for the year 
(27) 
131 
Fair value movement on financial assets at fair value through profit or loss 
4 
(18,402,765) 
2,534,067 
Fair value movement on financial liabilities at fair value through profit or 
7 
18,402,765 
(2,534,067) 
Increase in receivables 
- 
(1,000) 
Net cash outflow from operating activities 
(27) 
(869) 
Cash flows from investing activities 
Purchase of investments 
(16,699,961) 
(25,599,995) 
Sale of investments 
29,729,932 
26,624,993 
Net cash inflow from investing activities 
13,029,971 
1,024,998 
Cash flows from financing activities 
Issue of Certificates 
16,699,961 
25,599,995 
Redemption of Certificates 
(29,729,932) 
(26,624,993) 
Net cash outflow from financing activities 
(13,029,971) 
(1,024,998) 
Decrease in cash and cash equivalents 
(27) 
(869) 
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year 
226 
1,095 
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year 
199 
226 
The notes on pages 12 to 21 form an integral part of these financial statements. 
11 
Mosel Capital Limited
STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
For the year ended 31 December 2019
Notes
31-Dec-19
31-Dec-18
US$
US$
Cash flows from operating activities
Total comprehensive income for the year
(27)
                    
131
                    
4
(18,402,765)
      
2,534,067
          
7
18,402,765
        
(2,534,067)
         
Increase in receivables
-
                        
(1,000)
                
Net cash outflow from operating activities
(27)
                    
(869)
                   
Purchase of investments
(16,699,961)
      
(25,599,995)
       
Sale of investments
29,729,932
        
26,624,993
        
Net cash inflow from investing activities
13,029,971
        
1,024,998
          
Cash flows from financing activities
Issue of Certificates
16,699,961
        
25,599,995
        
Redemption of Certificates
(29,729,932)
      
(26,624,993)
       
Net cash outflow from financing activities
(13,029,971)
      
(1,024,998)
         
Decrease in cash and cash equivalents
(27)
                    
(869)
                   
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year
226
                    
1,095
                 
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year
199
                    
226
                    
11
Fair value movement on financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
The notes on pages 12 to 21 form an integral part of these financial statements. 
Cash flows from investing activities
Fair value movement on financial liabilities at fair value through profit or

--- Page 147 ---
Mosel Capital Limited 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
1 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
The Company's principal place of business is at 47 Esplanade, St. Helier, Jersey JE1 OBD. The Company was incorporated 
on 24 October 2013 under the Companies (Jersey) Law 1991. The principal activity of the Company is to issue unsecured 
Certificates (the "Certificates") under the terms of a US$10,000,000,000 Certificate programme. The Certificates will be 
issued in series and will provide holders with indirect access to various leveraged products holding investments in a range of 
trading programs. 
The first and second series of Certificates, each being US$1,000,000,000 Certificates, provide direct access to the following 
programmes ( the "Investment Programmes"): 
Aspect Diversified Trends Trading Company I - A Limited Liability Company, incorporated in the Cayman Islands and listed 
on Euronext Dublin. 
Aspect Systematic Global Macro Trading Fund - A Limited Liability Company, incorporated in Ireland and listed on Euronext 
Dublin. 
2 
PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES 
The following accounting policies have been applied consistently throughout the years presented in dealing with items which 
are considered to be material in relation to the Company's audited Financial Statements (the "Finanancial Statements"). 
Basis of accounting 
These audited Financial Statements have been prepared on an historical cost basis, except for financial assets and liabilities 
designated at Fair Value Through Profit or Loss ('FVTPL') which have all been measured at fair value. The Financial 
Statements are presented in United States Dollars ("US$"). 
Statement of compliance 
The financial statements of the Company have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards 
("IFRS") as issued by the International Accounting Standard Board ("IASB"). 
Going concern 
The Directors have prepared the Financial Statements of the Company on a going concern basis. As discussed below the 
expenses of the Company, are paid by ("Aspect"), pursuant to Expenses Agreements dated 4 December 2013 and 2 July 
2018 respectively. The Directors have no reason to believe that Aspect Diversified Trends Trading Company I and Aspect 
Investment Programmes ICAV will not honour these agreements for the foreseeable future and note that these agreements 
have been in place for a number of years and Aspect Diversified Trends Trading Company I and Aspect Investment 
Programmes ICAV have continued to meet their obligations under them. Also, the Directors have no reason to believe that 
Aspect Diversified Trends Trading Company I and Aspect Investment Programmes ICAV will not continue as a going 
concern amidst the current uncertain market conditions derived from the outbreak of the COVID-19 Virus.The unsecured 
Certificates are limited recourse as the principal repayment of each series is linked to the value for the financial assets. The 
Directors have therefore prepared the Financial Statements on a going concern basis. 
New standards and interpretations not yet adopted 
Standards issued but not yet effective up to the reporting date of the audited financial statements are listed below: 
For annual periods commencing on: 
Amendments to References to the Conceptual Framework in IFRS Standards 
Amendments to IFRS 3 — Definition of a Business 
Amendments to IAS 1 and IAS 8 (Oct 2018)— Definition of Material 
1 January 2020 
1 January 2020 
1 January 2020 
The evaluation of the impact on the Financial Statements in respect of the: disclosures; classification; and, measurement on 
adoption of the standards in issue but not yet effective has not been finalised and is currently being assessed by the 
Directors. 
12 
Mosel Capital Limited
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2019
1
GENERAL INFORMATION
2
PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
New standards and interpretations not yet adopted
Amendments to References to the Conceptual Framework in IFRS Standards
1 January 2020
Amendments to IFRS 3 – Definition of a Business
1 January 2020
Amendments to IAS 1 and IAS 8 (Oct 2018) – Definition of Material
1 January 2020
The following accounting policies have been applied consistently throughout the years presented in dealing with items which
are considered to be material in relation to the Company's audited Financial Statements (the "Finanancial Statements").
Aspect Diversified Trends Trading Company I - A Limited Liability Company, incorporated in the Cayman Islands and listed
on Euronext Dublin.
Aspect Systematic Global Macro Trading Fund - A Limited Liability Company, incorporated in Ireland and listed on Euronext
Dublin.
Statement of compliance
The financial statements of the Company have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards
("IFRS") as issued by the International Accounting Standard Board ("IASB").
Going concern
The Directors have prepared the Financial Statements of the Company on a going concern basis. As discussed below the
expenses of the Company, are paid by ("Aspect"), pursuant to Expenses Agreements dated 4 December 2013 and 2 July
2018 respectively. The Directors have no reason to believe that Aspect Diversified Trends Trading Company I and Aspect
Investment Programmes ICAV will not honour these agreements for the foreseeable future and note that these agreements
have been in place for a number of years and Aspect Diversified Trends Trading Company I and Aspect Investment
Programmes ICAV have continued to meet their obligations under them. Also, the Directors have no reason to believe that
Aspect Diversified Trends Trading Company I and Aspect Investment Programmes ICAV will not continue as a going
concern amidst the current uncertain market conditions derived from the outbreak of the COVID-19 Virus.The unsecured
Certificates are limited recourse as the principal repayment of each series is linked to the value for the financial assets. The
Directors have therefore prepared the Financial Statements on a going concern basis.
Basis of accounting
These audited Financial Statements have been prepared on an historical cost basis, except for financial assets and liabilities
designated at Fair Value Through Profit or Loss ('FVTPL') which have all been measured at fair value. The Financial
Statements are presented in United States Dollars ("US$").
The Company's principal place of business is at 47 Esplanade, St. Helier, Jersey JE1 0BD. The Company was incorporated
on 24 October 2013 under the Companies (Jersey) Law 1991. The principal activity of the Company is to issue unsecured
Certificates (the "Certificates") under the terms of a US$10,000,000,000 Certificate programme. The Certificates will be
issued in series and will provide holders with indirect access to various leveraged products holding investments in a range of
trading programs. 
The first and second series of Certificates, each being US$1,000,000,000 Certificates, provide direct access to the following
programmes ( the "Investment Programmes"):
Standards issued but not yet effective up to the reporting date of the audited financial statements are listed below:
For annual periods commencing on:
The evaluation of the impact on the Financial Statements in respect of the: disclosures; classification; and, measurement on
adoption of the standards in issue but not yet effective has not been finalised and is currently being assessed by the
Directors.
12

--- Page 148 ---
Mosel Capital Limited 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
2 
PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 
Financial instruments 
1.1 Classification 
The Company classifies its financial assets and financial liabilities in the following measurement categories: 
• those to be measured subsequently at fair value; and 
• those to be measured at amortised cost. 
The classification depends on the Company's business model for managing the financial instruments and the contractual 
terms of the cash flows. 
Assets measured at fair value are Financial Assets at FVTPL and Financial Assets at Fair Value through Other 
Comprehensive Income ("FVOCI"), gains and losses of which will be recorded in profit or loss or other comprehensive 
income ("OCI") respectively. For investments in equity instruments that are not held for trading, this will depend on whether 
the Company has made an irrevocable election at the time of initial recognition to account for the equity investment at FVOCI. 
No such irrevocable election has been made. 
The Company reclassifies debt investments when and only when its business model for managing those assets changes. 
1.2 Recognition and initial measurement 
Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognised when the Company becomes a party to the contractual provisions of 
the financial instrument and are measured initially at fair value adjusted for transaction costs, except for those carried at fair 
value through profit or loss which are measured initially at fair value. 
1.3 Subsequent measurement of financial assets and liabilities 
Financial assets 
Debt instruments 
Subsequent measurement of debt instruments depends on the company's business model for managing the asset and the 
cash flow characteristics of the asset. There are three measurement categories into which the Company classifies its debt 
instruments: 
• Amortised cost: Assets that are held for collection of contractual cash flows where those cash flows represent solely 
payments of principal and interest are measured at amortised cost. Interest income from these financial assets is included in 
finance income using the effective interest rate method. Any gain or loss arising on derecognition is recognised directly in 
profit or loss and presented in other gains/(losses) together with foreign exchange gains and losses. Impairment losses are 
presented as separate line item in the Statement of Comprehensive Income. 
• FVTPL: Assets that do not meet the criteria for amortised cost or FVOCI are measured at FVTPL. A gain or loss on a debt 
investment that is subsequently measured at FVTPL is recognised in profit or loss and presented net within other 
gains/(losses) in the period in which it arises. 
Financial liabilities 
Financial liabilities are classified and subsequently measured at amortised cost, except for those that are derivative financial 
instruments or financial liabilities that are held for trading i.e. the Certificates, which are classified as FVTPL. The FVTPL 
option can also be irrevocably elected at initial recognition of financial liabilities, if it eliminates or significantly reduces an 
accounting mismatch, the financial liability is part of a portfolio that is managed and evaluated on a fair value basis, in 
accordance with a documented risk management or investment strategy or there is an embedded derivative in the financial or 
non-financial host contract and the derivative is not closely related to the host contract. 
Equity instruments 
The Company subsequently measures all equity investments at fair value. Where the Company's management has elected 
to present fair value gains and losses on equity investments in OCI, there is no subsequent reclassification of fair value gains 
and losses to profit or loss following the derecognition of the investment. Dividends from such investments continue to be 
recognised in profit or loss as other income when the Company's right to receive payments is established. No such 
irrevocable election has been made. 
13 
Mosel Capital Limited
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2019
2
PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
1.2  Recognition and initial measurement
Financial assets
Debt instruments
Financial instruments
1.1  Classification
•  those to be measured subsequently at fair value; and
•  those to be measured at amortised cost.
Assets measured at fair value are Financial Assets at FVTPL and Financial Assets at Fair Value through Other
Comprehensive Income ("FVOCI"), gains and losses of which will be recorded in profit or loss or other comprehensive
income ("OCI") respectively. For investments in equity instruments that are not held for trading, this will depend on whether
the Company has made an irrevocable election at the time of initial recognition to account for the equity investment at FVOCI.
No such irrevocable election has been made.
The classification depends on the Company’s business model for managing the financial instruments and the contractual
terms of the cash flows.
Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognised when the Company becomes a party to the contractual provisions of
the financial instrument and are measured initially at fair value adjusted for transaction costs, except for those carried at fair
value through profit or loss which are measured initially at fair value. 
1.3  Subsequent measurement of financial assets and liabilities
The Company classifies its financial assets and financial liabilities in the following measurement categories:
The Company reclassifies debt investments when and only when its business model for managing those assets changes.
Subsequent measurement of debt instruments depends on the company’s business model for managing the asset and the
cash flow characteristics of the asset. There are three measurement categories into which the Company classifies its debt
instruments: 
•  Amortised cost: Assets that are held for collection of contractual cash flows where those cash flows represent solely
payments of principal and interest are measured at amortised cost. Interest income from these financial assets is included in
finance income using the effective interest rate method. Any gain or loss arising on derecognition is recognised directly in
profit or loss and presented in other gains/(losses) together with foreign exchange gains and losses. Impairment losses are
presented as separate line item in the Statement of Comprehensive Income. 
•  FVTPL: Assets that do not meet the criteria for amortised cost or FVOCI are measured at FVTPL. A gain or loss on a debt
investment that is subsequently measured at FVTPL is recognised in profit or loss and presented net within other
gains/(losses) in the period in which it arises. 
Financial liabilities are classified and subsequently measured at amortised cost, except for those that are derivative financial
instruments or financial liabilities that are held for trading i.e. the Certificates, which are classified as FVTPL. The FVTPL
option can also be irrevocably elected at initial recognition of financial liabilities, if it eliminates or significantly reduces an
accounting mismatch, the financial liability is part of a portfolio that is managed and evaluated on a fair value basis, in
accordance with a documented risk management or investment strategy or there is an embedded derivative in the financial or
non-financial host contract and the derivative is not closely related to the host contract.
Financial liabilities
Equity instruments
The Company subsequently measures all equity investments at fair value. Where the Company’s management has elected
to present fair value gains and losses on equity investments in OCI, there is no subsequent reclassification of fair value gains
and losses to profit or loss following the derecognition of the investment. Dividends from such investments continue to be
recognised in profit or loss as other income when the Company’s right to receive payments is established. No such
irrevocable election has been made.
13

--- Page 149 ---
Mosel Capital Limited 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
2 
PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 
Equity instruments (continued) 
Changes in the fair value of financial assets at FVTPL are recognised in fair value gains/(losses) in the Statement of 
Comprehensive Income as applicable. Impairment losses (and reversal of impairment losses) on equity investments 
measured at FVOCI are not reported separately from other changes in fair value. 
1.4 Impairment 
The Company assesses on a forward-looking basis the expected credit loss associated with its debt instruments carried at 
amortised cost and FVOCI. The impairment methodology applied depends on whether there has been a significant increase 
in credit risk. 
For trade receivables, the Company applies the simplified approach permitted by IFRS 9, which requires expected lifetime 
losses to be recoanised from initial recoanition of the receivables. 
1.5 Derecognition 
Financial assets are derecognised when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the financial asset expire, or when the 
financial asset and substantially all the risks and rewards are transferred. A financial liability is derecognised when it is 
extinguished, discharged, cancelled or expires. Gains and losses on sales are calculated on an average cost basis. 
Cash and cash equivalents 
Cash and cash equivalents include cash in hand and deposits held at call with banks. For the purpose of the Statement of 
Cash Flows, cash and cash equivalents are considered to be all highly liquid investments with maturity of three months or 
less. 
Functional and presentation currency 
Items included in the Financial Statements of the Company are measured using the primary currency in which the Company 
operates. The Financial Statements are presented in United States Dollar, which is the Company's functional and 
presentation currency. 
Share Capital 
Shares are classified as equity when there is no obligation to transfer cash or other assets. Equity investments issued by the 
Company are recorded at the proceeds received, net of direct issue costs. 
Expenses 
All the Company expenses other than bank charges are paid by ("Aspect") and consequently are not recognised in these 
financial statements. 
Revenue 
Revenue has been recognised as and when it falls due to the Company. The Company is entitled to transaction fees of 
US$750 for each new series of Certificates issued. In addition, income is received by the Company from Morgan Stanley to 
cover bank charges. 
Taxation 
The Company is liable to Jersey income tax at a rate of 0% (2018: 0%). 
Valuation of Certificates 
The Company held two series of Certificates as at the year-end. The Certificates constitute a straight pass through exposure, 
net of fees, to the underlying investments detailed in note 4. The underlying investments are listed on Euronext Dublin. 
The Company has designated all of the Certificates at fair value through profit or loss which is equivalent to the available 
quoted price of the underlying investment in the market. The Certificates are initially recognised at fair value and 
subsequently re-measured at fair value through profit or loss based on the last traded price of the underlying investment. 
Profits and losses on sales are accounted for on a trade date basis and taken to the Statement of Comprehensive Income. 
14 
Mosel Capital Limited
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2019
2
PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
Cash and cash equivalents
Share Capital
Expenses
Revenue
14
The Company has designated all of the Certificates at fair value through profit or loss which is equivalent to the available
quoted price of the underlying investment in the market.
The Certificates are initially recognised at fair value and
subsequently re-measured at fair value through profit or loss based on the last traded price of the underlying investment.
Profits and losses on sales are accounted for on a trade date basis and taken to the Statement of Comprehensive Income.
Valuation of Certificates
The Company held two series of Certificates as at the year-end. The Certificates constitute a straight pass through exposure,
net of fees, to the underlying investments detailed in note 4.  The underlying investments are listed on Euronext Dublin.
All the Company expenses other than bank charges are paid by ("Aspect") and consequently are not recognised in these
financial statements.
Revenue has been recognised as and when it falls due to the Company. The Company is entitled to transaction fees of
US$750 for each new series of Certificates issued. In addition, income is received by the Company from Morgan Stanley to
cover bank charges.
The Company is liable to Jersey income tax at a rate of 0% (2018: 0%).
Taxation
Functional and presentation currency
1.5  Derecognition
Financial assets are derecognised when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the financial asset expire, or when the
financial asset and substantially all the risks and rewards are transferred. A financial liability is derecognised when it is
extinguished, discharged, cancelled or expires. Gains and losses on sales are calculated on an average cost basis.
Cash and cash equivalents include cash in hand and deposits held at call with banks. For the purpose of the Statement of
Cash Flows, cash and cash equivalents are considered to be all highly liquid investments with maturity of three months or
less.
The Company assesses on a forward-looking basis the expected credit loss associated with its debt instruments carried at
amortised cost and FVOCI. The impairment methodology applied depends on whether there has been a significant increase
in credit risk. 
For trade receivables, the Company applies the simplified approach permitted by IFRS 9, which requires expected lifetime
losses to be recognised from initial recognition of the receivables.
Items included in the Financial Statements of the Company are measured using the primary currency in which the Company
operates. The Financial Statements are presented in United States Dollar, which is the Company’s functional and
presentation currency.
Shares are classified as equity when there is no obligation to transfer cash or other assets. Equity investments issued by the
Company are recorded at the proceeds received, net of direct issue costs.
1.4  Impairment
Equity instruments (continued)
Changes in the fair value of financial assets at FVTPL are recognised in fair value gains/(losses) in the Statement of
Comprehensive Income as applicable. Impairment losses (and reversal of impairment losses) on equity investments
measured at FVOCI are not reported separately from other changes in fair value.

--- Page 150 ---
Mosel Capital Limited 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
3 
ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS 
Critical accounting judgements 
The Directors of the Company have considered there to be no critical accounting judgements made in respect of the 
preparation of these Financial Statements. 
Key sources of estimation 
The Company uses valuations received from the third party administrators of the underlying investments for daily Net Asset 
Valuation calculations. Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss are independently valued on an individual basis 
depending on the nature of the investment. Fair value estimates are made at a specific point in time, based on market 
conditions and other available information. The certificate investments fall under Level 1, 2 and 3 of the fair value hierarchy. 
The table in note 4 shows a reconciliation of opening balances to the year end balances. The Directors consider there to be 
no other key sources of estimation uncertainty at the year end date that have a significant risk of causing a material 
adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial period. 
Capital risk management 
When managing capital, the Company's objectives is to safeguard its ability to continue as a going concern in order to 
provide returns for shareholders and benefits for other stakeholders. The Company aims to deliver these objectives by aiming 
to achieve consistent returns from its assets, maintaining sufficient liquidity to meet the expenses of the Company. Currently, 
there are no externally imposed capital requirements. 
Foreign currency 
Items included in the Financial Statements are measured and presented in United States Dollar, reflective of the primary 
economic environment in which it operates (the "Functional Currency"). 
4 
FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS 
31-Dec-19 
US$ 
31-Dec-18 
US$ 
Cost of investments brought forward at beginning of the year 
39,880,019 
43,425,386 
Cost of investments purchased during the year 
16,699,961 
25,599,995 
Proceeds of investments sold during the year 
(29,729,932) 
(26,624,993) 
Realised gain/(loss) for the year on cost 
3,024,197 
(2,520,369) 
Cost of investments carried forward at end of the year 
29,874,245 
39,880,019 
Fair value movement brought forward at beginning of the year 
(6,662,888) 
(6,649,190) 
Fair value movement on assets measured at fair value through profit or loss 
15,378,568 
(13,698) 
Fair value movement carried forward at end of the year 
8,715,680 
(6,662,888) 
Fair value at end of the year 
38,589,925 
33,217,131 
Realised gain/(loss) on cost 
3,024,197 
(2,520,369) 
Unrealised fair value movement 
15,378,568 
(13,698) 
Fair value movement on assets measured at fair value through profit or loss 
18,402,765 
(2,534,067) 
The Company used the proceeds of the issue of Certificates detailed in note 7 to acquire interest units in the Investment 
Programmes listed in note 1. The Series 1 Investment Programme is a Cayman Islands Limited Liability Company. The 
Series 2 Investment Programme is an Irish Limited Liability Company. These Investment Programmes provide exposure to 
leveraged derivative instruments and are held for capital appreciation. The units are listed on Euronext Dublin. 
5 
SHARE CAPITAL 
31-Dec-19 
31-Dec-18 
Authorised 
10,000 ordinary shares of £1 each 
Allotted, called up and fully paid 
2 ordinary shares of £1 each 
£10,000 
£10,000 
US$ 
US$ 
3 
3 
The Company has issued 2 ordinary shares which are fully paid at £1 each, at a foreign exchange rate of GBP 1.0000 : USD 
1.326. 
The Company has one class of ordinary shares which carry no right to fixed income. 
15 
Mosel Capital Limited
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2019
3
ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS
Critical accounting judgements
4
31-Dec-19
31-Dec-18
US$
US$
Cost of investments brought forward at beginning of the year
39,880,019
        
43,425,386
        
Cost of investments purchased during the year
16,699,961
        
25,599,995
        
Proceeds of investments sold during the year
(29,729,932)
      
(26,624,993)
       
Realised gain/(loss) for the year on cost
3,024,197
          
(2,520,369)
         
Cost of investments carried forward at end of the year
29,874,245
        
39,880,019
        
Fair value movement brought forward at beginning of the year
(6,662,888)
        
(6,649,190)
         
Fair value movement on assets measured at fair value through profit or loss
15,378,568
        
(13,698)
              
Fair value movement carried forward at end of the year
8,715,680
          
(6,662,888)
         
Fair value at end of the year
38,589,925
        
33,217,131
        
Realised gain/(loss) on cost
3,024,197
          
(2,520,369)
         
Unrealised fair value movement
15,378,568
        
(13,698)
              
Fair value movement on assets measured at fair value through profit or loss
18,402,765
(2,534,067)
5
SHARE CAPITAL
31-Dec-19
31-Dec-18
Authorised
10,000 ordinary shares of £1 each
£10,000
£10,000
Allotted, called up and fully paid
US$
US$
2 ordinary shares of £1 each
3
                        
3
                        
15
The Company has issued 2 ordinary shares which are fully paid at £1 each, at a foreign exchange rate of GBP 1.0000 : USD
1.326.
The Company has one class of ordinary shares which carry no right to fixed income.
The Company used the proceeds of the issue of Certificates detailed in note 7 to acquire interest units in the Investment
Programmes listed in note 1. The Series 1 Investment Programme is a Cayman Islands Limited Liability Company. The
Series 2 Investment Programme is an Irish Limited Liability Company. These Investment Programmes provide exposure to
leveraged derivative instruments and are held for capital appreciation. The units are listed on Euronext Dublin.
Items included in the Financial Statements are measured and presented in United States Dollar, reflective of the primary
economic environment in which it operates (the "Functional Currency").
Key sources of estimation 
Capital risk management
FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS
Foreign currency
The Directors of the Company have considered there to be no critical accounting judgements made in respect of the
preparation of these Financial Statements. 
The Company uses valuations received from the third party administrators of the underlying investments for daily Net Asset
Valuation calculations. Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss are independently valued on an individual basis
depending on the nature of the investment. Fair value estimates are made at a specific point in time, based on market
conditions and other available information. The certificate investments fall under Level 1, 2 and 3 of the fair value hierarchy.
The table in note 4 shows a reconciliation of opening balances to the year end balances. The Directors consider there to be
no other key sources of estimation uncertainty at the year end date that have a significant risk of causing a material
adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial period. 
When managing capital, the Company’s objectives is to safeguard its ability to continue as a going concern in order to
provide returns for shareholders and benefits for other stakeholders. The Company aims to deliver these objectives by aiming
to achieve consistent returns from its assets, maintaining sufficient liquidity to meet the expenses of the Company. Currently,
there are no externally imposed capital requirements.

--- Page 151 ---
Mosel Capital Limited 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
6 
TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES 
31-Dec-19 
31-Dec-18 
US$ 
US$ 
Amounts due from Aspect 
1,000 
1,000 
1,000 
1,000 
7 
FINANCIAL LIABILITIES AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS 
The Company may issue up to US$10,000,000,000 unsecured Certificates under the terms of the Certificate Programme 
dated 4 December 2013. 
On 25 May 2018, the Company approved the issuance of a second series of certificates ("Series 2") pursuant to the 
Certificate Programme. Series 2 is linked to the shares of Aspect Systematic Global Macro Trading Fund (the "Sub-Fund"), a 
sub-fund of Aspect Investments Programmes ICAV. 
At the year end the Company had issued two series of Certificates under the programme, with a nominal value of 
US$2,000,000,000 (2018: US$2,000,000,000). Details of the series of Certificates in issue are as follows: 
Notional amount 
Series 
Series 1 Certificates 
Series 2 Certificates 
Fair Values 
Series 
Series 1 Certificates 
Series 2 Certificates 
Aggregate 
nominal 
amount of 
Certificates in 
31/12/2019 
US$ 
1,000,000,000 
1,000,000,000 
Nominal value 
of Certificates 
Cost of 
repurchased by 
Certificates 
the Company 
Subscribed 
31/12/2019 
31/12/2019 
US$ 
US$ 
993,705,086 
20,506,979 
989,298,929 
9,367,266 
2,000,000,000 
1,983,004,015 
29,874,246 
Realised loss on cost 
Unrealised fair value movement 
Fair value movement on liabilities measured at fair value through profit or loss 
Number of Certificates 
Series 
Series 1 Certificates 
Series 2 Certificates 
Notional amount 
Series 
Series 1 Certificates 
Series 2 Certificates 
Fair Value per 
Certificate 
31/12/2019 
US$ 
4.449561 
0.988716 
Number of 
Number of 
Subscribed 
Certificates 
Certificates 
31/12/2019 
31/12/2019 
1,000,000,000 
6,294,914 
1,000,000,000 
10,701,071 
2,000,000,000 
16,995,985 
Aggregate 
nominal 
amount of 
Certificates in 
31/12/2018 
US$ 
1,000,000,000 
1,000,000,000 
2,000,000,000 
Nominal value 
of Certificates 
repurchased by 
the Company 
31/12/2018 
US$ 
972,500,000 
999,000,000 
1,971,500,000 
Fair Value of 
Subscribed 
Certificates 
31/12/2019 
US$ 
28,009,605 
10,580,320 
38,589,925 
(3,024,197) 
(15,378,568) 
(18,402,765) 
Number of 
Unsubscribed 
Certificates 
31/12/2019 
993,705,086 
989,298,929 
1,983,004,015 
Cost of 
Certificates 
Subscribed 
31/12/2018 
US$ 
39,219,575 
660,444 
39,880,019 
16 
Mosel Capital Limited
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2019
6
TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES
31-Dec-19
31-Dec-18
US$
US$
Amounts due from Aspect
1,000
                 
1,000
                 
1,000
                 
1,000
                 
7
FINANCIAL LIABILITIES AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS
Notional amount
31/12/2019
31/12/2019
31/12/2019
US$
US$
 US$ 
Series 1 Certificates
1,000,000,000
   
993,705,086
20,506,979
        
Series 2 Certificates
1,000,000,000
   
989,298,929
9,367,266
          
2,000,000,000
   
1,983,004,015
   
29,874,246
        
Fair Values
31/12/2019
31/12/2019
US$
US$
Series 1 Certificates
4.449561
28,009,605
        
Series 2 Certificates
0.988716
10,580,320
        
38,589,925
        
Realised loss on cost
(3,024,197)
         
Unrealised fair value movement
(15,378,568)
       
Fair value movement on liabilities measured at fair value through profit or loss
(18,402,765)
Number of Certificates
31/12/2019
31/12/2019
31/12/2019
Series 1 Certificates
1,000,000,000
   
6,294,914
          
993,705,086
      
Series 2 Certificates
1,000,000,000
   
10,701,071
        
989,298,929
      
2,000,000,000
   
16,995,985
        
1,983,004,015
   
Notional amount
31/12/2018
31/12/2018
31/12/2018
US$
US$
 US$ 
Series 1 Certificates
1,000,000,000
   
972,500,000
39,219,575
        
Series 2 Certificates
1,000,000,000
   
999,000,000
660,444
             
2,000,000,000
   
1,971,500,000
   
39,880,019
        
16
Number of 
Subscribed 
Certificates 
At the year end the Company had issued two series of Certificates under the programme, with a nominal value of
US$2,000,000,000 (2018: US$2,000,000,000). Details of the series of Certificates in issue are as follows:
The Company may issue up to US$10,000,000,000 unsecured Certificates under the terms of the Certificate Programme
dated 4 December 2013. 
On 25 May 2018, the Company approved the issuance of a second series of certificates (“Series 2”) pursuant to the
Certificate Programme. Series 2 is linked to the shares of Aspect Systematic Global Macro Trading Fund (the “Sub-Fund”), a
sub-fund of Aspect Investments Programmes ICAV.
Series
Series
Series
Series
Number of 
Certificates 
Fair Value of 
Subscribed 
Certificates
Number of 
Unsubscribed 
Certificates
Cost of 
Certificates 
Subscribed
Aggregate 
nominal 
amount of 
Certificates in 
Fair Value per 
Certificate
Aggregate 
nominal 
amount of 
Certificates in 
Nominal value 
of Certificates 
repurchased by 
the Company 
Nominal value 
of Certificates 
repurchased by 
the Company 
Cost of 
Certificates 
Subscribed

--- Page 152 ---
Mosel Capital Limited 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
7 
FINANCIAL LIABILITIES AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS 
Fair Values 
Fair Value per 
Certificate 
Series 
31/12/2018 
US$ 
Series 1 Certificates 
2.549575 
Series 2 Certificates 
1.386599 
Realised gain on cost 
Unrealised fair value movement 
Fair value movement on liabilities measured at fair value through profit or loss 
Fair Value of 
Subscribed 
Certificates 
31/12/2018 
US$ 
32,362,543 
854,588 
33,217,131 
2,520,369 
13,698 
2,534,067 
Number of Certificates 
Number of 
Certificates 
Number of 
Subscribed 
Certificates 
Number of 
Unsubscribed 
Certificates 
Series 
31/12/2018 
31/12/2018 
31/12/2018 
Series 1 Certificates 
1,000,000,000 
12,693,309 
987,306,691 
Series 2 Certificates 
1,000,000,000 
616,320 
999,383,680 
2,000,000,000 
13,309,629 
1,986,690,371 
The Certificates constitute a straight pass through exposure, net of fees, to the underlying investments detailed in note 4. The 
Certificates are limited recourse to the proceeds of the investments. The Certificate holders shall have no rights or claims 
against any other assets or future series of the Certificates issued by the Company. 
The amount of the Company's obligations in respect of the Certificates is dependent on the performance of the underlying 
investment in the interest units of the Investment Programmes that each of the Certificates is exposed to, which will in turn 
determine the amounts repaid to the Certificate holders. The investment in the Certificates is not capital protected and 
therefore any negative performance of interest units in each of the underlying Investment Programmes will be reflected in the 
redemption price, which could result in a total loss on redemption of the Certificates. The Certificates can be redeemed at any 
time. 
The holders of the Certificates have no shareholder rights and no duty to cover losses. 
As per the Prospectus, Crestbridge Fund Administrators Limited, acting as the Calculation Agent, will determine the 
termination amount, liquidation repayment amount or the repayment of the repurchase price as the case may be. 
Following the issue of the Certificates detailed above US$8,000,000,000 remains available for issue under the Certificate 
Programme dated 4 December 2013 (2018: US$8,000,000,000). 
The maturity date of the Certificates detailed above is 5 December 2023 for Series 1 and 2 July 2028 for Series 2. 
17 
Mosel Capital Limited
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
7
FINANCIAL LIABILITIES AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS
Fair Values
31/12/2018
31/12/2018
US$
US$
Series 1 Certificates
2.549575
32,362,543
        
Series 2 Certificates
1.386599
854,588
             
33,217,131
        
Realised gain on cost
2,520,369
          
Unrealised fair value movement
13,698
               
Fair value movement on liabilities measured at fair value through profit or loss
2,534,067
Number of Certificates
31/12/2018
31/12/2018
31/12/2018
Series 1 Certificates
1,000,000,000
   
12,693,309
        
987,306,691
      
Series 2 Certificates
1,000,000,000
   
616,320
             
999,383,680
      
2,000,000,000
   
13,309,629
        
1,986,690,371
   
The Certificates constitute a straight pass through exposure, net of fees, to the underlying investments detailed in note 4. The
Certificates are limited recourse to the proceeds of the investments. The Certificate holders shall have no rights or claims
against any other assets or future series of the Certificates issued by the Company. 
For the year ended 31 December 2019
Number of 
Subscribed 
Certificates 
Number of 
Unsubscribed 
Certificates
The maturity date of the Certificates detailed above is 5 December 2023 for Series 1 and 2 July 2028 for Series 2.
Series
Series
The amount of the Company’s obligations in respect of the Certificates is dependent on the performance of the underlying
investment in the interest units of the Investment Programmes that each of the Certificates is exposed to, which will in turn
determine the amounts repaid to the Certificate holders. The investment in the Certificates is not capital protected and
therefore any negative performance of interest units in each of the underlying Investment Programmes will be reflected in the
redemption price, which could result in a total loss on redemption of the Certificates. The Certificates can be redeemed at any
time. 
17
The holders of the Certificates have no shareholder rights and no duty to cover losses.
Fair Value per 
Certificate
Fair Value of 
Subscribed 
Certificates
Number of 
Certificates 
Following the issue of the Certificates detailed above US$8,000,000,000 remains available for issue under the Certificate
Programme dated 4 December 2013 (2018: US$8,000,000,000).
As per the Prospectus, Crestbridge Fund Administrators Limited, acting as the Calculation Agent, will determine the
termination amount, liquidation repayment amount or the repayment of the repurchase price as the case may be.

--- Page 153 ---
Mosel Capital Limited 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
8 
FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT 
The Company's activities expose it to a variety of financial risks: market risk (including currency risk, price risk, cash flow risk 
and interest rate risk), capital management risk, credit risk and liquidity risk. The financial risks relate to the following financial 
instruments: financial assets at fair value through profit or loss, cash and cash equivalents, trade and other receivables and 
financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss. The accounting policies with respect to these financial instruments are 
described in note 2. The Company's risk management policies employed to manage these risks are discussed below. 
(a) Liquidity risk 
Liquidity risk is the risk that the Company will not be able to meet its financial obligations as they fall due. The potential risk of 
not being able to meet its financial liabilities is mitigated by the fact that the investment interest units of Aspect Diversified 
Trends Trading Company I and Aspect Systematic Global Macro Trading Fund (the "Underlying Investments") are liquid and 
the repayment profile of the Certificates, the Company's main liabilities, have been matched to the liquidity profile of the 
investments which are publicly quoted. 
The following table details the Company's liquidity analysis for its financial assets and liabilities. 
As at 31 December 2019 
Up to 1 yr 
1yr to 2 yrs 
Over 2 yrs 
Total 
US$ 
US$ 
US$ 
US$ 
Assets 
Current assets 
Cash and cash equivalents 
199 
199 
Trade and other receivables 
1,000 
1,000 
Investment portfolio 
Financial Assets at FVTPL 
38,589,925 
38,589,925 
1,199 
38,589,925 
38,591,124 
As at 31 December 2019 
Up to 1 yr 
1yr to 2 yrs 
Over 2 yrs 
Total 
US$ 
US$ 
US$ 
US$ 
Liabilities 
Non-current liabilities 
Financial liabilities at FVTPL 
38,589,925 
38,589,925 
38,589,925 
38,589,925 
As at 31 December 2018 
Up to 1 yr 
1yr to 2 yrs 
Over 2 yrs 
Total 
US$ 
US$ 
US$ 
US$ 
Assets 
Current assets 
Cash and cash equivalents 
226 
226 
Trade and other receivables 
1,000 
1,000 
Investment portfolio 
Financial Assets at FVTPL 
33,217,131 
33,217,131 
1,226 
33,217,131 
33,218,357 
Liabilities 
Non-current liabilities 
Financial liabilities at FVTPL 
33,217,131 
33,217,131 
33,217,131 
33,217,131 
18 
Mosel Capital Limited
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
8
FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT
(a) Liquidity risk
As at 31 December 2019
Up to 1 yr
1yr to 2 yrs
Over 2 yrs
Total
US$
US$
US$
US$
Cash and cash equivalents
199
                    
-
                    
-
                    
199
                    
Trade and other receivables
1,000
                 
-
                    
-
                    
1,000
                 
-
                    
38,589,925
        
-
                    
38,589,925
        
1,199
                 
38,589,925
        
-
                    
38,591,124
        
As at 31 December 2019
Up to 1 yr
1yr to 2 yrs
Over 2 yrs
Total
US$
US$
US$
US$
Non-current liabilities
Financial liabilities at FVTPL
-
                    
38,589,925
        
-
                    
38,589,925
        
-
                    
38,589,925
        
-
                    
38,589,925
        
As at 31 December 2018
Up to 1 yr
1yr to 2 yrs
Over 2 yrs
Total
US$
US$
US$
US$
Cash and cash equivalents
226
                    
-
                    
-
                    
226
                    
Trade and other receivables
1,000
                 
-
                    
-
                    
1,000
                 
-
                    
33,217,131
        
-
                    
33,217,131
        
1,226
                 
33,217,131
        
-
                    
33,218,357
        
Non-current liabilities
-
                    
33,217,131
        
-
                    
33,217,131
        
-
                    
33,217,131
        
-
                    
33,217,131
        
Investment portfolio 
Financial Assets at FVTPL
Investment portfolio 
Financial Assets at FVTPL
Financial liabilities at FVTPL
Assets
Liabilities
The following table details the Company's liquidity analysis for its financial assets and liabilities.
Liquidity risk is the risk that the Company will not be able to meet its financial obligations as they fall due. The potential risk of
not being able to meet its financial liabilities is mitigated by the fact that the investment interest units of Aspect Diversified
Trends Trading Company I and Aspect Systematic Global Macro Trading Fund (the "Underlying Investments") are liquid and
the repayment profile of the Certificates, the Company's main liabilities, have been matched to the liquidity profile of the
investments which are publicly quoted.
For the year ended 31 December 2019
18
Assets
Current assets
The Company’s activities expose it to a variety of financial risks: market risk (including currency risk, price risk, cash flow risk
and interest rate risk), capital management risk, credit risk and liquidity risk. The financial risks relate to the following financial
instruments: financial assets at fair value through profit or loss, cash and cash equivalents, trade and other receivables and
financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss. The accounting policies with respect to these financial instruments are
described in note 2. The Company’s risk management policies employed to manage these risks are discussed below.
Current assets
Liabilities

--- Page 154 ---
Mosel Capital Limited 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
8 
FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED) 
(b) Capital management 
When managing capital the Company's objectives are to safeguard its ability to continue as a going concern in order to 
provide returns for shareholders and the Certificate holders. 
The expenses of the Company are funded by third parties, Aspect and the Company will issue further Certificates in order to 
fund further investments. Any capital requirements are known with some certainty and therefore no formal monitoring is 
considered necessary. There are no externally imposed capital requirements. 
(c) Credit risk 
Credit risk is the risk that a counterparty will be unable to meet a commitment that it has been entered into with the Company. 
Credit risk is the potential exposure of the Company to loss in the event of non-performance by the Underlying Investments, 
the counterparties to the investments. In turn the Company is exposed to a potential loss under the Certificates. The 
Directors consider that the exposure is not material as the Certificates issued have limited recourse to the proceeds of the 
investments and hence, amounts due to the Certificate holders are limited to the amount received from the Underlying 
Investments. 
The following table shows the Company's maximum exposure to credit risk: 
As at 31 December 2019 
Up to 1 yr 
1yr to 2 yrs 
Over 2 yrs 
Total 
US$ 
US$ 
US$ 
US$ 
Current assets 
Cash and cash equivalents 
199 
199 
Trade and other receivables 
1,000 
1,000 
Investment portfolio 
Financial assets at FVTPL 
38,589,925 
38,589,925 
1,199 
38,589,925 
38,591,124 
As at 31 December 2018 
Up to 1 yr 
1yr to 2 yrs 
Over 2 yrs 
Total 
US$ 
US$ 
US$ 
US$ 
Current assets 
Cash and cash equivalents 
226 
226 
Trade and other receivables 
1,000 
1,000 
Investment portfolio 
Financial assets at FVTPL 
33,217,131 
33,217,131 
1,226 
33,217,131 
33,218,357 
(d) Market risk 
The Company's exposure to market risk is comprised of the following risks: 
(i) Foreign Exchange risk 
The Company is not exposed to any material foreign exchange risk as the majority of the Company's assets and liabilities are 
denominated in US Dollars which is the Company's functional and presentational currency. 
(ii) Cash flow and fair value interest rate risk 
As the Company has no significant interest-bearing assets, its income and operating cash flows are substantially independent 
of changes in market interest rates. 
The Company is not subject to interest rate risk on any of its liabilities. 
19 
Mosel Capital Limited
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
8
FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)
As at 31 December 2019
Up to 1 yr
1yr to 2 yrs
Over 2 yrs
Total
US$
US$
US$
US$
Cash and cash equivalents
199
                    
-
                    
-
                    
199
                    
Trade and other receivables
1,000
                 
-
                    
-
                    
1,000
                 
-
                    
38,589,925
        
-
                    
38,589,925
        
1,199
                 
38,589,925
        
-
                    
38,591,124
        
As at 31 December 2018
Up to 1 yr
1yr to 2 yrs
Over 2 yrs
Total
US$
US$
US$
US$
Cash and cash equivalents
226
                    
-
                    
-
                    
226
                    
Trade and other receivables
1,000
                 
-
                    
-
                    
1,000
                 
-
                    
33,217,131
        
-
                    
33,217,131
        
                 1,226 
        33,217,131 
-
                    
         33,218,357 
(ii) Cash flow and fair value interest rate risk
(c) Credit risk
The expenses of the Company are funded by third parties, Aspect and the Company will issue further Certificates in order to
fund further investments. Any capital requirements are known with some certainty and therefore no formal monitoring is
considered necessary. There are no externally imposed capital requirements.
The Company's exposure to market risk is comprised of the following risks:
The Company is not subject to interest rate risk on any of its liabilities.
(i) Foreign Exchange risk
The Company is not exposed to any material foreign exchange risk as the majority of the Company's assets and liabilities are
denominated in US Dollars which is the Company's functional and presentational currency.
(d) Market risk
For the year ended 31 December 2019
The following table shows the Company's maximum exposure to credit risk:
Current assets
When managing capital the Company's objectives are to safeguard its ability to continue as a going concern in order to
provide returns for shareholders and the Certificate holders.
Current assets
Investment portfolio 
Financial assets at FVTPL
Investment portfolio 
Financial assets at FVTPL
As the Company has no significant interest-bearing assets, its income and operating cash flows are substantially independent
of changes in market interest rates.
19
Credit risk is the risk that a counterparty will be unable to meet a commitment that it has been entered into with the Company.
Credit risk is the potential exposure of the Company to loss in the event of non-performance by the Underlying Investments,
the counterparties to the investments. In turn the Company is exposed to a potential loss under the Certificates. The
Directors consider that the exposure is not material as the Certificates issued have limited recourse to the proceeds of the
investments and hence, amounts due to the Certificate holders are limited to the amount received from the Underlying
Investments.
(b) Capital management

--- Page 155 ---
Mosel Capital Limited 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
8 
FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED) 
(d) Market risk (continued) 
(iii) Price risk 
Price risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of a financial asset will fluctuate because of changes in market 
prices (other than those arising from interest rate risk or currency risk), whether those changes are caused by factors specific 
to the individual financial instrument or its issuer. Price risk is increased due to the leveraged nature of the underlying 
investments however these are documented in the prospectus and the Certificate holders are aware of the risks. 
The Company is exposed to market price risk arising from its Underlying Investments (see note 4 for the fair value of these 
investments). Any price risk to the Company is managed due to the limited recourse nature of the underlying Certificates as 
disclosed in note 7. Therefore the Directors do not believe the Company is subject to any price risk, as this risk is passed on 
to the Certificate holders. 
IFRS 13 Fair Value measurement requires disclosure of fair value measurements to be categorised by level. The levels are 
split between three levels: 
Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level 1). 
Inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly (that is, as 
prices) or indirectly (that is, derived from prices) (Level 2). 
Inputs for asset or liability that are not based on observable market data (that is, unobservable inputs) (Level 3). 
Fair value measurements recognised in the statement of financial position 
The Company's assets and liabilities were classified as follows: 
All assets during the year are measured using fair values falling under Level 2. 
Level 1 
Level 2 
Level 3 
US$ 
US$ 
US$ 
31 December 2019 
38,589,925 
31 December 2018 
33,217,131 
All liabilities during the year are measured using fair values falling under Level 2. 
Level 1 
Level 2 
Level 3 
US$ 
US$ 
US$ 
31 December 2019 
31 December 2018 
All assets during the prior year were measured using fair values falling under Level 2. 
All liabilities during the prior year were measured using fair values falling under Level 2. 
38,589,925 
33,217,131 
The valuation of the underlying investments falls under Level 2 fair value hierarchy. Although the investments are quoted, 
they are not actively traded and the fair values have been derived using observable market data. The fair values are 
calculated by the third party administrators based on the net asset values of the underlying funds. There has been no 
movement in the level under which the assets and liabilities fall during the year. 
20 
Mosel Capital Limited
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
8
FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)
Level 1
Level 2
Level 3
US$
US$
US$
                       -   
        38,589,925 
                       -   
                       -   
        33,217,131 
                       -   
Level 1
Level 2
Level 3
US$
US$
US$
                       -   
        38,589,925 
                       -   
                       -   
        33,217,131 
                       -   
31 December 2019
31 December 2018
All assets during the prior year were measured using fair values falling under Level 2.
All liabilities during the prior year were measured using fair values falling under Level 2.
The valuation of the underlying investments falls under Level 2 fair value hierarchy. Although the investments are quoted,
they are not actively traded and the fair values have been derived using observable market data. The fair values are
calculated by the third party administrators based on the net asset values of the underlying funds. There has been no
movement in the level under which the assets and liabilities fall during the year. 
Price risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of a financial asset will fluctuate because of changes in market
prices (other than those arising from interest rate risk or currency risk), whether those changes are caused by factors specific
to the individual financial instrument or its issuer. Price risk is increased due to the leveraged nature of the underlying
investments however these are documented in the prospectus and the Certificate holders are aware of the risks.
Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level 1).
Inputs for asset or liability that are not based on observable market data (that is, unobservable inputs) (Level 3).
IFRS 13 Fair Value measurement requires disclosure of fair value measurements to be categorised by level. The levels are 
split between three levels:
The Company's assets and liabilities were classified as follows:
All assets during the year are measured using fair values falling under Level 2.
31 December 2019
(iii) Price risk
Inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly (that is, as
prices) or indirectly (that is, derived from prices) (Level 2).
20
(d) Market risk (continued)
31 December 2018
All liabilities during the year are measured using fair values falling under Level 2.
The Company is exposed to market price risk arising from its Underlying Investments (see note 4 for the fair value of these
investments). Any price risk to the Company is managed due to the limited recourse nature of the underlying Certificates as
disclosed in note 7. Therefore the Directors do not believe the Company is subject to any price risk, as this risk is passed on
to the Certificate holders.
For the year ended 31 December 2019
Fair value measurements recognised in the statement of financial position

--- Page 156 ---
Mosel Capital Limited 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
9 
RELATED PARTY DISCLOSURES 
A Kekovska, a Director of the Company, is also a Director of Crestbridge Limited ("Crestbridge") whose affiliates provide 
ongoing administrative services to the Company at normal commercial rates. S Marriott, a Director of the Company, is also a 
Director of Crestbridge Corporate Services Limited ("CCSL") and a senior employee of Crestbridge. During the year 
US$121,528 (2018: US$107,370) was due to Crestbridge in respect of services of which US$30,346 (2018: US$30,010) was 
outstanding at the year end. As these expenses are paid by a third party they have not been recognised in these Financial 
Statements. 
Crestbridge is the affiliate leader of a group of companies of which includes Crestbridge Corporate Services Limited 
(administrator and company secretary to the Company), Crestbridge Fund Administrators Limited (Calculation Agent) and 
Crestbridge Corporate Trustees Limited (share trustee for the Company). 
A Waters, a Director of the Company, is also a Director of Aspect UCITS Fund plc, a sub-fund of which is the investor in the 
Certificate Programme. As the directors fees are paid by a third party, they have not been recognised in these financial 
statements. 
10 
SEGMENTAL REPORTING 
The directors, who together are the Chief Operating Decision Makers, consider that the Company comprises of one operating 
segment and that it operates in the country of incorporation. The Company provides the directors with the financial 
information that is on an aggregated level. As such, there is no segmental information to disclose. 
11 
IMMEDIATE PARENT AND ULTIMATE CONTROLLING PARTY 
The Immediate Parent of the Company is The Mosel Capital Charitable Trust, a trust formed in Jersey for charitable 
purposes. 
The Ultimate Controlling Party of the Company is Crestbridge Corporate Trustees Limited as Trustee of The Mosel Capital 
Charitable Trust. 
12 
EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING YEAR 
As at 31 December 2019, a limited number of cases of an unknown virus had been reported to the World Health Organisation 
("WHO"). Following the subsequent spread of the virus, on 11 March 2020 the WHO declared the COVID-19 outbreak to 
be a pandemic. The identification of the virus post 31 December 2019 as a new coronavirus, and its subsequent 
spread, is considered a non-adjusting event. The value of investments as at 31 December 2019 reflects conditions known 
as at that date and do not factor in the effect of COVID-19 on those investments. As at the date of this report, it is not 
possible to reliably estimate the financial effect (if any) of the virus on the Company's operations or impairment of 
investments. 
21 
Mosel Capital Limited
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
9
RELATED PARTY DISCLOSURES
10
SEGMENTAL REPORTING
11
IMMEDIATE PARENT AND ULTIMATE CONTROLLING PARTY
12
EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING YEAR
21
A Kekovska, a Director of the Company, is also a Director of Crestbridge Limited ("Crestbridge") whose affiliates provide
ongoing administrative services to the Company at normal commercial rates. S Marriott, a Director of the Company, is also a
Director of Crestbridge Corporate Services Limited (“CCSL”) and a senior employee of Crestbridge. During the year
US$121,528 (2018: US$107,370) was due to Crestbridge in respect of services of which US$30,346 (2018: US$30,010) was
outstanding at the year end. As these expenses are paid by a third party they have not been recognised in these Financial
Statements.
Crestbridge is the affiliate leader of a group of companies of which includes Crestbridge Corporate Services Limited
(administrator and company secretary to the Company), Crestbridge Fund Administrators Limited (Calculation Agent) and
Crestbridge Corporate Trustees Limited (share trustee for the Company).
A Waters, a Director of the Company, is also a Director of Aspect UCITS Fund plc, a sub-fund of which is the investor in the
Certificate Programme. As the directors fees are paid by a third party, they have not been recognised in these financial
statements.
The directors, who together are the Chief Operating Decision Makers, consider that the Company comprises of one operating
segment and that it operates in the country of incorporation. The Company provides the directors with the financial
information that is on an aggregated level. As such, there is no segmental information to disclose.
The Immediate Parent of the Company is The Mosel Capital Charitable Trust, a trust formed in Jersey for charitable
purposes.
The Ultimate Controlling Party of the Company is Crestbridge Corporate Trustees Limited as Trustee of The Mosel Capital
Charitable Trust.
As at 31 December 2019, a limited number of cases of an unknown virus had been reported to the World Health Organisation
("WHO"). Following the subsequent spread of the virus, on 11 March 2020 the WHO declared the COVID-19 outbreak to
be a pandemic. The identification of the virus post 31 December 2019 as a new coronavirus, and its subsequent
spread, is considered a non-adjusting event. The value of investments as at 31 December 2019 reflects conditions known
as at that date and do not factor in the effect of COVID-19 on those investments. As at the date of this report, it is not
possible to reliably estimate the financial effect (if any) of the virus on the Company's operations or impairment of
investments.
For the year ended 31 December 2019

--- Page 157 ---
Mosel Capital Limited 
Report and Audited Financial Statements 
For the year ended 31 December 2018 
Mosel Capital 
Limited
Report and Audited 
Financial 
Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2018

--- Page 158 ---
Mosel Capital Limited 
For the year ended 31 December 2018 
CONTENTS PAGE 
Directors' report 
2-3 
Independent auditor's report 
4-7 
Statement of financial position 
8 
Statement of comprehensive income 
9 
Statement of changes in equity 
10 
Statement of cash flows 
11 
Notes to the financial statements 
12-22 
1 
Mosel Capital 
Limited
For the year ended 31 December 2018
CONTENTS 
PAGE
Directors' 
report
Independent 
auditor's 
report
Statement of financial 
position
Statement of comprehensive 
income
Statement of changes in equity
Statement of cash flows
Notes to the financial 
statements
2-3
4-7
12-22

--- Page 159 ---
Mosel Capital Limited 
DIRECTORS' REPORT 
For the year ended 31 December 2018 
The Directors present their Annual Report, together with the audited financial statements (the "financial statements") of Mosel Capital 
Limited (the "Company"), for the year ended 31 December 2018. 
INCORPORATION AND PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES 
The Company was incorporated on 24 October 2013. The principal activity of the Company is to issue unsecured Certificates ("the 
Certificates") under the terms of a US$10,000,000,000 Certificate programme. The Certificates will be issued in series and will provide 
holders with indirect access to various leveraged products holding investments in a range of trading programs. The first series of 
Certificates, being US$1,000,000,000 Certificates, provide direct access to Aspect Diversified Trends Trading Company I, a Limited 
Liability Company incorporated in the Cayman Islands and listed on Euronext Dublin (previously the Irish Stock Exchange). The 
second series of Certificates, being US$1,000,000,000 Certificates, provide direct access to Aspect Systematic Global Macro Trading 
Fund, a sub-fund of Aspect Investment Programmes ICAV, an umbrella asset management vehicle, a Limited Liability Company 
incorporated in Ireland and listed on Euronext Dublin. 
RESULTS AND DIVIDENDS 
The results for the year are set out on page 9. The Directors do not recommend the payment of a dividend for the year (2017: US$ 
nil). 
DIRECTORS 
The Directors who held office during the year and up to the date of this report were: 
A Kekovska 
A Waters 
S Marriott 
COMPANY SECRETARY 
The Secretary of the Company who has been Secretary for the year under review and up to the date for this report is Crestbridge 
Corporate Services Limited. 
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR 
Deloitte LLP have expressed their willingness to continue in office. The Directors have obtained a waiver to dispense with the need to 
hold annual general meetings. As such, under Companies (Jersey) Law 1991, as amended (the "Law"), Deloitte LLP will remain in 
office until formally removed. 
STATEMENT OF DIRECTORS' RESPONSIBILITIES 
The Directors are responsible for preparing the financial statements in accordance with applicable law and regulations. 
The Law requires the Directors to prepare financial statements for each financial year. Under that law the Directors have elected to 
prepare the financial statements in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards ("IFRS") as issued by the 
International Accounting Standards Board. The financial statements are required by law to be properly prepared in accordance with 
the Law. 
International Accounting Standard 1 "Presentation of Financial Statements" requires that financial statements present fairly, for each 
financial year, the Company's financial position, financial performance and cash flows. This requires the faithful representation of the 
effects of transactions, other events and conditions in accordance with the definitions and recognition criteria for assets, liabilities, 
income and expenses set out in the International Accounting Standards Board's 'Framework for the preparation and presentation of 
financial statements'. In virtually all circumstances, a fair presentation will be achieved by compliance with all applicable IFRSs. 
However, the Directors are also required to: 
• 
properly select and apply accounting policies; 
• 
present information, including accounting policies, in a manner that provides relevant, reliable, comparable and 
understandable information; 
• 
provide additional disclosures when compliance with the specific requirements in IFRSs are insufficient to enable users to 
understand the impact of particular transactions, other events and conditions on the Company's financial position and 
financial performance; and 
• 
make an assessment of the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. 
2 
Mosel Capital 
Limited
DIRECTORS' REPORT
For the year ended 31 December 2018
The Directors 
present their 
Annual Report, together 
with the audited 
financial 
statements 
(the "financial 
statements") 
of Mosel Capital
Limited (the "Company"), for the year ended 31 December 2018.
INCORPORATION AND PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES
The Company was incorporated 
on 24 October 2013. The principal 
activity 
of the Company is to issue unsecured 
Certificates 
("the
Certificates") 
under the terms of a US$10,000,000,000 
Certificate 
programme. The Certificates 
will be issued 
in series and will provide
holders 
with indirect 
access to various 
leveraged 
products 
holding 
investments 
in a range of trading 
programs. The first 
series 
of
Certificates, 
being US$1,000,000,000 
Certificates, 
provide 
direct 
access to Aspect Diversified 
Trends Trading 
Company I, a Limited
Liability 
Company incorporated 
in the Cayman Islands 
and listed 
on Euronext 
Dublin 
(previously 
the Irish 
Stock Exchange). 
The
second series 
of Certificates, 
being US$1,000,000,000 
Certificates, 
provide 
direct 
access to Aspect Systematic 
Global Macro Trading
Fund, asub-fund 
of Aspect Investment 
Programmes ICAV, an umbrella 
asset management vehicle, 
a Limited 
Liability 
Company
incorporated 
in Ireland 
and listed 
on Euronext Dublin.
RESULTS AND DIVIDENDS
The results 
for the year are set out on page 9. The Directors 
do not recommend the payment of a dividend 
for the year (2017: US$
nil).
DIRECTORS
The Directors 
who held office 
during the year and up to the date of this report 
were:
A Kekovska
A Waters
S Marriott
COMPANY 
SECRETARY
The Secretary 
of the Company who has been Secretary 
for the year under review and up to the date for this 
report 
is Crestbridge
Corporate 
Services 
Limited.
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR
Deloitte 
LLP have expressed 
their 
willingness 
to continue 
in office. 
The Directors 
have obtained 
a waiver to dispense 
with the need to
hold annual general 
meetings. 
As such, under Companies (Jersey) 
Law 1991, as amended (the "Law"), 
Deloitte 
LLP will 
remain in
office 
until formally 
removed.
STATEMENT OF DIRECTORS' RESPONSIBILITIES
The Directors 
are responsible 
for preparing 
the financial 
statements 
in accordance 
with applicable 
Iaw and regulations.
The Law requires 
the Directors 
to prepare financial 
statements 
for each financial 
year. Under that law the Directors 
have elected 
to
prepare 
the financial 
statements 
in 
accordance 
with 
International 
Financial 
Reporting 
Standards 
("IFRS") 
as issued 
by the
International 
Accounting 
Standards 
Board. The financial 
statements 
are required 
by law to be properly 
prepared 
in accordance 
with
the Law.
International 
Accounting 
Standard 
1 "Presentation 
of Financial 
Statements" 
requires 
that financial 
statements 
present 
fairly, 
for each
financial 
year, the Company's financial 
position, 
financial 
performance 
and cash flows. 
This requires 
the faithful 
representation 
of the
effects 
of transactions, 
other events and conditions 
in accordance 
with the definitions 
and recognition 
criteria 
for assets, 
liabilities,
income and expenses set out in the International 
Accounting 
Standards 
Board's 'Framework 
for the preparation 
and presentation 
of
financial 
statements'. 
In virtually 
all 
circumstances, 
a fair 
presentation 
will 
be achieved 
by compliance 
with 
all 
applicable 
IFRSs.
However, the Directors 
are also required 
to:
• 
properly 
select and apply accounting 
policies;
• 
present 
information, 
including 
accounting 
policies, 
in 
a manner that 
provides 
relevant, 
reliable, 
comparable 
and
understandable 
information;
provide 
additional 
disclosures 
when compliance 
with the specific 
requirements 
in IFRSs are insufficient 
to enable users to
understand 
the impact 
of particular 
transactions, 
other 
events 
and conditions 
on the Company's financial 
position 
and
financial 
performance; 
and
• 
make an assessment of the Company's ability 
to continue 
as a going concern.

--- Page 160 ---
Mosel Capital Limited 
DIRECTORS' REPORT (CONTINUED) 
For the year ended 31 December 2018 
STATEMENT OF DIRECTORS' RESPONSIBILITIES (CONTINUED) 
The Directors are responsible for keeping proper accounting records that disclose with reasonable accuracy at any time the financial 
position of the Company at that time and to enable them to ensure that any financial statements comply with the Law. They are also 
responsible for safeguarding the assets of the Company and hence for taking reasonable steps for the prevention and detection of 
fraud and other irregularities. 
Approved by the Board of Directors 
and signed on behalf of the Board 
Secretary 
--
Date: 3
 
_ 
• 
/11 
el 
Registered Office 
47 Esplanade 
St Helier 
Jersey 
JEI OBD 
3 
Mosel Capital 
Limited
DIRECTORS' REPORT 
(CONTINUED)
For the year ended 31 December 2018
STATEMENT OF DIRECTORS' RESPONSIBILITIES (CONTINUED)
The Directors 
are responsible 
for keeping proper accounting 
records 
that disclose 
with reasonable 
accuracy at any time the financial
position 
of the Company at that time and to enable them to ensure that any financial 
statements 
comply with the Law. They are also
responsible 
for safeguarding 
the assets of the Company and hence for taking 
reasonable 
steps for the prevention 
and detection 
of
fraud and other irregularities.
Approved by the Board of Directors
and signed on behalf of the Board
Secretary
Date: ~ ( /,~ 
j
Registered 
Office /
47 Esplanade
St Helier
Jersey
JE1 OBD

--- Page 161 ---
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT TO THE MEMBERS OF MOSEL CAPITAL LIMITED 
Report on the audit of the financial statements 
Opinion 
In our opinion the financial statements: 
• 
give a true and fair view of the state of the company's affairs as at 31 December 
2018 and of the company's profit for the year then ended; 
• 
have been properly prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting 
Standards (IFRSs) as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board 
(IASB); and 
• 
have been properly prepared in accordance with Companies (Jersey) Law, 1991. 
We 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
have audited the financial statements of Mosel Capital Limited (the 'Company') which comprise: 
the statement of financial position; 
the statement of comprehensive income; 
the statement of changes in equity; 
the statement of cash flows; and 
the related notes 1 to 13. 
The financial reporting framework that has been applied in their preparation is applicable law and 
IFRSs as issued by the IASB. 
Basis for opinion; 
We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (UK) (ISAs (UK)) and 
applicable law. Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the auditor's 
responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements section of our report. 
We are independent of the Company in accordance with the ethical requirements that are relevant to 
our audit of the financial statements in the UK, including the Financial Reporting Council's Ethical 
Standard as applied to listed entities, and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in 
accordance with these requirements. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient 
and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. 
Summary of our audit approach 
Key audit matters 
Materiality 
The key audit matter that we identified in the current year relates to the 
valuation of the Company's investments held as at the year end. 
The materiality that we used for the Company financial statements was 
$663,300 which was determined on the basis of 2% of total assets. 
Conclusions relating to going concern 
We are required by ISAs (UK) to report in respect of the following 
We have nothing to 
matters where: 
report in respect of these 
• 
the directors' use of the going concern basis of accounting in 
matters. 
preparation of the financial statements is not appropriate; or 
• 
the directors have not disclosed in the financial statements 
any identified material uncertainties that may cast significant 
doubt about the Company's ability to continue to adopt the 
going concern basis of accounting for a period of at least 
twelve months from the date when the financial statements 
are authorised for issue. 
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT TO THE MEMBERS 
OF MOSEL CAPITAL LIMITED
Report on the audit of the financial 
statements
Opinion
In our opinion 
the financial 
statements:
• 
give a true and fair 
view of the state of the company's affairs 
as at 31 December
2018 and of the company's profit 
for the year then ended;
• 
have been properly 
prepared 
in accordance 
with International 
Financial 
Reporting
Standards (IFRSs) as issued by the International 
Accounting 
Standards 
Board
(IASB); 
and
• 
have been properly 
prepared 
in accordance 
with Companies (Jersey) 
Law, 1991.
We have audited 
the financial 
statements 
of Mosel Capital 
Limited 
(the 'Company') 
which comprise:
• 
the statement 
of financial 
position;
• 
the statement 
of comprehensive 
income;
• 
the statement 
of changes in equity;
• 
the statement 
of cash flows; 
and
• 
the related 
notes 1 to 13.
The financial 
reporting 
framework that has been applied 
in their 
preparation 
is applicable 
law and
IFRSs as issued 
by the IASB.
Basis for opinion
We conducted 
our audit 
in accordance 
with International 
Standards 
on Auditing 
(UK) (ISAs (UK)) and
applicable 
law. Our responsibilities 
under those standards 
are further 
described 
in the auditor's
responsibilities 
for the audit of the financial 
statements 
section 
of our report.
We are independent 
of the Company in accordance 
with the ethical 
requirements 
that are relevant 
to
our audit of the financial 
statements 
in the UK, including 
the Financial 
Reporting 
Council's 
Ethical
Standard 
as applied 
to listed 
entities, 
and we have fulfilled 
our other ethical 
responsibilities 
in
accordance 
with these requirements. 
We believe 
that the audit evidence we have obtained 
is sufficient
and appropriate 
to provide 
a basis for our opinion.
Summary of our audit approach
- 
The key audit 
matter that we identified 
in the current 
year relates 
to the
valuation 
of the Company's investments 
held as at the year end.
The materiality 
that we used for the Company financial 
statements 
was
$663,300 which was determined 
on the basis of 2% of total 
assets.
Conclusions 
relating 
to going concern
We are required 
by ISAs (UK) to report 
in respect 
of the following 
We have nothing 
to
matters 
where: 
report 
in respect 
of these
• 
the directors' 
use of the going concern 
basis of accounting 
in 
matters.
preparation 
of the financial 
statements 
is not appropriate; 
or
• 
the directors 
have not disclosed 
in the financial 
statements
any identified 
material 
uncertainties 
that may cast significant
doubt about the Company's ability 
to continue 
to adopt the
going concern 
basis of accounting 
for a period 
of at least
twelve 
months from the date when the financial 
statements
are authorised 
for issue.

--- Page 162 ---
Key audit matters 
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in 
our audit of the financial statements of the current period and include the most significant assessed 
risks of material misstatement (whether or not due to fraud) that we identified. These matters 
included those which had the greatest effect on: the overall audit strategy, the allocation of resources 
in the audit; and directing the efforts of the engagement team. 
These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the financial statements as a whole, and 
in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters. 
Valuation of investments 
Key audit matter 
The Company's investments have a total fair value of $30.2m (2017: $36.8m) 
description 
as at 31 December 2018. This is comprised solely of investments in a variety 
of leveraged products that hold investments. The fair value of the investments 
is based upon the underlying Net Asset Value of the underlying leveraged 
products. The judgement associated with the valuation of the investments 
therefore arises from the risk of errors or deliberate manipulation of the 
underlying valuations or of recorded investment holdings that could result in 
material misstatement of the financial statements. Details of the investments 
are disclosed in note 4 and the accounting policies relating to them are 
disclosed in note 2. 
Investments are the most quantitatively significant balance in the Statement of 
Financial Position of Mosel Capital Limited and are an area of focus as they drive 
the distributable assets of the Company. The fair values of the investments held 
are based on the market conditions and other available information. 
How the scope of 
our audit 
responded to the 
key audit matter 
In order to test the investments balance as at 31 December 2018 we performed 
the following procedures: 
• 
Assessed the design and implementation of controls relating to the valuation 
of 
investments, 
including 
controls 
adopted 
by 
the 
Company's 
administrators; 
Evaluated the valuation policy and methodology adopted by management 
in comparison to IFRS and industry practice; 
Reconciled the number of underlying equity shares held by the Company as 
at 31 December 2018 to independently received custodian confirmations; 
• 
Obtained independent pricing information from custodians as at 31 
December 2018 in order to recalculate the fair value of all of the 
investments held the Company; 
• 
Obtained the signed financial statements of the underlying investments in 
order to compare the value per the signed finanical statement to the fair 
value recorded and consider any other factors that would affect the fair 
value held by the Company; and 
• 
Tested the initial cost and cut-off of investment transactions by agreeing 
the purchase and sale of a sample of the Company investments to 
independent confirmations. 
Key observations 
Based on our audit work, we concluded that the valuation of the 
investment was appropriate. 
Our application of materiality 
We define materiality as the magnitude of misstatement in the financial statements that makes it 
probable that the economic decisions of a reasonably knowledgeable person would be changed or 
influenced. We use materiality both in planning the scope of our audit work and in evaluating the results 
of our work. 
Based on our professional judgement, we determined materiality for the financial statements as a whole 
as follows: 
Key audit 
matters
Key audit 
matters 
are those matters 
that, 
in our professional 
judgement, 
were of most significance 
in
our audit of the financial 
statements 
of the current 
period 
and include 
the most significant 
assessed
risks 
of material 
misstatement 
(whether 
or not due to fraud) that we identified. 
These matters
included 
those which had the greatest 
effect 
on: the overall 
audit strategy, 
the allocation 
of resources
in the audit; 
and directing 
the efforts 
of the engagement team.
These matters 
were addressed 
in the context 
of our audit of the financial 
statements 
as a whole, and
in forming 
our opinion 
thereon, 
and we do not provide 
a separate 
opinion 
on these matters.
Key audit 
matter
The Company's investments 
have a total 
fair 
value of $30.2m (2017: $36.8m)
description
as at 31 December 2018. This is comprised 
solely 
of investments 
in a variety
of leveraged 
products 
that hold investments. 
The fair 
value of the investments
o
is based upon the underlying 
Net Asset Value of the underlying 
leveraged
products. 
The judgement associated 
with the valuation 
of the investments
therefore 
arises from the risk of errors 
or deliberate 
manipulation 
of the
underlying 
valuations 
or of recorded 
investment 
holdings 
that could result 
in
material 
misstatement 
of the financial 
statements. 
Details 
of the investments
are disclosed 
in note 4 and the accounting 
policies 
relating 
to them are
disclosed 
in note 2.
Investments 
are the most quantitatively 
significant 
balance 
in the Statement 
of
Financial 
Position 
of Mosel Capital 
Limited 
and are an area of focus as they drive
the distributable 
assets of the Company. The fair 
values of the investments 
held
are based on the market conditions 
and other available 
information.
How the scope of
In order to test the investments 
balance as at 31 December 2018 we performed
our audit
the following 
procedures:
responded to the
key audit 
matter
Assessed the design and implementation 
of controls 
relating 
to the valuation
of 
investments, 
including 
controls 
adopted 
by 
the 
Company's
administrators;
•
 
Evaluated 
the valuation 
policy 
and methodology 
adopted 
by management
in comparison 
to IFRS and industry 
practice;
•
 
Reconciled 
the number of underlying 
equity 
shares held by the Company as
at 31 December 2018 to independently 
received 
custodian 
confirmations;
•
 
Obtained 
independent 
pricing 
information 
from 
custodians 
as at 31
December 2018 in 
order 
to 
recalculate 
the 
fair 
value 
of 
all 
of the
investments 
held the Company;
•
 
Obtained 
the signed 
financial 
statements 
of the underlying 
investments 
in
order to compare the value 
per the signed 
finanical 
statement 
to the fair
value 
recorded 
and consider 
any other 
factors 
that 
would affect 
the fair
value held by the Company; and
•
 
Tested the initial 
cost and cut-off 
of investment 
transactions 
by agreeing
the 
purchase 
and sale 
of a sample 
of the Company investments 
to
independent 
confirmations.
Key observations
Based on our audit 
work, we concluded 
that the valuation 
of the
O
investment 
was appropriate.
Our application 
of materiality
We define 
materiality 
as the magnitude of misstatement 
in the financial 
statements 
that makes it
probable 
that the economic decisions 
of a reasonably 
knowledgeable 
person would be changed or
influenced. 
We use materiality 
both in planning 
the scope of our audit work and in evaluating 
the results
of our work.
Based on our professional 
judgement, 
we determined 
materiality 
for the financial 
statements 
as a whole
as follows:

--- Page 163 ---
Corn pany 
materiality 
Basis for 
determining 
materiality 
Rationale for the 
benchmark applied 
■ Total assets 
$663,300 (2017: $735,500) 
A percentage of total assets was used for the year ended 31 
December 2018 being 2% (2017: 2%). 
Total assets is the key balance considered by the users of the financial 
statements which is consistent with the market approach for such 
entities. 
Total assets 
■ Company materiality 
\\\ 
li
•=11
1111 
Company materiality 
$0.66m 
Board of Director 
reporting threshold 
$0.03m 
We agreed with the Board of Directors that we would report to the Board all audit differences in excess 
of $33,100 (2017: $36,700) for the company, as well as differences below that threshold that, in our 
view, warranted reporting on qualitative grounds. We also report to the Board of Directors on disclosure 
matters that we identified when assessing the overall presentation of the financial statements. 
An overview of the scope of our audit 
Our audit was scoped by obtaining an understanding of the Company and its environment, including 
internal controls, and assessing the risks of material misstatement. 
The Company holds underlying investments in a number of investments. Audit work to respond to the 
risks of material misstatement was performed directly by the audit engagement team. 
The administrator maintains the books and records of the Company. Our audit therefore included 
obtaining an understanding of this service organisation and its relationship with the Company. 
Other information 
The directors are responsible for the other information. The other 
We have nothing to report 
information comprises the information included in the annual report, 
in respect of these 
other than the financial statements and our auditor's report thereon. 
matters. 
Our opinion on the financial statements does not cover the other 
information and we do not express any form of assurance conclusion 
thereon. 
In connection with our audit of the financial statements, our 
responsibility is to read the other information and, in doing so, 
consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with 
the financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or 
otherwise appears to be materially misstated. 
If we identify such material inconsistencies or apparent material 
misstatements, we are required to determine whether there is a 
material misstatement in the financial statements or a material 
misstatement of the other information. If, based on the work we have 
$663,300 (2017: $735,500)
A percentage 
of total 
assets was used for the year ended 31
December 2018 being 2% (2017: 2%).
Total assets 
is the key balance considered 
by the users of the financial
statements 
which is consistent 
with the market approach for such
entities.
Total assets
~ Total assets
n Company materiality
Company materiality
$0.66m
Board of Director
reporting 
threshold
$0.03m
We agreed with the Board of Directors 
that we would report 
to the Board all audit 
differences 
in excess
of $33,100 (2017: $36,700) for the company, as well as differences 
below that threshold 
that, 
in our
view, warranted 
reporting 
on qualitative 
grounds. We also report 
to the Board of Directors 
on disclosure
matters that we identified 
when assessing 
the overall 
presentation 
of the financial 
statements.
An overview 
of the scope of our audit
Our audit was scoped by obtaining 
an understanding 
of the Company and its environment, 
including
internal 
controls, 
and assessing 
the risks 
of material 
misstatement.
The Company holds underlying 
investments 
in a number of investments. 
Audit work to respond to the
risks 
of material 
misstatement 
was performed 
directly 
by the audit engagement team.
The administrator 
maintains 
the books and records 
of the Company. Our audit therefore 
included
obtaining 
an understanding 
of this service 
organisation 
and its relationship 
with the Company.
Other information
The directors 
are responsible 
for the other information. 
The other
information 
comprises the information 
included 
in the annual report,
other than the financial 
statements 
and our auditor's 
report 
thereon.
Our opinion 
on the financial 
statements 
does not cover the other
information 
and we do not express any form of assurance 
conclusion
thereon.
In connection 
with our audit of the financial 
statements, 
our
responsibility 
is to read the other information 
and, in doing so,
consider 
whether the other information 
is materially 
inconsistent 
with
the financial 
statements 
or our knowledge obtained 
in the audit or
otherwise 
appears to be materially 
misstated.
If we identify 
such material 
inconsistencies 
or apparent 
material
misstatements, 
we are required 
to determine 
whether there 
is a
material 
misstatement 
in the financial 
statements 
or a material
misstatement 
of the other information. 
If, based on the work we have
We have nothing 
to report
in respect of these
matters,

--- Page 164 ---
performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this 
other information, we are required to report that fact. 
itesponsibilities of director.: 
As explained more fully in the statement of directors' responsibilities, the directors are responsible for 
the preparation of the financial statements and for being satisfied that they give a true and fair view, 
and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of 
financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error. 
In preparing the financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the company's ability 
to continue as a going concern, disclosing as applicable, matters related to going concern and using 
the going concern basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the company or to 
cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so. 
Auditor's responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements 
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole 
are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor's report 
that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee 
that an audit conducted in accordance with ISAs (UK) will always detect a material misstatement when 
it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in 
the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken 
on the basis of these financial statements. 
A further description of our responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements is located on the 
Financial Reporting Council's website at: www.frc.org.uk/auditorsresponsibilities. This description 
forms part of our auditor's report. 
Report on other legal and regulatory requirements 
Matters on which we are required to report by exception 
Adequacy of explanations received and accounting records 
Under the Companies (Jersey) Law, 1991 we are required to report to 
We have nothing to report 
you if, in our opinion: 
in respect of these matters, 
• 
we have not received all the information and explanations we 
require for our audit; or 
• 
proper accounting records have not been kept by the 
company, or proper returns adequate for our audit have not 
been received; or 
• 
the financial statements are not in agreement with the 
accounting records and returns. 
Use of our report 
This report is made solely to the company's members, as a body, in accordance with Article 113A of 
the Companies (Jersey) Law, 1991. Our audit work has been undertaken so that we might state to the 
company's members those matters we are required to state to them in an auditor's report and for no 
other purpose. To the fullest extent permitted by law, we do not accept or assume responsibility to 
anyone other than the company and the company's members as a body, for our audit work, for this 
report, or for the opinions we have formed. 
Airea-A' 
Theo Brennand, BA, FCA 
Recognized auditor 
For and on behalf of Deloitte LLP 
Jersey, St Helier 
Date: 
31 July 2019 
performed, 
we conclude that there 
is a material 
misstatement 
of this
other information, 
we are required 
to report 
that fact.
Responsibilities 
of directors
As explained 
more fully 
in the statement 
of directors' 
responsibilities, 
the directors 
are responsible 
for
the preparation 
of the financial 
statements 
and for being satisfied 
that they give a true and fair 
view,
and for such internal 
control 
as the directors 
determine 
is necessary 
to enable the preparation 
of
financial 
statements 
that are free from material 
misstatement, 
whether due to fraud 
or error.
In preparing 
the financial 
statements, 
the directors 
are responsible 
for assessing 
the company's 
ability
to continue 
as a going concern, 
disclosing 
as applicable, 
matters 
related 
to going concern and using
the going concern 
basis of accounting 
unless the directors 
either 
intend 
to liquidate 
the company or to
cease operations, 
or have no realistic 
alternative 
but to do so.
Auditor's 
responsibilities 
for the audit of the financial 
statements
Our objectives 
are to obtain 
reasonable 
assurance about whether the financial 
statements 
as a whole
are free from material 
misstatement, 
whether due to fraud or error, 
and to issue an auditor's 
report
that includes 
our opinion. 
Reasonable assurance 
is a high level 
of assurance, 
but is not a guarantee
that an audit conducted 
in accordance 
with ISAs (UK) will 
always detect 
a material 
misstatement 
when
it exists. 
Misstatements 
can arise from fraud 
or error and are considered 
material 
if, individually 
or in
the aggregate, 
they could reasonably 
be expected 
to influence 
the economic decisions 
of users taken
on the basis of these financial 
statements.
A further 
description 
of our responsibilities 
for the audit of the financial 
statements 
is located 
on the
Financial 
Reporting 
Council's 
website 
at: www.frc.org.uk/auditorsresponsibilities. 
This description
forms part of our auditor's 
report.
Report on other legal 
and regulatory 
requirements
Matters 
on which we are required 
to report 
by exception
Adequacy of explanations 
received 
and accounting 
records
Under the Companies (Jersey) 
Law, 1991 we are required 
to report 
to
you if, 
in our opinion:
• 
we have not received 
all the information 
and explanations 
we
require 
for our audit; 
or
• 
proper accounting 
records 
have not been kept by the
company, or proper returns 
adequate for our audit have not
been received; 
or
• 
the financial 
statements 
are not in agreement with the
accounting 
records and returns.
Use of our report
We have nothing 
to report
in respect of these matters,
This report 
is made solely 
to the company's members, as a body, in accordance 
with Article 
113A of
the Companies (Jersey) 
Law, 1991. Our audit work has been undertaken 
so that we might state 
to the
company's members those matters we are required 
to state to them in an auditor's 
report 
and for no
other purpose. To the fullest 
extent 
permitted 
by law, we do not accept or assume responsibility 
to
anyone other than the company and the company's members as a body, for our audit work, for this
report, 
or for the opinions 
we have formed.
Theo Brennand, BA, FCA
Recognized 
auditor
For and on behalf of Deloitte 
LLP
Jersey, 
St Helier
Date: 
31 July 2019

--- Page 165 ---
Mosel Capital Limited 
STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION 
As at 31 December 2018 
Notes 
31-Dec-18 
31-Dec-17 
Assets 
US$ 
US$ 
Non-Current Assets 
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss 
4 
33,217,131 
36,776,196 
Current Assets 
Trade and other receivables 
6 
1,000 
Cash and cash equivalents 
226 
1,095 
1,226 
1,095 
Total Assets 
33,218,357 
36,777,291 
Equity 
Capital and Reserves Attributable to the Equity 
Holders of the Company 
Share capital 
5 
3 
3 
Accumulated reserves 
1,223 
1,092 
Total Equity 
1,226 
1,095 
Liabilities 
Non-Current Liabilities 
Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss 
7 
33,217,131 
36,776,196 
Total Liabilities 
33,217,131 
36,776,196 
Total Equity and Liabilities 
33,218,357 
36,777,291 
These audited financial statements on pages 8 to 22 were approved and authorised for issue by the Board of Directors on 3k 
20v, 
Signed on behalf of the Board 
Director 
The notes on pages 12 to 22 form an integral part of these financial statements. 
8 
Mosel Capital 
Limited
STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
As at 31 December 2018
Assets
Non-Current 
Assets
Financial 
assets at fair value through 
profit 
or loss
Current Assets
Trade and other receivables
Cash and cash equivalents
Total Assets
Equity
Capital 
and Reserves Attributable 
to the Equity
Holders of the Company
Share capital
Accumulated 
reserves
Total Equity
Liabilities
Non-Current 
Liabilities
Financial 
liabilities 
at fair value through 
profit 
or loss
Total 
Liabilities
Total Equity and Liabilities
Notes 
31-Dec -18 
31-Dec -17
US$ 
US$
4 
33,217,131 
36,776,196
6 
1,000 
-
226 
1,095
1,226 
1,095
33,218,357 
36,777,291
5 
3 
3
1,223 
1,092
1,226 
1,095
7 
33,217,131 
36,776,196
33,217,131 
36,776,196
33,218,357 
36,777,291
These audited 
financial 
statements 
on pages 8 to 22 were approved and authorised 
for issue by the Board of Directors 
on 3 
~ ~~ ~Al~
Signed on behalf of the Board
Director
The notes on pages 12 to 22 form an integral 
part of these financial 
statements.
8

--- Page 166 ---
Mosel Capital Limited 
STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
For the year ended 31 December 2018 
Income 
Notes 
1-Jan-18 
to 
31-Dec-18 
US$ 
1-Jan-17 
to 
31-Dec-17 
US$ 
Bank interest income 
102 
Other income 
2 
1,000 
1,000 
Fair value movement on financial assets at fair value 
through profit or loss 
4 
10,675 
Fair value movement on financial liabilities at fair value 
through profit or loss 
7 
2,534,067 
2,535,169 
11,675 
Expenses 
Fair value movement on financial liabilities at fair value 
through profit or loss 
7 
10,675 
Fair value movement on financial assets at fair value 
through profit or loss 
4 
2,534,067 
Bank charges 
971 
190 
2,535,038 
10,865 
Total Comprehensive Income 
attributable to Equity Holders of the Company 
131 
810 
All results in the current year and prior year result from continuing operations. 
The notes on pages 12 to 22 form an integral part of these financial statements. 
9 
Mosel Capital 
Limited
STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE 
INCOME
For the year ended 31 December 2018
1-Jan -18
1-Jan -17
to
to
Notes
31-Dec -18
31-Dec -17
US$
US$
Income
Bank interest 
income
~ 02
Other income
2
1,000
1,000
Fair value movement on financial 
assets at fair value
through 
profit 
or loss
4
-
10,675
Fair value movement on financial 
liabilities 
at fair value
through 
profit 
or loss
7
2,534,067
-
2,535,169
11,675
Expenses
Fair value movement on financial 
liabilities 
at fair value
through 
profit 
or loss
7
-
10,675
Fair value movement on financial 
assets at fair value
through 
profit 
or loss
4
2,534,067
-
Bank charges
971
190
2,535,038
10,865
Total Comprehensive Income
attributable 
to Equity Holders of the Company 
131 
810
All results 
in the current 
year and prior 
year result from continuing 
operations.
The notes on pages 12 to 22 form an integral 
part of these financial 
statements.
9

--- Page 167 ---
Mosel Capital Limited 
STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY 
For the year ended 31 December 2018 
Share 
Capital 
US$ 
Accumulated 
Reserves 
US$ 
Total 
US$ 
As at 1 January 2018 
3 
1,092 
1,095 
Total comprehensive income for the year 
131 
131 
As at 31 December 2018 
3 
1,223 
1,226 
Share 
Accumulated 
Capital 
Reserves 
Total 
US$ 
US$ 
US$ 
As at 1 January 2017 
3 
282 
285 
Total comprehensive income for the year 
810 
810 
As at 31 December 2017 
3 
1,092 
1,095 
The notes on pages 12 to 22 form an integral part of these financial statements. 
10 
Mosel Capital 
Limited
STATEMENT OF CHANGES 
IN EQUITY
For the year ended 31 December 2018
As at 1 January 2018
Total comprehensive 
income for the year
As at 31 December 2018
As at 1 January 2017
Total comprehensive 
income for the year
As at 31 December 2017
Share 
Accumulated
Capital 
Reserves 
Total
US$ 
US$ 
US$
3 
1,092 
1,095
- 
131 
131
3 
1,223 
1,226
Share 
Accumulated
Capital 
Reserves 
Total
US$ 
US$ 
US$
3 
282 
285
- 
810 
810
3 
1,092 
1,095
The notes on pages 12 to 22 form an integral 
part of these financial 
statements.
10

--- Page 168 ---
Mosel Capital Limited 
STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS 
For the year ended 31 December 2018 
Notes 
31-Dec-18 
31-Dec-17 
US$ 
US$ 
Cash flows from operating activities 
Total comprehensive income for the year 
131 
810 
Fair value movement on financial assets at fair value through profit or loss 
4 
2,534,067 
(10,675) 
Fair value movement on financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss 
7 
(2,534,067) 
10,675 
Increase in receivables 
(1,000) 
Decrease in trade and other payables 
- 
(315) 
Net cash (outflow)/inflow from operating activities 
(869) 
495 
Cash flows from investing activities 
Purchase of investments 
(25,599,995) 
(13,999,995) 
Sale of investments 
26,624,993 
2,999,999 
Net cash inflow/(outflow) from investing activities 
1,024,998 
(10,999,996) 
Cash flows from financing activities 
Issue of Certificates 
25,599,995 
13,999,995 
Redemption of Certificates 
(26,624,993) 
(2,999,999) 
Net cash (outflow)/inflow from financing activities 
(1,024,998) 
10,999,996 
(Decrease)/increase in cash and cash equivalents 
(869) 
495 
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year 
1,095 
600 
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year 
226 
1,095 
The notes on pages 12 to 22 form an integral part of these financial statements. 
11 
Mosel Capital 
Limited
STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
For the year ended 31 December 2018
Cash flows from operating 
activities
Total comprehensive 
income for the year
Fair value movement on f nancial 
assets at fair value through 
profit 
or loss
Fair value movement on financial 
liabilities 
at fair 
value through 
profit 
or loss
Increase 
in receivables
Decrease in trade and other payables
Net cash (outflow)/inflow 
from operating 
activities
Cash flows from investing 
activities
Purchase of investments
Sale of investments
Net cash inflow/(outflow) 
from investing 
activities
Cash flows from financing 
activities
Issue of Certificates
Redemption of Certificates
Net cash (outflow)/inflow 
from financing 
activities
(Decrease)/increase 
in cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents 
at the beginning 
of the year
Cash and cash equivalents 
at the end of the year
Notes 
31-Dec -18 
31-Dec -17
US$ 
US$
131 
810
4 
2,534,067 
(10,675)
7 
(2,534,067) 
10,675
(1,000) 
-
- 
(315)
(869) 
495
(25,599,995) 
(13,999,995)
26,624,993 
2,999,999
1,024,998 
(10,999,996)
25,599, 995 
13,999,995
(26,624,993) 
(2,999,999)
(1.024,998) 
10,999,996
(869) 
495
The notes on pages 12 to 22 form an integral 
part of these financial 
statements.
1,095 
600
226 
1,095

--- Page 169 ---
Mosel Capital Limited 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2018 
1 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
The Company's principal place of business is at 47 Esplanade, St. Helier, Jersey JE1 OBD. The Company was incorporated 
on 24 October 2013 under the Companies (Jersey) Law 1991. The principal activity of the Company is to issue unsecured 
Certificates (the "Certificates") under the terms of a US$10,000,000,000 Certificate programme. The Certificates will be 
issued in series and will provide holders with indirect access to various leveraged products holding investments in a range of 
trading programs. 
The first and second series of Certificates, each being US$1,000,000,000 Certificates, provide direct access to the following 
programmes (the "Investment Programmes"): 
Aspect Diversified Trends Trading Company I - A Limited Liability Company, incorporated in the Cayman Islands and listed 
on Euronext Dublin. 
Aspect Systematic Global Macro Trading Fund - A Limited Liability Company, incorporated in Ireland and listed on Euronext 
Dublin. 
2 
PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES 
The following accounting policies have been applied consistently throughout the years presented in dealing with items which 
are considered to be material in relation to the Company's audited financial statements (the "finanancial statements"). 
Basis of accounting 
These financial statements have been prepared on a historical cost basis, except for financial assets and financial liabilities 
designated at fair value through profit or loss which have all been measured at fair value. The financial statements are 
presented in United States Dollars ("US$"). 
Statement of compliance 
The financial statements of the Company have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards 
("IFRS") as issued by the International Accounting Standard Board ("IASB"). 
Going concern 
The Directors have prepared the financial statements of the Company on a going concern basis. As discussed below the 
expenses of the Company, are paid by Aspect Diversified Trends Trading Company I and Aspect Investment Programmes 
ICAV acting in respect of its sub-fund Aspect Systematic Global Macro Trading Fund ("Aspect"), pursuant to Expenses 
Agreements dated 4 December 2013 and 2 July 2018 respectively. The unsecured Certificates are limited recourse as the 
principal repayment of each series is linked to the value for the financial assets. The Directors have therefore prepared the 
financial statements on a going concern basis. 
New and amended standards adopted for the year ended 31 December 2018 
The Company has applied the following standards and amendments for the first time for their annual reporting period 
commencing 1 January 2018: 
• 
IFRS 9 — Financial Instruments 
• 
IFRS 15 - Revenue from Contracts with Customers 
The nature and the impact of each new standard and amendment is described below: . 
IFRS 9 Financial Instruments 
The Company adopted IFRS 9 'Financial Instruments' on its effective date of 1 January 2018. IFRS 9 replaces IAS 39 
'Financial Instruments: Recognition and Measurement' and introduces new requirements for classification and measurement, 
impairment and hedge accounting. IFRS 9 is not applicable to items that have already been derecognised at 1 January 2018, 
the date of initial application. 
12 
Mosel Capital 
Limited
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2018
1 
GENERAL INFORMATION
The Company's principal 
place of business 
is at 47 Esplanade, 
St. Helier, 
Jersey JE1 OBD. The Company was incorporated
on 24 October 2013 under the Companies (Jersey) 
Law 1991. The principal 
activity 
of the Company is to issue unsecured
Certificates 
(the 
"Certificates") 
under the terms of a US$10,000,000,000 
Certificate 
programme. The Certificates 
will 
be
issued 
in series 
and will 
provide 
holders 
with indirect 
access to various 
leveraged 
products 
holding 
investments 
in a range of
trading 
programs.
The first 
and second series 
of Certificates, 
each being US$1,000,000,000 
Certificates, 
provide 
direct 
access to the fallowing
programmes (the "Investment 
Programmes"):
Aspect Diversified 
Trends Trading Company I - A Limited 
Liability 
Company, incorporated 
in the Cayman Islands 
and listed
on Euronext Dublin.
Aspect Systematic 
Giobal Macro Trading Fund - A Limited 
Liability 
Company, incorporated 
in Ireland 
and listed 
on Euronext
Dublin.
2 
PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING 
POLICIES
The following 
accounting 
policies 
have been applied 
consistently 
throughout 
the years presented 
in dealing 
with items which
are considered 
to be material 
in relation 
to the Company's audited 
financial 
statements 
(the "finanancial 
statements").
Basis of accounting
These financial 
statements 
have been prepared 
on a historical 
cost basis, except for financial 
assets and financial 
liabilities
designated 
at fair 
value through 
profit 
or loss which have all been measured at fair 
value. 
The financial 
statements 
are
presented 
in United States Dollars ("US$").
Statement of compliance
The financial 
statements 
of the Company have been prepared 
in accordance 
with International 
Financial 
Reporting 
Standards
("IFRS") as issued by the International 
Accounting 
Standard 
Board ("IASB").
Going concern
The Directors 
have prepared 
the financial 
statements 
of the Company on a going concern 
basis. 
As discussed 
below the
expenses of the Company, are paid by Aspect Diversified 
Trends Trading 
Company I and Aspect Investment 
Programmes
ICAV acting 
in respect 
of its sub -fund 
Aspect Systematic 
Global 
Macro Trading 
Fund ("Aspect'), 
pursuant 
to Expenses
Agreements dated 4 December 2013 and 2 July 2018 respectively. 
The unsecured 
Certificates 
are limited 
recourse 
as the
principal 
repayment of each series 
is linked 
to the value for the financial 
assets. 
The Directors 
have therefore 
prepared 
the
financial 
statements 
on a going concern basis.
New and amended standards 
adopted for the year ended 3'I December 2018
The Company has applied 
the following 
standards 
and amendments for the first 
time for 
their 
annual 
reporting 
period
commencing 1 January 2018:
• 
IFRS 9 —Financial 
Instruments
• 
IFRS 15 -Revenue from Contracts 
with Customers
The nature and the impact of each new standard 
and amendment is described 
below: .
IFRS 9 Financial 
Instruments
The Company adopted IFRS 9 `Financial 
Instruments' 
on its 
effective 
date of 1 January 2018. IFRS 9 replaces 
IAS 39
'Financial 
Instruments: 
Recognition 
and Measurement and introduces 
new requirements 
for classification 
and measurement,
impairment 
and hedge accounting. 
IFRS 9 is not applicable 
to items that have already 
been derecognised 
at 1 January 2018,
the date of initial 
application.
IE

--- Page 170 ---
Mosel Capital Limited 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2018 
2 
PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 
(a) Classification and measurement 
The Company has assessed the classification of financial instruments as at the date of initial application and has applied such 
classification retrospectively. Based on that assessment: 
• 
All financial assets previously held at fair value continue to be measured at fair value. 
. 
Financial assets previously classified as loans and receivables are held to collect contractual cash flows and give rise to 
cash flows representing solely payments of principal and interest. Thus, such instruments continue to be measured at 
amortised cost under IFRS 9. 
• 
The classification of financial liabilities under IFRS 9 remains broadly the same as under IAS 39. The main impact on 
measurement from the classification of liabilities under IFRS 9 relates to the element of gains or losses for financial 
liabilities designated as at FVPL attributable to changes in credit risk. IFRS 9 requires that such element be recognised 
in other comprehensive income (OCI), unless this treatment creates or enlarges an accounting mismatch in profit or 
loss, in which case, all gains and losses on that liability (including the effects of changes in credit risk) should be 
presented in profit or loss. 
(b) Impairment 
IFRS 9 requires the Company to record expected credit losses ("ECLs") on all of its debt securities, loans and trade 
receivables, either on a 12-month or lifetime basis. Given the limited exposure of the Company to credit risk, this amendment 
has not had a material impact on the financial statements. The Company only holds trade receivables with no financing 
component and that have maturities of less than 12 months at amortised cost. Therefore, it has adopted an approach similar 
to the simplified approach to ECLs. 
Impact of adoption of IFRS 9 
The classification and measurement requirements of IFRS 9 have been adopted retrospectively as of the date of initial 
application on 1 January 2018. However, the Company has chosen to take advantage of the option not to restate 
comparatives. Therefore, the 2017 figures are presented and measured under IAS 39. The following table shows the original 
measurement categories in accordance with IAS 39 and the new measurement categories under IFRS 9 for the Company's 
financial assets and financial liabilities as at 1 January 2018: 
Financial assets 
IAS 39 
IFRS 9 
Measurement 
IFRS 9 
Measurement 
1 January 2018 
IAS 39 Classification 
US$ 
Classification 
US$ 
Equity instruments 
Held for trading at FVPL 
36,776,196 
FVPL 
36,776,196 
Cash and cash equivalents 
Amortised cost 
1,095 
Amortised cost 
1,095 
In line with the characteristics of the Company's financial instruments as well as its approach to their management, the 
Company neither revoked nor made any new designations on the date of initial application. IFRS 9 has not resulted in 
changes in the carrying amount of the Company's financial instruments due to changes in measurement categories. All 
financial assets that were classified as FVPL under IAS 39 are still classified as FVPL under IFRS 9. All financial assets that 
were classified as loans and receivables and measured at amortised cost continue to be. 
In addition, the application of the ECL mode/under IFRS 9 has not changed the carrying amounts of the Company's 
amortised cost financial assets. 
The carrying amounts of amortised cost instruments continued to approximate these instruments' fair values on the date of 
transition after transitioning to IFRS 9. 
IFRS 15 Revenue from contracts with customers 
The Company adopted IFRS 15 Revenue from contracts with customers on its effective date of 1 January 2018. IFRS 15 
replaces IAS 18 Revenue and establishes a five-step model to account for revenue arising from contracts with customers. In 
addition, guidance on interest and dividend income has been moved from IAS 18 to IFRS 9 without significant changes to the 
requirements. Therefore, there was no impact of adopting IFRS 15 for the Company. 
13 
Mosel Capital 
Limited
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2018
2 
PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING 
POLICIES (CONTINUED)
(a) 
Classification 
and measurement
The Company has assessed the classification 
of financial 
instruments 
as at the date of initial 
application 
and has applied 
such
classification 
retrospectively. 
Based on that assessment:
• 
All financial 
assets previously 
held at fair value continue 
to be measured at fair value.
Financial 
assets previously 
classified 
as loans and receivables 
are held to collect 
contractual 
cash flows and give rise to
cash flows representing 
solely 
payments of principal 
and interest. 
Thus, such instruments 
continue 
to be measured at
amortised 
cost under IFRS 9.
• The classification 
of financial 
liabilities 
under IFRS 9 remains broadly 
the same as under IAS 39. The main impact on
measurement from the classification 
of liabilities 
under IFRS 9 relates 
to the element of gains or losses for financial
liabilities 
designated 
as at FVPL attributable 
to changes in credit 
risk. 
IFRS 9 requires 
that such element be recognised
in other comprehensive 
income (OCI), 
unless 
this treatment 
creates 
or enlarges 
an accounting 
mismatch 
in profit 
or
loss, 
in which case, 
all 
gains and losses 
on that 
liability 
(including 
the effects 
of changes in credit 
risk) 
should 
be
presented 
in profit 
or loss.
(b) 
Impairment
IFRS 9 requires 
the Company to record 
expected 
credit 
losses ("ECLs") 
on all 
of its 
debt securities, 
loans and trade
receivables, 
either 
on a 12-month or lifetime 
basis. Given the limited 
exposure of the Company to credit 
risk, 
this amendment
has not had a material 
impact on the financial 
statements. 
The Company only holds trade 
receivables 
with no financing
component and that have maturities 
of less than 12 months at amortised 
cost. Therefore, 
it has adopted an approach similar
to the simplified 
approach to ECLs.
Impact of adoption 
of IFRS 9
The classification 
and measurement requirements 
of IFRS 9 have been adopted 
retrospectively 
as of the date of initial
application 
on 1 January 
2018. However, the Company has chosen to take advantage 
of the option 
not to restate
comparatives. 
Therefore, 
the 2017 figures 
are presented 
and measured under IAS 39. The following 
table shows the original
measurement categories 
in accordance 
with IAS 39 and the new measurement categories 
under IFRS 9 for the Company's
financial 
assets and financial 
liabilities 
as at 1 January 2018:
Financial 
assets
IAS 39
IFRS 9
Measurement
IFRS 9
Measurement
1 January 2018 
IAS 39 Classification
US$
Classification
US$
Equity instruments 
Held for trading 
at FVPL
36,776,196
FVPL
36,776,196
Cash and cash equivalents 
Amortised 
cost
1,095
Amortised 
cost
1,095
In line 
with the characteristics 
of the Company's financial 
instruments 
as well as its approach 
to their 
management, the
Company neither 
revoked 
nor made any new designations 
on the date of initial 
application. 
IFRS 9 has not resulted 
in
changes in the carrying 
amount of the Company's financial 
instruments 
due to changes in measurement categories. 
All
financial 
assets that were classified 
as FVPL under IAS 39 are still 
classified 
as FVPL under IFRS 9. All financial 
assets that
were classified 
as loans and receivables 
and measured at amortised 
cost continue 
to be.
In addition, 
the application 
of the ECL mode/under 
IFRS 9 has not changed the carrying 
amounts of the Company's
amortised 
cost financial 
assets.
The carrying 
amounts of amortised 
cost instruments 
continued 
to approximate 
these instruments' 
fair 
values on the date of
transition 
after 
transitioning 
to IFRS 9.
IFRS 15 Revenue from contracts 
with customers
The Company adopted IFRS 15 Revenue from contracts 
with customers 
on its effective 
date of 1 January 2018. IFRS 15
replaces 
IAS 18 Revenue and establishes 
afive-step 
model to account for revenue arising 
from contracts 
with customers. 
In
addition, 
guidance on interest 
and dividend 
income has been moved from IAS 18 to IFRS 9 without 
significant 
changes to the
requirements. 
Therefore, 
there was no impact of adopting 
IFRS 15 for the Company.
13

--- Page 171 ---
Mosel Capital Limited 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2018 
2 
PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 
New standards and interpretations not yet adopted 
Standards issued but not yet effective up to the reporting date of the audited financial 
Amendments to IFRS 9 (Oct 17) 
IFRS 16 Leases 
IFRIC 23 Uncertainty over income tax treatments 
Amendments to IAS 28 (Oct 20717) 
Annual Improvements to IFRSs: 2015-2017 Cycle (Dec 2017) 
Amendments to References to the Conceptual Framework in IFRS Standards 
Amendments to IFRS 3 — Definition of a Business 
Amendments to IAS 1 and IAS 8 (Oct 2018) - Definition of Material 
statements are listed below: 
For annual periods commencing 
1 January 2019 
1 January 2019 
1 January 2019 
1 January 2019 
1 January 2019 
1 January 2020 
1 January 2020 
1 January 2020 
The evaluation of the impact on the financial statements in respect of the: disclosures; classification; and, measurement on 
adoption of the standards in issue but not yet effective for periods beginning on or after 1 January 2019 has not been finalised 
and is currently being assessed by the Directors. 
Financial instruments 
In the current period, the Company has adopted IFRS 9 Financial Instruments. See above for an explanation of the impact. 
Comparative figures for the year ended 31 December 2017 have not been restated. Therefore, financial instruments in the 
comparative period are still accounted for in accordance with IAS 39 Financial Instruments: Recognition and Measurement. 
1. Accounting policies applied from 1 January 2018 
1.1 Classification 
From 1 January 2018, the Company classifies its financial assets and financial liabilities in the following measurement 
categories: 
• 
those to be measured subsequently at fair value, and 
• 
those to be measured at amortised cost. 
The classification partly depends on the Company's business model for managing the financial instruments and the 
contractual terms of the cash flows. 
Assets measured at fair value are Financial Assets at FVPL and Financial Assets at Fair Value through Other Comprehensive 
Income ("FVOCI"), gains and losses of which will be recorded in profit or loss or other comprehensive income ("OCI") 
respectively. For investments in equity instruments that are not held for trading, this will depend on whether the Company has 
made an irrevocable election at the time of initial recognition to account for the equity investment at FVOCI. No such 
irrevocable election has been made. 
The Company reclassifies debt investments when and only when its business model for managing those assets changes. 
1.2 Recognition and initial measurement 
Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognised when the Company becomes a party to the contractual provisions of 
the financial instrument and are measured initially at fair value adjusted for transaction costs, except for those carried at fair 
value through profit or loss which are measured initially at fair value. 
1.3 Subsequent measurement of financial assets and liabilities 
Financial assets 
Debt instruments 
Subsequent measurement of debt instruments depends on the company's business model for managing the asset and the 
cash flow characteristics of the asset. There are three measurement categories into which the Company classifies its debt 
instruments: 
• 
Amortised cost: Assets that are held for collection of contractual cash flows where those cash flows represent solely 
payments of principal and interest are measured at amortised cost. Interest income from these financial assets is 
included in finance income using the effective interest rate method. Any gain or loss arising on derecognition is 
recognised directly in profit or loss and presented in other gains/(losses) together with foreign exchange gains and 
losses. Impairment losses are presented as separate line item in the Statement of Comprehensive Income. 
14 
Mosel Capital 
Limited
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2018
2 
PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING 
POLICIES (CONTINUED)
New standards 
and interpretations 
not yet adopted
Standards issued but not yet effective 
up to the reporting 
date of the audited 
financial 
statements 
are listed 
below:
For annual periods commencing
Amendments to IFRS 9 (Oct 17) 
1 January 2019
IFRS 16 Leases 
1 January 2019
IFRIC 23 Uncertainty 
over income tax treatments 
1 January 2019
Amendments to IAS 28 (Oct 20717) 
1 January 2019
Annual Improvements to IFRSs: 2015-2017 Cycle (Dec 2017) 
1 January 2019
Amendments to References to the Conceptual 
Framework in IFRS Standards 
1 January 2020
Amendments to IFRS 3 —Definition 
of a Business 
1 January 2020
Amendments to IAS 1 and IAS 8 (Oct 2018) —Definition 
of Material 
1 January 2020
The evaluation 
of the impact on the financial 
statements 
in respect 
of the: disclosures; 
classification; 
and, measurement on
adoption 
of the standards 
in issue but not yet effective 
for periods 
beginning 
on or after 
1 January 2019 has not been finalised
and is currently 
being assessed by the Directors.
Financial 
instruments
In the current 
period, 
the Company has adopted IFRS 9 Financial 
Instruments. 
See above for an explanation 
of the impact.
Comparative 
figures 
for the year ended 31 December 2017 have not been restated. 
Therefore, 
financial 
instruments 
in the
comparative 
period are still 
accounted for in accordance 
with IAS 39 Financial 
Instruments: 
Recognition 
and Measurement.
1. 
Accounting 
policies 
applied from 1 January 2018
1.1 
Classification
From 1 January 2018, the Company classifies 
its 
financial 
assets 
and financial 
liabilities 
in the following 
measurement
categories:
• those to be measured subsequently 
at fair 
value, and
those to be measured at amortised 
cost.
The classification 
partly 
depends on the Company's business 
model for 
managing 
the financial 
instruments 
and the
contractual 
terms of the cash flows.
Assets measured at fair value are Financial 
Assets at FVPL and Financial 
Assets at Fair Value through 
Other Comprehensive
Income ("FVOCI"), 
gains and losses 
of which 
will 
be recorded 
in 
profit 
or loss or other 
comprehensive 
income ("OCI")
respectively. 
For investments 
in equity instruments 
that are not held for trading, 
this 
will depend on whether the Company has
made an irrevocable 
election 
at the time of initial 
recognition 
to account for the equity 
investment 
at FVOCI. No such
irrevocable 
election 
has been made.
The Company reclassifies 
debt investments 
when and only when its business 
model for managing those assets changes.
1.2 
Recognition 
and initial 
measurement
Financial 
assets and financial 
liabilities 
are recognised 
when the Company becomes a party to the contractual 
provisions 
of
the financial 
instrument 
and are measured initially 
at fair 
value adjusted 
for transaction 
costs, except for those carried 
at fair
value through 
profit 
or loss which are measured initially 
at fair value.
1.3 
Subsequent measurement of financial 
assets and liabilities
Financial 
assets
Debt instruments
Subsequent measurement of debt instruments 
depends on the company's business 
model for managing the asset and the
cash flow characteristics 
of the asset. There are three measurement categories 
into which the Company classifies 
its debt
instruments:
• Amortised 
cost: 
Assets that are held for collection 
of contractual 
cash flows where those cash flows represent 
solely
payments of principal 
and interest 
are measured at amortised 
cost. 
Interest 
income from these financial 
assets 
is
included 
in finance 
income using 
the effective 
interest 
rate 
method. Any gain or loss 
arising 
on derecognition 
is
recognised 
directly 
in 
profit 
or loss and presented 
in other 
gainsl(losses) 
together 
with foreign 
exchange gains and
losses. 
Impairment 
losses are presented 
as separate 
line item in the Statement of Comprehensive Income.
14

--- Page 172 ---
Mosel Capital Limited 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 
For the year ended 31 December 2018 
2 
SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 
Financial instruments (continued) 
Debt instruments (continued) 
• 
FVOCI: Assets that are held for collection of contractual cash flows and for selling the financial assets, where the assets' 
cash flows represent solely payments of principal and interest, are measured at FVOCI. Movements in the carrying 
amount are taken through OCI, except for the recognition of impairment gains or losses, interest income and foreign 
exchange gains and losses which are recognised in profit or loss. When the financial asset is derecognised, the 
cumulative gain or loss previously recognised in OCI is reclassified from equity to profit or loss and recognised in other 
gains/(losses). Interest income from these financial assets is included in finance income using the effective interest rate 
method. Foreign exchange gains and losses are presented in other gains/(losses) and impairment expenses are 
presented as separate line item in the Statement of Comprehensive Income. 
• 
FVPL: Assets that do not meet the criteria for amortised cost or FVOCI are measured at FVPL. A gain or loss on a debt 
investment that is subsequently measured at FVPL is recognised in profit or loss and presented net within other 
gains/(losses) in the period in which it arises. 
Financial liabilities 
Financial liabilities are classified and subsequently measured at amortised cost, except for those that are derivative financial 
instruments or financial liabilities that are held for trading which are classified as FVTPL. The FVTPL option can also be 
irrevocably elected at initial recognition of financial liabilities, if it eliminates or significantly reduces an accounting mismatch, 
the financial liability is part of a portfolio that is managed and evaluated on a fair value basis, in accordance with a 
documented risk management or investment strategy or there is an embedded derivative in the financial or non-financial host 
contract and the derivative is not closely related to the host contract. 
Equity instruments 
The Company subsequently measures all equity investments at fair value. Where the Company's management has elected to 
present fair value gains and losses on equity investments in OCI, there is no subsequent reclassification of fair value gains 
and losses to profit or loss following the derecognition of the investment. Dividends from such investments continue to be 
recognised in profit or loss as other income when the Company's right to receive payments is established. No such 
irrevocable election has been made. 
Changes in the fair value of financial assets at FVPL are recognised in other gains/(losses) in the Statement of 
Comprehensive Income as applicable. Impairment losses (and reversal of impairment losses) on equity investments 
measured at FVOCI are not reported separately from other changes in fair value. 
1.4 Impairment 
From 1 January 2018, the Company assesses on a forward-looking basis the expected credit loss associated with its 
debt instruments carried at amortised cost and FVOCI. The impairment methodology applied depends on whether there 
has been a significant increase in credit risk. 
For trade receivables, the Company applies the simplified approach permitted by IFRS 9, which requires expected 
lifetime losses to be recognised from initial recognition of the receivables. 
1.5 Derecognition 
Financial assets are derecognised when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the financial asset expire, or when 
the financial asset and substantially all the risks and rewards are transferred. A financial liability is derecognised when it 
is extinguished, discharged, cancelled or expires. 
Accounting policies applied until 31 December 2017 
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss 
Financial assets include investments which provide indirect access to various underlying leveraged products. Financial assets 
are designated as financial assets at fair value through profit or loss. Purchases and sales of these investments are 
recognised on the trade date. These investments are initially recognised at cost which corresponds with the fair value of such 
investments and are subsequently measured at fair value through profit or loss thereafter. Financial assets are derecognised 
when the rights to receive cash flows from these investments have expired or the Company has transferred substantially all 
risks and rewards of ownership. 
Cash and cash equivalents 
Cash and cash equivalents include cash in hand and deposits held at call with banks. For the purpose of the Statement of 
Cash Flows, cash and cash equivalents are considered to be all highly liquid investments with maturity of three months or 
less. 
15 
Mosel Capital 
Limited
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
(CONTINUED)
For the year ended 31 December 2018
2 
SUMMARY 
OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING 
POLICIES (CONTINUED)
Financial 
instruments 
(continued)
Debt instruments 
(continued)
• FVOCI: Assets that are held for collection 
of contractual 
cash flows and for selling 
the financial 
assets, where the assets'
cash flows 
represent 
solely 
payments of principal 
and interest, 
are measured at FVOCI. Movements in the carrying
amount are taken through 
OCI, except for the recognition 
of impairment 
gains or losses, 
interest 
income and foreign
exchange gains and losses 
which are recognised 
in 
profit 
or loss. 
When the financial 
asset 
is derecognised, 
the
cumulative 
gain or loss previously 
recognised 
in OCI is reclassified 
from equity 
to profit 
or loss and recognised 
in other
gains/(losses). 
Interest 
income from these financial 
assets 
is included 
in finance 
income using the effective 
interest 
rate
method. 
Foreign 
exchange gains and losses 
are presented 
in other 
gains/(losses) 
and impairment 
expenses are
presented 
as separate 
line item in the Statement of Comprehensive Income.
• FVPL: Assets that do not meet the criteria 
for amortised 
cost or FVOCI are measured at FVPL. A gain or loss on a debt
investment 
that 
is subsequently 
measured at FVPL is recognised 
in 
profit 
or loss and presented 
net within 
other
gains/(losses) 
in the period 
in which it arises.
Financial 
liabilities
Financial 
liabilities 
are classified 
and subsequently 
measured at amortised 
cost, except for those that are derivative 
financial
instruments 
or financial 
liabilities 
that are held for trading 
which are classified 
as FVTPL. The FVTPL option can also be
irrevocably 
elected 
at initial 
recognition 
of financial 
liabilities, 
if it eliminates 
or significantly 
reduces an accounting 
mismatch,
the financial 
liability 
is part of a portfolio 
that is managed and evaluated 
on a fair value basis, 
in accordance 
with a
documented risk management or investment 
strategy 
or there 
is an embedded derivative 
in the financial 
or non-financial 
host
contract 
and the derivative 
is not closely 
related 
to the host contract.
Equity instruments
The Company subsequently 
measures all equity investments 
at fair 
value. Where the Company's management has elected 
to
present 
fair 
value gains and losses on equity 
investments 
in OCI, there 
is no subsequent 
reclassification 
of fair 
value gains
and losses to profit 
or loss following 
the derecognition 
of the investment. 
Dividends 
from such investments 
continue 
to be
recognised 
in 
profit 
or loss as other 
income when the Company's right 
to receive 
payments 
is established. 
No such
irrevocable 
election 
has been made.
Changes in the fair 
value 
of financial 
assets 
at FVPL are recognised 
in 
other 
gains!(losses) 
in the Statement 
of
Comprehensive 
Income as applicable. 
Impairment 
losses 
(and 
reversal 
of impairment 
losses) 
on equity 
investments
measured at FVOCI are not reported 
separately 
from other changes in fair value.
1.4 
Impairment
From 1 January 2018, the Company assesses on aforward-looking 
basis the expected 
credit 
loss associated 
with 
its
debt instruments 
carried 
at amortised 
cost and FVOCI. The impairment 
methodology 
applied 
depends on whether there
has been a significant 
increase 
in credit 
risk.
For trade 
receivables, 
the Company applies 
the simplified 
approach 
permitted 
by IFRS 9, which requires 
expected
lifetime 
losses to be recognised 
from initial 
recognition 
of the receivables.
1.5 
Derecognition
Financial 
assets are derecognised 
when the contractual 
rights 
to the cash flows from the financial 
asset expire, 
or when
the financial 
asset and substantially 
all the risks and rewards are transferred. 
A financial 
liability 
is derecognised 
when it
is extinguished, 
discharged, 
cancelled 
or expires.
Accounting 
policies 
applied 
until 
31 December 2017
Financial 
assets at fair value through 
profit 
or loss
Financial 
assets include 
investments 
which provide 
indirect 
access to various 
underlying 
leveraged 
products. 
Financial 
assets
are designated 
as financial 
assets 
at fair 
value 
through 
profit 
or loss. 
Purchases 
and sales 
of these 
investments 
are
recognised 
on the trade date. These investments 
are initially 
recognised 
at cost which corresponds 
with the fair value of such
investments 
and are subsequently 
measured at fair value through 
profit 
or loss thereafter. 
Financial 
assets are derecognised
when the rights 
to receive. 
cash flows from these investments 
have expired 
or the Company has transferred 
substantially 
all
risks and rewards of ownership.
Cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents 
include 
cash in hand and deposits 
held at call 
with banks. For the purpose of the Statement 
of
Cash Flows, cash and cash equivalents 
are considered 
to be all highly 
liquid 
investments 
with 
maturity 
of three 
months or
less.
15

--- Page 173 ---
Mosel Capital Limited 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 
For the year ended 31 December 2018 
2 
SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 
Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss 
Financial liabilities include the Certificates issued by the Company that are listed on Euronext Dublin. The Certificates are 
designated as financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss. The Certificates are recognised at cost at their net issue 
proceeds which corresponds with the fair value of the Certificates and are subsequently measured at fair value through profit 
or loss thereafter. Certificates issued are recognised on the trade date and derecognised, either fully or partly, when the 
Company has transferred substantially all or part of its financial obligations relating thereto. Realised gains or losses on 
derecognition of the Certificates are recognised in the Statement of Comprehensive Income. Realised gains or losses are 
calculated by subtracting the weighted average book cost based on the number of certificates in issue from the proceeds of 
the respective trade. 
Functional and presentation currency 
Items included in the financial statements of the Company are measured using the primary currency in which the Company 
operates. The financial statements are presented in United States Dollar, which is the Company's functional and presentation 
currency. 
Share Capital 
Shares are classified as equity when there is no obligation to transfer cash or other assets. Equity investments issued by the 
Company are recorded at the proceeds received, net of direct issue costs. 
Expenses 
All the Company expenses other than bank charges are paid by Aspect Diversified Trends Trading Company I and Aspect 
Investment Programmes ICAV acting in respect of its sub-fund Aspect Systematic Global Macro Trading Fund and 
consequently are not recognised in these financial statements. 
Revenue 
Revenue has been recognised as and when it falls due to the Company. The Company is entitled to transaction fees of 
US$750 for each series of Certificates issued during the year. In addition, income is received by the Company from Morgan 
Stanley to cover bank charges. 
Taxation 
The Company is liable to Jersey income tax at a rate of 0% (2017: 0%). 
Valuation of Certificates 
The Company held two series' of Certificates as at the year-end. The Certificates constitute a straight pass through 
exposure, net of fees, to the underlying investments detailed in note 4. The underlying investments are listed on Euronext 
Dublin. 
The Company has designated all of the Certificates at fair value through profit or loss which is equivalent to the available 
quoted price of the underlying investment in the market. The Certificates are initially recognised at fair value and 
subsequently re-measured at fair value through profit or loss based on the last traded price of the underlying investment. 
3 
ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS 
Critical accounting judgements 
The Directors of the Company have considered there to be no critical accounting judgements made in respect of the 
preparation of these financial statements. 
Key sources of estimation uncertainty 
The Company uses valuations received from the third party administrators of the underlying investments for daily Net Asset 
Valuation calculations. Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss are independently valued on an individual basis 
depending on the nature of the investment. Fair value estimates are made at a specific point in time, based on market 
conditions and other available information. The certificate investments fall under level 2 and 3 of the fair value hierarchy. The 
table in note 4 shows a reconciliation of opening balances to the year end balances. The Directors consider there to be no 
other key sources of estimation uncertainty at the year end date that have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment 
to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial period. 
16 
Mosel Capital 
Limited
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
(CONTINUED)
For the year ended 31 December 2018
2 
SUMMARY 
OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
Financial 
liabilities 
at fair value through 
profit 
or loss
Financial 
liabilities 
include 
the Certificates 
issued 
by the Company that are listed 
on Euronext 
Dublin. 
The Certificates 
are
designated 
as financial 
liabilities 
at fair 
value through 
profit 
or loss. The Certificates 
are recognised 
at cost at their 
net issue
proceeds which corresponds 
with the fair value of the Certificates 
and are subsequently 
measured at fair 
value through 
profit
or loss thereafter. 
Certificates 
issued 
are recognised 
on the trade 
date and derecognised, 
either 
fully 
or partly, 
when the
Company has transferred 
substantially 
all or part of its financial 
obligations 
relating 
thereto. 
Realised 
gains or losses on
derecognition 
of the Certificates 
are recognised 
in the Statement 
of Comprehensive 
Income. Realised 
gains or losses are
calculated 
by subtracting 
the weighted 
average book cost based on the number of certificates 
in issue from the proceeds of
the respective 
trade.
Functional 
and presentation 
currency
Items included 
in the financial 
statements 
of the Company are measured using the primary 
currency 
in which the Company
operates. 
The financial 
statements 
are presented 
in United States Dollar, 
which is the Company's functional 
and presentation
currency.
Share Capital
Shares are classified 
as equity when there 
is no obligation 
to transfer 
cash or other assets. 
Equity investments 
issued by the
Company are recorded 
at the proceeds received, 
net of direct 
issue costs.
Expenses
All the Company expenses other than bank charges are paid by Aspect Diversified 
Trends Trading Company I and Aspect
Investment 
Programmes ICAV acting 
in respect 
of its 
sub-fund 
Aspect Systematic 
Global 
Macro Trading 
Fund and
consequently 
are not recognised 
in these financial 
statements.
Revenue
Revenue has been recognised 
as and when it falls 
due to the Company. The Company is entitled 
to transaction 
fees of
US$750 for each series 
of Certificates 
issued during 
the year. 
In addition, 
income is received 
by the Company from Morgan
Stanley to cover bank charges.
Taxation
The Company is liable 
to Jersey income tax at a rate of 0% (2017: 0%).
Valuation 
of Certificates
The Company held two series' 
of Certificates 
as at the year-end. 
The Certificates 
constitute 
a straight 
pass through
exposure, 
net of fees, to the underlying 
investments 
detailed 
in note 4. The underlying 
investments 
are listed 
on Euronext
Dublin.
The Company has designated 
all of the Certificates 
at fair 
value through 
profit 
or loss which is equivalent 
to the available
quoted 
price 
of the 
underlying 
investment 
in the 
market. 
The Certificates 
are 
initially 
recognised 
at fair 
value 
and
subsequently 
re -measured at fair value through 
profit 
or loss based on the last traded 
price of the underlying 
investment.
3 
ACCOUNTING 
JUDGEMENTS
Critical 
accounting 
judgements
The Directors 
of the Company have considered 
there 
to be no critical 
accounting 
judgements 
made in respect 
of the
preparation 
of these financial 
statements.
Key sources of estimation 
uncertainty
The Company uses valuations 
received 
from the third 
party administrators 
of the underlying 
investments 
for daily 
Net Asset
Valuation 
calculations. 
Financial 
assets at fair 
value through 
profit 
or loss are independently 
valued on an individual 
basis
depending 
on the nature 
of the investment. 
Fair value estimates 
are made at a specific 
point 
in time, 
based on market
conditions 
and other available 
information. 
The certificate 
investments 
fall 
under level 2 and 3 of the fair value hierarchy. 
The
table 
in note 4 shows a reconciliation 
of opening 
balances 
to the year end balances. 
The Directors 
consider 
there to be no
other key sources of estimation 
uncertainty 
at the year end date that have a significant 
risk of causing a material 
adjustment
to the carrying 
amounts of assets and liabilities 
within 
the next financial 
period.
16

--- Page 174 ---
Mosel Capital Limited 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 
For the year ended 31 December 2018 
4 
FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS 
31-Dec-18 
US$ 
31-Dec-17 
US$ 
Cost of investments brought forward at beginning of the year 
43,425,386 
32,932,648 
Cost of investments purchased during the year 
25,599,995 
13,999,995 
Proceeds of investments sold during the year 
(26,624,993) 
(2,999,999) 
Realised loss for the year on cost 
(2,520,369) 
(507,258) 
Cost of investments carried forward at end of the year 
39,880,019 
43,425,386 
Fair value movement brought forward at beginning of the year 
(6,649,190) 
(7,167,123) 
Fair value movement on assets measured at fair value through profit or loss 
(13,698) 
517,933 
Fair value movement carried forward at end of the year 
(6,662,888) 
(6,649,190) 
Fair value at end of the year 
33,217,131 
36,776,196 
Realised loss on cost 
(2,520,369) 
(507,258) 
Unrealised fair value movement 
(13,698) 
517,933 
Fair value movement on assets measured at fair value through profit or loss 
(2,534,067) 
10,675 
The Company used the proceeds of the issue of Certificates detailed in note 8 to acquire interest units in the investment 
programmes listed in note 1. The Series 1 investment programme is a Cayman Islands Limited Liability Company. The Series 
2 investment programme is an Irish Limited Liability Company. These investment programmes provide exposure to leveraged 
derivative instruments and are held for capital appreciation. The units are listed on Euronext Dublin. 
5 
SHARE CAPITAL 
31-Dec-18 
31-Dec-17 
Authorised 
10,000 ordinary shares of £1 each 
Allotted, called up and fully paid 
2 ordinary shares of £1 each 
£10,000 
£10,000 
US$ 
US$ 
3 
3 
The Company has issued 2 ordinary shares which are fully paid at £1 each, at a foreign exchange rate of GBP 1.0000 : USD 
1.27547. 
The Company has one class of ordinary shares which carry no right to fixed income. 
6 
TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES 
Amounts due from Aspect 
7 
FINANCIAL LIABILITIES AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS 
31-Dec-18 
31-Dec-17 
US$ 
US$ 
1,000 
1,000 
The Company may issue up to US$10,000,000,000 unsecured Certificates under the terms of the Certificate Programme 
dated 4 December 2013. 
On 25 May 2018, the Company approved the issuance of a second series of certificates ("Series 2") pursuant to the 
Certificate Programme. Series 2 is linked to the shares of both Aspect Diversified Trends Trading Company I and Aspect 
Systematic Global Macro Trading Fund (the "Sub-Fund"), a sub-fund of Aspect Investments Programmes ICAV. 
17 
Mosel Capital 
Limited
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
(CONTINUED)
For the year ended 31 December 2018
4 
FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH 
PROFIT OR LOSS
Cost of investments 
brought forward 
at beginning 
of the year
Cost of investments 
purchased during the year
Proceeds of investments 
sold during the year
Realised 
loss for the year on cost
Cost of investments 
carried 
forward 
at end of the year
Fair value movement brought forward 
at beginning 
of the year
Fair value movement on assets measured at fair value through 
profit 
or loss
Fair value movement carried 
forward 
at end of the year
Fair value at end of the year
Realised 
loss on cost
Unrealised 
fair value movement
Fair value movement on assets measured at fair value through 
profit 
or loss
31-Dec -18
31-Dec -77
US$
US$
43,425,386
32,932,648
25, 599, 995
13, 999, 995
(26,624,993)
(2,999,999)
(2,520,369)
(507,258)
39,880,019
43,425,386
(6,649,190) 
(7,167,123)
(13,698) 
517,933
(6,662,888) 
(6,649,190)
33,217,131 
36,776,196
(2,520,369) 
(507,258)
(13,698) 
517,933
(2,534,067) 
10,675
The Company used the proceeds of the issue of Certificates 
detailed 
in note 8 to acquire 
interest 
units 
in the investment
programmes listed 
in note 1. The Series 1 investment 
programme is a Cayman Islands 
Limited 
Liability 
Company. The Series
2 investment 
programme is an Irish 
Limited 
Liability 
Company. These investment 
programmes provide 
exposure to leveraged
derivative 
instruments 
and are held for capital 
appreciation. 
The units are listed 
on Euronext Dublin.
5 
SHARE CAPITAL
A
u
t
h
o
r
i
s
e
d
10,000 ordinary 
shares of £1 each
31-Dec -18 
31-Dec -17
£10,000 
£10,000
Allotted, 
called up and fully 
paid 
US$ 
US$
2 ordinary 
shares of £1 each 
3 
3
The Company has issued 2 ordinary 
shares which are fully 
paid at £1 each, at a foreign 
exchange rate of GBP 1.0000 : USD
1.27547.
The Company has one class of ordinary 
shares which carry no right to fixed income.
6 
TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES 
31-Dec -18 
31-Dec -17
US$ 
US$
Amounts due from Aspect 
1,000 
-
1,000 
-
7 
FINANCIAL LIABILITIES 
AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH 
PROFIT OR LOSS
The Company may issue up to US$10,000,000,000 
unsecured 
Certificates 
under the terms of the Certificate 
Programme
dated 4 December 2013.
On 25 May 2018, the Company approved 
the issuance 
of a second series 
of certificates 
("Series 
2") pursuant 
to the
Certificate 
Programme. Series 2 is linked 
to the shares of both Aspect Diversified 
Trends Trading 
Company I and Aspect
Systematic 
Global Macro Trading Fund (the "Sub -Fund"), 
asub-fund 
of Aspect Investments 
Programmes ICAV.
ill

--- Page 175 ---
Mosel Capital Limited 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 
For the year ended 31 December 2018 
7 
FINANCIAL LIABILITIES AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS (CONTINUED) 
At the year end the Company had issued two series of Certificates under the programme, with a nominal value of 
US$2,000,000,000 (2017: US$1,000,000,000). Details of the series of Certificates in issue are as follows: 
Notional amount 
Series 
Series 1 Certificates 
Series 2 Certificates 
Fair Values 
Series 
Series 1 Certificates 
Series 2 Certificates 
Aggregate 
nominal amount 
of Certificates 
in Series 
31/12/2018 
US$ 
1,000,000,000 
1,000,000,000 
2,000,000,000 
Realised loss on cost 
Unrealised fair value movement 
Fair value movement on liabilties measured at fair value through profit or loss 
Number of Certificates 
Series 
Series 1 Certificates 
Series 2 Certificates 
Notional amount 
Series 
Series 1 Certificates 
Fair Values 
Series 
Series 1 Certificates 
Nominal value 
of Certificates 
repurchased by 
the Company 
31/12/2018 
US$ 
972,500,000 
999,000,000 
1,971,500,000 
Cost of 
Certificates 
Subscribed 
31/12/2018 
US$ 
39,219,575 
660,444 
39,880,019 
Fair Value per 
Certificate 
31/12/2018 
US$ 
2.549575 
1.386599 
Fair Value of 
Subscribed 
Certificates 
31/12/2018 
US$ 
32,362,543 
854,588 
33,217,131 
(2,520,369) 
(13,698) 
(2,534,067)
Number of 
Number of 
Number of 
Subscribed 
Unsubscribed 
Certificates 
Certificates 
Certificates 
31/12/2018 
31/12/2018 
31/12/2018 
1,000,000,000 
12,693,309 
987,306,691 
1,000,000,000 
616,320 
999,383,680 
2,000,000,000 
13,309,629 
1,986,690,371 
Aggregate 
nominal amount 
of Certificates 
in Series 
31/12/2017 
US$ 
1,000,000,000 
1,000,000,000 
Realised gain on cost 
Unrealised fair value movement 
Fair value movement on liabilties measured at fair value through profit or loss 
Nominal value 
of Certificates 
repurchased by 
the Company 
31/12/2017 
US$ 
972,500,000 
Cost of 
Certificates 
Subscribed 
31/12/2017 
US$ 
43,425,386 
972,500,000 
43,425,386 
Fair Value per 
Certificate 
31/12/2017 
US$ 
3.098894 
Fair Value of 
Subscribed 
Certificates 
31/12/2017 
US$ 
36,776,196 
36,776,196 
(507,258) 
517,933 
10,675 
18 
Mosel Capital 
Limited
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
(CONTINUED)
For the year ended 31 December 2018
7 
FINANCIAL LIABILITIES 
AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH 
PROFIT OR LOSS (CONTINUED)
At the 
year end the Company had issued 
two series 
of Certificates 
under the programme, 
with 
a nominal 
value 
of
US$2,000,000,000 
(2017: US$1,000,000,000). 
Details 
of the series 
of Certificates 
in issue are as follows:
Notional 
amount
Aggregate
Nominal value
nominal amount
of Certificates
Cost of
of Certificates
repurchased 
by
Certificates
in Series
the Company
Subscribed
Series
31/12/2018
31/12/2018
31/1212018
US$
US$
US$
Series 1 Certificates
1,000,000,000
972,500,000
39,219,575
Series 2 Certificates
1,000,000,000
999,000,000
660,444
2,000,000,000
1,971,500,000
39,880,019
Fair Values
Fair Value of
Fair Value per
Subscribed
Certificate
Certificates
Series
31/12/2018
31112/2018
US$
US$
Series 1 Certificates
2.549575
32,362,543
Series 2 Certificates
1.386599
854,588
33,217,131
Realised 
loss on cost
(2,520,369)
Unrealised 
fair value movement
(13,698)
Fair value movement on Iiabilties 
measured at fair value through 
profit 
or loss
(2,534,067)
Number of Certificates
Number of
Number of
Number of
Subscribed
Unsubscribed
Certificates
Certificates
Certificates
Series 
31/12/2018
31/12/2018
31/12/2018
Series 1 Certificates
1,000,000,000
12,693,309
987,306,691
Series 2 Certificates
1,000,000,000
616,320
999,383,680
2,000,000,000
13,309,629
1,986,690,371
Notional 
amount
Aggregate
Nominal value
nominal amount
of Certificates
Cost of
of Certificates
repurchased 
by
Certificates
in Series
the Company
Subscribed
Series
31/12/2017
31/12/2017
31/12/2017
US$
US$
US$
Series 1 Certificates
1,000,000,000
972,500,000
43,425,386
1,000,000,000
972,500,000
43,425,386
Fair Values
Fair Value of
Fair Value per
Subscribed
Certificate
Certificates
Series
31/12/2017
31/12/2017
US$
US$
Series 1 Certificates
3.098894
36,776,196
36,776,196
Realised 
gain on cost
(507,258)
Unrealised 
fair value movement
517,933
Fair value movement on liabilties 
measured at fair value through 
profit 
or loss
10,675
18

--- Page 176 ---
Mosel Capital Limited 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 
For the year ended 31 December 2018 
7 
FINANCIAL LIABILITIES AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS (CONTINUED) 
Number of Certificates 
Number of 
Certificates 
Number of 
Subscribed 
Certificates 
Number of 
Unsubscribed 
Certificates 
Series 
31/12/2017 
31/12/2017 
31/12/2017 
Series 1 Certificates 
1,000,000,000 
11,867,523 
988,132,477 
1,000,000,000 
11,867,523 
988,132,477 
The Certificates constitute a straight pass through exposure, net of fees, to the underlying investments detailed in note 4. The 
Certificates are limited recourse to the proceeds of the investments. The Certificate holders shall have no rights or claims 
against any other assets or future series of the Certificates issued by the Company. 
The amount of the Company's obligations in respect of the Certificates is dependent on the performance of the underlying 
investment in the interest units of the Investment Programmes that each of the Certificates is exposed to, which will in turn 
determine the amounts repaid to the Certificate holders. The investment in the Certificates is not capital protected and 
therefore any negative performance of interest units in each of the underlying Investment Programmes will be reflected in the 
redemption price, which could result in a total loss on redemption of the Certificates. The Certificates can be redeemed at any 
time. 
The holders of the Certificates have no shareholders rights and no duty to cover losses. 
As per the Prospectus, Crestbridge Fund Administrators Limited, acting as the Calculation Agent, will determine the 
termination amount, liquidation repayment amount or the repayment of the repurchase price as the case may be. 
Following the issue of the Certificates detailed above US$8,000,000,000 remains available for issue under the Certificate 
Programme dated 4 December 2013 (2017: US$9,000,000,000). 
The maturity date of the Certificates detailed above is 5 December 2023 for Series 1 and 2 July 2028 for Series 2. 
8 
FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT 
The Company's activities expose it to a variety of financial risks: market risk (including currency risk, price risk, cash flow risk 
and interest rate risk), capital management risk, credit risk and liquidity risk. The financial risks relate to the following financial 
instruments: financial assets at fair value through profit or loss, cash and cash equivalents, trade and other payables and 
financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss. The accounting policies with respect to these financial instruments are 
described in note 2. The Company's risk management policies employed to manage these risks are discussed below. 
(a) Liquidity risk 
Liquidity risk is the risk that the Company will not be able to meet its financial obligations as they fall due. The potential risk of 
not being able to meet its financial liabilities is mitigated by the fact that the investment interest units of Aspect Diversified 
Trends Trading Company I and Aspect Systematic Global Macro Trading Fund (the "Underlying Investments") are liquid and 
the repayment profile of the Certificates, the Company's main liabilities, have been matched to the liquidity profile of the 
investments which are publicly quoted. 
The following table details the Company's liquidity analysis for its financial assets and liabilities. 
As at 31 December 2018 
Assets 
Current assets 
Cash and cash equivalents 
Trade and other receivables 
Up to 1 yr 
1yr to 2 yrs 
Over 2 yrs 
Total 
US$ 
US$ 
US$ 
US$ 
226 
1,000 
226 
1,000 
Investment portfolio 
Financial assets at fair value through profit or 
loss 
33,217,131 
33,217,131 
33,218,357 
33,218,357 
19 
Mosel Capital 
Limited
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
(CONTINUED)
For the year ended 31 December 2018
7 
FINANCIAL LIABILITIES 
AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH 
PROFIT OR LOSS (CONTINUED)
Number of Certificates
Series
Number of
Number of
Number of 
Subscribed
Unsubscribed
Certificates 
Certificates
Certificates
31/12/2017 
31/1212017
31/12/2017
Series 1 Certificates  
1,000,000,000 
11,867,523 
988,132,477
1,000,000,000 
11,867,523 
988,132,477
The Certificates 
constitute 
a straight 
pass through exposure, 
net of fees, to the underlying 
investments 
detailed 
in note 4. The
Certificates 
are limited 
recourse 
to the proceeds of the investments. 
The Certificate 
holders 
shall 
have no rights 
or claims
against any other assets or future 
series of the Certificates 
issued by the Company.
The amount of the Company's obligations 
in respect 
of the Certificates 
is dependent on the performance 
of the underlying
investment 
in the interest 
units 
of the Investment 
Programmes that each of the Certificates 
is exposed to, which will 
in turn
determine 
the amounts repaid 
to the Certificate 
holders. 
The investment 
in the Certificates 
is not capital 
protected 
and
therefore 
any negative 
performance 
of interest 
units 
in each of the underlying 
Investment 
Programmes will be reflected 
in the
redemption 
price, 
which could result 
in a total 
loss on redemption 
of the Certificates. 
The Certificates 
can be redeemed at any
time.
The holders 
of the Certificates 
have no shareholders 
rights 
and no duty to cover losses.
As per the Prospectus, 
Crestbridge 
Fund Administrators 
Limited, 
acting 
as the Calculation 
Agent, 
will 
determine 
the
termination 
amount, liquidation 
repayment amount or the repayment of the repurchase 
price as the case may be.
Following 
the issue of the Certificates 
detailed 
above US$8,000,000,000 
remains 
available 
for issue 
under the Certificate
Programme dated 4 December 2013 (2017: US$9,000,000,000).
The maturity 
date of the Certificates 
detailed 
above is 5 December 2023 for Series 1 and 2 July 2028 for Series 2.
8 
FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT
The Company's activities 
expose it to a variety 
of financial 
risks: 
market risk (including 
currency 
risk, 
price 
risk, 
cash flow risk
and interest 
rate risk), 
capital 
management risk, 
credit 
risk and liquidity 
risk. The financial 
risks 
relate 
to the following 
financial
instruments: 
financial 
assets 
at fair 
value through 
profit 
or loss, 
cash and cash equivalents, 
trade and other 
payables and
financial 
liabilities 
at fair 
value through 
profit 
or loss. The accounting 
policies 
with respect 
to these financial 
instruments 
are
described 
in note 2. The Company's risk management policies 
employed to manage these risks are discussed 
below.
(a) Liquidity 
risk
Liquidity 
risk is the risk that the Company will not be able to meet its financial 
obligations 
as they fall due. The potential 
risk of
not being able to meet its financial 
liabilities 
is mitigated 
by the fact that the investment 
interest 
units 
of Aspect Diversified
Trends Trading Company I and Aspect Systematic 
Global Macro Trading Fund (the "Underlying 
Investments") 
are liquid 
and
the repayment 
profile 
of the Certificates, 
the Company's main liabilities, 
have been matched to the liquidity 
profile 
of the
investments 
which are publicly 
quoted.
The following 
table details 
the Company's liquidity 
analysis 
for its financial 
assets and liabilities.
As at 31 December 2018 
Up to 1 yr 
1yr to 2 yrs 
Over 2 yrs 
Total
US$ 
US$ 
US$ 
US$
Assets
Current assets
Cash and cash equivalents 
226 
- 
- 
226
Trade and other receivables 
1,000 
- 
- 
1,000
Investment 
portfolio
Financial 
assets at fair value through 
profit 
or
loss 
33,217,131 
- 
- 
33,217,131
33,218,357 
- 
- 
33,218,357
19

--- Page 177 ---
Mosel Capital Limited 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 
For the year ended 31 December 2018 
8 
FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED) 
(a) Liquidity risk (continued) 
As at 31 December 2018 
Up to 1 yr 
lyr to 2 yrs 
Over 2 yrs 
Total 
US$ 
US$ 
US$ 
US$ 
Liabilities 
Non-current liabilities 
Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or 
loss 
33,217,131 
33,217,131 
33,217,131 
33,217,131 
As at 31 December 2017 
Assets 
Current assets 
Cash and cash equivalents 
Up to 1 yr 
1yr to 2 yrs 
Over 2 yrs 
Total 
US$ 
US$ 
US$ 
US$ 
1,095 
1,095 
Investment portfolio 
Financial assets at fair value through profit or 
loss 
36,776,196 
36,776,196 
36,777,291 
36,777,291 
Liabilities 
Non-current liabilities 
Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or 
loss 
36,776,196 
36,776,196 
36,776,196 
36,776,196 
(b) Capital management 
When managing capital the Company's objectives are to safeguard its ability to continue as a going concern in order to 
provide returns for shareholders and the Certificate holders. 
The expenses of the Company are funded by third parties, Aspect Diversified Trends Trading Company I and Aspect 
Investment Programmes ICAV, acting in respect of its sub-fund Aspect Systematic Global Macro Trading Fund, and the 
Company will issue further Certificates in order to fund further investments. Any capital requirements are known with some 
certainty and therefore no formal monitoring is considered necessary. There are no externally imposed capital requirements. 
(c) Credit risk 
Credit risk is the risk that a counterparty will be unable to meet a commitment that it has been entered into with the Company. 
Credit risk is the potential exposure of the Company to loss in the event of non-performance by the Underlying Investments, 
the counterparties to the investments. In turn the Company is exposed to a potential loss under the Certificates. The 
Directors consider that the exposure is not material as the Certificates issued have limited recourse to the proceeds of the 
investments and hence, amounts due to the Certificate holders are limited to the amount received from the Underlying 
Investments. 
20 
Mosel Capital 
Limited
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
(CONTINUED)
For the year ended 31 December 2018
II 
FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT 
(CONTINUED)
(a) Liquidity 
risk (continued)
As at 31 December 2018
Liabilities
Non-current 
liabilities
Financial 
liabilities 
at fair 
value through 
profit 
or
loss
As at 31 December 2017
Assets
Current assets
Cash and cash equivalents
Investment 
portfolio
Financial 
assets at fair value through 
profit 
or
loss
Liabilities
Non-current 
liabilities
Financial 
liabilities 
at fair value through 
profit 
or
loss
Up to 1 yr 
1yr to 2 yrs 
Over 2 yrs 
Total
US$ 
US$ 
US$ 
US$
33,217,131 
- 
- 
33,217,131
33,217,131 
- 
- 
33,217,131
Up to 1 yr 
1yr to 2 yrs 
Over 2 yrs 
Total
US$ 
US$ 
US$ 
US$
1,095 
- 
- 
1,095
36,776,196 
- 
- 
36,776,196
36,777,291 
- 
- 
36,777,291
36,776,196 
- 
- 
36,776,196
36,776,196 
- 
- 
36,776,196
(b) Capital 
management
When managing capital 
the Company's objectives 
are to safeguard 
its 
ability 
to continue 
as a going concern 
in order to
provide 
returns 
for shareholders 
and the Certificate 
holders.
The expenses of the Company are funded 
by third 
parties, 
Aspect 
Diversified 
Trends Trading 
Company I and Aspect
Investment 
Programmes ICAV, acting 
in respect 
of its sub -fund 
Aspect Systematic 
Global 
Macro Trading 
Fund, and the
Company will 
issue further 
Certificates 
in order to fund further 
investments. 
Any capital 
requirements 
are known with some
certainty 
and therefore 
no formal 
monitoring 
is considered 
necessary. 
There are no externally 
imposed capital 
requirements.
(c) Credit 
risk
Credit 
risk is the risk that a counterparty 
will be unable to meet a commitment that 
it has been entered 
into with the Company.
Credit 
risk 
is the potential 
exposure of the Company to loss in the event of non-performance 
by the Underlying 
Investments,
the counterparties 
to the investments. 
In turn 
the Company is exposed to a potential 
loss 
under the Certificates. 
The
Directors 
consider 
that the exposure 
is not material 
as the Certificates 
issued 
have limited 
recourse 
to the proceeds of the
investments 
and hence, amounts due to the Certificate 
holders 
are limited 
to the amount received 
from the Underlying
Investments.
20

--- Page 178 ---
Mosel Capital Limited 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 
For the year ended 31 December 2018 
8 
FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED) 
(c) Credit risk (continued) 
The following table shows the Company's maximum exposure to credit risk: 
As at 31 December 2018 
Up to 1 yr 
lyr to 2 yrs 
Over 2 yrs 
Total 
US$ 
US$ 
US$ 
US$ 
Current assets 
Cash and cash equivalents 
226 
- 
226 
Trade and other receivables 
1,000 
1,000 
Investment portfolio 
Financial assets at fair value through profit or 
loss 
33,217,131 
33,217,131 
33,218,357 
33,218,357 
As at 31 December 2017 
Up to 1 yr 
1yr to 2 yrs 
Over 2 yrs 
Total 
US$ 
US$ 
US$ 
US$ 
Current assets 
Cash and cash equivalents 
1,095 
1,095 
Investment portfolio 
Financial assets at fair value through profit or 
loss 
36,776,196 
36,776,196 
36,777,291 
36,777,291 
(d) Market risk 
The Company's exposure to market risk is comprised of the following risks: 
(i) Foreign Exchange risk 
The Company is not exposed to any material foreign exchange risk as the majority of the Company's assets and liabilities are 
denominated in US Dollars which is the Company's functional and presentational currency. 
(ii) Cash flow and fair value interest rate risk 
As the Company has no significant interest-bearing assets, its income and operating cash flows are substantially independent 
of changes in market interest rates. 
The Company is not subject to interest rate risk on any of its liabilities. 
(iii) Price risk 
Price risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of a financial asset will fluctuate because of changes in market 
prices (other than those arising from interest rate risk or currency risk), whether those changes are caused by factors specific 
to the individual financial instrument or its issuer. Price risk is increased due to the leveraged nature of the underlying 
investments however these are documented in the prospectus and the Certificate holders are aware of the risks. 
The Company is exposed to market price risk arising from its Underlying Investments (see note 4 for the fair value of these 
investments). Any price risk to the Company is managed due to the limited recourse nature of the underlying Certificates as 
disclosed in note 8. Therefore the Directors do not believe the Company is subject to any price risk, as this risk is passed on 
to the Certificate holders. 
IFRS 13 Fair Value measurement requires disclosure of fair value measurements to be categorised by level. The levels are 
split between three levels: 
Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level 1). 
Inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly (that is, as 
prices) or indirectly (that is, derived from prices) (Level 2). 
Inputs for asset or liability that are not based on observable market data (that is, unobservable inputs) (Level 3). 
21 
Mosel Capital 
Limited
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
(CONTINUED)
For the year ended 31 December 2018
8 
FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT 
(CONTINUED)
(c) Credit 
risk (continued)
The following 
table shows the Company's maximum exposure to credit 
risk:
As at 31 December 2018
Current assets
Cash and cash equivalents
Trade and other receivables
Investment 
portfolio
Financial 
assets at fair value through 
profit 
or
loss
As at 31 December 2017
Current assets
Cash and cash equivalents
Investment 
portfolio
Financial 
assets at fair value through 
profit 
or
loss
Up to 1 yr 
'lyr 
to 2 yrs 
Over 2 yrs 
Total
US$ 
US$ 
US$ 
US$
226
1,000
33,217,131
226
1, 000
33,217,131
33,218,357 
- 
- 
33,218,357
Up to 1 yr 
1yr to 2 yrs 
Over 2 yrs 
Total
US$ 
US$ 
US$ 
US$
1, 095
1,095
36,776,196 
- 
- 
36,776,196
36,777,291 
- 
- 
36,777,291
(d) Market risk
The Company's exposure to market risk is comprised 
of the following 
risks:
(i) Foreign Exchange risk
The Company is not exposed to any material 
foreign 
exchange risk as the majority 
of the Company's assets and liabilities 
are
denominated 
in US Dollars 
which is the Company's functional 
and presentational 
currency.
(ii) Cash flow and fair value interest 
rate risk
As the Company has no significant 
interest
-bearing 
assets, 
its income and operating 
cash flows are substantially 
independent
of changes in market interest 
rates.
The Company is not subject 
to interest 
rate risk on any of its liabilities.
(iii) 
Price 
risk
Price 
risk 
is the risk 
that the fair 
value or future 
cash flows of a financial 
asset will 
fluctuate 
because of changes in market
prices (other 
than those arising 
from interest 
rate risk or currency 
risk), 
whether those changes are caused by factors 
specific
to the individual 
financial 
instrument 
or its 
issuer. 
Price 
risk 
is increased 
due to the leveraged 
nature 
of the underlying
investments 
however these are documented in the prospectus 
and the Certificate 
holders 
are aware of the risks.
The Company is exposed to market price 
risk 
arising 
from its Underlying 
Investments 
(see note 4 for the fair 
value of these
investments). 
Any price 
risk to the Company is managed due to the limited 
recourse 
nature of the underlying 
Certificates 
as
disclosed 
in note 8. Therefore 
the Directors 
do not believe 
the Company is subject 
to any price 
risk, as this 
risk is passed on
to the Certificate 
holders.
IFRS 13 Fair Value measurement requires 
disclosure 
of fair value measurements to be categorised 
by level. The levels 
are
split 
between three levels:
Quoted prices (unadjusted) 
in active 
markets for identical 
assets or liabilities 
(Level 
1).
Inputs other than quoted prices 
included 
within 
Level 1 that are observable 
for the asset or liability, 
either 
directly 
(that 
is, as
prices) 
or indirectly 
(that 
is, derived from prices) (Level 
2).
Inputs for asset or liability 
that are not based on observable 
market data (that 
is, unobservable 
inputs) (Level 
3).
21

--- Page 179 ---
Mosel Capital Limited 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 
For the year ended 31 December 2018 
8 
FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED) 
(d) Market risk (continued) 
(iii) Price risk (continued) 
Fair value measurements recognised in the statement of financial position 
The Company's assets and liabilities were classified as follows: 
All assets during the year are measured using fair values falling under Level 2. 
Level 1 
Level 2 
Level 3 
US$ 
US$ 
US$ 
31 December 2018 
33,217,131 
31 December 2017 
36,776,196 
All liabilities during the year are measured using fair values falling under Level 2. 
Level 1 
Level 2 
Level 3 
US$ 
US$ 
US$ 
31 December 2018 
31 December 2017 
All assets during the prior year were measured using fair values falling under Level 2. 
All liabilities during the prior year were measured using fair values falling under Level 2. 
33,217,131 
36,776,196 
The valuation of the underlying investments falls under Level 2 fair value hierarchy. Although the investments are quoted, 
they are not actively traded and the fair values have been derived using observable market data. The fair values are 
calculated by the third party administrators based on the net asset values of the underlying funds. There has been no 
movement in the level under which the assets and liabilities fall during the year. 
9 
RELATED PARTY DISCLOSURES 
A Kekovska, a Director of the Company, is also a Director of Crestbridge Limited ("Crestbridge") whose affiliates provide 
ongoing administrative services to the Company at normal commercial rates. S Marriott, a Director of the Company, is also a 
senior employee of Crestbridge. During the year US$107,370 (2017: US$86,021) was due to Crestbridge in respect of 
services of which US$30,010 (2017: US$21,381) was outstanding at the year end. As these expenses are paid by a third 
party they have not been recognised in these financial statements. 
Crestbridge is the affiliate leader of a group of companies of which includes Crestbridge Corporate Services Limited 
(administrator and company secretary to the Company), Crestbridge Fund Administrators Limited (Calculation Agent) and 
Crestbridge Corporate Trustees Limited (share trustee for the Company). 
A Waters, a Director of the Company, is also a Director of Aspect UCITS Fund plc, a sub-fund of which is the investor in the 
Certficate Programme. As the directors fees are paid by a third party, they have not been recognised in these financial 
statements. 
10 
SEGMENTAL REPORTING 
The directors, who together are the Chief Operating Decision Makers, consider that the Company comprises of one operating 
segment and that it operates in the country of incorporation. The Company provides the directors with the financial 
information that is on an aggregated level. As such, there is no segmental information to disclose. 
11 
IMMEDIATE PARENT AND ULTIMATE CONTROLLING PARTY 
The Immediate Parent of the Company is The Mosel Capital Charitable Trust, a trust formed in Jersey for charitable 
purposes. 
The Ultimate Controlling Party of the Company is Crestbridge Corporate Trustees Limited as Trustee of The Mosel Capital 
Charitable Trust. 
12 
EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING YEAR 
No significant post year end events have occurred in respect of the Company that are considered material to the 
understanding of these financial statements. 
22 
Mosel Capital 
Limited
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
(CONTINUED)
For the year ended 31 December 2018
8 
FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT 
(CONTINUED)
(d) Market risk (continued)
(iii) 
Price risk (continued)
Fair value measurements recognised 
in the statement 
of financial 
position
The Company's assets and liabilities 
were classified 
as follows:
All assets during the year are measured using fair values falling 
under Level 2.
Level1 
Level2 
Level3
US$ 
US$ 
US$
31 December 2018
31 December 2017
All liabilities 
during the year are measured using fair values falling 
under Level 2.
31 December 2018
- 
33,217,131 
-
- 
36,776,196 
-
Level1 
Level2 
Level3
US$ 
US$ 
US$
- 
33,217,131 
-
31 December 2017 
- 
36,776,196 
-
All assets during the prior 
year were measured using fair values falling 
under Level 2.
All liabilities 
during the prior 
year were measured using fair values falling 
under Level 2.
The valuation 
of the underlying 
investments 
falls 
under Level 2 fair 
value hierarchy. 
Although 
the investments 
are quoted,
they are not actively 
traded 
and the fair 
values 
have been derived 
using 
observable 
market data. 
The fair 
values 
are
calculated 
by the third 
party 
administrators 
based on the net asset values 
of the underlying 
funds. 
There has been no
movement in the level 
under which the assets and liabilities 
fall 
during the year.
9 
RELATED PARTY DISCLOSURES
A Kekovska, a Director 
of the Company, is also a Director 
of Crestbridge 
Limited 
("Crestbridge") 
whose affiliates 
provide
ongoing administrative 
services 
to the Company at normal commercial 
rates. S Marriott, 
a Director 
of the Company, is also a
senior 
employee of Crestbridge. 
During 
the year US$107,370 (2017: 
US$86,021) 
was due to Crestbridge 
in respect 
of
services 
of which US$30,010 (2017: US$21,381) was outstanding 
at the year end. As these expenses are paid by a third
party they have not been recognised 
in these financial 
statements.
Crestbridge 
is the 
affiliate 
leader 
of a group of companies of which includes 
Crestbridge 
Corporate 
Services 
Limited
(administrator 
and company secretary 
to the Company), Crestbridge 
Fund Administrators 
Limited 
(Calculation 
Agent) and
Crestbridge 
Corporate 
Trustees 
Limited (share trustee 
for the Company).
A Waters, a Director 
of the Company, is also a Director 
of Aspect UCITS Fund plc, asub-fund 
of which is the investor 
in the
Certficate 
Programme. As the directors 
fees are paid by a third 
party, 
they have not been recognised 
in these financial
statements.
10 
SEGMENTAL 
REPORTING
The directors, 
who together 
are the Chief Operating 
Decision 
Makers, consider 
that the Company comprises of one operating
segment and that 
it operates 
in the country 
of incorporation. 
The Company provides 
the directors 
with 
the financial
information 
that is on an aggregated 
level. 
As such, there is no segmental information 
to disclose.
11 
IMMEDIATE PARENT AND ULTIMATE CONTROLLING PARTY
The Immediate 
Parent 
of the Company is The Mosel Capital 
Charitable 
Trust, 
a trust 
formed 
in Jersey 
for 
charitable
purposes.
The Ultimate 
Controlling 
Party of the Company is Crestbridge 
Corporate 
Trustees 
Limited 
as Trustee 
of The Mosel Capital
Charitable 
Trust.
12 
EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING YEAR
No significant 
post year end events 
have occurred 
in 
respect 
of the Company that 
are considered 
material 
to the
understanding 
of these financial 
statements.
22

--- Page 180 ---
PL/PU398925/2/UKM/106150756.12 
136 
PL/PL/398925/2/UKM/106150756.12
136

--- Page 181 ---
APPENDIX 2: AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF THE ICAV 
PL/PU398925/2/UKM/106150756.12 
137 
PL/PL/398925/2/UKM/106150756.12
137
APPENDIX 2:  AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF THE ICAV

--- Page 182 ---
ASPECT INVESTMENT PROGRAMMES ICAV - ASPECT SYSTEMATIC GLOBAL 
MACRO TRADING FUND 
(An umbrella Irish collective asset-management vehicle with variable capital and with segregated liability 
between sub-funds registered in Ireland on 3 May 2018 under the Irish Collective Asset-management Vehicles 
Act 2015 and authorised by the Central Bank as a qualifying investor alternative investment fund) 
ANNUAL REPORT AND AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
This report is submitted pursuant to an exemption under section 18-96 of the Regulations of the 
Commodity Futures Trading Commission 
Registered Number: C180883 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ASPECT INVESTMENT PROGRAMMES ICAV - ASPECT SYSTEMATIC GLOBAL 
MACRO TRADING FUND 
 
 
 
 
(An umbrella Irish collective asset-management vehicle with variable capital and with segregated liability 
between sub-funds registered in Ireland on 3 May 2018 under the Irish Collective Asset-management Vehicles 
Act 2015 and authorised by the Central Bank as a qualifying investor alternative investment fund) 
 
 
 
 
ANNUAL REPORT AND AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
This report is submitted pursuant to an exemption under section 18-96 of the Regulations of the 
Commodity Futures Trading Commission 
 
 
         Registered Number: C180883

--- Page 183 ---
Aspect Investment Programmes ICAV - Aspect Systematic Global Macro Trading Fund 
2nd Floor, Block E 
Iveagh Court 
Harcourt Road 
Dublin 2 
Ireland 
AFFIRMATION OF THE COMMODITY POOL ADVISOR 
To the best of the knowledge and belief of the undersigned, the information contained in the audited financial 
statements of Aspect Investment Programmes ICAV - Aspect Systematic Global Macro Trading Fund for the 
year ended 31 December 2019 is accurate and complete. 
For the year ended 31 December 2019, the Investment Manager is satisfied that Aspect Investment Programmes 
ICAV - Aspect Systematic Global Macro Trading Fund remained in compliance with, and did not trade in 
violation of, any stated investment policy and/or objectives, including any applicable investment guidelines. 
By: 
Aspect Capital Limited 
Investment Manager 
of A 
ct 
e ,went Programmes ICAV - Aspect Systematic Global Macro Trading Fund 
i t Hope • 
Chief Operating Officer 
23 March 2020 
 
 
 
 
Aspect Investment Programmes ICAV - Aspect Systematic Global Macro Trading Fund 
2nd Floor, Block E 
Iveagh Court 
Harcourt Road 
Dublin 2 
Ireland 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
AFFIRMATION OF THE COMMODITY POOL ADVISOR 
 
To the best of the knowledge and belief of the undersigned, the information contained in the audited financial 
statements of Aspect Investment Programmes ICAV - Aspect Systematic Global Macro Trading Fund for the 
year ended 31 December 2019 is accurate and complete. 
 
For the year ended 31 December 2019, the Investment Manager is satisfied that Aspect Investment Programmes 
ICAV - Aspect Systematic Global Macro Trading Fund remained in compliance with, and did not trade in 
violation of, any stated investment policy and/or objectives, including any applicable investment guidelines. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
By:  
Aspect Capital Limited 
Investment Manager  
               of Aspect Investment Programmes ICAV - Aspect Systematic Global Macro Trading Fund 
                 
               Kenneth Hope 
               Chief Operating Officer 
               23 March 2020

--- Page 184 ---
Aspect Investment Programmes ICAV - Aspect Systematic Global Macro Trading Fund 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
PAGE 
ICAV INFORMATION 
3-4 
DIRECTORS' REPORT 
5-8 
DEPOSITARY'S REPORT 
9 
INVESTMENT MANAGER'S REPORT 
10-13 
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT TO THE MEMBERS 
OF ASPECT SYSTEMATIC GLOBAL MACRO TRADING FUND 
14-17 
STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION 
18 
STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
19 
STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY 
20 
STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS 
21 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
22-42 
SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
43-44 
APPENDIX 1 - UNAUDITED ADDITIONAL INFORMATION NOT FORMING 
PART OF THE AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
45-47 
APPENDIX 2 - UNAUDITED ADDITIONAL INFORMATION NOT FORMING 
PART OF THE AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
48 
APPENDIX 3 - UNAUDITED SECURITIES FINANCING TRANSACTIONS 
49 
Aspect Investment Programmes ICAV - Aspect Systematic Global Macro Trading Fund 
  
 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS
PAGE 
 
 
ICAV INFORMATION 
3-4 
 
 
DIRECTORS’ REPORT 
5-8 
 
 
DEPOSITARY’S REPORT 
9 
 
 
INVESTMENT MANAGER’S REPORT 
10-13 
 
 
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT TO THE MEMBERS  
OF ASPECT SYSTEMATIC GLOBAL MACRO TRADING FUND  
14-17 
 
 
STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION  
18 
 
 
STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME  
19 
 
 
STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY 
20 
 
 
STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS  
21 
 
 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
22-42 
 
 
SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS  
43-44 
 
 
APPENDIX 1 – UNAUDITED ADDITIONAL INFORMATION NOT FORMING 
PART OF THE AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
45-47 
 
 
APPENDIX 2 – UNAUDITED ADDITIONAL INFORMATION NOT FORMING  
PART OF THE AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
48 
 
 
APPENDIX 3 – UNAUDITED SECURITIES FINANCING TRANSACTIONS  
49

--- Page 185 ---
ICAV INFORMATION 
DIRECTORS 
*Non-executive 
**Independent, non-executive 
REGISTERED OFFICE 
Jonathan Greenwold* (resigned on 12 April 2019) 
Mr. Teddy Otto** 
Mr. John Skelly** 
Mr. Adrian Waters** 
James Gilbert* (appointed on 13 May 2019) 
Aspect Investment Programmes ICAV - Aspect 
Systematic Global Macro Trading Fund 
2 nd Floor, Block E 
Iveagh Court 
Harcourt Road 
Dublin 2 
Ireland 
ADMINISTRATOR 
U.S. Bank Global Fund Services (Ireland) Limited 
24-26 City Quay 
Dublin 2 
Ireland 
INVESTMENT MANAGER AND AIFM 
Aspect Capital Limited 
10 Portman Square 
London W1H 6AZ 
United ICingdom 
LEGAL ADVISORS 
Matheson 
(in Ireland) 
70 Sir John Rogerson's Quay 
Dublin 2 
Ireland 
(Appointed 20 March 2019) 
(in the United States) 
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR 
CORPORATE SECRETARY 
Maples and Calder 
75 St Stephen's Green 
Dublin 2 
Ireland 
(Terminated 20 March 2019) 
Akin Gump, Strauss Haver & Feld LLP 
One Bryant Park 
New York NY10036 
United States of America 
KPMG 
1 Harbourmaster Place 
IFSC 
Dublin 1 
Ireland 
Came Global Financial Services Limited 
2 nd Floor, Block E 
Iveagh Court 
Harcourt Road 
Dublin 2 
Ireland 
3 
 
3 
 
 
ICAV INFORMATION 
 
DIRECTORS 
Jonathan Greenwold* (resigned on 12 April 2019) 
 
Mr. Teddy Otto** 
 
Mr. John Skelly** 
 
Mr. Adrian Waters** 
 
James Gilbert* (appointed on 13 May 2019) 
*Non-executive 
**Independent, non-executive    
 
 
 
REGISTERED OFFICE 
Aspect Investment Programmes ICAV - Aspect 
 
Systematic Global Macro Trading Fund 
 
2nd Floor, Block E 
 
Iveagh Court 
 
Harcourt Road 
 
Dublin 2 
 
Ireland 
 
 
 
ADMINISTRATOR 
U.S. Bank Global Fund Services (Ireland) Limited 
 
24-26 City Quay 
 
Dublin 2 
 
Ireland 
 
 
INVESTMENT MANAGER AND AIFM 
Aspect Capital Limited 
 
10 Portman Square 
 
London W1H 6AZ 
 
United Kingdom 
 
 
LEGAL ADVISORS 
Matheson 
(in Ireland) 
70 Sir John Rogerson’s Quay 
 
Dublin 2 
 
Ireland 
 
(Appointed 20 March 2019) 
 
 
 
Maples and Calder 
 
75 St Stephen’s Green 
 
Dublin 2 
 
Ireland 
 
(Terminated 20 March 2019) 
 
 
(in the United States) 
Akin Gump, Strauss Haver & Feld LLP 
 
One Bryant Park 
 
New York NY10036 
 
United States of America 
 
 
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR 
KPMG 
 
1 Harbourmaster Place 
 
IFSC 
 
Dublin 1 
 
Ireland 
 
 
CORPORATE SECRETARY 
Carne Global Financial Services Limited 
 
2nd Floor, Block E 
 
Iveagh Court 
 
Harcourt Road 
 
Dublin 2 
Ireland

--- Page 186 ---
ICAV INFORMATION (continued) 
DEPOSITARY 
LISTING SPONSOR 
Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Dublin Branch 
Riverside 2, Sir John Rogerson's Quay 
Grand Canal Dock 
Dublin 2 
Ireland 
Maples and Calder 
75 St. Stephen's Green 
Dublin 2 
Ireland 
4 
 
4 
 
ICAV INFORMATION (continued) 
 
DEPOSITARY 
Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Dublin Branch 
 
Riverside 2, Sir John Rogerson’s Quay 
 
Grand Canal Dock 
 
Dublin 2 
 
Ireland 
 
 
LISTING SPONSOR 
Maples and Calder 
 
75 St. Stephen’s Green 
 
Dublin 2 
 
Ireland

--- Page 187 ---
Aspect Investment Programmes ICAV - Aspect Systematic Global Macro Trading Fund 
DIRECTORS' REPORT 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
The Directors present their Annual Report and Audited Financial Statements of Aspect Investment Programmes 
ICAV (the "ICAV") and Aspect Systematic Global Macro Trading Fund (the "Fund") for the financial year 
ended 31 December 2019. 
Overview 
The ICAV has been established as an Irish Collective Asset-management Vehicle with variable capital and 
segregated liability between Sub-Funds registered in Ireland on 3 May 2018 under the Irish Collective Asset-
management Vehicle Act 2015 (the "Act") and authorised by the Central Bank as a qualifying investor 
alternative investment fund. The first and currently sole sub-fund of the ICAV is Aspect Systematic Global 
Macro Trading Fund which commenced operations on 29 June 2018. 
The Fund has been admitted to the official list of the global exchange market of Euronext Dublin. 
Corporate Governance Code 
The Board have adopted the corporate governance code issued by the Irish Funds Industry Association (the IFIA 
code) having regard for certain other key pillars of governance within the collective investment fund governance 
structure, including: 
• 
the unique role of the Investment Manager, as recognised by the Central Bank of Ireland, in supporting the 
corporate governance of the Fund; and 
• 
the uniqueness of the independent segregation of duties as between the Investment Manager, the 
Administrator (with responsibility for the calculation of the net asset value ("NAV"), amongst other duties) 
and the independent Depositary (with responsibility for safeguarding the assets of the Fund and overseeing 
how the Fund is managed), such segregation of duties/functions being achieved through delegation of 
respective responsibilities to and appointment of suitably qualified and also regulated third party entities 
who are subject to regulatory supervision. 
The IF Code may be inspected on/ obtained from www.irishfunds.ie. 
The Fund has no employees and the Directors are all non-executive. Consistent with the regulatory framework 
applicable to investment fund companies, the Fund consequently operates under the delegated model whereby it 
has delegated investment management, administration and distribution functions to third parties without 
abrogating the Board's overall responsibility. The Board has in place mechanisms for monitoring the exercise of 
such delegated functions which are always subject to the supervision and direction of the Board. The delegation 
of such functions and the appointment of regulated third party entities are detailed in the Fund's Prospectus and 
Supplements. In summary, they are: 
1. 
The Board has delegated the performance of the investment management functions in respect of the Fund 
and of the Fund to the Investment Manager. The Investment Manager has direct responsibility for the day 
to day investment management of the Fund and is accountable to the Board of the Fund for the investment 
performance of the Fund. The Investment Manager has internal controls and risk management processes in 
place to ensure that all applicable risks pertaining to its investment management of the Fund are identified, 
monitored and managed and appropriate reporting is made to the Board on a regular basis. The Investment 
Manager has also been appointed as the distributor of the Fund. The Investment Manager is regulated by 
and under the supervision of the regulator of its operating jurisdiction; 
2. 
The Board has delegated its responsibilities for administration to U.S. Bank Global Fund Services (Ireland) 
Limited (the "Administrator") which has responsibility for the day to day administration of the Fund 
including the calculation of the NAV. The Administrator is regulated by and under the supervision of the 
Central Bank of Ireland. 
5 
Aspect Investment Programmes ICAV - Aspect Systematic Global Macro Trading Fund 
5 
 
DIRECTORS’ REPORT 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
 
The Directors present their Annual Report and Audited Financial Statements of Aspect Investment Programmes 
ICAV (the “ICAV”) and Aspect Systematic Global Macro Trading Fund (the “Fund”) for the financial year 
ended 31 December 2019. 
 
Overview 
The ICAV has been established as an Irish Collective Asset-management Vehicle with variable capital and 
segregated liability between Sub-Funds registered in Ireland on 3 May 2018 under the Irish Collective Asset-
management Vehicle Act 2015 (the “Act”) and authorised by the Central Bank as a qualifying investor 
alternative investment fund. The first and currently sole sub-fund of the ICAV is Aspect Systematic Global 
Macro Trading Fund which commenced operations on 29 June 2018.  
 
The Fund has been admitted to the official list of the global exchange market of Euronext Dublin. 
 
Corporate Governance Code 
The Board have adopted the corporate governance code issued by the Irish Funds Industry Association (the IFIA 
code) having regard for certain other key pillars of governance within the collective investment fund governance 
structure, including: 
 
• 
the unique role of the Investment Manager, as recognised by the Central Bank of Ireland, in supporting the 
corporate governance of the Fund; and 
 
• 
the uniqueness of the independent segregation of duties as between the Investment Manager, the 
Administrator (with responsibility for the calculation of the net asset value (“NAV”), amongst other duties) 
and the independent Depositary (with responsibility for safeguarding the assets of the Fund and overseeing 
how the Fund is managed), such segregation of duties/functions being achieved through delegation of 
respective responsibilities to and appointment of suitably qualified and also regulated third party entities 
who are subject to regulatory supervision. 
 
The IF Code may be inspected on/ obtained from www.irishfunds.ie. 
 
The Fund has no employees and the Directors are all non-executive. Consistent with the regulatory framework 
applicable to investment fund companies, the Fund consequently operates under the delegated model whereby it 
has delegated investment management, administration and distribution functions to third parties without 
abrogating the Board’s overall responsibility. The Board has in place mechanisms for monitoring the exercise of 
such delegated functions which are always subject to the supervision and direction of the Board. The delegation 
of such functions and the appointment of regulated third party entities are detailed in the Fund’s Prospectus and 
Supplements. In summary, they are: 
 
1. 
The Board has delegated the performance of the investment management functions in respect of the Fund 
and of the Fund to the Investment Manager. The Investment Manager has direct responsibility for the day 
to day investment management of the Fund and is accountable to the Board of the Fund for the investment 
performance of the Fund. The Investment Manager has internal controls and risk management processes in 
place to ensure that all applicable risks pertaining to its investment management of the Fund are identified, 
monitored and managed and appropriate reporting is made to the Board on a regular basis. The Investment 
Manager has also been appointed as the distributor of the Fund. The Investment Manager is regulated by 
and under the supervision of the regulator of its operating jurisdiction; 
 
2. 
The Board has delegated its responsibilities for administration to U.S. Bank Global Fund Services (Ireland) 
Limited (the “Administrator”) which has responsibility for the day to day administration of the Fund 
including the calculation of the NAV. The Administrator is regulated by and under the supervision of the 
Central Bank of Ireland.

--- Page 188 ---
Aspect Investment Programmes ICAV - Aspect Systematic Global Macro Trading Fund 
DIRECTORS' REPORT (continued) 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
Objectives and principal risks 
The Fund's investment objective is to generate returns whilst controlling overall levels of risk. The Fund seeks to 
achieve its investment objective by applying the Aspect Systematic Global Macro Programme (the 
"Programme") and gaining exposure to the asset classes described in the supplement for Aspect Systematic 
Global Macro Trading Fund (the "Fund Supplement"). 
The Programme is a proprietary system which has been developed and is maintained and implemented by the 
AIFM. The Programme applies a systematic, duration neutral and relative value approach, which deploys 
multiple investment strategies that seeks to identify quantifiable indicators that can systematically be used to 
capture profitable opportunities across a broad range of equity indices, fixed income securities and currencies. 
Generally, the Programme maintains positions in the majority of markets in which it invests. The emphasis is 
upon structuring a genuinely diversified set of market risk allocations that is designed to maximise the 
probability of returns wherever profit opportunities appear. Market exposures are monitored daily and the level 
of exposure in each market is quantifiable at all times and changes in accordance with market volatility and 
liquidity. 
The principal risks and uncertainties faced by the Fund are the investment risks associated with the portfolio of 
investments held for the account of Fund and the operational risks associated with their management and 
administration. 
The information required under the accounting standards adopted by the ICAV, International Financial 
Reporting Standards ("IFRS") as adopted by the EU in relation to the use by the Fund of financial instruments, 
the financial risk management objectives and policies of the Fund and the exposures of the Fund to market risk, 
currency risk, interest rate risk, liquidity risk, credit risk, price and cash flow risk and are outlined in Note 11. 
Directors' statement on adequate accounting records 
The Directors believe that they have complied with the requirements of Section 110 of the ICAV Act, 2015, with 
regard to adequate accounting records by employing personnel with appropriate expertise and by providing 
adequate resources to finance this function. The accounting records of the Fund are maintained by U.S. Bank 
Global Fund Services (Ireland) Limited, 24-26 City Quay, Dublin 2, Ireland. The Directors have appointed The 
Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Dublin Branch to provide for the depositary services of the Fund's assets. 
Activities and business review 
A detailed review of the Fund's activities for the financial year ended 31 December 2019 is included in the 
Investment Manager's Report on page 9. 
Results and dividend 
The results for the year are set out in the Statement of Comprehensive Income on page 18, with the Fund's 
Statement of Financial Position set out on page 17. The Directors may at their discretion declare dividends from 
time to time in respect of the shares. It is not the current intention to pay dividends and no dividends have been 
declared during the financial year ended 31 December 2019. 
The Directors consider that the change in the NAV per share is a key indicator of the performance of the Fund. 
Key performance indicators ("KPIs") monitored by the Directors for the Fund include the month to month 
movement in the NAV per share and the share capital movements. 
"Brexit" - The UK's Withdrawal from the EU 
The UK held a referendum on 23 June 2016 at which the electorate voted to leave the EU. On 29 March 2017, 
the UK provided formal notification to the European Council under Article 50 of the Treaty on European Union, 
which triggered a period (initially two years) during which the terms of an exit were negotiated. The UK exited 
the EU on 31 January 2020 and a transition period is now in effect, during which EU law will generally continue 
to apply in the United ICingdom. 
6 
Aspect Investment Programmes ICAV - Aspect Systematic Global Macro Trading Fund 
6 
 
DIRECTORS’ REPORT (continued) 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
 
Objectives and principal risks  
The Fund’s investment objective is to generate returns whilst controlling overall levels of risk. The Fund seeks to 
achieve its investment objective by applying the Aspect Systematic Global Macro Programme (the 
“Programme”) and gaining exposure to the asset classes described in the supplement for Aspect Systematic 
Global Macro Trading Fund (the “Fund Supplement”). 
 
The Programme is a proprietary system which has been developed and is maintained and implemented by the 
AIFM. The Programme applies a systematic, duration neutral and relative value approach, which deploys 
multiple investment strategies that seeks to identify quantifiable indicators that can systematically be used to 
capture profitable opportunities across a broad range of equity indices, fixed income securities and currencies. 
 
Generally, the Programme maintains positions in the majority of markets in which it invests. The emphasis is 
upon structuring a genuinely diversified set of market risk allocations that is designed to maximise the 
probability of returns wherever profit opportunities appear. Market exposures are monitored daily and the level 
of exposure in each market is quantifiable at all times and changes in accordance with market volatility and 
liquidity. 
 
The principal risks and uncertainties faced by the Fund are the investment risks associated with the portfolio of 
investments held for the account of Fund and the operational risks associated with their management and 
administration. 
 
The information required under the accounting standards adopted by the ICAV, International Financial 
Reporting Standards (“IFRS”) as adopted by the EU in relation to the use by the Fund of financial instruments, 
the financial risk management objectives and policies of the Fund and the exposures of the Fund to market risk, 
currency risk, interest rate risk, liquidity risk, credit risk, price and cash flow risk and are outlined in Note 11.  
 
Directors’ statement on adequate accounting records 
The Directors believe that they have complied with the requirements of Section 110 of the ICAV Act, 2015, with 
regard to adequate accounting records by employing personnel with appropriate expertise and by providing 
adequate resources to finance this function. The accounting records of the Fund are maintained by U.S. Bank 
Global Fund Services (Ireland) Limited, 24-26 City Quay, Dublin 2, Ireland. The Directors have appointed The 
Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Dublin Branch to provide for the depositary services of the Fund’s assets. 
 
Activities and business review 
A detailed review of the Fund’s activities for the financial year ended 31 December 2019 is included in the 
Investment Manager’s Report on page 9. 
 
Results and dividend 
The results for the year are set out in the Statement of Comprehensive Income on page 18, with the Fund’s 
Statement of Financial Position set out on page 17. The Directors may at their discretion declare dividends from 
time to time in respect of the shares. It is not the current intention to pay dividends and no dividends have been 
declared during the financial year ended 31 December 2019. 
 
The Directors consider that the change in the NAV per share is a key indicator of the performance of the Fund. 
Key performance indicators (“KPIs”) monitored by the Directors for the Fund include the month to month 
movement in the NAV per share and the share capital movements. 
 
“Brexit” - The UK’s Withdrawal from the EU 
The UK held a referendum on 23 June 2016 at which the electorate voted to leave the EU. On 29 March 2017, 
the UK provided formal notification to the European Council under Article 50 of the Treaty on European Union, 
which triggered a period (initially two years) during which the terms of an exit were negotiated. The UK exited 
the EU on 31 January 2020 and a transition period is now in effect, during which EU law will generally continue 
to apply in the United Kingdom.

--- Page 189 ---
Aspect Investment Programmes ICAV - Aspect Systematic Global Macro Trading Fund 
DIRECTORS' REPORT (continued) 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
"Brexit" - The UK's Withdrawal from the EU (continued) 
The departure of the UK from the EU will result in the Investment Manager losing certain regulatory "passports" 
that facilitate its marketing activities in EU27 jurisdictions. This may therefore cause difficulties for the 
marketing of the Funds to the extent that the Investment Manager is not able to continue to market in accordance 
with local regulatory regimes in relevant jurisdictions. 
In early 2019, the Fund and the Investment Manager confirmed to the Central Bank of Ireland ("CBI") their 
intention for the Investment manager to continue as the non- EU AIFM of the Fund after Brexit, in response to a 
letter sent by the CBI to funds with UK based managers. This follows agreements between the UK's Financial 
Conduct Authority and the CBI permitting this approach. 
Significant events during the financial year 
The events which were significant for the Fund during the financial year are detailed in Note 19. 
Future developments 
The Fund will continue to act as an investment vehicle as set out in the Prospectus. Refer to Note 21 of the 
financial statements for details of the subsequent events for the financial year end date. 
Independent Auditor 
KPMG, Chartered Accountants, have been appointed as independent auditors and have indicated their 
willingness to do so in accordance with Section 125 of the ICAV Act 2015. 
Directors 
The Directors holding office as at 31 December 2019 were: 
Mr. Jonathan Greenwold* (British) (resigned on 12 April 2019) 
Mr. Teddy Otto (German)** 
Mr. John Skelly (Irish)** 
Mr. Adrian Waters (Irish)** 
Mr. James Gilbert* (British) (appointed on 13 May 2019) 
* Non-executive 
**Independent, non-executive 
None of the Directors had any interest in the shares of the Fund at any time during the year. 
Transactions involving Directors 
Other than as disclosed in Note 13 to the Financial Statements, there were no contracts or agreements of any 
significance in relation to the business of the Fund in which the Directors had any interest, as defined in the Act, 
at any time during the financial year. 
Connected party statement: 
The Board of Directors of the ICAV is satisfied that there are arrangements (evidenced by written procedures) in 
place, to ensure that the obligations set out in paragraph 1 of section 1.viii Dealings by management company, 
general partner, depositary, AIFM, investment manager or by delegates or group companies of these of the AIF 
Rulebook are applied to all transactions with connected parties; and 
7 
Aspect Investment Programmes ICAV - Aspect Systematic Global Macro Trading Fund 
7 
 
DIRECTORS’ REPORT (continued) 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
 
“Brexit” - The UK’s Withdrawal from the EU (continued) 
The departure of the UK from the EU will result in the Investment Manager losing certain regulatory “passports” 
that facilitate its marketing activities in EU27 jurisdictions. This may therefore cause difficulties for the 
marketing of the Funds to the extent that the Investment Manager is not able to continue to market in accordance 
with local regulatory regimes in relevant jurisdictions. 
 
In early 2019, the Fund and the Investment Manager confirmed to the Central Bank of Ireland ("CBI") their 
intention for the Investment manager to continue as the non- EU AIFM of the Fund after Brexit, in response to a 
letter sent by the CBI to funds with UK based managers. This follows agreements between the UK’s Financial 
Conduct Authority and the CBI permitting this approach. 
 
Significant events during the financial year 
The events which were significant for the Fund during the financial year are detailed in Note 19. 
 
Future developments 
The Fund will continue to act as an investment vehicle as set out in the Prospectus. Refer to Note 21 of the 
financial statements for details of the subsequent events for the financial year end date. 
 
Independent Auditor 
KPMG, Chartered Accountants, have been appointed as independent auditors and have indicated their 
willingness to do so in accordance with Section 125 of the ICAV Act 2015. 
 
Directors  
The Directors holding office as at 31 December 2019 were: 
 
Mr. Jonathan Greenwold* (British) (resigned on 12 April 2019) 
Mr. Teddy Otto (German)** 
Mr. John Skelly (Irish)** 
Mr. Adrian Waters (Irish)**  
Mr. James Gilbert* (British) (appointed on 13 May 2019) 
* Non-executive 
 
**Independent, non-executive    
 
None of the Directors had any interest in the shares of the Fund at any time during the year. 
 
Transactions involving Directors 
Other than as disclosed in Note 13 to the Financial Statements, there were no contracts or agreements of any 
significance in relation to the business of the Fund in which the Directors had any interest, as defined in the Act, 
at any time during the financial year. 
 
Connected party statement: 
The Board of Directors of the ICAV is satisfied that there are arrangements (evidenced by written procedures) in 
place, to ensure that the obligations set out in paragraph 1 of section 1.viii Dealings by management company, 
general partner, depositary, AIFM, investment manager or by delegates or group companies of these of the AIF 
Rulebook are applied to all transactions with connected parties; and

--- Page 190 ---
Aspect Investment Programmes ICAV - Aspect Systematic Global Macro Trading Fund 
DIRECTORS' REPORT (continued) 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
Connected party statement (continued): 
The Board of Directors of the ICAV is satisfied that transactions with connected parties entered into during the 
period complied with the obligations set out in paragraph 1 of section 1.viii Dealings by management company, 
general partner, depositary, AIFM, investment manager or by delegates or group companies of these of the AIF 
Rulebook. 
Subsequent events 
Since the year ended 31 December 2019 and up to the date of approval of these financial statements there have 
been no subscriptions and US$5,999,998 redemptions. 
There are no events subsequent to 31 December 2019 which, in the opinion of the Directors of the ICAV, may 
have had an impact on the financial statements for the period from 31 December 2019 to 23 March 2020, the 
date the financial statements were signed. 
Statement of Directors' responsibilities in respect of the Directors' report and the financial statements 
The Directors are responsible for preparing the directors' report and fmancial statements, in accordance with 
applicable law and regulations. 
The Irish Collective Asset-management Vehicles Act 2015 requires the directors to prepare financial statements 
for each financial year. Under that law they have elected to prepare the fmancial statements in accordance with 
International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as adopted by the European Union and applicable law. 
The fmancial statements are required to give a true and fair view of the assets, liabilities and fmancial position of 
the ICAV at the end of the financial year and of the change in net assets attributable to holders of redeemable 
participating shares in the ICAV for the fmancial year. In preparing these financial statements, the directors are 
required to: 
• 
select suitable accounting policies and then apply them consistently; 
• 
make judgements and estimates that are reasonable and prudent; 
• 
state whether applicable Accounting Standards have been followed, subject to any material departures 
disclosed and explained in the fmancial statements; 
• 
assess the ICAV's ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to 
going concern; and 
• 
use the going concern basis of accounting unless they either intend to liquidate the ICAV or to cease 
operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so. 
The Directors are responsible for keeping adequate accounting records which disclose with reasonable accuracy 
at any time the assets, liabilities, financial position and increase in net assets attributable to holders of 
redeemable participating shares in the ICAV and enable them to ensure that the financial statements comply with 
the Irish Collective Asset-management Vehicles Act 2015. They have general responsibility for taking such steps 
as are reasonably open to them to safeguard the assets of the ICAV. In this regard they have entrusted the assets 
of the ICAV to a depositary for safe-keeping. They are responsible for such internal controls as they determine is 
necessary to enable the preparation of financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due 
to fraud or error, and to prevent and detect fraud and other irregularities. The directors are also responsible for 
preparing a Directors' Report that complies with the requirements of the Irish Collective Asset-management 
Vehicles Act 2015. 
The Directors are responsible for the maintenance and integrity of the corporate and financial information 
included on the ICAV's website. 
Legislation in the Republic of Ireland governing the preparation and 
dissemination of financial statements may differ from legislation in other jurisdictions. 
On behalf of the Board of Directors: 
Director 
Director 
23 March 2020 
23 March 2020 
8 
Aspect Investment Programmes ICAV - Aspect Systematic Global Macro Trading Fund 
8 
 
DIRECTORS’ REPORT (continued) 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
 
Connected party statement (continued): 
The Board of Directors of the ICAV is satisfied that transactions with connected parties entered into during the 
period complied with the obligations set out in paragraph 1 of section 1.viii Dealings by management company, 
general partner, depositary, AIFM, investment manager or by delegates or group companies of these of the AIF 
Rulebook. 
 
Subsequent events  
 
Since the year ended 31 December 2019 and up to the date of approval of these financial statements there have 
been no subscriptions and US$5,999,998 redemptions. 
 
There are no events subsequent to 31 December 2019 which, in the opinion of the Directors of the ICAV, may 
have had an impact on the financial statements for the period from 31 December 2019 to 23 March 2020, the 
date the financial statements were signed. 
 
Statement of Directors’ responsibilities in respect of the Directors’ report and the financial statements  
The Directors are responsible for preparing the directors’ report and financial statements, in accordance with 
applicable law and regulations.   
 
The Irish Collective Asset-management Vehicles Act 2015 requires the directors to prepare financial statements 
for each financial year. Under that law they have elected to prepare the financial statements in accordance with 
International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as adopted by the European Union and applicable law. 
 
The financial statements are required to give a true and fair view of the assets, liabilities and financial position of 
the ICAV at the end of the financial year and of the change in net assets attributable to holders of redeemable 
participating shares in the ICAV for the financial year. In preparing these financial statements, the directors are 
required to:   
 
• 
select suitable accounting policies and then apply them consistently; 
• 
make judgements and estimates that are reasonable and prudent;  
• 
state whether applicable Accounting Standards have been followed, subject to any material departures 
disclosed and explained in the financial statements;  
• 
assess the ICAV’s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to 
going concern; and 
• 
use the going concern basis of accounting unless they either intend to liquidate the ICAV or to cease 
operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so. 
 
The Directors are responsible for keeping adequate accounting records which disclose with reasonable accuracy 
at any time the assets, liabilities, financial position and increase in net assets attributable to holders of 
redeemable participating shares in the ICAV and enable them to ensure that the financial statements comply with 
the Irish Collective Asset-management Vehicles Act 2015. They have general responsibility for taking such steps 
as are reasonably open to them to safeguard the assets of the ICAV. In this regard they have entrusted the assets 
of the ICAV to a depositary for safe-keeping. They are responsible for such internal controls as they determine is 
necessary to enable the preparation of financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due 
to fraud or error, and to prevent and detect fraud and other irregularities. The directors are also responsible for 
preparing a Directors’ Report that complies with the requirements of the Irish Collective Asset-management 
Vehicles Act 2015.    
 
The Directors are responsible for the maintenance and integrity of the corporate and financial information 
included on the ICAV’s website.  Legislation in the Republic of Ireland governing the preparation and 
dissemination of financial statements may differ from legislation in other jurisdictions. 
 
On behalf of the Board of Directors: 
 
 
 
___________ 
 
 
 
 
 
_____________ 
Director                                  
 
 
 
Director                                 
23 March 2020 
  
  23 March 2020

--- Page 191 ---
fr
BNY MELLON 
DEPOSITARY'S REPORT 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Dublin 
Branch 
T +353 1 900 7920 
F +353 1 829 1024 
Riverside Two, Sir John Rogerson's Quay 
Dublin 2, D02 KV60, Ireland. 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Dublin Branch (the "Depositary", "us", "we", or "our"), in its capacity 
as Depositary to Aspect Investment Programmes ICAV (the "AIF"), has enquired into the conduct of Aspect 
Capital Limited as the authorised alternative investment fund manager (the "AIFM"), in respect of the AIF, and 
the AIF for the Period. 
This report, including the opinion, has been prepared solely for the shareholders in the AIF in accordance with 
the Central Bank's AIF Rulebook (the "AIF Rulebook") and for no other purpose. We do not, in giving this 
opinion, accept or assume responsibility for any other purpose or to any other person to whom this report is 
shown. 
Responsibilities of the Depositary 
Our duties and responsibilities are outlined in: (i) the AIF's constitutional documents; (ii) the investment fund 
legislation, as defined in the AIF Rulebook, and (iii) the European Union (Alternative Investment Fund 
Managers) Regulations 2013 (S.I. No. 257 of 2013), Directive 2011/61/EU, Commission Regulation No. 231 of 
2013, and the AIF Rulebook. One of those duties is to enquire into the conduct of the AIFM and the AIF in each 
annual accounting period and report thereon to the shareholders. 
Our report must state whether, in our opinion, the AIF has been managed in the Period in accordance with 
specified requirements of the investment fund legislation and the AIF Rulebook, as appropriate, and it is the 
overall responsibility of the AIFM and the AIF to comply with these provisions. If the AIFM or the AIF has not 
so complied, we, as Depositary, must state why we consider this to be the case and detail the actions which we 
have undertaken to rectify matters. 
Basis of Depositary opinion 
The Depositary conducts such reviews as it, in its reasonable opinion, considers necessary in order to comply 
with its duties as outlined in the AIF's constitutional documents and the investment fund legislation, and to 
ensure that, in all material respects, the AIF has been managed: 
(a) in accordance with the limitations imposed on the investment and borrowing powers of the authorised 
AIF by the constitutional document and by the Central Bank under the powers granted to the Central 
Bank by the investment fund legislation; and 
(b) otherwise in accordance with the provisions of the constitutional document and the investment fund 
legislation. 
Registered in Ireland No. 907126, VAT No. IE9578054E 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, trading as The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Dublin Branch is authorised by the 
National Bank of Belgium. 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, 46 Rue Montoyerstraat, B-1000 Brussels, Belgium - Tel. (32) 2 545 81 11, V.A.T. BE 
0806.743.159 - RPM-RPR Brussels Company No. 0806.743.159. The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV is a Belgian limited 
liability company, authorized and regulated as a significant credit institution by the European Central Bank and the National 
Bank of Belgium under the Single Supervisory Mechanism and by the Belgian Financial Services and Markets Authority. 
 
 
 
 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Dublin 
Branch  
T +353 1 900 7920 
 
F +353 1 829 1024 
 
Riverside Two, Sir John Rogerson’s Quay  
 
Dublin 2, D02 KV60, Ireland.  
Registered in Ireland No. 907126, VAT No. IE9578054E 
 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, trading as The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Dublin Branch is authorised by the 
National Bank of Belgium. 
 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, 46 Rue Montoyerstraat, B-1000 Brussels, Belgium - Tel. (32) 2 545 81 11, V.A.T. BE 
0806.743.159 - RPM-RPR Brussels Company No. 0806.743.159.  The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV is a Belgian limited 
liability company, authorized and regulated as a significant credit institution by the European Central Bank and the National 
Bank of Belgium under the Single Supervisory Mechanism and by the Belgian Financial Services and Markets Authority. 
 
 
 
DEPOSITARY’S REPORT 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Dublin Branch (the “Depositary”, “us”, “we”, or “our”), in its capacity 
as Depositary to Aspect Investment Programmes ICAV (the “AIF”), has enquired into the conduct of Aspect 
Capital Limited as the authorised alternative investment fund manager (the “AIFM”), in respect of the AIF, and 
the AIF for the Period. 
This report, including the opinion, has been prepared solely for the shareholders in the AIF in accordance with 
the Central Bank’s AIF Rulebook (the “AIF Rulebook”) and for no other purpose. We do not, in giving this 
opinion, accept or assume responsibility for any other purpose or to any other person to whom this report is 
shown. 
Responsibilities of the Depositary 
Our duties and responsibilities are outlined in: (i) the AIF’s constitutional documents; (ii) the investment fund 
legislation, as defined in the AIF Rulebook, and (iii) the European Union (Alternative Investment Fund 
Managers) Regulations 2013 (S.I. No. 257 of 2013), Directive 2011/61/EU, Commission Regulation No. 231 of 
2013, and the AIF Rulebook. One of those duties is to enquire into the conduct of the AIFM and the AIF in each 
annual accounting period and report thereon to the shareholders. 
Our report must state whether, in our opinion, the AIF has been managed in the Period in accordance with 
specified requirements of the investment fund legislation and the AIF Rulebook, as appropriate, and it is the 
overall responsibility of the AIFM and the AIF to comply with these provisions. If the AIFM or the AIF has not 
so complied, we, as Depositary, must state why we consider this to be the case and detail the actions which we 
have undertaken to rectify matters. 
Basis of Depositary opinion 
The Depositary conducts such reviews as it, in its reasonable opinion, considers necessary in order to comply 
with its duties as outlined in the AIF’s constitutional documents and the investment fund legislation, and to 
ensure that, in all material respects, the AIF has been managed:  
(a) in accordance with the limitations imposed on the investment and borrowing powers of the authorised 
AIF by the constitutional document and by the Central Bank under the powers granted to the Central 
Bank by the investment fund legislation; and 
(b) otherwise in accordance with the provisions of the constitutional document and the investment fund 
legislation.

--- Page 192 ---
BNY MELLON 
Opinion 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Dublin 
Branch 
T +353 1 900 7920 
F +353 1 829 1024 
Riverside Two, Sir John Rogerson's Quay 
Dublin 2, D02 KV60, Ireland. 
In our opinion, the AIF has been managed during the Period, in all material respects: 
(a) in accordance with the limitations imposed on the investment and borrowing powers of the AIF by the 
constitutional document and by the Central Bank under the powers granted to the Central Bank by the 
investment fund legislation; and 
(b) otherwise in accordance with the provisions of the constitutional document and the investment fund 
legislation. 
For and on Behalf of The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Dublin Branch, 
Riverside Two, 
Sir John Rogerson's Quay, 
Grand Canal Dock, 
Dublin 2, 
Ireland. 
Registered in Ireland No. 907126, VAT No. IE9578054E 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, trading as The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Dublin Branch is authorised by the 
National Bank of Belgium. 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, 46 Rue Montoyerstraat, B-1000 Brussels, Belgium - Tel. (32) 2 545 81 11, V.A.T. BE 
0806.743.159 - RPM-RPR Brussels Company No. 0806.743.159. The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV is a Belgian limited 
liability company, authorized and regulated as a significant credit institution by the European Central Bank and the National 
Bank of Belgium under the Single Supervisory Mechanism and by the Belgian Financial Services and Markets Authority. 
 
 
 
 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Dublin 
Branch  
T +353 1 900 7920 
 
F +353 1 829 1024 
 
Riverside Two, Sir John Rogerson’s Quay  
 
Dublin 2, D02 KV60, Ireland.  
 
Registered in Ireland No. 907126, VAT No. IE9578054E 
 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, trading as The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Dublin Branch is authorised by the 
National Bank of Belgium. 
 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, 46 Rue Montoyerstraat, B-1000 Brussels, Belgium - Tel. (32) 2 545 81 11, V.A.T. BE 
0806.743.159 - RPM-RPR Brussels Company No. 0806.743.159.  The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV is a Belgian limited 
liability company, authorized and regulated as a significant credit institution by the European Central Bank and the National 
Bank of Belgium under the Single Supervisory Mechanism and by the Belgian Financial Services and Markets Authority. 
 
Opinion 
In our opinion, the AIF has been managed during the Period, in all material respects: 
(a) in accordance with the limitations imposed on the investment and borrowing powers of the AIF by the 
constitutional document and by the Central Bank under the powers granted to the Central Bank by the 
investment fund legislation; and 
(b) otherwise in accordance with the provisions of the constitutional document and the investment fund 
legislation. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
__________________________ 
For and on Behalf of The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Dublin Branch, 
Riverside Two, 
Sir John Rogerson’s Quay, 
Grand Canal Dock, 
Dublin 2, 
Ireland.

--- Page 193 ---
Aspect Investment Programmes ICAV - Aspect Systematic Global Macro Trading Fund 
INVESTMENT MANAGER'S REPORT (unaudited) 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
January 2019 Review 
The Fund returned -11.53% in January. The year began with an attempt by riskier assets such as stocks and 
energies to recover some of 2018's losses. Major US stock indices had their best January in three decades, 
boosted by strong earnings and a moderation of the Federal Reserve's hawkish stance. Further optimism 
surrounded the trade talks between Beijing and Washington, and the temporary reopening of the US government. 
Despite these developments, geopolitical risks and signs of European economic weakness still spurred investor 
cautiousness as global bond yields were driven lower. In particular, anxieties increased over difficulties involved 
in overcoming the Brexit impasse ahead of the impending deadline. 
The Fund's currency sector underperformed while the stock indices sector offset some of these losses. Fixed 
income and volatility positions were largely flat. In stock indices, long positions in the North American markets 
added most value, more than offsetting losses from the Asian stock index exposures. In bonds, profitable long 
positions in Italian 10Y BTP and the French 10Y OAT were offset by the short position in the German 10Y 
Bund. In currencies, short positions in GBP/USD and long positions in USD/HUF and USD/ZAR contributed 
most to losses. 
From a model and theme perspective, the term structure and trade competitiveness themes added the most value 
whilst the volatility compensation theme was the main underperformer. 
February 2019 Review 
The Fund returned -7.33% in February. The month saw a general spring in the step of riskier financial markets. 
Global stock markets improved following productive US-China trade developments which included a delay to 
additional tariffs on China by President Trump. Meanwhile, the oil complex was bolstered by announcements of 
global supply cuts. Amid global growth slowdown concerns, the European Central Bank recognised weaker-
than-expected economic data and the Federal Reserve reaffirmed its more data-dependent and neutral policy 
stance. 
Losses this month came from the fixed income sector where expectations for a delayed Brexit caused losses for 
the Fund's long exposure to the UK 10Y Gilt. Amid trade optimism, the currencies sector produced small gains 
with short Euro and Yen positions versus the US Dollar being particularly well rewarded. The stock indices 
sector was also profitable with gains from long positions in the Euro Stoxx 50 index outweighing losses from 
being short the FTSE 100 index. 
From a model perspective, trade competitiveness and term structure themes struggled this month whereas 
economic activity and implied inflation factors prospered. 
March 2019 Review 
The Fund returned -18.73% in March. The month saw investors preoccupied with the partial US yield curve 
inversion which came after the Federal Reserve kept rates steady and also signalled that rates could stay lower 
for longer. Global growth appeared to slow down amid weaker than expected US economic releases and stimulus 
announcements by the Chinese government to shore up China's economy. Meanwhile, the European Central 
Bank's increasingly accommodative stance helped push longer term German bond yields into negative territory. 
Brexit uncertainty deepened considerably despite the delay to the UK's departure date. 
In bonds, the Fund made significant gains from its long positions in US, Australian and UK sovereign longer-
term bonds as yields fell. This followed weaker global economic data which fuelled recessionary fears, 
characterised by the first negative yield spread between US 3-Month bills and the US 10Y Note since 2007. 
However, these gains were offset by losses from short positions in French and German bonds as well as shorter 
dated US and Australian futures. 
Currency positions performed strongly, with short exposures in the Hungarian Forint, Euro and British pound 
being particularly well rewarded. In stock indices, optimism around trade talks helped lift some stock markets. 
The Fund's position in the Euro Stoxx 50 index added most to profits with losses emanating from Korean, 
Japanese and UK markets. 
From a model perspective, mean reversion and trade competitiveness factors struggled whereas implied inflation 
and factor premium timing models performed strongly. 
10 
Aspect Investment Programmes ICAV - Aspect Systematic Global Macro Trading Fund 
10 
 
INVESTMENT MANAGER’S REPORT (unaudited) 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
 
January 2019 Review 
The Fund returned -11.53% in January. The year began with an attempt by riskier assets such as stocks and 
energies to recover some of 2018's losses. Major US stock indices had their best January in three decades, 
boosted by strong earnings and a moderation of the Federal Reserve's hawkish stance. Further optimism 
surrounded the trade talks between Beijing and Washington, and the temporary reopening of the US government. 
Despite these developments, geopolitical risks and signs of European economic weakness still spurred investor 
cautiousness as global bond yields were driven lower. In particular, anxieties increased over difficulties involved 
in overcoming the Brexit impasse ahead of the impending deadline.  
  
The Fund's currency sector underperformed while the stock indices sector offset some of these losses. Fixed 
income and volatility positions were largely flat.  In stock indices, long positions in the North American markets 
added most value, more than offsetting losses from the Asian stock index exposures. In bonds, profitable long 
positions in Italian 10Y BTP and the French 10Y OAT were offset by the short position in the German 10Y 
Bund. In currencies, short positions in GBP/USD and long positions in USD/HUF and USD/ZAR contributed 
most to losses.  
  
From a model and theme perspective, the term structure and trade competitiveness themes added the most value 
whilst the volatility compensation theme was the main underperformer. 
 
February 2019 Review 
The Fund returned -7.33% in February. The month saw a general spring in the step of riskier financial markets. 
Global stock markets improved following productive US-China trade developments which included a delay to 
additional tariffs on China by President Trump. Meanwhile, the oil complex was bolstered by announcements of 
global supply cuts. Amid global growth slowdown concerns, the European Central Bank recognised weaker-
than-expected economic data and the Federal Reserve reaffirmed its more data-dependent and neutral policy 
stance.  
  
Losses this month came from the fixed income sector where expectations for a delayed Brexit caused losses for 
the Fund's long exposure to the UK 10Y Gilt. Amid trade optimism, the currencies sector produced small gains 
with short Euro and Yen positions versus the US Dollar being particularly well rewarded. The stock indices 
sector was also profitable with gains from long positions in the Euro Stoxx 50 index outweighing losses from 
being short the FTSE 100 index. 
  
From a model perspective, trade competitiveness and term structure themes struggled this month whereas 
economic activity and implied inflation factors prospered. 
 
March 2019 Review 
The Fund returned -18.73% in March. The month saw investors preoccupied with the partial US yield curve 
inversion which came after the Federal Reserve kept rates steady and also signalled that rates could stay lower 
for longer. Global growth appeared to slow down amid weaker than expected US economic releases and stimulus 
announcements by the Chinese government to shore up China's economy. Meanwhile, the European Central 
Bank's increasingly accommodative stance helped push longer term German bond yields into negative territory. 
Brexit uncertainty deepened considerably despite the delay to the UK's departure date. 
  
In bonds, the Fund made significant gains from its long positions in US, Australian and UK sovereign longer-
term bonds as yields fell. This followed weaker global economic data which fuelled recessionary fears, 
characterised by the first negative yield spread between US 3-Month bills and the US 10Y Note since 2007. 
However, these gains were offset by losses from short positions in French and German bonds as well as shorter 
dated US and Australian futures. 
  
Currency positions performed strongly, with short exposures in the Hungarian Forint, Euro and British pound 
being particularly well rewarded. In stock indices, optimism around trade talks helped lift some stock markets. 
The Fund's position in the Euro Stoxx 50 index added most to profits with losses emanating from Korean, 
Japanese and UK markets. 
  
From a model perspective, mean reversion and trade competitiveness factors struggled whereas implied inflation 
and factor premium timing models performed strongly.

--- Page 194 ---
Aspect Investment Programmes ICAV - Aspect Systematic Global Macro Trading Fund 
INVESTMENT MANAGER'S REPORT (unaudited) (continued) 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
April 2019 Review 
The Fund returned -20.47% in April. The month saw a resurgence of risk appetite across the globe causing 
demand for safe haven assets to fade. A series of strong economic data paved the way for major US equity 
indices to set a succession of record highs. Global government debt yields rose as upbeat economic data eased 
concerns about a global growth slowdown. 
Fixed income positions detracted most from performance, with short positions in the Australian 3Y bond and 
long positions in US Treasuries and UK Gilts contributing most to losses. In currencies, the Fund's long US 
Dollar positions prospered against developed currencies whilst the Euro suffered following poor manufacturing 
data from core eurozone players, rewarding the Fund's short Euro position. The Fund suffered small losses in 
equity indices with gains in European markets being offset by losses in Asian and US markets. 
From a model perspective, the term structure and factor premium timing themes had strong performance whereas 
the slope and implied inflation factors struggled. 
May 2019 Review 
The Fund returned 37.03% in May. Major US equity indices suffered their worst month of 2019 with investors 
flocking into safe-haven assets as global trade tensions worsened and economic growth concerns heightened. 
Increased speculation that the Federal Reserve will soon have to cut interest rates sent US treasury yields 
plunging to their lowest level since 2017. The trade spat between the US and China escalated due to tariff hikes 
and increased threats from both countries. Brexit turmoil continued to remain firmly in focus as the UK 
witnessed the collapse of cross-party Brexit talks and a long-awaited speech from Prime Minister Theresa May 
outlining her departure plan for June 2019. 
The risk-off environment benefltted the Fund's long bond positions. US treasuries in addition to the Australian 
10Y bond positions were among the Fund's top performers as yields plummeted to multi-year lows following a 
bleak global economic outlook. In addition, the stock indices sector also performed strongly with short positions 
in the Hang Seng and Nikkei 225 indices making gains. Losses came from the short US 2Y Note position and the 
long position in the Korean Kospi 200 index. 
From a model perspective, the volatility compensation and implied inflation themes were strong performers 
while the mean-reversion theme suffered. 
June 2019 Review 
The Fund returned -9.63% in June. Markets were focused on worldwide economic health after global PMI 
surveys signalled contraction and central banks across the globe unified dovish tones, sending investors once 
again flocking into safe-haven assets. The Federal Reserve left rates unchanged but sent ripples through fmancial 
markets with its surprisingly dovish tone causing investors to expect rate cuts as early as July 2019. The 
European Central Bank (ECB) chief Mario Draghi hinted at the possibility of new rate cuts if inflation remained 
below targets. Markets also closely watched the month-end G-20 summit where the US and China agreed to 
resume trade talks and to hold off on further tariffs. 
Performance was driven by the positions in the currency sector which suffered as the US Dollar weakened 
against the Swiss Franc and the Euro which detracted from performance. In addition, the variable positioning in 
the Italian 10Y BTP and the long position in the German 10Y Bund also detracted value as its yield fell to a 
record low. Stock indices was a profitable sector for the Fund, with positioning in the Korean Kospi 200, S&P 
500 and Australian SPI 200 Index all adding value. 
From a model perspective, the volatility compensation and slope themes were weak performers while the option 
market theme performed strongly. 
July 2019 Review 
The Fund returned -4.78% in July. Weakness in the global economy and rumbling trade tensions drove the much 
anticipated 25bps rate cut from the Federal Reserve - the first since the fmancial crisis. Among a growing list of 
countries adopting a more dovish stance, European Central Bank officials hinted that a rate cut could come in 
September and the UK seemed poised for one too driven by the risk of a no-deal Brexit after the appointment of 
Boris Johnson as Prime Minister. 
11 
Aspect Investment Programmes ICAV - Aspect Systematic Global Macro Trading Fund 
11 
 
INVESTMENT MANAGER’S REPORT (unaudited) (continued) 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
 
April 2019 Review 
The Fund returned -20.47% in April. The month saw a resurgence of risk appetite across the globe causing 
demand for safe haven assets to fade.  A series of strong economic data paved the way for major US equity 
indices to set a succession of record highs. Global government debt yields rose as upbeat economic data eased 
concerns about a global growth slowdown.  
  
Fixed income positions detracted most from performance, with short positions in the Australian 3Y bond and 
long positions in US Treasuries and UK Gilts contributing most to losses. In currencies, the Fund's long US 
Dollar positions prospered against developed currencies whilst the Euro suffered following poor manufacturing 
data from core eurozone players, rewarding the Fund's short Euro position. The Fund suffered small losses in 
equity indices with gains in European markets being offset by losses in Asian and US markets. 
  
From a model perspective, the term structure and factor premium timing themes had strong performance whereas 
the slope and implied inflation factors struggled.  
 
May 2019 Review 
The Fund returned 37.03% in May. Major US equity indices suffered their worst month of 2019 with investors 
flocking into safe-haven assets as global trade tensions worsened and economic growth concerns heightened. 
Increased speculation that the Federal Reserve will soon have to cut interest rates sent US treasury yields 
plunging to their lowest level since 2017. The trade spat between the US and China escalated due to tariff hikes 
and increased threats from both countries. Brexit turmoil continued to remain firmly in focus as the UK 
witnessed the collapse of cross-party Brexit talks and a long-awaited speech from Prime Minister Theresa May 
outlining her departure plan for June 2019. 
  
The risk-off environment benefitted the Fund's long bond positions. US treasuries in addition to the Australian 
10Y bond positions were among the Fund's top performers as yields plummeted to multi-year lows following a 
bleak global economic outlook. In addition, the stock indices sector also performed strongly with short positions 
in the Hang Seng and Nikkei 225 indices making gains. Losses came from the short US 2Y Note position and the 
long position in the Korean Kospi 200 index.  
  
From a model perspective, the volatility compensation and implied inflation themes were strong performers 
while the mean-reversion theme suffered. 
 
June 2019 Review 
The Fund returned -9.63% in June. Markets were focused on worldwide economic health after global PMI 
surveys signalled contraction and central banks across the globe unified dovish tones, sending investors once 
again flocking into safe-haven assets. The Federal Reserve left rates unchanged but sent ripples through financial 
markets with its surprisingly dovish tone causing investors to expect rate cuts as early as July 2019. The 
European Central Bank (ECB) chief Mario Draghi hinted at the possibility of new rate cuts if inflation remained 
below targets. Markets also closely watched the month-end G-20 summit where the US and China agreed to 
resume trade talks and to hold off on further tariffs. 
  
Performance was driven by the positions in the currency sector which suffered as the US Dollar weakened 
against the Swiss Franc and the Euro which detracted from performance. In addition, the variable positioning in 
the Italian 10Y BTP and the long position in the German 10Y Bund also detracted value as its yield fell to a 
record low. Stock indices was a profitable sector for the Fund, with positioning in the Korean Kospi 200, S&P 
500 and Australian SPI 200 Index all adding value. 
  
From a model perspective, the volatility compensation and slope themes were weak performers while the option 
market theme performed strongly. 
 
July 2019 Review 
The Fund returned -4.78% in July. Weakness in the global economy and rumbling trade tensions drove the much 
anticipated 25bps rate cut from the Federal Reserve - the first since the financial crisis. Among a growing list of 
countries adopting a more dovish stance, European Central Bank officials hinted that a rate cut could come in 
September and the UK seemed poised for one too driven by the risk of a no-deal Brexit after the appointment of 
Boris Johnson as Prime Minister.

--- Page 195 ---
Aspect Investment Programmes ICAV - Aspect Systematic Global Macro Trading Fund 
INVESTMENT MANAGER'S REPORT (unaudited) (continued) 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
July 2019 Review (continued) 
The net short Sterling exposure took centre stage as the Fund's top performer within the currencies sector, as it 
fell to its lowest level since 2017 in the face of an increasingly strong US Dollar, a potential UK rate cut and 
relentless Brexit turmoil. The general rise in dovish central bank activity benefited the Fund's long positions in 
the Australian 10Y Bond, while losses came from long US Treasury positions as yields rose in the first half of 
the month amid stronger than expected inflation data. In stock indices, as major global indices hit record highs, 
the best performance came from long positions in the S&P 500 and FTSE 100. 
From a model perspective, the economic activity and implied inflation themes performed strongly whereas the 
volatility compensation theme was a major detractor to performance. 
August 2019 Review 
The Fund returned 33.67% in August. Concerns about global growth drove markets during the month as the US-
China trade war continued and threatened to expand into a currency war. The Chinese Renminbi sank past the 
key threshold of 7 Renminbi per US Dollar for the first time since the financial crisis, causing speculation that 
China is allowing its currency to depreciate to counteract President Trump's tariffs. 
With record amounts of global debt yields in negative territory, bonds continued to rally as trade tensions 
intensified. Yields on UK bonds reached record lows, with prices further boosted by no-deal Brexit risk and the 
prospect of interest rate cuts from the Bank of England. Meanwhile Germany sold 30-year bonds at auction with 
negative yields for the first time, and in Italy government bonds rallied amid the resignation of Prime Minister 
Giuseppe Conte. 
The Fund performance this month was driven by the fixed income sector. Long positions in US and Australian 
10Y Bonds were most profitable. In currencies, the Euro and Hungarian Forint positions detracted from 
performance as the US Dollar strengthened as fears of a global recession grew. 
From a model perspective, the mean reversion theme performed strongly whereas the volatility compensation 
theme had another poor month. 
September 2019 Review 
The Fund returned -12.32% in September. Frosty relations between the US and China thawed at the start of the 
month, fuelling a resurgence in risk appetite for equity markets and dampening enthusiasm for government 
bonds. In a widely anticipated move, the US Federal Reserve cut its interest rate by 25bps, the second cut this 
year and since the global financial crisis. Brent crude oil prices soared 20% mid-month - their biggest jump on 
record - following attacks on two of Saudi Arabia's major oil facilities. In UK politics, a series of developments 
regarding Brexit led to choppy waters for Sterling, including the UK Supreme Court ruling that Boris Johnson's 
suspension of Parliament was unlawful. 
Macro optimism rotated investors out of safe haven markets, leading to losses in the Fund's long fixed income 
positions and offsetting profits came from short positions in shorter-dated markets. Currency positions 
performed strongly this month with short positions in the Euro and Swiss Franc versus the US Dollar being 
particularly well rewarded. Equity index positioning led to small losses with profits from long positions in 
European indices failing to offset losses from shorts in Asian markets. 
From a model perspective, mean reversion and factor premium timing models performed strongly whereas 
implied inflation and trade competitiveness factors struggled. 
October 2019 Review 
The Fund returned 6.62% in October. Poor US, UK and European economic data continued to lead to global 
slowdown worries. However, these concerns started to ease on signs of progress on trade between the US and 
China. An initial phase of a trade deal was outlined, which involved the US holding off on tariff increases in 
exchange for some Chinese concessions. Optimism over the trade relationship continued through the rest of the 
month. Meanwhile the UK Prime Minister Boris Johnson secured a draft Brexit deal with the European Union 
which led to a special Saturday session of the House of Commons to vote on the deal. While the vote was lost, 
ultimately the UK was granted an extension past the 31 October deadline, paving the way for a general election. 
12 
Aspect Investment Programmes ICAV - Aspect Systematic Global Macro Trading Fund 
12 
  
INVESTMENT MANAGER’S REPORT (unaudited) (continued) 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
 
July 2019 Review (continued) 
The net short Sterling exposure took centre stage as the Fund's top performer within the currencies sector, as it 
fell to its lowest level since 2017 in the face of an increasingly strong US Dollar, a potential UK rate cut and 
relentless Brexit turmoil. The general rise in dovish central bank activity benefited the Fund's long positions in 
the Australian 10Y Bond, while losses came from long US Treasury positions as yields rose in the first half of 
the month amid stronger than expected inflation data. In stock indices, as major global indices hit record highs, 
the best performance came from long positions in the S&P 500 and FTSE 100. 
  
From a model perspective, the economic activity and implied inflation themes performed strongly whereas the 
volatility compensation theme was a major detractor to performance. 
 
August 2019 Review 
The Fund returned 33.67% in August. Concerns about global growth drove markets during the month as the US-
China trade war continued and threatened to expand into a currency war. The Chinese Renminbi sank past the 
key threshold of 7 Renminbi per US Dollar for the first time since the financial crisis, causing speculation that 
China is allowing its currency to depreciate to counteract President Trump's tariffs.  
  
With record amounts of global debt yields in negative territory, bonds continued to rally as trade tensions 
intensified. Yields on UK bonds reached record lows, with prices further boosted by no-deal Brexit risk and the 
prospect of interest rate cuts from the Bank of England. Meanwhile Germany sold 30-year bonds at auction with 
negative yields for the first time, and in Italy government bonds rallied amid the resignation of Prime Minister 
Giuseppe Conte.  
  
The Fund performance this month was driven by the fixed income sector. Long positions in US and Australian 
10Y Bonds were most profitable. In currencies, the Euro and Hungarian Forint positions detracted from 
performance as the US Dollar strengthened as fears of a global recession grew. 
  
From a model perspective, the mean reversion theme performed strongly whereas the volatility compensation 
theme had another poor month. 
 
September 2019 Review 
The Fund returned -12.32% in September. Frosty relations between the US and China thawed at the start of the 
month, fuelling a resurgence in risk appetite for equity markets and dampening enthusiasm for government 
bonds. In a widely anticipated move, the US Federal Reserve cut its interest rate by 25bps, the second cut this 
year and since the global financial crisis. Brent crude oil prices soared 20% mid-month - their biggest jump on 
record - following attacks on two of Saudi Arabia's major oil facilities. In UK politics, a series of developments 
regarding Brexit led to choppy waters for Sterling, including the UK Supreme Court ruling that Boris Johnson's 
suspension of Parliament was unlawful. 
  
Macro optimism rotated investors out of safe haven markets, leading to losses in the  Fund's long fixed income 
positions and offsetting profits came from short positions in shorter-dated markets. Currency positions 
performed strongly this month with short positions in the Euro and Swiss Franc versus the US Dollar being 
particularly well rewarded. Equity index positioning led to small losses with profits from long positions in 
European indices failing to offset losses from shorts in Asian markets. 
  
From a model perspective, mean reversion and factor premium timing models performed strongly whereas 
implied inflation and trade competitiveness factors struggled. 
 
October 2019 Review 
The Fund returned 6.62% in October. Poor US, UK and European economic data continued to lead to global 
slowdown worries. However, these concerns started to ease on signs of progress on trade between the US and 
China. An initial phase of a trade deal was outlined, which involved the US holding off on tariff increases in 
exchange for some Chinese concessions. Optimism over the trade relationship continued through the rest of the 
month. Meanwhile the UK Prime Minister Boris Johnson secured a draft Brexit deal with the European Union 
which led to a special Saturday session of the House of Commons to vote on the deal. While the vote was lost, 
ultimately the UK was granted an extension past the 31 October deadline, paving the way for a general election.

--- Page 196 ---
Aspect Investment Programmes ICAV - Aspect Systematic Global Macro Trading Fund 
INVESTMENT MANAGER'S REPORT (unaudited) (continued) 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
October 2019 Review (continued) 
Currencies were the main detractor whilst fixed income added value. Within currencies, short exposure to the 
Euro and the Polish zloty were loss making. Within the bonds sector, the flattener trade on the Australian curve 
was profitable along with the short position in the Italian 10Y BTP. In stock indices, gains came from 
positioning in the Canadian TSE 60 Index whereas the short position in the Korean Kospi 200 Index made losses. 
From a model perspective, the economic activity and factor premium timing themes performed poorly whereas 
the implied inflation theme continued to perform strongly this year. 
November 2019 Review 
The Fund returned -2.75% in November. Markets continued to display growing optimism in light of trade talks 
and some economic data. The proposed US-China trade agreement appeared more holistic than initially 
anticipated with the inclusion of Chinese intellectual property considerations. However, geopolitical uncertainty 
remained after President Trump signed a bill supportive of Hong Kong demonstrators which drew criticism from 
China. Meanwhile, UK election polls predicted that the Conservative Party would win the December 12th 
election with a firm majority. Global stock markets ascended on the back of positive trade and economic 
headlines and improvements in risk appetite lifted several sovereign bond yields. 
The month's performance was muted after the portfolio recovered from losses posted in the fixed income sector 
during the first half of the month. Long exposure to the Australian 10Y Bond added to gains which defied the 
global fixed income sell-off in anticipation of dovishness from the Reserve Bank of Australia. Short exposure to 
the Canadian 10Y Bond added value while the US 10Y Bond positioning was the major detractor to performance. 
The volatility sector contributed positively while stock indices posted a small gain. 
From a model perspective, the volatility compensation and factor premium timing themes rebounded to perform 
strongly, whereas the implied inflation theme had a poor month. 
December 2019 Review 
The Fund returned -6.10% in December. A double dose of relief pushed risk assets higher as a preliminary trade 
deal between the US and China was announced and the Conservative Party won the UK election. Recessionary 
fears temporarily eased as US third quarter economic growth indicators showed the US economy maintained a 
moderate pace of expansion, supported by a strong labour market. Meanwhile China experienced an unexpected 
rebound in manufacturing. Elsewhere, in fixed income government bond yields were driven up and Sweden 
ended its five-year spell of negative interest rates, prompting speculation among investors that other central 
banks will reassess the efficacy of sub-zero rates. Fixed income performance in the Fund was muted in 
December, with gains from short positions in Canadian and Italian markets being offset by losses from long 
positions in Australian and German bonds. 
Stock indices experienced a shaky start as the US adopted a more aggressive trade stance by reinstating tariffs on 
Argentina and Brazil however improving geopolitics and upbeat economic data helped major stock indices end 
the month higher. The Fund's short Hang Seng Index position suffered most during the month with long 
positions in the Japanese Nikkei 225 Index and Canadian TSE 60 Index failing to offset losses. 
In currencies, rosier global growth prospects and improving relations between the US and China led to waning 
safe-haven demand for the US Dollar, benefitting the Fund's net short exposure. Long positions in the 
Norwegian Krone and New Zealand Dollar versus the US Dollar were particularly well rewarded. 
From a model perspective, option market sentiment models struggled whereas economic activity themes 
produced strong gains. 
13 
Aspect Investment Programmes ICAV - Aspect Systematic Global Macro Trading Fund 
13 
 
INVESTMENT MANAGER’S REPORT (unaudited) (continued) 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
 
October 2019 Review (continued) 
Currencies were the main detractor whilst fixed income added value. Within currencies, short exposure to the 
Euro and the Polish zloty were loss making. Within the bonds sector, the flattener trade on the Australian curve 
was profitable along with the short position in the Italian 10Y BTP. In stock indices, gains came from 
positioning in the Canadian TSE 60 Index whereas the short position in the Korean Kospi 200 Index made losses. 
  
From a model perspective, the economic activity and factor premium timing themes performed poorly whereas 
the implied inflation theme continued to perform strongly this year. 
 
November 2019 Review  
The Fund returned -2.75% in November. Markets continued to display growing optimism in light of trade talks 
and some economic data. The proposed US-China trade agreement appeared more holistic than initially 
anticipated with the inclusion of Chinese intellectual property considerations. However, geopolitical uncertainty 
remained after President Trump signed a bill supportive of Hong Kong demonstrators which drew criticism from 
China. Meanwhile, UK election polls predicted that the Conservative Party would win the December 12th 
election with a firm majority. Global stock markets ascended on the back of positive trade and economic 
headlines and improvements in risk appetite lifted several sovereign bond yields. 
  
The month's performance was muted after the portfolio recovered from losses posted in the fixed income sector 
during the first half of the month. Long exposure to the Australian 10Y Bond added to gains which defied the 
global fixed income sell-off in anticipation of dovishness from the Reserve Bank of Australia. Short exposure to 
the Canadian 10Y Bond added value while the US 10Y Bond positioning was the major detractor to performance. 
The volatility sector contributed positively while stock indices posted a small gain. 
  
From a model perspective, the volatility compensation and factor premium timing themes rebounded to perform 
strongly, whereas the implied inflation theme had a poor month. 
  
December 2019 Review 
The Fund returned -6.10% in December. A double dose of relief pushed risk assets higher as a preliminary trade 
deal between the US and China was announced and the Conservative Party won the UK election. Recessionary 
fears temporarily eased as US third quarter economic growth indicators showed the US economy maintained a 
moderate pace of expansion, supported by a strong labour market. Meanwhile China experienced an unexpected 
rebound in manufacturing. Elsewhere, in fixed income government bond yields were driven up and Sweden 
ended its five-year spell of negative interest rates, prompting speculation among investors that other central 
banks will reassess the efficacy of sub-zero rates. Fixed income performance in the Fund was muted in 
December, with gains from short positions in Canadian and Italian markets being offset by losses from long 
positions in Australian and German bonds. 
  
Stock indices experienced a shaky start as the US adopted a more aggressive trade stance by reinstating tariffs on 
Argentina and Brazil however improving geopolitics and upbeat economic data helped major stock indices end 
the month higher. The Fund's short Hang Seng Index position suffered most during the month with long 
positions in the Japanese Nikkei 225 Index and Canadian TSE 60 Index failing to offset losses. 
  
In currencies, rosier global growth prospects and improving relations between the US and China led to waning 
safe-haven demand for the US Dollar, benefitting the Fund's net short exposure. Long positions in the 
Norwegian Krone and New Zealand Dollar versus the US Dollar were particularly well rewarded.  
  
From a model perspective, option market sentiment models struggled whereas economic activity themes 
produced strong gains.

--- Page 197 ---
KPMG 
Audit 
1 Harbourmaster Place 
IFSC 
Dublin 1 
DO1 F6F5 
Ireland 
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF ASPECT 
INVESTMENT PROGRAMMES ICAV — ASPECT SYSTEMATIC GLOBAL MACRO 
TRADING FUND 
Report on the audit of the financial statements 
Opinion 
We have audited the financial statements of Aspect Investment Programmes ICAV — Aspect 
Systematic Global Macro Trading Fund ('the ICAV') for the year ended 31 December 2019 set out on 
pages 18 to 44, which comprise Statement of Financial Position, the Statement of Comprehensive 
Income, the Statement of Changes in Equity, the Statement of Cash Flows, the Schedule of 
Investments and related notes, including the summary of significant accounting policies set out in note 
3. The financial reporting framework that has been applied in their preparation is Irish Law and 
International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as adopted by the European Union. 
In our opinion, the accompanying financial statements: 
• give a true and fair view of the assets, liabilities and financial position of the ICAV as at 31 
December 2019 and of its increase in net assets attributable to holders of redeemable participating 
shares for the year then ended; 
• have been properly prepared in accordance with IFRS as adopted by the European Union; and 
• have been properly prepared in accordance with the requirements of the Irish Collective Asset-
management Vehicles Act 2015. 
Basis for opinion 
We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (Ireland) (ISAs 
(Ireland)) and applicable law. Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the 
Auditor's Responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements section of our report. We have 
fulfilled our ethical responsibilities under, and we remained independent of the ICAV in accordance 
with ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of financial statements in Ireland, including the 
Ethical Standard issued by the Irish Auditing and Accounting Supervisory Authority (IAASA), as 
applied to listed entities. 
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis 
for our opinion. 
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF ASPECT 
INVESTMENT PROGRAMMES ICAV – ASPECT SYSTEMATIC GLOBAL MACRO 
TRADING FUND 
Report on the audit of the financial statements 
Opinion 
We have audited the financial statements of Aspect Investment Programmes ICAV – Aspect 
Systematic Global Macro Trading Fund (‘the ICAV’) for the year ended 31 December 2019 set out on 
pages 18 to 44, which comprise Statement of Financial Position, the Statement of Comprehensive 
Income, the Statement of Changes in Equity, the Statement of Cash Flows, the Schedule of 
Investments and related notes, including the summary of significant accounting policies set out in note 
3. The financial reporting framework that has been applied in their preparation is Irish Law and 
International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as adopted by the European Union.
In our opinion, the accompanying financial statements: 
• give a true and fair view of the assets, liabilities and financial position of the ICAV as at 31
December 2019 and of its increase in net assets attributable to holders of redeemable participating
shares for the year then ended;
• have been properly prepared in accordance with IFRS as adopted by the European Union; and
• have been properly prepared in accordance with the requirements of the Irish Collective Asset-
management Vehicles Act 2015.
Basis for opinion 
We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (Ireland) (ISAs 
(Ireland)) and applicable law.  Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the 
Auditor's Responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements section of our report.  We have 
fulfilled our ethical responsibilities under, and we remained independent of the ICAV in accordance 
with ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of financial statements in Ireland, including the 
Ethical Standard issued by the Irish Auditing and Accounting Supervisory Authority (IAASA), as 
applied to listed entities. 
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis 
for our opinion.

--- Page 198 ---
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF ASPECT 
INVESTMENT PROGRAMMES ICAV — ASPECT SYSTEMATIC GLOBAL MACRO 
TRADING FUND (continued) 
Key audit matters: our assessment of risks of material misstatement 
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in 
the audit of the financial statements and include the most significant assessed risks of material 
misstatement (whether or not due to fraud) identified by us, including those which had the greatest 
effect on: the overall audit strategy, the allocation of resources in the audit; and directing the efforts of 
the engagement team. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the financial 
statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion 
on these matters. 
In arriving at our audit opinion above, the key audit matter, was as follows (unchanged from 2018): 
Valuation of financial assets and financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss (financial 
assets at fair value through profit or loss: US$11,874,212 and financial liabilities at fair value 
through profit or loss: US$6,529,601) (2018 - financial assets at fair value through profit or loss: 
US$651,920 and financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss: US$472,495) 
Refer to page 23 (accounting policy) and pages 28 to 39 (financial disclosures) 
How the matter was addressed in our audit 
The key audit matter 
The ICAV's investment portfolio 
comprises a significant amount of 
the ICAV's Statement of Financial 
Position and is considered to be 
the key driver of the ICAV's 
capital and revenue performance. 
The ICAV's investment portfolio 
consists of money market funds 
and future contracts and 
comprises both quoted 
investments and investments 
valued by reference to observable 
inputs. 
The ICAV's net investments make 
up circa 20% of total assets (by 
value). We do not consider these 
investments to be at high risk of 
significant misstatement or to be 
subject to a significant level of 
judgement. However, due to their 
materiality in the context of the 
financial statements as a whole, 
they are considered of most 
significance in the audit of the 
financial statements. 
Our audit procedures over the valuation of the 
ICAV's investment portfolio included, but were 
not limited to: 
Documenting the process in place to record 
investment transactions and to value the 
portfolio of investments; 
Agreeing the valuation of the money market 
funds and future contracts held at year end 
to an independent source. 
No material misstatements were noted as part of 
our testing. 
 
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF ASPECT 
INVESTMENT PROGRAMMES ICAV – ASPECT SYSTEMATIC GLOBAL MACRO 
TRADING FUND (continued)  
Key audit matters: our assessment of risks of material misstatement 
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in 
the audit of the financial statements and include the most significant assessed risks of material 
misstatement (whether or not due to fraud) identified by us, including those which had the greatest 
effect on: the overall audit strategy; the allocation of resources in the audit; and directing the efforts of 
the engagement team. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the financial 
statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion 
on these matters. 
In arriving at our audit opinion above, the key audit matter, was as follows (unchanged from 2018): 
Valuation of financial assets and financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss (financial 
assets at fair value through profit or loss: US$11,874,212 and financial liabilities at fair value 
through profit or loss: US$6,529,601) (2018 - financial assets at fair value through profit or loss: 
US$651,920 and financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss: US$472,495) 
Refer to page 23 (accounting policy) and pages 28 to 39 (financial disclosures) 
 
The key audit matter 
The ICAV’s investment portfolio 
comprises a significant amount of 
the ICAV’s Statement of Financial 
Position and is considered to be 
the key driver of the ICAV’s 
capital and revenue performance. 
The ICAV’s investment portfolio 
consists of money market funds 
and future contracts and 
comprises both quoted 
investments and investments 
valued by reference to observable 
inputs. 
The ICAV’s net investments make 
up circa 20% of total assets (by 
value). We do not consider these 
investments to be at high risk of 
significant misstatement or to be 
subject to a significant level of 
judgement. However, due to their 
materiality in the context of the 
financial statements as a whole, 
they are considered of most 
significance in the audit of the 
financial statements.  
 
How the matter was addressed in our audit 
Our audit procedures over the valuation of the 
ICAV’s investment portfolio included, but were 
not limited to: 
- 
Documenting the process in place to record 
investment transactions and to value the 
portfolio of investments; 
- 
Agreeing the valuation of the money market 
funds and future contracts held at year end 
to an independent source.   
 
 
No material misstatements were noted as part of 
our testing.

--- Page 199 ---
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF ASPECT 
INVESTMENT PROGRAMMES ICAV — ASPECT SYSTEMATIC GLOBAL MACRO 
TRADING FUND (continued) 
Our application of materiality and an overview of the scope of our audit 
Materiality for the financial statements as a whole was set at US$277,789 (2018: US$22,150) 
determined with reference to a benchmark of total assets of the ICAV at 31 December 2019 (of which 
it represents 1% (2018: 1%)). We consider total assets to be one of the principal considerations for 
shareholders of the ICAV in assessing the financial performance of the ICAV. 
We reported to the Board of Directors any corrected or uncorrected misstatements exceeding 
US$13,889 (2018: US$1,107), in addition to other identified misstatements that warranted reporting 
on qualitative grounds. Our audit of the ICAV was undertaken to the materiality level specified above 
and was performed by a single engagement team in Ireland. 
We have nothing to report on going concern 
We are required to report to you if we have concluded that the use of the going concern basis of 
accounting is inappropriate or there is an undisclosed material uncertainty that may cast significant 
doubt over the use of that basis for a period of at least twelve months from the date of approval of the 
financial statements. We have nothing to report in these respects. 
Other information 
The directors are responsible for the other information presented in the Annual Report together with 
the financial statements. The other information comprises the information included in the directors' 
report and other information included in the annual report of the ICAV, other than the financial 
statements and our auditor's report thereon. The financial statements and our auditor's report thereon 
do not comprise part of the other information. Our opinion on the financial statements does not cover 
the other information and, accordingly, we do not express an audit opinion or, except as explicitly 
stated below, any form of assurance conclusion thereon. 
Our responsibility is to read the other information and, in doing so, consider whether, based on our 
financial statements audit work, the information therein is materially misstated or inconsistent with the 
financial statements or our audit knowledge. Based solely on that work we have not identified material 
misstatements in the other information. 
Opinion on other matter prescribed by the Irish Collective Asset-management Vehicles Act 
2015 
In our opinion, the information given in the Directors' Report is consistent with the financial statements. 
Matters on which we are required to report by exception 
The Irish Collective Asset-management Vehicles Act 2015 requires us to report to you, if in our 
opinion, the disclosures of Directors' remuneration specified by law are not made. We have nothing to 
report in this regard. 
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF ASPECT 
INVESTMENT PROGRAMMES ICAV – ASPECT SYSTEMATIC GLOBAL MACRO 
TRADING FUND (continued) 
 
Our application of materiality and an overview of the scope of our audit 
Materiality for the financial statements as a whole was set at US$277,789 (2018: US$22,150) 
determined with reference to a benchmark of total assets of the ICAV at 31 December 2019 (of which 
it represents 1% (2018: 1%)). We consider total assets to be one of the principal considerations for 
shareholders of the ICAV in assessing the financial performance of the ICAV. 
We reported to the Board of Directors any corrected or uncorrected misstatements exceeding 
US$13,889 (2018: US$1,107), in addition to other identified misstatements that warranted reporting 
on qualitative grounds. Our audit of the ICAV was undertaken to the materiality level specified above 
and was performed by a single engagement team in Ireland. 
We have nothing to report on going concern 
We are required to report to you if we have concluded that the use of the going concern basis of 
accounting is inappropriate or there is an undisclosed material uncertainty that may cast significant 
doubt over the use of that basis for a period of at least twelve months from the date of approval of the 
financial statements. We have nothing to report in these respects. 
Other information 
The directors are responsible for the other information presented in the Annual Report together with 
the financial statements. The other information comprises the information included in the directors’ 
report and other information included in the annual report of the ICAV, other than the financial 
statements and our auditor’s report thereon. The financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon 
do not comprise part of the other information. Our opinion on the financial statements does not cover 
the other information and, accordingly, we do not express an audit opinion or, except as explicitly 
stated below, any form of assurance conclusion thereon. 
 
Our responsibility is to read the other information and, in doing so, consider whether, based on our 
financial statements audit work, the information therein is materially misstated or inconsistent with the 
financial statements or our audit knowledge. Based solely on that work we have not identified material 
misstatements in the other information. 
 
Opinion on other matter prescribed by the Irish Collective Asset-management Vehicles Act 
2015 
In our opinion, the information given in the Directors’ Report is consistent with the financial statements. 
 
Matters on which we are required to report by exception 
The Irish Collective Asset-management Vehicles Act 2015 requires us to report to you, if in our 
opinion, the disclosures of Directors’ remuneration specified by law are not made. We have nothing to 
report in this regard.

--- Page 200 ---
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF ASPECT 
INVESTMENT PROGRAMMES ICAV — ASPECT SYSTEMATIC GLOBAL MACRO 
TRADING FUND (continued) 
Respective responsibilities and restrictions on use 
Responsibilities of directors for the financial statements 
As explained more fully in the directors' responsibilities statement set out on page 7, the directors are 
responsible for. the preparation of the financial statements including being satisfied that they give a 
true and fair view; such internal control as they determine is necessary to enable the preparation of 
financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error; 
assessing the ICAV's ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related 
to going concern; and using the going concern basis of accounting unless they either intend to 
liquidate the ICAV or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so. 
Auditor's reAoonsIbilitles for the audit of the financial statements 
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole 
are free from material misstatement, whether due in fraud or error, and to issue an auditor's report 
that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee 
that an audit conducted in accordance with ISAs (Ireland) will always detect a material misstatement 
when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually 
or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users 
taken on the basis of these financial statements. 
A fuller description of our responsibilities is provided on IAASA's website at 
https://www. iaasa .isigetmedialb2359013-1cf6-458 b-9 
a913202dc9c3a/Description_of auditors_responsiblities_for_audit.pdr. 
The purpose of our audit work and to whom we owe our revonsRIllities 
Our report is made solely to the shareholders of the ICAV, as a body, in accordance with the Section 
120 of the Irish Collective Asset-management Vehicles Act 2015. Our audit work has been 
undertaken so that we might state in the ICAVs shareholders those matters we are required to state 
to them in an auditor's report and for no other purpose. To the fullest extent permitted by law, we do 
not accept or assume responsibility to anyone other than the ICAV and the ICAV's shareholders, as a 
body, for our audit work, for this report, or for the opinions we have formed. 
Liam McNally 
for and on behalf of 
KPMG 
Chartered Accountants, Statutory Audit Firm 
1 Harbourmaster Place 
I FSC 
Dublin 1 
23 March 2020 
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF ASPECT 
INVESTMENT PROGRAMMES ICAV – ASPECT SYSTEMATIC GLOBAL MACRO 
TRADING FUND (continued) 
 
Respective responsibilities and restrictions on use 
Responsibilities of directors for the financial statements 
As explained more fully in the directors’ responsibilities statement set out on page 7, the directors are 
responsible for: the preparation of the financial statements including being satisfied that they give a 
true and fair view; such internal control as they determine is necessary to enable the preparation of 
financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error; 
assessing the ICAV’s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related 
to going concern; and using the going concern basis of accounting unless they either intend to 
liquidate the ICAV or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so. 
Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements 
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole 
are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report 
that includes our opinion.  Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee 
that an audit conducted in accordance with ISAs (Ireland) will always detect a material misstatement 
when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually 
or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users 
taken on the basis of these financial statements.   
 
A fuller description of our responsibilities is provided on IAASA’s website at 
https://www.iaasa.ie/getmedia/b2389013-1cf6-458b-9b8f-
a98202dc9c3a/Description_of_auditors_responsiblities_for_audit.pdf. 
 
The purpose of our audit work and to whom we owe our responsibilities 
Our report is made solely to the shareholders of the ICAV, as a body, in accordance with the Section 
120 of the Irish Collective Asset-management Vehicles Act 2015. Our audit work has been 
undertaken so that we might state to the ICAVs shareholders those matters we are required to state 
to them in an auditor’s report and for no other purpose. To the fullest extent permitted by law, we do 
not accept or assume responsibility to anyone other than the ICAV and the ICAV’s shareholders, as a 
body, for our audit work, for this report, or for the opinions we have formed.  
 
 
 
Liam McNally                                                                                        23 March 2020 
for and on behalf of  
KPMG 
Chartered Accountants, Statutory Audit Firm 
1 Harbourmaster Place 
IFSC 
Dublin 1

--- Page 201 ---
Aspect Investment Programmes ICAV - Aspect Systematic Global Macro Trading Fund 
STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION 
As at 31 December 2019 
2019 
2018 
Notes 
US$ 
US$ 
Assets 
Cash and cash equivalents 
3 
15,819,557 
1,424,807 
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss 
4,6,11 
11,874,212 
651,920 
Other assets and prepaid expenses 
85,103 
65,207 
Total assets 
27,778,872 
2,141,934 
Liabilities 
Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss 
4,6,11 
6,529,601 
472,495 
Audit fee payable 
7 
23,180 
23,180 
Other payables and accrued expenses 
3 
56,440 
5,138 
Ongoing charges for certificates 
65,814 
5,000 
Total liabilities 
6,675,035 
505,813 
Equity 
Share capital 
21,103,837 
1,636,121 
Total equity 
21,103,837 
1,636,121 
Total liabilities and equity 
27,778,872 
2,141,934 
Class A (USD) participating shares 
Shares outstanding 
9 
21,402,144 
1,232,642 
NAV per share 
10 
0.9861 
1.3273 
Approved on behalf of the Board of Directors on 23 March 2020: 
Director 
Director 
The accompanying notes form an integral part of these financial statements. 
18 
Aspect Investment Programmes ICAV - Aspect Systematic Global Macro Trading Fund 
18 
STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION 
As at 31 December 2019 
2019 
2018 
Notes 
US$ 
US$ 
Assets 
Cash and cash equivalents 
3 
15,819,557 
1,424,807 
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss 
4,6,11 
11,874,212 
651,920 
Other assets and prepaid expenses 
85,103 
65,207 
Total assets 
27,778,872 
2,141,934 
Liabilities 
Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss 
4,6,11 
6,529,601 
472,495 
Audit fee payable 
7 
23,180 
23,180 
Other payables and accrued expenses 
3 
56,440 
5,138 
Ongoing charges for certificates 
65,814 
5,000 
Total liabilities 
6,675,035 
505,813 
Equity 
Share capital 
21,103,837 
1,636,121 
Total equity
21,103,837 
1,636,121 
Total liabilities and equity 
27,778,872 
2,141,934 
Class A (USD) participating shares
Shares outstanding
9
21,402,144
1,232,642
NAV per share
10
0.9861
1.3273
Approved on behalf of the Board of Directors on 23 March 2020: 
______________  
_____________ 
Director     
Director     
The accompanying notes form an integral part of these financial statements.

--- Page 202 ---
Aspect Investment Programmes ICAV - Aspect Systematic Global Macro Trading Fund 
STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
2019 
2018* 
Notes 
US$ 
US$ 
Investment income 
Interest income 
360,928 
8,047 
Net gain on financial assets and liabilities at fair value 
through profit or loss 
5 
4,274,163 
781,402 
Net investment income 
4,635,091 
789,449 
Expenses 
Audit fee 
7 
23,180 
23,180 
Legal fee 
93,589 
8,187 
Directors' fee 
7,13 
63,795 
21,344 
Brokerage fee 
526,569 
10,244 
Ongoing charges for certificates 
179,618 
9,342 
Other expenses 
212,999 
93,265 
Expense cap 
7 
(14,468) 
(63,407) 
Total operating expenses 
1,085,282 
102,155 
Profit before finance costs 
3,549,809 
687,294 
Finance costs 
Interest expense 
22,192 
1,175 
Total finance costs 
22,192 
1,175 
Profit for the year/period 
3,527,617 
686,119 
*For the period from 3 May 2018 (date of incorporation) to 31 December 2018. 
The accompanying notes form an integral part of these financial statements. 
19 
Aspect Investment Programmes ICAV - Aspect Systematic Global Macro Trading Fund 
19 
 
STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
 
 
 
2019 
 
2018* 
  
Notes 
US$ 
 
US$ 
Investment income 
 
 
  
Interest income 
360,928 
 
8,047 
Net gain on financial assets and liabilities at fair value 
through profit or loss 
5 
4,274,163 
 
781,402 
Net investment income 
4,635,091 
 
789,449 
  
 
 
 
Expenses 
 
 
 
Audit fee 
7 
23,180 
 
23,180 
Legal fee 
93,589 
 
8,187 
Directors’ fee 
7,13 
63,795 
 
21,344 
Brokerage fee 
 
526,569 
 
10,244 
Ongoing charges for certificates 
 
179,618 
 
9,342 
Other expenses 
 
212,999 
 
93,265 
Expense cap 
7 
(14,468) 
 
(63,407) 
Total operating expenses 
1,085,282 
 
102,155 
  
 
 
 
Profit before finance costs 
3,549,809 
 
687,294 
  
 
 
 
Finance costs 
 
 
 
Interest expense 
22,192 
 
1,175 
Total finance costs 
22,192 
 
1,175 
  
 
 
 
Profit for the year/period 
3,527,617 
 
686,119 
 
*For the period from 3 May 2018 (date of incorporation) to 31 December 2018. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The accompanying notes form an integral part of these financial statements.

--- Page 203 ---
Aspect Investment Programmes ICAV - Aspect Systematic Global Macro Trading Fund 
STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
Number of shares 
outstanding 
Share capital 
US$ 
Total 
At 31 December 2018 
1,232,642 
1,636,121 
1,636,121 
Operating profit for the year 
- 
3,527,617 
3,527,617 
Issue of shares 
29,169,278 
25,399,996 
25,399,996 
Shares redeemed 
(8,999,776) 
(9,459,897) 
(9,459,897) 
At 31 December 2019 
21,402,144 
21,103,837 
21,103,837 
For the period from 3 May 2018 (date of incorporation) to 31 December 2018 
At 3 May 2018 
Number of shares 
outstanding 
- 
Share capital 
US$ 
- 
Total 
-
Operating profit for the period 
- 
686,119 
686,119 
Issue of shares 
2,081,844 
2,199,993 
2,199,993 
Shares redeemed 
(849,202) 
(1,249,991) 
(1,249,991) 
At 31 December 2018 
1,232,642 
1,636,121 
1,636,121 
The accompanying notes form an integral part of these financial statements. 
20 
Aspect Investment Programmes ICAV - Aspect Systematic Global Macro Trading Fund 
20 
 
STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
 
 
Number of shares 
outstanding 
Share capital 
 
Total 
 
 
US$ 
 
At 31 December 2018 
1,232,642 
1,636,121 
1,636,121 
Operating profit for the year 
- 
3,527,617 
3,527,617 
Issue of shares 
29,169,278 
25,399,996 
25,399,996 
Shares redeemed 
(8,999,776) 
(9,459,897) 
(9,459,897) 
At 31 December 2019 
21,402,144 
21,103,837 
21,103,837 
 
For the period from 3 May 2018 (date of incorporation) to 31 December 2018 
 
 
Number of shares 
outstanding 
Share capital 
 
Total 
 
 
US$ 
 
At 3 May 2018 
- 
- 
- 
Operating profit for the period 
- 
686,119 
686,119 
Issue of shares 
2,081,844 
2,199,993 
2,199,993 
Shares redeemed 
(849,202) 
(1,249,991) 
(1,249,991) 
At 31 December 2018 
1,232,642 
1,636,121 
1,636,121 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The accompanying notes form an integral part of these financial statements.

--- Page 204 ---
Aspect Investment Programmes ICAV - Aspect Systematic Global Macro Trading Fund 
STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
2019 
2018* 
US$ 
US$ 
Cash flows from operating activities 
Operating profit for the year/period 
3,527,617 
686,119 
Adjustments for non-cash items 
Net realised loss on investments and derivative contracts 
(5,276,972) 
(1,050,012) 
Net change in unrealised appreciation on investments and derivative 
contracts 
983,900 
260,238 
(765,455) 
(103,655) 
Change in operating assets and liabilities 
Purchase of financial assets and liabilities 
(333,784,862) 
(8,420,368) 
Sale of financial assets and liabilities 
332,912,748 
9,030,717 
Increase in other assets and prepaid expenses 
(19,896) 
(65,207) 
Increase in fees and other payables 
112,116 
33,318 
Changes in operating assets and liabilities 
(779,894) 
578,460 
Cash flows (used in)/generated from operating activities 
(1,545,349) 
474,805 
Financing activities 
Proceeds from issue of redeemable participating shares during the 
year/period** 
25,399,996 
2,199,993 
Payments on redemption of redeemable participating shares during the 
year/period** 
(9,459,897) 
(1,249,991) 
Cash flows generated from financing activities 
15,940,099 
950,002 
Net increase in cash and cash equivalents for the year/period*** 
14,394,750 
1,424,807 
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year/period 
1,424,807 
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year/period 
15,819,557 
1,424,807 
Cash flows from operating activities include: 
Interest received 
360,928 
8,047 
Interest paid 
22,192 
1,175 
*For the period from 3 May 2018 (date of incorporation) to 31 December 2018. 
**subscriptions and redemptions in the financing activities section equal the subscriptions and redemptions 
displayed in the statement of changes in equity. 
***includes cash and cash equivalents, margin cash and broker balances. 
The accompanying notes form an integral part of these financial statements. 
21 
Aspect Investment Programmes ICAV - Aspect Systematic Global Macro Trading Fund 
21 
 
 
STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
 
 
2019 
 
2018* 
  
US$ 
 
US$ 
Cash flows from operating activities 
 
 
  
Operating profit for the year/period 
3,527,617 
 
686,119 
Adjustments for non-cash items
 
 
 
Net realised loss on investments and derivative contracts 
(5,276,972) 
 
(1,050,012) 
Net change in unrealised appreciation on investments and derivative 
contracts 
983,900 
 
260,238 
 
(765,455) 
 
(103,655) 
 
 
 
 
Change in operating assets and liabilities 
 
 
 
Purchase of financial assets and liabilities 
(333,784,862) 
 
(8,420,368) 
Sale of financial assets and liabilities 
332,912,748 
 
9,030,717 
Increase in other assets and prepaid expenses 
(19,896) 
 
(65,207) 
Increase in fees and other payables 
112,116 
 
33,318 
Changes in operating assets and liabilities 
(779,894) 
 
578,460 
 
 
 
Cash flows (used in)/generated from operating activities 
(1,545,349) 
 
474,805 
  
 
 
 
Financing activities
 
 
 
Proceeds from issue of redeemable participating shares during the 
year/period** 
25,399,996 
 
2,199,993 
Payments on redemption of redeemable participating shares during the 
year/period** 
(9,459,897) 
 
(1,249,991) 
Cash flows generated from financing activities 
15,940,099 
 
950,002 
 
 
 
 
Net increase in cash and cash equivalents for the year/period*** 
14,394,750 
 
1,424,807 
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year/period 
1,424,807 
 
- 
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year/period 
15,819,557 
 
1,424,807 
 
 
 
 
Cash flows from operating activities include: 
 
 
 
Interest received 
360,928 
 
8,047 
Interest paid 
22,192 
 
1,175 
 
*For the period from 3 May 2018 (date of incorporation) to 31 December 2018. 
**subscriptions and redemptions in the financing activities section equal the subscriptions and redemptions 
displayed in the statement of changes in equity. 
***includes cash and cash equivalents, margin cash and broker balances. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The accompanying notes form an integral part of these financial statements.

--- Page 205 ---
Aspect Investment Programmes ICAV - Aspect Systematic Global Macro Trading Fund 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
1. 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
The Aspect Investment Programmes ICAV (the "ICAV") has been established as an Irish collective 
asset-management vehicle with variable capital and segregated liability between sub-funds registered in 
Ireland on 3 May 2018 under the Irish Collective Asset-management Vehicle Act and authorised by the 
Central Bank as a qualifying investor alternative investment fund. The first and currently sole sub-fund 
of the ICAV is Aspect Systematic Global Macro Trading Fund (the "Fund"). 
The Fund has been admitted to the official list of the global exchange market of the Euronext Dublin. 
The Fund's registered office is located at 2nd Floor, Block E, Iveagh Court, Harcourt Road, Dublin 2, 
Ireland. The Fund has had no employees since registration. 
The investment activities of the Fund are managed by Aspect Capital Limited (the "Investment 
Manager"), with the administration delegated to U.S. Bank Global Fund Services (Ireland) Limited (the 
"Administrator"). 
The Fund's investment objective is to generate returns whilst controlling overall levels of risk. The 
Fund will seek to achieve its investment objective by applying the Aspect Systematic Global Macro 
Programme (the "Programme"). 
The Programme is a proprietary system which has been developed and is maintained and implemented 
by the AIFM. The Programme applies a systematic, duration neutral and relative value approach, which 
deploys multiple investment strategies that seeks to identify quantifiable indicators that can 
systematically be used to capture profitable opportunities across a broad range of equity indices, fixed 
income securities and currencies. 
Generally, the Programme maintains positions in the majority of markets in which it invests. The 
emphasis is upon structuring a genuinely diversified set of market risk allocations that is designed to 
maximise the probability of returns wherever profit opportunities appear. Market exposures are 
monitored daily and the level of exposure in each market is quantifiable at all times and changes in 
accordance with market volatility and liquidity. 
The Fund was registered on 3 May 2018 and the Fund commenced operations on 29 June 2018. 
2. 
BASIS OF PREPARATION 
The financial statements of the ICAV have been prepared in accordance with International Financial 
Reporting Standards ("IFRS") as adopted by the EU and with the ICAV Act 2015. 
The financial statements are prepared on a historical cost basis, except for those on a fair value basis for 
financial derivative instruments and financial assets and liabilities held for trading. 
Use of estimates and judgements 
The preparation of financial statements in accordance with IFRS requires management to make 
estimates and judgements that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of 
contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of 
income and expenses during the year. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 
Information about judgements made in applying accounting policies that have the most significant 
effect on the amounts recognised in the financial statements are included in Note 6 Fair Value 
Information. 
22 
Aspect Investment Programmes ICAV - Aspect Systematic Global Macro Trading Fund 
22 
 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
 
1. 
GENERAL INFORMATION  
 
 
The Aspect Investment Programmes ICAV (the “ICAV”) has been established as an Irish collective 
asset-management vehicle with variable capital and segregated liability between sub-funds registered in 
Ireland on 3 May 2018 under the Irish Collective Asset-management Vehicle Act and authorised by the 
Central Bank as a qualifying investor alternative investment fund. The first and currently sole sub-fund 
of the ICAV is Aspect Systematic Global Macro Trading Fund (the “Fund”).  
 
 
The Fund has been admitted to the official list of the global exchange market of the Euronext Dublin. 
 
 
The Fund’s registered office is located at 2nd Floor, Block E, Iveagh Court, Harcourt Road, Dublin 2, 
Ireland. The Fund has had no employees since registration. 
 
              The investment activities of the Fund are managed by Aspect Capital Limited (the “Investment 
Manager”), with the administration delegated to U.S. Bank Global Fund Services (Ireland) Limited (the 
“Administrator”). 
 
 
The Fund’s investment objective is to generate returns whilst controlling overall levels of risk. The 
Fund will seek to achieve its investment objective by applying the Aspect Systematic Global Macro 
Programme (the “Programme”). 
 
The Programme is a proprietary system which has been developed and is maintained and implemented 
by the AIFM. The Programme applies a systematic, duration neutral and relative value approach, which 
deploys multiple investment strategies that seeks to identify quantifiable indicators that can 
systematically be used to capture profitable opportunities across a broad range of equity indices, fixed 
income securities and currencies. 
 
Generally, the Programme maintains positions in the majority of markets in which it invests. The 
emphasis is upon structuring a genuinely diversified set of market risk allocations that is designed to 
maximise the probability of returns wherever profit opportunities appear. Market exposures are 
monitored daily and the level of exposure in each market is quantifiable at all times and changes in 
accordance with market volatility and liquidity. 
 
 
The Fund was registered on 3 May 2018 and the Fund commenced operations on 29 June 2018.  
 
2. 
BASIS OF PREPARATION 
 
The financial statements of the ICAV have been prepared in accordance with International Financial 
Reporting Standards (“IFRS”) as adopted by the EU and with the ICAV Act 2015. 
 
The financial statements are prepared on a historical cost basis, except for those on a fair value basis for 
financial derivative instruments and financial assets and liabilities held for trading.  
 
Use of estimates and judgements 
The preparation of financial statements in accordance with IFRS requires management to make 
estimates and judgements that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of 
contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of 
income and expenses during the year. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 
 
Information about judgements made in applying accounting policies that have the most significant 
effect on the amounts recognised in the financial statements are included in Note 6 Fair Value 
Information.

--- Page 206 ---
Aspect Investment Programmes ICAV - Aspect Systematic Global Macro Trading Fund 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
3. 
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 
(a) 
Investment transactions and valuation 
(0 Financial instruments 
In accordance with IFRS 9, the Fund classifies its financial assets and financial liabilities at initial 
recognition into the categories of financial assets and financial liabilities discussed below. 
Financial assets 
Financial assets measured at amortised cost 
A financial asset is measured at amortised cost if it meets both of the following conditions and is not 
designated as at Fair Value through Profit or Loss ("FVPL"). 
• 
it is held within a business model whose objective is to hold assets to collect contractual cash flows; 
and 
• 
its contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal 
and interest on the principal amount outstanding. 
The Fund includes in this category cash and cash equivalents, balances due from brokers, securities 
sold receivable, cash collateral posted on derivative contracts and other assets and prepaid expenses. 
Financial assets measured at FVPL 
All financial assets not classified as measured at amortised cost as described above are measured at 
FVPL. This includes all derivative financial assets. On initial recognition, the sub-fund may irrevocably 
designate a financial asset that otherwise meets the requirements to be measured at amortised cost as at 
FVPL if doing so eliminates or significantly reduces an accounting mismatch that would otherwise 
arise. The Fund has not designated any financial assets at FVPL that otherwise meets the requirements 
to be measured at amortised cost. 
The Fund makes an assessment of the objective of the business model in which a fmancial asset is held 
at a portfolio level because this best reflects the way the business is managed and information is 
provided to management. The information considered includes: 
• 
the stated policies and objectives for the portfolio and the operation of those policies in practice; 
• 
how the performance of the portfolio is evaluated and reported to the sub-fund's management; 
• 
the risks that affect the performance of the business model (and the financial assets held within that 
business model) and how those risks are managed; 
• 
how managers of the business are compensated — e.g. whether compensation is based on the fair 
value of the assets managed or the contractual cash flows collected; and 
• 
the frequency, volume and timing of sales of financial assets in prior periods, the reasons for such 
sales and expectations about future sales activity. 
Financial assets that are held for trading or are managed and whose performance is evaluated on a fair 
value basis are measured at FVPL. This category includes investment funds, futures and forward 
foreign exchange contracts. 
23 
Aspect Investment Programmes ICAV - Aspect Systematic Global Macro Trading Fund 
23 
 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
 
3. 
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 
 
(a) 
Investment transactions and valuation 
 
(i) Financial instruments 
In accordance with IFRS 9, the Fund classifies its financial assets and financial liabilities at initial 
recognition into the categories of financial assets and financial liabilities discussed below. 
 
Financial assets 
Financial assets measured at amortised cost  
A financial asset is measured at amortised cost if it meets both of the following conditions and is not 
designated as at Fair Value through Profit or Loss (“FVPL”). 
 
• 
it is held within a business model whose objective is to hold assets to collect contractual cash flows; 
and 
• 
its contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal 
and interest on the principal amount outstanding. 
 
The Fund includes in this category cash and cash equivalents, balances due from brokers, securities 
sold receivable, cash collateral posted on derivative contracts and other assets and prepaid expenses.  
 
Financial assets measured at FVPL 
All financial assets not classified as measured at amortised cost as described above are measured at 
FVPL. This includes all derivative financial assets. On initial recognition, the sub-fund may irrevocably 
designate a financial asset that otherwise meets the requirements to be measured at amortised cost as at 
FVPL if doing so eliminates or significantly reduces an accounting mismatch that would otherwise 
arise. The Fund has not designated any financial assets at FVPL that otherwise meets the requirements 
to be measured at amortised cost.  
 
The Fund makes an assessment of the objective of the business model in which a financial asset is held 
at a portfolio level because this best reflects the way the business is managed and information is 
provided to management. The information considered includes: 
 
• 
the stated policies and objectives for the portfolio and the operation of those policies in practice; 
• 
how the performance of the portfolio is evaluated and reported to the sub-fund’s management; 
• 
the risks that affect the performance of the business model (and the financial assets held within that 
business model) and how those risks are managed; 
• 
how managers of the business are compensated – e.g. whether compensation is based on the fair 
value of the assets managed or the contractual cash flows collected; and 
• 
the frequency, volume and timing of sales of financial assets in prior periods, the reasons for such 
sales and expectations about future sales activity. 
 
Financial assets that are held for trading or are managed and whose performance is evaluated on a fair 
value basis are measured at FVPL. This category includes investment funds, futures and forward 
foreign exchange contracts.

--- Page 207 ---
Aspect Investment Programmes ICAV - Aspect Systematic Global Macro Trading Fund 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
3. 
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued) 
(a) 
Investment transactions and valuation (continued) 
(0 Financial instruments (continued) 
Financial liabilities 
Financial liabilities are measured at amortised cost or FVPL. 
Financial liabilities measured at FVPL 
A financial liability is classified as at FVPL if it is classified as held-for-trading, including derivatives 
and if it is designated as such on initial recognition. Financial liabilities at FVPL are measured at fair 
value and net gains and losses, including any interest expense, are recognised in profit or loss. 
The Fund includes in this category derivative contracts in a liability position since they are classified as 
held for trading. 
Financial liabilities measured at amortised cost 
Other fmancial liabilities are subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest 
method. Interest expense and foreign exchange gains and losses are recognised in profit or loss. Any 
gain or loss on derecognition is also recognised in profit or loss. 
The Fund includes in this category balances due to brokers and other payables. 
(ii) Recognition 
The Fund recognises financial assets and financial liabilities on the date it becomes a party to the 
contractual provisions of the instruments. Investment transactions are recognised on a trade date basis 
and determined on a first-in, first-out (FIFO) basis. Realised and unrealised gains and losses on 
securities transactions are reflected in the Statement of Comprehensive Income. 
(iii) Initial measurement 
Financial instruments are measured initially at fair value (transaction price) plus, in the case of a 
financial asset or fmancial liability not at fair value through profit or loss, transaction costs that are 
directly attributable to the acquisition or issue of the financial asset or financial liability. 
Transaction costs on fmancial assets and financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss are 
expensed immediately on trade date, while on other financial instruments they are amortised. 
(iv) Subsequent measurement 
Subsequent to initial recognition, all instruments classified at fair value through profit or loss, are 
measured at fair value with changes in fair value recognised through profit or loss in the Statement of 
Comprehensive Income. 
Financial liabilities, other than those at fair value through profit or loss, are carried at amortised cost 
using the effective interest rate. 
The fair value of financial instruments is based on their quoted market prices at the Statement of 
Financial Position date without any deduction for estimated selling costs. 
The policy set out in the Fund's valuation policy provides for investments to be valued by the 
Administrator based on prices provided by an independent market data vendor or pricing service that is 
internationally recognised and well established in the context of the relevant instruments. 
IFRS 13, Fair Value Measurement, defines fair value as the price that would be received to sell an asset 
or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement 
date (i.e. an existing price). All prices used are considered most representative of fair value within the 
bid-ask spread. 
24 
Aspect Investment Programmes ICAV - Aspect Systematic Global Macro Trading Fund 
24 
 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
 
3. 
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued) 
 
(a) 
Investment transactions and valuation (continued) 
 
(i) Financial instruments (continued) 
 
Financial liabilities 
Financial liabilities are measured at amortised cost or FVPL. 
 
Financial liabilities measured at FVPL 
A financial liability is classified as at FVPL if it is classified as held-for-trading, including derivatives 
and if it is designated as such on initial recognition. Financial liabilities at FVPL are measured at fair 
value and net gains and losses, including any interest expense, are recognised in profit or loss.  
 
The Fund includes in this category derivative contracts in a liability position since they are classified as 
held for trading. 
 
Financial liabilities measured at amortised cost  
Other financial liabilities are subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest 
method. Interest expense and foreign exchange gains and losses are recognised in profit or loss. Any 
gain or loss on derecognition is also recognised in profit or loss. 
 
The Fund includes in this category balances due to brokers and other payables.  
 
(ii) Recognition 
The Fund recognises financial assets and financial liabilities on the date it becomes a party to the 
contractual provisions of the instruments. Investment transactions are recognised on a trade date basis 
and determined on a first-in, first-out (FIFO) basis. Realised and unrealised gains and losses on 
securities transactions are reflected in the Statement of Comprehensive Income. 
 
(iii) Initial measurement 
Financial instruments are measured initially at fair value (transaction price) plus, in the case of a 
financial asset or financial liability not at fair value through profit or loss, transaction costs that are 
directly attributable to the acquisition or issue of the financial asset or financial liability. 
 
Transaction costs on financial assets and financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss are 
expensed immediately on trade date, while on other financial instruments they are amortised. 
 
(iv) Subsequent measurement 
Subsequent to initial recognition, all instruments classified at fair value through profit or loss, are 
measured at fair value with changes in fair value recognised through profit or loss in the Statement of 
Comprehensive Income. 
 
Financial liabilities, other than those at fair value through profit or loss, are carried at amortised cost 
using the effective interest rate.  
 
The fair value of financial instruments is based on their quoted market prices at the Statement of 
Financial Position date without any deduction for estimated selling costs. 
 
The policy set out in the Fund’s valuation policy provides for investments to be valued by the 
Administrator based on prices provided by an independent market data vendor or pricing service that is 
internationally recognised and well established in the context of the relevant instruments.  
 
IFRS 13, Fair Value Measurement, defines fair value as the price that would be received to sell an asset 
or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement 
date (i.e. an existing price). All prices used are considered most representative of fair value within the 
bid-ask spread.

--- Page 208 ---
Aspect Investment Programmes ICAV - Aspect Systematic Global Macro Trading Fund 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
3. 
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued) 
(a) 
Investment transactions and valuation (continued) 
(v) Impairment 
IFRS 9 requires the ICAV to record the expected credit losses ("ECLs") on all of its financial assets at 
amortised cost, being cash and cash equivalents and other assets on either a 12-month or lifetime basis. 
As the Fund holds receivables and cash it has exposure to credit risk. An ECL assessment was carried 
out, based on this ECL assessment, there is an immaterial exposure to default risk. 
Aspect Capital Limited (the "Investment Manager") is continuously monitoring the ECL of all 
counterparties related to financial assets at amortised costs across all funds through the appointment of a 
counterparty committee that meets regularly do discuss and monitor the current credit ratings of all 
counterparties associated with the funds. Aspect avoids entering into any loan agreements and all 
"receivables" due from brokers are kept to a maximum of 3 month periods giving the Investment 
Manager comfort that the ECL risk is of minimum concern. 
(vi) Derecognition 
The Fund derecognises a financial asset when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the fmancial 
asset expire or it transfers the financial asset and the asset qualifies for derecognition. A fmancial 
liability is derecognised when the obligation specified in the contract is discharged, cancelled or 
expired. 
(b) 
Investment funds/unconsolidated structured entities 
The Fund has concluded that unlisted open-ended investment funds in which it invests, but that it does 
not consolidate, meet the definition of structured entities because: 
• 
The voting rights in the funds are not dominant rights in deciding who controls them because they 
relate to administrative tasks only; 
• Each fund's activities are restricted by its prospectus; and 
• 
The funds have narrow and well-defined objectives to provide investments opportunities to 
investors. 
Investments in open-ended investment funds schemes are typically valued utilising the NAV provided 
by the managers of the underlying funds and/or their administrators. The Fund invests into daily dealing 
money market funds which have no liquidity concerns as at 31 December 2019. 
Details of investments in open-ended investment funds are disclosed in Note 14 Unconsolidated 
Structured Entities. 
The investment objective of these money market funds is to maximise return in their respective 
reference currencies consistent with capital preservation and a high degree of liquidity. Investments in 
these investment funds are included in Level 1 of the fair value hierarchy with fair value determined 
based on the NAV of those investment funds. 
(c) 
Futures contracts 
A futures contract is an agreement between two parties to buy or sell a security, index or currency at a 
specific price or rate at a future date. Upon entering into a futures contract, the Fund is required to 
deposit with a broker an amount of cash or cash equivalents equal to a certain percentage of the contract 
amount. This is known as "initial cash margin". Subsequent payments ("variation margin") are made or 
received by the Fund each day, depending upon the daily fluctuation in the value of the contract. The 
daily changes in contract value are recorded as unrealised gains or losses and the Fund recognises a 
realised gain or loss when the contract is closed. Unrealised gains and losses on futures contracts are 
recognised through profit or loss in the Statement of Comprehensive Income. Accordingly, they have 
been categorised as Level 1 of the fair value hierarchy. 
25 
Aspect Investment Programmes ICAV - Aspect Systematic Global Macro Trading Fund 
25 
 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
 
3. 
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued) 
 
(a) 
Investment transactions and valuation (continued) 
 
(v) Impairment 
IFRS 9 requires the ICAV to record the expected credit losses (“ECLs”) on all of its financial assets at 
amortised cost, being cash and cash equivalents and other assets on either a 12-month or lifetime basis. 
As the Fund holds receivables and cash it has exposure to credit risk. An ECL assessment was carried 
out, based on this ECL assessment, there is an immaterial exposure to default risk. 
 
Aspect Capital Limited (the “Investment Manager”) is continuously monitoring the ECL of all 
counterparties related to financial assets at amortised costs across all funds through the appointment of a 
counterparty committee that meets regularly do discuss and monitor the current credit ratings of all 
counterparties associated with the funds. Aspect avoids entering into any loan agreements and all 
“receivables” due from brokers are kept to a maximum of 3 month periods giving the Investment 
Manager comfort that the ECL risk is of minimum concern. 
 
(vi) Derecognition 
 
The Fund derecognises a financial asset when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the financial 
asset expire or it transfers the financial asset and the asset qualifies for derecognition. A financial 
liability is derecognised when the obligation specified in the contract is discharged, cancelled or 
expired. 
 
 
(b) 
Investment funds/unconsolidated structured entities 
The Fund has concluded that unlisted open-ended investment funds in which it invests, but that it does 
not consolidate, meet the definition of structured entities because: 
 
• 
The voting rights in the funds are not dominant rights in deciding who controls them because they 
relate to administrative tasks only; 
• 
Each fund’s activities are restricted by its prospectus; and 
• 
The funds have narrow and well-defined objectives to provide investments opportunities to 
investors. 
 
Investments in open-ended investment funds schemes are typically valued utilising the NAV provided 
by the managers of the underlying funds and/or their administrators. The Fund invests into daily dealing 
money market funds which have no liquidity concerns as at 31 December 2019.  
 
Details of investments in open-ended investment funds are disclosed in Note 14 Unconsolidated 
Structured Entities. 
 
The investment objective of these money market funds is to maximise return in their respective 
reference currencies consistent with capital preservation and a high degree of liquidity. Investments in 
these investment funds are included in Level 1 of the fair value hierarchy with fair value determined 
based on the NAV of those investment funds. 
 
(c) 
Futures contracts 
A futures contract is an agreement between two parties to buy or sell a security, index or currency at a 
specific price or rate at a future date. Upon entering into a futures contract, the Fund is required to 
deposit with a broker an amount of cash or cash equivalents equal to a certain percentage of the contract 
amount. This is known as “initial cash margin”. Subsequent payments (“variation margin”) are made or 
received by the Fund each day, depending upon the daily fluctuation in the value of the contract. The 
daily changes in contract value are recorded as unrealised gains or losses and the Fund recognises a 
realised gain or loss when the contract is closed. Unrealised gains and losses on futures contracts are 
recognised through profit or loss in the Statement of Comprehensive Income. Accordingly, they have 
been categorised as Level 1 of the fair value hierarchy.

--- Page 209 ---
Aspect Investment Programmes ICAV - Aspect Systematic Global Macro Trading Fund 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
3. 
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued) 
(d) 
Foreign currencies 
The presentation and functional currency of the Fund is the US Dollar ("US$") as the Directors have 
determined that this reflects the Fund's primary economic environment. Transactions in foreign 
currencies are translated at the exchange rate ruling at the date of the transaction. 
Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies at the Statement of Financial Position 
date are translated to the reporting currency at the exchange rate ruling at that date. Foreign exchange 
differences arising on translation are recognised through profit or loss in in the Statement of 
Comprehensive Income. Non-monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies that are 
stated at fair value are translated to the reporting currency at the exchange rates ruling at the dates that 
the values are determined. Non-monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies that 
are stated at historical cost are translated at exchange rate ruling at the date of transaction. 
The foreign exchange rates versus US$ used were as follows: 
2019 
2018 
Currency 
US$ rate 
US$ rate 
AUD 
1.42258 
1.42045 
CAD 
1.29675 
1.36580 
EUR 
0.89087 
0.87478 
GBP 
0.75486 
0.78518 
JPY 
108.67500 
109.71500 
(e) 
Cash and cash equivalents 
Cash and cash equivalents includes cash in hand, deposits held at call with banks and the depositary, 
bank overdrafts and margin balances. 
Cash balances held at bank and the depositary were as follows: 
31 December 2019 
31 December 2018 
US$ 
US$ 
Barclays Plc 
45,859 
37,687 
Credit Suisse Securities (Europe) Limited* 
7,176,685 
734,260 
Morgan Stanley & Co. International Plc* 
8,597,013 
652,860 
Total 
15,819,557 
1,424,807 
* Included in the above amounts is future margin cash (Morgan Stanley & Co. International Plc 
US$6,582,329 and Credit Suisse Securities (Europe) Limited US$7,479,060) and cash collateral 
received or pledged is shown in note 11. The balances shown in the table above presents net balances 
per broker. 
(0 
Offsetting financial assets and liabilities 
Financial assets and liabilities are offset when a current legal right of offset exists and there is intent to 
realise the asset and settle the liability simultaneously or on a net basis. 
(g) 
Share capital 
The issuance, acquisition and cancellation of Fund shares are accounted for as equity transactions. 
Upon issuance of shares, the consideration received is included in equity. Transaction costs incurred by 
the Fund in issuing or acquiring its own equity instruments are accounted for as a deduction from equity 
to the extent that they are incremental costs directly attributable to the equity transaction that otherwise 
would have been avoided. 
(h) 
NAV per redeemable participating share 
The NAV per redeemable participating share disclosed on the face of the Statement of Financial 
Position is calculated by dividing net assets included in the Statement of Financial Position by the 
number of redeemable participating shares outstanding at 31 December 2019. 
26 
Aspect Investment Programmes ICAV - Aspect Systematic Global Macro Trading Fund 
26 
 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
 
3. 
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued) 
 
 
(d) 
Foreign currencies 
The presentation and functional currency of the Fund is the US Dollar (“US$”) as the Directors have 
determined that this reflects the Fund’s primary economic environment. Transactions in foreign 
currencies are translated at the exchange rate ruling at the date of the transaction.  
 
Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies at the Statement of Financial Position 
date are translated to the reporting currency at the exchange rate ruling at that date. Foreign exchange 
differences arising on translation are recognised through profit or loss in in the Statement of 
Comprehensive Income. Non-monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies that are 
stated at fair value are translated to the reporting currency at the exchange rates ruling at the dates that 
the values are determined. Non-monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies that 
are stated at historical cost are translated at exchange rate ruling at the date of transaction. 
 
The foreign exchange rates versus US$ used were as follows:  
 
Currency
2019 
US$ rate 
2018 
US$ rate
AUD 
1.42258 
1.42045 
CAD 
1.29675 
1.36580 
EUR 
0.89087 
0.87478 
GBP 
0.75486 
0.78518 
JPY 
108.67500 
109.71500 
 
(e) 
Cash and cash equivalents 
Cash and cash equivalents includes cash in hand, deposits held at call with banks and the depositary, 
bank overdrafts and margin balances. 
 
Cash balances held at bank and the depositary were as follows: 
 
31 December 2019 
31 December 2018 
  
US$ 
US$ 
Barclays Plc 
45,859 
37,687 
Credit Suisse Securities (Europe) Limited* 
7,176,685 
734,260 
Morgan Stanley & Co. International Plc* 
8,597,013 
652,860 
Total 
15,819,557 
1,424,807 
 
 * Included in the above amounts is future margin cash (Morgan Stanley & Co. International Plc 
US$6,582,329 and Credit Suisse Securities (Europe) Limited US$7,479,060) and cash collateral 
received or pledged is shown in note 11. The balances shown in the table above presents net balances 
per broker. 
 
(f) 
Offsetting financial assets and liabilities 
Financial assets and liabilities are offset when a current legal right of offset exists and there is intent to 
realise the asset and settle the liability simultaneously or on a net basis. 
 
(g) 
Share capital 
The issuance, acquisition and cancellation of Fund shares are accounted for as equity transactions. 
Upon issuance of shares, the consideration received is included in equity. Transaction costs incurred by 
the Fund in issuing or acquiring its own equity instruments are accounted for as a deduction from equity 
to the extent that they are incremental costs directly attributable to the equity transaction that otherwise 
would have been avoided.  
 
(h) 
NAV per redeemable participating share 
The NAV per redeemable participating share disclosed on the face of the Statement of Financial 
Position is calculated by dividing net assets included in the Statement of Financial Position by the 
number of redeemable participating shares outstanding at 31 December 2019.

--- Page 210 ---
Aspect Investment Programmes ICAV - Aspect Systematic Global Macro Trading Fund 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
3. 
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued) 
(0 
Interest 
Interest income and expense presented in the Statement of Comprehensive Income comprise of interest 
on financial assets and financial liabilities measured at amortised cost calculated on an effective interest 
basis. 
The effective interest rate is the rate that exactly discounts estimated future cash payments or receipts 
through the expected life of the financial instrument to: 
- the gross carrying amount of the financial asset; or 
- the amortised cost of the financial liability. 
In calculating interest income and expense, the effective interest rate is applied to the gross carrying 
amount of the asset (when the asset is not credit - impaired) or to the amortised cost of the liability. 
However, for financial assets that have become credit-impaired subsequent to initial recognition, 
interest income is calculated by applying the effective interest rate to the amortised cost of the financial 
asset. If the asset is no longer credit-impaired, then the calculation of interest income reverts to the gross 
basis. 
(i) 
Expenses 
All expenses are recognised in the Statement of Comprehensive Income on an accruals basis. 
(k) 
New standards and interpretations adopted 
The Fund applied, for the first time, certain standards and amendments, which are effective for annual 
periods beginning on or after 1 January 2019. 
IFRS 16 Leases 
IFRS 16 Leases was issued by the IASB on 13 January 2016 and is effective for periods beginning on 
or after 1 January 2019. IFRS 16 leases replaces IAS 17 Leases. IFRS 16 eliminates the current dual 
accounting model for lessees, which distinguishes between on-balance sheet finance leases and off-
balance sheet operating leases. Instead, there is a single, on-balance sheet accounting model that is 
similar to current fmance lease accounting. There was no impact of adopting IFRS 16 for the Fund. 
IFRIC 23 Uncertainty over Income Tax Treatments 
IFRIC 23 sets out how to determine the accounting tax position when there is uncertainty over income 
tax treatment and is effective for annual reporting periods beginning on or after 1 January 2019. There 
was no material impact of adopting IFRIC 23 for the Fund. 
(1) 
New standards, amendments and interpretations effective after 1 January 2019 not early adopted 
Certain new accounting standards and interpretations have been published that are not mandatory for 31 
December 2019 reporting period and have not been early adopted by the ICAV. The following 
standards are not expected to have a material impact on the Fund in the current or future reporting 
periods and on foreseeable future transactions. 
Effective for periods 
Title 
beginning on or after 
Definition of Material — Amendments to IAS 1 and IAS 8 
01 January 2020 
Definition of a Business — Amendments to IFRS 3 
01 January 2020 
Revised Conceptual Framework for Financial Reporting 
01 January 2020 
Interest rate benchmark reform —Amendment to IFRS 7, IFRS 9 and 
IAS 39 
1 January 2020 
IFRS 17 Insurance Contracts 
01 January 2021 
IFRS 8 Reporting segment is not applicable as there is only one sub-fund of the ICAV, Aspect 
Systematic Global Macro Trading Fund. 
(m) 
Other assets and prepaid expenses 
Other assets and prepaid expenses include pre-paid set up fees, legal fees and the expense cap 
receivable form the Investment Manager. 
27 
Aspect Investment Programmes ICAV - Aspect Systematic Global Macro Trading Fund 
27 
 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
 
3. 
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued) 
 
(i) 
Interest 
Interest income and expense presented in the Statement of Comprehensive Income comprise of interest 
on financial assets and financial liabilities measured at amortised cost calculated on an effective interest 
basis.  
 
The effective interest rate is the rate that exactly discounts estimated future cash payments or receipts 
through the expected life of the financial instrument to: 
- the gross carrying amount of the financial asset; or 
- the amortised cost of the financial liability.  
 
In calculating interest income and expense, the effective interest rate is applied to the gross carrying 
amount of the asset (when the asset is not credit - impaired) or to the amortised cost of the liability. 
However, for financial assets that have become credit-impaired subsequent to initial recognition, 
interest income is calculated by applying the effective interest rate to the amortised cost of the financial 
asset. If the asset is no longer credit-impaired, then the calculation of interest income reverts to the gross 
basis.  
 
 
(j) 
Expenses 
All expenses are recognised in the Statement of Comprehensive Income on an accruals basis. 
 
(k) 
New standards and interpretations adopted 
The Fund applied, for the first time, certain standards and amendments, which are effective for annual 
periods beginning on or after 1 January 2019. 
 
IFRS 16 Leases 
IFRS 16 Leases was issued by the IASB on 13 January 2016 and is effective for periods beginning on 
or after 1 January 2019. IFRS 16 leases replaces IAS 17 Leases. IFRS 16 eliminates the current dual 
accounting model for lessees, which distinguishes between on-balance sheet finance leases and off-
balance sheet operating leases. Instead, there is a single, on-balance sheet accounting model that is 
similar to current finance lease accounting. There was no impact of adopting IFRS 16 for the Fund. 
 
IFRIC 23 Uncertainty over Income Tax Treatments 
IFRIC 23 sets out how to determine the accounting tax position when there is uncertainty over income 
tax treatment and is effective for annual reporting periods beginning on or after 1 January 2019. There 
was no material impact of adopting IFRIC 23 for the Fund. 
 
(l)          New standards, amendments and interpretations effective after 1 January 2019 not early adopted 
Certain new accounting standards and interpretations have been published that are not mandatory for 31 
December 2019 reporting period and have not been early adopted by the ICAV. The following 
standards are not expected to have a material impact on the Fund in the current or future reporting 
periods and on foreseeable future transactions. 
Title 
Effective for periods 
beginning on or after 
Definition of Material – Amendments to IAS 1 and IAS 8 
01 January 2020 
Definition of a Business – Amendments to IFRS 3 
01 January 2020 
Revised Conceptual Framework for Financial Reporting 
01 January 2020 
Interest rate benchmark reform –Amendment to IFRS 7, IFRS 9 and 
IAS 39 
1 January 2020 
IFRS 17 Insurance Contracts 
01 January 2021 
 
IFRS 8 Reporting segment is not applicable as there is only one sub-fund of the ICAV, Aspect 
Systematic Global Macro Trading Fund. 
 
(m) 
Other assets and prepaid expenses 
Other assets and prepaid expenses include pre-paid set up fees, legal fees and the expense cap 
receivable form the Investment Manager.

--- Page 211 ---
Aspect Investment Programmes ICAV - Aspect Systematic Global Macro Trading Fund 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
4. 
FINANCIAL ASSETS AND LIABILITIES 
The following table details the categories of financial assets and liabilities held by the Fund at the 
reporting date: 
Assets 
31 December 2019 
31 December 2018 
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss 
US$ 
US$ 
Money market funds 
6,588,749 
439,662 
Unrealised gain on futures contracts 
5,285,463 
212,258 
Total financial assets at fair value through profit or loss 
11,874,212 
651,920 
Liabilities 
Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss 
Unrealised loss on futures contracts 
(6,529,601) 
(472,495) 
Total financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss 
(6,529,601) 
(472,495) 
5. 
GAINS AND LOSSES FROM FINANCIAL ASSETS AND LIABILITIES AT FAIR VALUE 
THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS 
The following table details the gains and losses from financial assets and liabilities at fair value through 
profit or loss for the year/period: 
Gains and losses from financial assets and liabilities 
31 December 2019 
31 December 2018* 
US$ 
US$ 
Net gains/(losses) from financial assets and liabilities at fair 
value through profit or loss 
Realised gain on disposal of investments and other derivative 
contracts 
66,656,757 
1,899,650 
Realised loss on disposal of investments and other derivative 
contracts 
(61,379,785) 
(849,638) 
Net change in unrealised appreciation on investments and other 
derivative contracts 
5,757,959 
212,258 
Net change in unrealised depreciation on investments and other 
derivative contracts 
(6,741,859) 
(472,496) 
Net realised gain/(loss) on foreign exchange 
6,325 
(7,204) 
Net change in unrealised depreciation on foreign exchange 
(25,234) 
(1,168) 
Total net gain from financial assets and liabilities at fair 
value through profit or loss 
4,274,163 
781,402 
*For the period from 3 May 2018 (date of incorporation) to 31 December 2018. 
6. 
FAIR VALUE INFORMATION 
The fair value of financial assets and liabilities traded in active markets (such as publicly traded 
derivatives and trading securities) are based on quoted market prices at the close of trading on the 
period-end date. IFRS 13, 'Fair Value Measurement' requires the Fund to price its financial assets and 
liabilities using the price in the bid-ask spread that is most representative of fair value for both financial 
assets and financial liabilities. An active market is a market in which transactions for the asset or 
liability take place with sufficient frequency and volume to provide pricing information on an ongoing 
basis. The fair value of financial assets and liabilities that are not traded in an active market is 
determined by using various methods including alternative price sources sourced from a reputable 
broker/counterparty, validated and periodically reviewed by the Investment Manager, independently of 
the party that calculated them, using market standard models. 
28 
Aspect Investment Programmes ICAV - Aspect Systematic Global Macro Trading Fund 
28 
 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
 
4. 
FINANCIAL ASSETS AND LIABILITIES  
 
The following table details the categories of financial assets and liabilities held by the Fund at the 
reporting date:  
            
Assets 
31 December 2019 
 
31 December 2018 
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss 
US$ 
 
US$ 
Money market funds 
6,588,749 
 
439,662 
Unrealised gain on futures contracts 
5,285,463 
 
212,258 
Total financial assets at fair value through profit or loss 
11,874,212 
 
651,920 
 
 
 
 
Liabilities 
 
 
 
Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss 
 
 
 
Unrealised loss on futures contracts 
(6,529,601) 
 
(472,495) 
Total financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss 
(6,529,601) 
 
(472,495) 
 
5. 
GAINS AND LOSSES FROM FINANCIAL ASSETS AND LIABILITIES AT FAIR VALUE 
THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS 
 
The following table details the gains and losses from financial assets and liabilities at fair value through 
profit or loss for the year/period: 
 
Gains and losses from financial assets and liabilities 
31 December 2019 
 
31 December 2018* 
 
US$ 
 
US$ 
Net gains/(losses) from financial assets and liabilities at fair 
value through profit or loss 
 
 
 
Realised gain on disposal of investments and other derivative 
contracts 
66,656,757 
 
1,899,650 
Realised loss on disposal of investments and other derivative 
contracts 
(61,379,785) 
 
(849,638) 
Net change in unrealised appreciation on investments and other 
derivative contracts 
5,757,959 
 
212,258 
Net change in unrealised depreciation on investments and other 
derivative contracts 
(6,741,859) 
 
(472,496) 
Net realised gain/(loss) on foreign exchange 
6,325 
 
(7,204) 
Net change in unrealised depreciation on foreign exchange 
(25,234) 
 
(1,168) 
Total net gain from financial assets and liabilities at fair 
value through profit or loss 
4,274,163 
 
781,402 
 
*For the period from 3 May 2018 (date of incorporation) to 31 December 2018. 
 
6. 
FAIR VALUE INFORMATION 
 
The fair value of financial assets and liabilities traded in active markets (such as publicly traded 
derivatives and trading securities) are based on quoted market prices at the close of trading on the 
period-end date. IFRS 13, ‘Fair Value Measurement’ requires the Fund to price its financial assets and 
liabilities using the price in the bid-ask spread that is most representative of fair value for both financial 
assets and financial liabilities. An active market is a market in which transactions for the asset or 
liability take place with sufficient frequency and volume to provide pricing information on an ongoing 
basis. The fair value of financial assets and liabilities that are not traded in an active market is 
determined by using various methods including alternative price sources sourced from a reputable 
broker/counterparty, validated and periodically reviewed by the Investment Manager, independently of 
the party that calculated them, using market standard models.

--- Page 212 ---
Aspect Investment Programmes ICAV - Aspect Systematic Global Macro Trading Fund 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
6. 
FAIR VALUE INFORMATION (continued) 
The hierarchy is broken down into three levels based on the observability of inputs as follows: 
Level 1: Inputs that are quoted market prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical instruments. 
Level 2: Inputs other than quoted prices included in Level 1 that are observable, either directly (i.e. as 
prices) or indirectly (i.e. derived from prices). This category includes instruments valued using: quoted 
prices in active markets for similar instruments; quoted prices for identical or similar instruments in 
markets that are considered less than active; or other valuation techniques for which all significant 
inputs are directly or indirectly observable from market data. 
Level 3: Inputs that are unobservable. This category includes all instruments for which the valuation 
technique includes inputs not based on observable data and the unobservable inputs have a significant 
effect on the instrument's valuation. This category includes instruments that are valued based on quoted 
prices for similar instruments for which significant unobservable adjustments or assumptions are 
required to reflect differences between the instruments. 
The level in the fair value hierarchy within which the fair value measurement is categorised in its 
entirety is determined on the basis of the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value 
measurement in its entirety. For this purpose, the significance of an input is assessed against the fair 
value measurement in its entirety. If a fair value measurement uses observable inputs that require 
significant adjustment based on unobservable inputs, that measurement is a Level 3 measurement. 
Assessing the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement in its entirety requires 
judgement, considering factors specific to the asset or liability. The determination of what constitutes 
`observable' requires significant judgement by the Fund. The Fund considers observable data to be that 
market data that is readily available, regularly distributed or updated, reliable and verifiable, not 
proprietary, and provided by independent sources that are actively involved in the relevant market. 
Set forth below are the Fund's financial instruments at 31 December 2019 categorised based on the 
hierarchy set out in IFRS 13: 
Assets 
Level 1 
Fair value 
As % of 
Total 
Fair value 
As % of 
Investment type 
US$ 
net assets 
US$ 
net assets 
Investment funds: 
United States 
Money market fund 
6,588,749 
31.22% 
6,588,749 
31.22% 
Financial derivative 
instruments: 
Futures contracts 
5,285,463 
25.05% 
5,285,463 
25.05% 
Total 
11,874,212 
56.27% 
11,874,212 
56.27% 
Liabilities 
Level 1 
Total 
Fair value 
As % of 
Fair value 
As % of 
Investment type 
US$ 
net assets 
US$ 
net assets 
Financial derivative 
instruments: 
Futures contracts 
(6,529,601) 
(30.94%) 
(6,529,601) 
(30.94%) 
Total 
(6,529,601) 
(30.94%) 
(6,529,601) 
(30.94%) 
29 
Aspect Investment Programmes ICAV - Aspect Systematic Global Macro Trading Fund 
29 
 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
 
6. 
FAIR VALUE INFORMATION (continued) 
 
The hierarchy is broken down into three levels based on the observability of inputs as follows: 
 
Level 1: Inputs that are quoted market prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical instruments. 
 
Level 2: Inputs other than quoted prices included in Level 1 that are observable, either directly (i.e. as 
prices) or indirectly (i.e. derived from prices). This category includes instruments valued using: quoted 
prices in active markets for similar instruments; quoted prices for identical or similar instruments in 
markets that are considered less than active; or other valuation techniques for which all significant 
inputs are directly or indirectly observable from market data.  
 
Level 3: Inputs that are unobservable. This category includes all instruments for which the valuation 
technique includes inputs not based on observable data and the unobservable inputs have a significant 
effect on the instrument’s valuation. This category includes instruments that are valued based on quoted 
prices for similar instruments for which significant unobservable adjustments or assumptions are 
required to reflect differences between the instruments. 
 
The level in the fair value hierarchy within which the fair value measurement is categorised in its 
entirety is determined on the basis of the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value 
measurement in its entirety. For this purpose, the significance of an input is assessed against the fair 
value measurement in its entirety. If a fair value measurement uses observable inputs that require 
significant adjustment based on unobservable inputs, that measurement is a Level 3 measurement.  
 
Assessing the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement in its entirety requires 
judgement, considering factors specific to the asset or liability. The determination of what constitutes 
‘observable’ requires significant judgement by the Fund. The Fund considers observable data to be that 
market data that is readily available, regularly distributed or updated, reliable and verifiable, not 
proprietary, and provided by independent sources that are actively involved in the relevant market. 
 
Set forth below are the Fund’s financial instruments at 31 December 2019 categorised based on the 
hierarchy set out in IFRS 13: 
 
Assets 
Level 1 
Total 
  
Fair value
As % of
Fair value
As % of
Investment type 
US$
net assets
US$
net assets
Investment funds: 
 
 
 
 
United States 
    Money market fund 
6,588,749
31.22%
6,588,749
31.22%
Financial derivative 
instruments: 
    Futures contracts 
5,285,463
25.05%
5,285,463
25.05%
Total 
11,874,212
56.27%
11,874,212
56.27%
  
  
  
  
  
Liabilities 
Level 1 
Total 
  
Fair value
As % of
Fair value
As % of
Investment type 
US$
net assets
US$
net assets
Financial derivative  
 
 
 
instruments: 
 
 
 
    Futures contracts 
(6,529,601)
(30.94%)
(6,529,601)
(30.94%)
Total 
(6,529,601)
(30.94%)
(6,529,601)
(30.94%)

--- Page 213 ---
Aspect Investment Programmes ICAV - Aspect Systematic Global Macro Trading Fund 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
6. 
FAIR VALUE INFORMATION (continued) 
Set forth below are the Fund's financial instruments at 31 December 2018 categorised based on the 
hierarchy set out in IFRS 13: 
Assets 
Level 1 
Total 
Fair value 
As % of 
Fair value 
As % of 
Investment type 
US$ 
net assets 
US$ 
net assets 
Investment funds: 
United States 
Money market fund 
439,662 
26.87% 
439,662 
26.87% 
Financial derivative 
instruments: 
Futures contracts 
212,258 
12.97% 
212,258 
12.97% 
Total 
651,920 
39.84% 
651,920 
39.84% 
Liabilities 
Level 1 
Total 
Fair value 
As % of 
Fair value 
As % of 
Investment type 
US$ 
net assets 
US$ 
net assets 
Financial derivative 
instruments: 
Futures contracts 
(472,495) 
(28.87%) 
(472,495) 
(28.87%) 
Total 
(472,495) 
(28.87%) 
(472,495) 
(28.87%) 
Details of notionals for derivatives are disclosed in the Schedule of Investments. 
There were no significant transfers between levels during the year or prior period and no Level 2 or 
Level 3 investments were held at 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2018. 
Investments whose values are based on quoted market prices in active markets, and are therefore 
classified within Level 1, include money market funds, US government treasury bills and futures. The 
Fund does not adjust the quoted price for these instruments. 
Financial instruments that trade in markets that are not considered to be active but are valued based on 
quoted market prices, dealer quotations or alternative pricing sources supported by observable inputs 
are classified within Level 2. These include forward foreign exchange contracts at 31 December 2018. 
As Level 2 investments include positions that are not traded in active markets and/or are subject to 
transfer restrictions, valuations may be adjusted to reflect illiquidity and/or non-transferability, which 
are generally based on available market information. 
Investments classified within Level 3 have significant unobservable inputs, as they trade infrequently. 
Cash and cash equivalents is classified as Level 2. All other assets and liabilities are carried at 
amortised cost and are classified as Level 2 within the fair value hierarchy. Their carrying values are a 
reasonable approximation of fair value. 
The assets and liabilities are carried at amortised cost; their carrying values are a reasonable 
approximation of fair value. Cash and cash equivalents includes cash on hand, deposits held with banks, 
margin cash and broker balances. 
30 
Aspect Investment Programmes ICAV - Aspect Systematic Global Macro Trading Fund 
30 
 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
 
6. 
FAIR VALUE INFORMATION (continued) 
 
Set forth below are the Fund’s financial instruments at 31 December 2018 categorised based on the 
hierarchy set out in IFRS 13: 
 
Assets 
Level 1 
Total 
  
Fair value
As % of
Fair value
As % of
Investment type 
US$
net assets
US$
net assets
Investment funds: 
 
 
 
 
United States 
    Money market fund 
439,662
26.87%
439,662
26.87%
Financial derivative 
instruments: 
    Futures contracts 
212,258
12.97%
212,258
12.97%
Total 
651,920
39.84%
651,920
39.84%
  
  
  
  
  
Liabilities 
Level 1 
Total 
  
Fair value
As % of
Fair value
As % of
Investment type 
US$
net assets
US$
net assets
Financial derivative  
 
 
 
instruments: 
 
 
 
    Futures contracts 
(472,495)
(28.87%)
(472,495)
(28.87%)
Total 
(472,495)
(28.87%)
(472,495)
(28.87%)
 
Details of notionals for derivatives are disclosed in the Schedule of Investments. 
 
There were no significant transfers between levels during the year or prior period and no Level 2 or 
Level 3 investments were held at 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2018. 
 
Investments whose values are based on quoted market prices in active markets, and are therefore 
classified within Level 1, include money market funds, US government treasury bills and futures. The 
Fund does not adjust the quoted price for these instruments. 
 
Financial instruments that trade in markets that are not considered to be active but are valued based on 
quoted market prices, dealer quotations or alternative pricing sources supported by observable inputs 
are classified within Level 2. These include forward foreign exchange contracts at 31 December 2018. 
As Level 2 investments include positions that are not traded in active markets and/or are subject to 
transfer restrictions, valuations may be adjusted to reflect illiquidity and/or non-transferability, which 
are generally based on available market information. 
 
Investments classified within Level 3 have significant unobservable inputs, as they trade infrequently.  
 
Cash and cash equivalents is classified as Level 2. All other assets and liabilities are carried at 
amortised cost and are classified as Level 2 within the fair value hierarchy. Their carrying values are a 
reasonable approximation of fair value. 
 
The assets and liabilities are carried at amortised cost; their carrying values are a reasonable 
approximation of fair value. Cash and cash equivalents includes cash on hand, deposits held with banks, 
margin cash and broker balances.

--- Page 214 ---
Aspect Investment Programmes ICAV - Aspect Systematic Global Macro Trading Fund 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
7. 
FEES AND EXPENSES 
a) Management fee 
The Investment Manager is entitled to receive out of the assets of the Fund a nominal annual 
management fee of US$1. The management fee will accrue as at each Valuation Point and is payable 
monthly in arrears. 
Expense cap 
Expense cap will be applied in respect of the shares to ensure that the Fund's total annual operating 
expenses, excluding (i) the investment management and performance fees (ii) taxes, (iii) interest, (iv) 
extraordinary items and (v) trading and brokerage expenses or commissions, do not exceed, on an 
annual basis 0.30% of the Fund's average annual NAV. Where the expense cap is exceeded, the 
Investment Manager will be responsible for making up the shortfall of such fees and expenses and it 
will not be the responsibility of the Fund to discharge same. 
The management fee and administration fees of US$1 are paid at the indirect parent level, by Aspect 
UCITS Funds plc (through investment in the certificates). 
Management fee for the Aspect UCITS Funds plc payable as at 31 December 2019 amounted to 
US$31,146 (31 December 2018: US$63,197). During the year ended 31 December 2019, the 
management fee for the Aspect UCITS Funds plc totalled US$286,662 (period from 3 May 2018 (date 
of incorporation) to 31 December 2018: US$63,197). 
During the year ended 31 December 2019, the management fee expense totalled nil (period ended 31 
December 2018: nil). 
b) Administration fee 
U.S. Bank Global Fund Services (Ireland) Limited receives an annual nominal administration fee of 
US$1 per annum. The Administrator shall also be entitled to be reimbursed out of the assets of the Fund 
for all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by it on behalf of the Fund in the performance of its 
obligations. Such expenses, when incurred, are payable monthly in arrears. 
Administration fee payable as at 31 December 2019 amounted to US$nil (31 December 2018: nil). 
During the year ended 31 December 2019, the administration fee totalled US$nil (period from 3 May 
2018 (date of incorporation) to 31 December 2018: nil). 
c) Depositary fees 
The Depositary charges the Fund fees of (i) 0.023% per annum of the NAV of the Fund subject to a 
monthly minimum fee of US$2,875 (plus VAT if any). 
The Depositary minimum fee has been waived for the period from 3 May 2018 (date of incorporation) 
to 31 December 2019. 
d) Audit fee 
Remuneration payable to the statutory auditor in respect of audit services to the Fund as at 31 December 
2019 amounted to US$23,180 (31 December 2018: US$23,180). During the year ended 31 December 
2019, the audit fee totalled US$23,180 (period from 3 May 2018 (date of incorporation) to 31 
December 2018: US$23,180). 
e) Directors' fee 
Directors' fee payable as at 31 December 2019 amounted to US$nil (31 December 2018: nil). During 
the year ended 31 December 2019, the directors' fee totalled US$63,795 (period from 3 May 2018 (date 
of incorporation) to 31 December 2018: US$21,344). 
f) Brokerage charges fee and other operating expenses 
The Brokers receive brokerage charges, which are based upon a combination of transaction charges and 
borrowing fees. Additionally, the Fund bears all other ongoing operating costs and expenses up to 30 
basis points, the Investment Manager bears any additional operating costs and expenses. 
31 
Aspect Investment Programmes ICAV - Aspect Systematic Global Macro Trading Fund 
31 
 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
 
7. 
FEES AND EXPENSES  
 
a) Management fee 
The Investment Manager is entitled to receive out of the assets of the Fund a nominal annual 
management fee of US$1. The management fee will accrue as at each Valuation Point and is payable 
monthly in arrears. 
 
Expense cap 
Expense cap will be applied in respect of the shares to ensure that the Fund’s total annual operating 
expenses, excluding (i) the investment management and performance fees (ii) taxes, (iii) interest, (iv) 
extraordinary items and (v) trading and brokerage expenses or commissions, do not exceed, on an 
annual basis 0.30% of the Fund’s average annual NAV. Where the expense cap is exceeded, the 
Investment Manager will be responsible for making up the shortfall of such fees and expenses and it 
will not be the responsibility of the Fund to discharge same. 
 
The management fee and administration fees of US$1 are paid at the indirect parent level, by Aspect 
UCITS Funds plc (through investment in the certificates).  
 
Management fee for the Aspect UCITS Funds plc payable as at 31 December 2019 amounted to 
US$31,146 (31 December 2018: US$63,197). During the year ended 31 December 2019, the 
management fee for the Aspect UCITS Funds plc totalled US$286,662 (period from 3 May 2018 (date 
of incorporation) to 31 December 2018: US$63,197).  
 
During the year ended 31 December 2019, the management fee expense totalled nil (period ended 31 
December 2018: nil). 
 
b) Administration fee  
U.S. Bank Global Fund Services (Ireland) Limited receives an annual nominal administration fee of 
US$1 per annum. The Administrator shall also be entitled to be reimbursed out of the assets of the Fund 
for all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by it on behalf of the Fund in the performance of its 
obligations. Such expenses, when incurred, are payable monthly in arrears. 
 
Administration fee payable as at 31 December 2019 amounted to US$nil (31 December 2018: nil). 
During the year ended 31 December 2019, the administration fee totalled US$nil (period from 3 May 
2018 (date of incorporation) to 31 December 2018: nil). 
 
c) Depositary fees 
The Depositary charges the Fund fees of (i) 0.023% per annum of the NAV of the Fund subject to a 
monthly minimum fee of US$2,875 (plus VAT if any).  
 
The Depositary minimum fee has been waived for the period from 3 May 2018 (date of incorporation) 
to 31 December 2019. 
 
 d)  Audit fee 
Remuneration payable to the statutory auditor in respect of audit services to the Fund as at 31 December 
2019 amounted to US$23,180 (31 December 2018: US$23,180). During the year ended 31 December 
2019, the audit fee totalled US$23,180 (period from 3 May 2018 (date of incorporation) to 31 
December 2018:  US$23,180). 
 
        e)   Directors’ fee 
Directors’ fee payable as at 31 December 2019 amounted to US$nil (31 December 2018: nil). During 
the year ended 31 December 2019, the directors’ fee totalled US$63,795 (period from 3 May 2018 (date 
of incorporation) to 31 December 2018: US$21,344). 
 
f) 
Brokerage charges fee and other operating expenses  
The Brokers receive brokerage charges, which are based upon a combination of transaction charges and 
borrowing fees. Additionally, the Fund bears all other ongoing operating costs and expenses up to 30 
basis points, the Investment Manager bears any additional operating costs and expenses.

--- Page 215 ---
Aspect Investment Programmes ICAV - Aspect Systematic Global Macro Trading Fund 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
8. 
TAXATION 
Under current law and practice the Fund qualifies as an investment undertaking as defined in Section 
739B of the Taxes Consolidation Act, 1997, as amended. On this basis, the Fund will not be liable to 
tax in respect of its income and gains, other than on the occurrence of a chargeable event. Generally a 
chargeable event arises on any distribution, redemption, repurchase, cancellation; transfer of shares or 
on the ending of a "Relevant Period". A "Relevant Period" being an eight year period beginning with 
the acquisition of the shares by the shareholder and each subsequent period of eight years beginning 
immediately after the preceding Relevant Period. 
A gain on a chargeable event does not arise in respect of: 
(i) 
any transactions in relation to shares held in a recognised clearing system as designated by 
order of the Revenue Commissioners of Ireland; 
(ii) 
the exchange by a shareholder of shares in the undertaking for other shares in the investment 
undertaking; 
(iii) 
an exchange of shares arising on a qualifying amalgamation or reconstruction of the Fund with 
another fund; 
(iv) 
certain exchanges of shares between spouses and former spouses; 
(v) 
an exchange by a shareholder, effected by way of an arm's length bargain where no payment is 
made to the shareholder of share in the Fund for other shares in the Fund; 
(vi) 
shareholders who are neither Irish Resident nor Irish Ordinary Resident for tax purposes at the 
time of the chargeable event and who have provided the Fund with a relevant declaration to 
that effect; and 
(vii) 
certain exempted Irish tax resident shareholders who have provided the Fund with the 
necessary signed statutory declarations. 
9. 
SHARE TRANSACTIONS 
The authorised share capital of the ICAV is 2 Subscriber Shares of El each and 1,000,000,000,000 
shares of no par value initially designated as unclassified participating shares. The minimum issued 
share capital of the Fund is E2 or its equivalent in another currency. The maximum issued share capital 
of the ICAV is 1,000,000,000,000 shares of no par value and 2 Subscriber Shares of El each. 
There are no restrictions on redemptions as the Fund is an open ended investment scheme. The shares 
may be redeemed daily at the NAV per share of the respective class. Redemption cut off is two business 
days prior to the relevant redemption Dealing Date. 
Transactions by class for the year ended 31 December 2019 were as follows: 
No of 
Class A shares 
2019 
No of 
Class A shares 
2018 
Shares balance at beginning of the year/period 
1,232,642 
Issue of shares 
29,169,278 
2,081,844 
Redemption of shares 
(8,999,776) 
(849,202) 
Share balance at end of the year/period 
21,402,144 
1,232,642 
Dividends 
The Directors may at their discretion declare dividends from time to time in respect of the shares. It is 
not the current intention to pay dividends and no dividends have been declared during the year ended 31 
December 2019 (period from 3 May 2018 (date of incorporation) to 31 December 2018: nil). 
32 
Aspect Investment Programmes ICAV - Aspect Systematic Global Macro Trading Fund 
32 
 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
 
8. 
TAXATION  
 
Under current law and practice the Fund qualifies as an investment undertaking as defined in Section 
739B of the Taxes Consolidation Act, 1997, as amended. On this basis, the Fund will not be liable to 
tax in respect of its income and gains, other than on the occurrence of a chargeable event. Generally a 
chargeable event arises on any distribution, redemption, repurchase, cancellation; transfer of shares or 
on the ending of a “Relevant Period”. A “Relevant Period” being an eight year period beginning with 
the acquisition of the shares by the shareholder and each subsequent period of eight years beginning 
immediately after the preceding Relevant Period. 
 
A gain on a chargeable event does not arise in respect of: 
 
(i) 
any transactions in relation to shares held in a recognised clearing system as designated by 
order of the Revenue Commissioners of Ireland;  
 
(ii) 
the exchange by a shareholder of shares in the undertaking for other shares in the investment 
undertaking;  
 
(iii) 
an exchange of shares arising on a qualifying amalgamation or reconstruction of the Fund with 
another fund;  
 
(iv) 
certain exchanges of shares between spouses and former spouses; 
 
(v) 
an exchange by a shareholder, effected by way of an arm’s length bargain where no payment is 
made to the shareholder of share in the Fund for other shares in the Fund; 
 
(vi) 
shareholders who are neither Irish Resident nor Irish Ordinary Resident for tax purposes at the 
time of the chargeable event and who have provided the Fund with a relevant declaration to 
that effect; and  
 
(vii) 
certain exempted Irish tax resident shareholders who have provided the Fund with the 
 
necessary signed statutory declarations. 
 
9. 
SHARE TRANSACTIONS 
 
The authorised share capital of the ICAV is 2 Subscriber Shares of €1 each and 1,000,000,000,000 
shares of no par value initially designated as unclassified participating shares. The minimum issued 
share capital of the Fund is €2 or its equivalent in another currency. The maximum issued share capital 
of the ICAV is 1,000,000,000,000 shares of no par value and 2 Subscriber Shares of €1 each. 
 
There are no restrictions on redemptions as the Fund is an open ended investment scheme. The shares 
may be redeemed daily at the NAV per share of the respective class. Redemption cut off is two business 
days prior to the relevant redemption Dealing Date.  
 
Transactions by class for the year ended 31 December 2019 were as follows:  
 
 
 
No of 
 
No of 
 
 
Class A shares 
 
Class A shares 
 
 
2019 
 
2018 
Shares balance at beginning of the year/period 
 
1,232,642 
 
- 
Issue of shares 
 
29,169,278 
 
2,081,844 
Redemption of shares 
 
(8,999,776) 
 
(849,202) 
Share balance at end of the year/period 
 
21,402,144 
 
1,232,642 
 
Dividends 
The Directors may at their discretion declare dividends from time to time in respect of the shares. It is 
not the current intention to pay dividends and no dividends have been declared during the year ended 31 
December 2019 (period from 3 May 2018 (date of incorporation) to 31 December 2018: nil).

--- Page 216 ---
Aspect Investment Programmes ICAV - Aspect Systematic Global Macro Trading Fund 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
10. 
NET ASSET VALUES 
Under IFRS costs of establishment are charged immediately to income after the start/inception of a 
Fund. Total estimated costs of establishment amounted to US$80,500 of which US$56,798 remained 
unamortised at the year end. In accordance with the Prospectus, for dealing purposes, costs of 
establishment are amortised on a straight line basis over a period of up to 5 years. 
31 December 2019 
NAV 
NAV per share 
Class A (USD) 
US$ 
US$ 
NAV for dealing purposes 
21,160,635 
0.9887 
Unamortised set up costs of the Fund 
(56,798) 
(0.0027) 
NAV per financial statements 
21,103,837 
0.9861 
31 December 2018 
Class A (USD) 
NAV for dealing purposes 
1,709,179 
1.3866 
Unamortised set up costs of the Fund 
(73,058) 
(0.0593) 
NAV per financial statements 
1,636,121 
1.3273 
11. 
FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS AND ASSOCIATED RISKS 
The Fund's investing activities expose it to various types of risk that are associated with the financial 
investments and markets in which it invests. 
Asset allocation is determined by the Fund's Investment Manager, Aspect Capital Limited, who 
manages distribution of assets to achieve the investment objective. Divergence from target asset 
allocation and the composition of the portfolio is closely monitored by the Fund's Investment Manager. 
The Investment Manager employs a Value at Risk ("VaR") methodology and other risk management 
procedures to monitor the Fund's risk within pre-defined guidelines. If risk exceeds the maximum 
prescribed level, risk reducing trades will be entered into. These trades will be unwound at such time 
that the Fund's risk is below the maximum prescribed level under normal gearing. Additionally, the 
Investment Manager has developed mechanisms designed to ensure that risk is controlled effectively at 
both the individual market and portfolio level. 
In controlling the risks to the Fund, the Investment Manager may intervene in the risk management 
framework in extreme market situations where the Investment Manager believes at the relevant time 
that such intervention is in the best interests of the Fund. 
Market risk 
Market risk is the risk that changes in interest rate, foreign exchange rates and market prices will affect 
positions held by the Fund. The Fund is exposed to market risk on financial instruments. 
Other price risk 
Other price risk is the risk that the value of an instrument will fluctuate as a result of changes in market 
prices (other than those arising from changes in interest rates, foreign exchange rates or equity and 
commodity prices), whether caused by factors specific to an individual investment, its issuer or all 
factors affecting all instruments traded in the market. As the majority of the Fund's financial 
instruments are carried at fair value with fair value changes recognised in the Statement of 
Comprehensive Income, all changes in market conditions will directly affect net investment income. 
33 
Aspect Investment Programmes ICAV - Aspect Systematic Global Macro Trading Fund 
33 
 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
 
10. 
NET ASSET VALUES  
 
 
Under IFRS costs of establishment are charged immediately to income after the start/inception of a 
Fund. Total estimated costs of establishment amounted to US$80,500 of which US$56,798 remained 
unamortised at the year end. In accordance with the Prospectus, for dealing purposes, costs of 
establishment are amortised on a straight line basis over a period of up to 5 years.  
  
31 December 2019 
NAV 
  
NAV per share 
Class A (USD) 
US$ 
  
US$ 
NAV for dealing purposes 
21,160,635 
 
0.9887 
Unamortised set up costs of the Fund 
(56,798) 
 
(0.0027) 
NAV per financial statements 
21,103,837 
 
0.9861 
 
 
 
 
31 December 2018 
 
 
 
Class A (USD) 
 
 
 
NAV for dealing purposes 
1,709,179 
 
1.3866 
Unamortised set up costs of the Fund 
(73,058) 
 
(0.0593) 
NAV per financial statements 
1,636,121 
 
1.3273 
 
11. 
FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS AND ASSOCIATED RISKS  
 
The Fund’s investing activities expose it to various types of risk that are associated with the financial 
investments and markets in which it invests.  
 
Asset allocation is determined by the Fund’s Investment Manager, Aspect Capital Limited, who 
manages distribution of assets to achieve the investment objective. Divergence from target asset 
allocation and the composition of the portfolio is closely monitored by the Fund’s Investment Manager.  
 
The Investment Manager employs a Value at Risk (“VaR”) methodology and other risk management 
procedures to monitor the Fund’s risk within pre-defined guidelines. If risk exceeds the maximum 
prescribed level, risk reducing trades will be entered into. These trades will be unwound at such time 
that the Fund’s risk is below the maximum prescribed level under normal gearing. Additionally, the 
Investment Manager has developed mechanisms designed to ensure that risk is controlled effectively at 
both the individual market and portfolio level.   
 
In controlling the risks to the Fund, the Investment Manager may intervene in the risk management 
framework in extreme market situations where the Investment Manager believes at the relevant time 
that such intervention is in the best interests of the Fund.  
 
Market risk 
Market risk is the risk that changes in interest rate, foreign exchange rates and market prices will affect 
positions held by the Fund. The Fund is exposed to market risk on financial instruments.  
 
Other price risk 
Other price risk is the risk that the value of an instrument will fluctuate as a result of changes in market 
prices (other than those arising from changes in interest rates, foreign exchange rates or equity and 
commodity prices), whether caused by factors specific to an individual investment, its issuer or all 
factors affecting all instruments traded in the market. As the majority of the Fund’s financial 
instruments are carried at fair value with fair value changes recognised in the Statement of 
Comprehensive Income, all changes in market conditions will directly affect net investment income.

--- Page 217 ---
Aspect Investment Programmes ICAV - Aspect Systematic Global Macro Trading Fund 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
11. 
FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS AND ASSOCIATED RISKS (continued) 
Market risk (continued) 
Other price risk (continued) 
Other price risk is managed by the Fund's Investment Manager by investing primarily in liquid 
instruments with frequent pricing. The following table details the breakdown of investment assets and 
liabilities held by the Fund. 
31 December 2019 
31 December 2018 
Assets 
% of net assets 
% of net assets 
Investment assets 
Money market fund 
31.22% 
25.72% 
Unrealised gain on futures contracts 
25.05% 
12.42% 
Total investment assets 
56.27% 
38.14% 
Liabilities 
Investment liabilities 
Unrealised loss on future contracts 
(30.94%) 
(27.64%) 
Total investment liabilities 
(30.94%) 
(27.64%) 
Details of notionals for derivatives are disclosed in the Schedule of Investments. 
Currency risk 
The Fund is exposed to the currency risk of the Programme. The Programme has a base currency of US 
Dollar, though the Programme includes constituents that are denominated in currencies other than US 
Dollar. Consequently, the Programme is exposed to risks that the exchange rate of US Dollar relative to 
other currencies may change in a manner which may have a favourable or unfavourable effect on their 
value. 
The Fund's overall net exposure to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates at the reporting date 
was as follows: 
31 December 2019 
31 December 2019 
US$ 
% of net assets 
Australian Dollar 
(844,158) 
(4.00%) 
Canadian Dollar 
309,418 
1.47% 
Euro 
(173,494) 
(0.82%) 
Japanese Yen 
(115,357) 
(0.55%) 
Pound Sterling 
25,571 
0.12% 
Total 
(798,020) 
(3.78%) 
31 December 2018 
31 December 2018 
US$ 
% of net assets 
Australian Dollar 
(36,394) 
(2.13%) 
Canadian Dollar 
(29,575) 
(1.73%) 
Euro 
168,066 
9.83% 
Japanese Yen 
(2,525) 
(0.15%) 
Pound Sterling 
(22,330) 
(1.31%) 
Total 
77,242 
(4.51%) 
The currency risk table excludes class-hedging forwards. In addition, the amounts in the above tables 
are based on the carrying value of monetary assets and liabilities and the underlying principle amounts 
of the forwards foreign exchange contracts. 
34 
Aspect Investment Programmes ICAV - Aspect Systematic Global Macro Trading Fund 
34 
 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
 
11. 
FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS AND ASSOCIATED RISKS (continued) 
 
Market risk (continued) 
Other price risk (continued) 
Other price risk is managed by the Fund’s Investment Manager by investing primarily in liquid 
instruments with frequent pricing. The following table details the breakdown of investment assets and 
liabilities held by the Fund. 
 
  
31 December 2019 
  
31 December 2018 
Assets 
% of net assets 
  
% of net assets 
Investment assets 
 
  
  
Money market fund 
31.22% 
  
25.72% 
Unrealised gain on futures contracts 
25.05% 
  
12.42% 
Total investment assets 
56.27% 
  
38.14% 
  
 
  
 
Liabilities 
 
  
 
Investment liabilities 
 
  
 
Unrealised loss on future contracts 
(30.94%) 
  
(27.64%) 
Total investment liabilities 
(30.94%) 
  
(27.64%) 
 
Details of notionals for derivatives are disclosed in the Schedule of Investments. 
 
Currency risk 
The Fund is exposed to the currency risk of the Programme. The Programme has a base currency of US 
Dollar, though the Programme includes constituents that are denominated in currencies other than US 
Dollar. Consequently, the Programme is exposed to risks that the exchange rate of US Dollar relative to 
other currencies may change in a manner which may have a favourable or unfavourable effect on their 
value.  
 
The Fund’s overall net exposure to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates at the reporting date 
was as follows:  
 
  
31 December 2019 
  
31 December 2019 
  
US$ 
  
% of net assets 
Australian Dollar 
(844,158) 
  
(4.00%) 
Canadian Dollar 
309,418 
  
1.47% 
Euro 
(173,494) 
  
(0.82%) 
Japanese Yen 
(115,357) 
  
(0.55%) 
Pound Sterling 
25,571 
  
0.12% 
Total 
(798,020) 
  
(3.78%) 
 
  
31 December 2018 
  
31 December 2018 
  
US$ 
  
% of net assets 
Australian Dollar 
(36,394) 
  
(2.13%) 
Canadian Dollar 
(29,575) 
  
(1.73%) 
Euro 
168,066 
  
9.83% 
Japanese Yen 
(2,525) 
  
(0.15%) 
Pound Sterling 
(22,330) 
  
(1.31%) 
Total 
77,242 
  
(4.51%) 
 
The currency risk table excludes class-hedging forwards. In addition, the amounts in the above tables 
are based on the carrying value of monetary assets and liabilities and the underlying principle amounts 
of the forwards foreign exchange contracts.

--- Page 218 ---
Aspect Investment Programmes ICAV - Aspect Systematic Global Macro Trading Fund 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
11. 
FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS AND ASSOCIATED RISKS (continued) 
Credit risk 
Financial assets 
The Fund's financial assets subject to the expected credit loss model within IFRS9 are other 
receivables, amounts due from brokers, cash and cash equivalents. At 31 December 2019 all other 
receivables, amounts due from brokers, cash and cash equivalents are held with counterparties with a 
credit rating of BBB or higher and are due to be settled within 1 week. Management consider the 
probability of default to be close to zero as the counterparties have a strong capacity to meet their 
contractual obligations in the near term. As a result, no loss allowance has been recognised based on 12-
month expected credit losses as any such impairment would be wholly insignificant to the Fund. 
The Fund holds a large proportion of its assets in cash. All securities transactions are cleared through 
and held in custody by the depositary. The Fund is subject to credit risk to the extent that this institution 
may be unable to fulfil its obligations either to return the Fund's securities or repay amounts owed. For 
these financial instruments, the maximum credit risk amount at 31 December 2019 is represented by the 
amount at which they are included in the Statement of Financial Position. In the event of insolvency or 
bankruptcy of the depositary or broker, the Fund will be treated as a general creditor in relation to cash 
held with the relevant depositary or broker. 
At 31 December 2019 all trading instruments are market quoted and readily traded fmancial 
instruments. At the reporting date, the Fund's fmancial assets exposed to credit risk amounted to the 
following: 
31 December 2019 
31 December 2018 
US$ 
US$ 
Money market fund 
6,588,749 
439,662 
Futures contracts 
5,285,463 
212,258 
Cash and cash equivalents 
15,819,557 
1,424,807 
Other assets and prepaid expenses 
85,103 
65,207 
Total 
27,778,872 
2,141,934 
The table below shows the S&P's long term credit rating of the brokers: 
Credit rating 
Credit rating 
Broker/custodian 
2019 
2018 
Barclays Plc 
BBB 
BBB 
Credit Suisse International 
A+ 
A 
Morgan Stanley & Co. International Plc 
A+ 
A+ 
Refer to note 3 for the US$ balance for each broker. 
The table below shows the Moody's long term credit rating of the money market fund: 
Credit rating 
Credit rating 
Money market funds 
2019 
2018 
Goldman Sachs US$ Treasury Liquid Reserves Fund-
Institutional Share Class 
Aaa 
Aaa 
JPMorgan US Dollar Treasury Liquidity Fund--
Institutional Share Class 
Aaa 
Aaa 
Blackrock Institutional US Treasury Fund Core Trend 
Aaa 
Aaa 
35 
Aspect Investment Programmes ICAV - Aspect Systematic Global Macro Trading Fund 
35 
 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
 
11. 
FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS AND ASSOCIATED RISKS (continued) 
 
Credit risk 
Financial assets  
The Fund’s financial assets subject to the expected credit loss model within IFRS9 are other 
receivables, amounts due from brokers, cash and cash equivalents. At 31 December 2019 all other 
receivables, amounts due from brokers, cash and cash equivalents are held with counterparties with a 
credit rating of BBB or higher and are due to be settled within 1 week. Management consider the 
probability of default to be close to zero as the counterparties have a strong capacity to meet their 
contractual obligations in the near term. As a result, no loss allowance has been recognised based on 12-
month expected credit losses as any such impairment would be wholly insignificant to the Fund. 
 
The Fund holds a large proportion of its assets in cash. All securities transactions are cleared through 
and held in custody by the depositary. The Fund is subject to credit risk to the extent that this institution 
may be unable to fulfil its obligations either to return the Fund’s securities or repay amounts owed. For 
these financial instruments, the maximum credit risk amount at 31 December 2019 is represented by the 
amount at which they are included in the Statement of Financial Position. In the event of insolvency or 
bankruptcy of the depositary or broker, the Fund will be treated as a general creditor in relation to cash 
held with the relevant depositary or broker. 
 
At 31 December 2019 all trading instruments are market quoted and readily traded financial 
instruments. At the reporting date, the Fund’s financial assets exposed to credit risk amounted to the 
following: 
 
  
31 December 2019 
  
31 December 2018 
  
US$ 
  
 US$ 
Money market fund 
6,588,749 
  
439,662 
Futures contracts 
5,285,463 
  
212,258 
Cash and cash equivalents 
15,819,557 
  
1,424,807 
Other assets and prepaid expenses 
85,103 
  
65,207 
Total 
27,778,872 
  
2,141,934 
 
The table below shows the S&P’s long term credit rating of the brokers: 
 
Credit rating 
Credit rating 
Broker/custodian  
2019 
2018
Barclays Plc 
BBB 
BBB
Credit Suisse International 
A+ 
A
Morgan Stanley & Co. International Plc 
A+ 
A+
Refer to note 3 for the US$ balance for each broker. 
 
The table below shows the Moody’s long term credit rating of the money market fund: 
 
  
Credit rating 
Credit rating 
Money market funds 
2019 
2018 
Goldman Sachs US$ Treasury Liquid Reserves Fund- 
Institutional Share Class 
Aaa 
Aaa 
JPMorgan US Dollar Treasury Liquidity Fund-- 
Institutional Share Class 
Aaa 
Aaa 
Blackrock Institutional US Treasury Fund Core Trend 
Aaa 
Aaa

--- Page 219 ---
Aspect Investment Programmes ICAV - Aspect Systematic Global Macro Trading Fund 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
11. 
FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS AND ASSOCIATED RISKS (continued) 
Credit risk (continued) 
Offsetting financial assets and financial liabilities 
The Fund enters into master netting agreements whenever possible. Master netting agreements provide 
for the net settlement of contracts with the same counter-party in the event of default. 
The credit risk associated with derivative financial assets subject to a master netting arrangement is 
eliminated only to the extent that financial liabilities due to the same counterparty will be settled after 
the assets are realised. 
The assets and liabilities have not been offset on the Statement of Financial Position. 
The Fund has the following transactions and balances related to its derivative activities. These 
transactions are subject to master netting agreements and related rights and obligations to exchange 
financial collateral that does not qualify for offsetting. 
Assets 
As at 31 December 2019 
Gross amounts not offset in the Statement of 
Financial Position 
Counterparty
Derivative contracts 
Futures 
Credit Suisse 
Securities (Europe) 
Limited 
Morgan Stanley & 
Co. International Plc 
Total 
Liabilities 
As at 31 December 2019 
Counterparty 
Derivative contracts 
Futures 
Credit Suisse 
Securities (Europe) 
Limited 
Morgan Stanley & 
Co. International Plc 
Total 
Gross amounts 
Net amounts of 
Gross 
offset in the 
assets presented 
amounts of 
Statement of 
in the Statement 
recognised 
Financial 
of Financial 
Financial 
Cash collateral 
Net 
assets 
Position 
Position 
instruments 
received/pledged* 
amount 
US$ 
US$ 
US$ 
US$ 
US$ 
US$ 
2,889,419 
2,889,419 
(1,931,247) 
958,172 
2,396,044 
2,396,044 
(2,396,044) 
5,285,463 
5,285,463 
(4,327,291) 
958,172 
Gross amounts not offset in the Statement of 
Financial Position 
Gross 
amounts of 
Gross amounts 
offset in the 
Statement of 
Net amounts of 
assets presented 
in the Statement 
recognised 
Financial 
of Financial 
Financial 
Cash collateral 
Net 
assets 
Position 
Position 
instruments 
received/pledged* 
amount 
US$ 
US$ 
US$ 
US$ 
US$ 
US$ 
(1,931,247) 
(1,931,247) 
1,931,247 
(4,598,354) 
(4,598,354) 
2,396,044 
2,014,684 
(187,626) 
(6,529,601) 
(6,529,601) 
4,327,291 
2,202,310 
36 
Aspect Investment Programmes ICAV - Aspect Systematic Global Macro Trading Fund 
36 
 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
 
11. 
FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS AND ASSOCIATED RISKS (continued) 
 
Credit risk (continued) 
Offsetting financial assets and financial liabilities  
The Fund enters into master netting agreements whenever possible. Master netting agreements provide 
for the net settlement of contracts with the same counter-party in the event of default. 
 
The credit risk associated with derivative financial assets subject to a master netting arrangement is 
eliminated only to the extent that financial liabilities due to the same counterparty will be settled after 
the assets are realised.  
 
The assets and liabilities have not been offset on the Statement of Financial Position. 
 
The Fund has the following transactions and balances related to its derivative activities. These 
transactions are subject to master netting agreements and related rights and obligations to exchange 
financial collateral that does not qualify for offsetting. 
 
Assets 
 
 
 
As at 31 December 2019 
 
 
Gross amounts not offset in the Statement of  
 
 
 
 
Financial Position 
 
Counterparty 
Gross 
amounts of 
recognised 
assets 
Gross amounts 
offset in the 
Statement of 
Financial 
Position 
Net amounts of 
assets presented 
in the Statement 
of Financial 
Position 
Financial 
instruments 
Cash collateral 
received/pledged* 
Net 
amount 
 
US$ 
US$ 
US$ 
US$ 
US$ 
US$ 
Derivative contracts 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Futures 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Credit Suisse 
Securities (Europe) 
Limited 
2,889,419 
- 
2,889,419 
(1,931,247) 
- 
958,172 
Morgan Stanley & 
Co. International Plc 
2,396,044 
- 
2,396,044 
(2,396,044) 
- 
- 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Total 
5,285,463 
- 
5,285,463 
(4,327,291) 
- 
958,172 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Liabilities 
 
 
 
 
 
 
As at 31 December 2019 
 
 
Gross amounts not offset in the Statement of 
 
 
 
 
Financial Position 
Counterparty 
Gross 
amounts of 
recognised 
assets 
Gross amounts 
offset in the 
Statement of 
Financial 
Position 
Net amounts of 
assets presented 
in the Statement 
of Financial 
Position 
Financial 
instruments 
Cash collateral 
received/pledged* 
Net 
amount 
 
US$ 
US$ 
US$ 
US$ 
US$ 
US$ 
Derivative contracts 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Futures 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Credit Suisse 
Securities (Europe) 
Limited 
(1,931,247) 
- 
(1,931,247) 
1,931,247 
- 
- 
Morgan Stanley & 
Co. International Plc 
(4,598,354) 
- 
(4,598,354) 
2,396,044 
2,014,684 
(187,626) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Total 
(6,529,601) 
- 
(6,529,601) 
4,327,291 
2,202,310 
-

--- Page 220 ---
Aspect Investment Programmes ICAV - Aspect Systematic Global Macro Trading Fund 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
11. 
FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS AND ASSOCIATED RISKS (continued) 
Credit risk (continued) 
Offsetting financial assets and financial liabilities (continued) 
Assets 
As at 31 December 2018 
Gross amounts not offset in the Statement of 
Financial Position 
Counterparty
Derivative contracts 
Futures 
Credit Suisse 
Securities (Europe) 
Limited 
Morgan Stanley & 
Co. International Plc 
Total 
Liabilities 
As at 31 December 2018 
Counterparty 
Derivative contracts 
Futures 
Credit Suisse 
Securities (Europe) 
Limited 
Morgan Stanley & 
Co. International Plc 
Total 
Gross amounts 
Net amounts of 
Gross 
offset in the 
assets presented 
amounts of 
Statement of 
in the Statement 
recognised 
Financial 
of Financial 
Financial 
Cash collateral 
Net 
assets 
Position 
Position 
instruments 
received/pledged* 
amount 
US$ 
US$ 
US$ 
US$ 
US$ 
US$ 
1,732 
1,732 
(1,732) 
210,526 
210,526 
(75,808) 
134,718 
212,258 
- 
212,258 
(77,540) 
134,718 
Gross amounts not offset in the Statement of 
Financial Position 
Gross 
amounts of 
Gross amounts 
offset in the 
Statement of 
Net amounts of 
assets presented 
in the Statement 
recognised 
Financial 
of Financial 
Financial 
Cash collateral 
Net 
assets 
Position 
Position 
instruments 
received/pledged* 
amount 
US$ 
US$ 
US$ 
US$ 
US$ 
US$ 
(396,688) 
(396,688) 
1,732 
394,956 
(75,808) 
(75,808) 
75,808 
(472,496) 
(472,496) 
77,540 
394,956 
*Cash collateral received/pledged relates to collateral in relation to futures and forwards trading. 
Liquidity risk 
Liquidity risk is the risk that the Fund will encounter difficulty in being able to liquidate its assets 
promptly and to meet the obligations associated with its financial liabilities that are settled by delivering 
cash or another fmancial asset. This extends to both fmancial derivative instruments and non-financial 
derivative instrument liabilities. The Fund's policy and the Investment Manager's approach to 
managing liquidity is to ensure, as far as possible, that the Fund will always have sufficient liquidity to 
meet its liabilities as and when due, under both normal and stressed conditions, without incurring 
unacceptable losses or risking damage to the Fund's reputation. 
The Fund Supplement provides for daily creation and cancellation of shares and it is therefore exposed 
to the liquidity risk of meeting shareholder redemptions at each redemption date. 
The Fund may make investments in instruments that are volatile and may become illiquid. Accordingly 
it may be impossible (in the event of trading halts or daily price fluctuation limits on the markets traded 
or otherwise) or expensive for the Fund to liquidate positions against which the market is moving. 
37 
Aspect Investment Programmes ICAV - Aspect Systematic Global Macro Trading Fund 
37 
 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
 
11. 
FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS AND ASSOCIATED RISKS (continued) 
 
Credit risk (continued) 
Offsetting financial assets and financial liabilities (continued) 
 
Assets 
 
 
 
As at 31 December 2018 
 
 
Gross amounts not offset in the Statement of  
 
 
 
 
Financial Position 
 
Counterparty 
Gross 
amounts of 
recognised 
assets 
Gross amounts 
offset in the 
Statement of 
Financial 
Position 
Net amounts of 
assets presented 
in the Statement 
of Financial 
Position 
Financial 
instruments 
Cash collateral 
received/pledged* 
Net 
amount 
 
US$ 
US$ 
US$ 
US$ 
US$ 
US$ 
Derivative contracts 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Futures 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Credit Suisse 
Securities (Europe) 
Limited 
1,732 
- 
1,732 
(1,732) 
- 
- 
Morgan Stanley & 
Co. International Plc 
210,526 
- 
210,526 
(75,808) 
- 
134,718 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Total 
212,258 
- 
212,258 
(77,540) 
- 
134,718 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Liabilities 
 
 
 
 
 
 
As at 31 December 2018 
 
 
Gross amounts not offset in the Statement of 
 
 
 
 
Financial Position 
Counterparty 
Gross 
amounts of 
recognised 
assets 
Gross amounts 
offset in the 
Statement of 
Financial 
Position 
Net amounts of 
assets presented 
in the Statement 
of Financial 
Position 
Financial 
instruments 
Cash collateral 
received/pledged* 
Net 
amount 
 
US$ 
US$
US$
US$ 
US$ 
US$ 
Derivative contracts 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Futures 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Credit Suisse 
Securities (Europe) 
Limited 
(396,688) 
- 
(396,688) 
1,732 
394,956 
- 
Morgan Stanley & 
Co. International Plc 
(75,808) 
- 
(75,808) 
75,808 
- 
- 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Total 
(472,496) 
- 
(472,496) 
77,540 
394,956 
- 
 
*Cash collateral received/pledged relates to collateral in relation to futures and forwards trading. 
 
Liquidity risk  
Liquidity risk is the risk that the Fund will encounter difficulty in being able to liquidate its assets 
promptly and to meet the obligations associated with its financial liabilities that are settled by delivering 
cash or another financial asset. This extends to both financial derivative instruments and non-financial 
derivative instrument liabilities. The Fund’s policy and the Investment Manager’s approach to 
managing liquidity is to ensure, as far as possible, that the Fund will always have sufficient liquidity to 
meet its liabilities as and when due, under both normal and stressed conditions, without incurring 
unacceptable losses or risking damage to the Fund’s reputation. 
 
The Fund Supplement provides for daily creation and cancellation of shares and it is therefore exposed 
to the liquidity risk of meeting shareholder redemptions at each redemption date. 
 
The Fund may make investments in instruments that are volatile and may become illiquid. Accordingly 
it may be impossible (in the event of trading halts or daily price fluctuation limits on the markets traded 
or otherwise) or expensive for the Fund to liquidate positions against which the market is moving.

--- Page 221 ---
Aspect Investment Programmes ICAV - Aspect Systematic Global Macro Trading Fund 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
11. 
FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS AND ASSOCIATED RISKS (continued) 
Liquidity risk (continued) 
Alternatively, it may not be possible, in certain circumstances, for a position to be initiated or liquidated 
promptly (in the event of insufficient trading activity in the relevant market or otherwise). 
Those risks may be accentuated where the Fund is required to liquidate positions to meet margin 
requests, margin calls or other funding requirements. 
The counterparty to OTC financial derivative instruments is required to close out of fmancial derivative 
instrument positions at fair value at the Fund's request. This exposes the Fund to the risk that 
counterparty will not settle a transaction in accordance with its terms and conditions because of a 
dispute over the terms of the contract (whether or not bona fide) or because of a credit or liquidity 
problem, thus causing the relevant Fund to suffer a loss. 
The table below analyses the Fund's other fmancial liabilities into relevant maturity groupings based on 
the remaining period from the Statement of Financial Position date to the contractual maturity date. 
31 December 2019 
Liabilities 
Total 
Less than 
1 month 
1 to 12 
months 
More than 1 
year 
No 
maturity 
US$ 
US$ 
US$ 
US$ 
US$ 
Futures contracts 
(6,529,601) 
(6,529,601) 
Other payables and accrued expenses 
(145,434) 
(145,434) 
Total liabilities 
(6,675,035) 
(145,434) 
(6,529,601) 
31 December 2018 
Less than 
1 to 12 
More than 1 
No 
Liabilities 
Total 
1 month 
months 
year 
maturity 
US$ 
US$ 
US$ 
US$ 
US$ 
Futures contracts 
(472,495) 
(472,495) 
Other payables and accrued expenses 
(33,318) 
(33,318) 
Total liabilities 
(505,813) 
(33,318) 
(472,495) 
The Fund may make leveraged investments in markets that are volatile and may become illiquid. 
Accordingly it may be impossible (in the event of trading halts or daily price fluctuation limits on the 
markets traded or otherwise) or expensive for the Fund to liquidate positions against which the market 
is moving. Alternatively, it may not be possible in certain circumstances, for a position to be initiated or 
liquidated promptly (in the event of insufficient trading activity in the relevant market or otherwise). 
Those risks may be accentuated where the Fund is required to liquidate positions to meet margin 
requests, margin calls or other funding requirements. Whilst the Fund is subject to a contractual 
obligation on its redeemable shares within the one month time bucket, actual daily redemptions could 
differ significantly due to difficulties in being able to accurately predict the redemption patterns and 
behaviours of the shareholders. 
Value at risk 
A fundamental principle of the investment approach is the importance of a robust risk management 
framework. The market risk of the Fund's financial asset and liability positions is monitored by the 
Investment Manager using value at risk ("VaR") analysis. VaR analysis reflects the interdependencies 
between risk variables, unlike a traditional sensitivity analysis. 
VaR represents the potential losses from adverse changes in market factors for a specified time period 
and confidence level. Therefore, there is a specified statistical probability that actual loss could be 
greater than the VaR estimate. 
Method 
The Investment Manager uses a proprietary VaR model. This is a parametric variance-covariance VaR 
model using multivariate normal distribution assumptions. 
38 
Aspect Investment Programmes ICAV - Aspect Systematic Global Macro Trading Fund 
38 
 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
 
11. 
FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS AND ASSOCIATED RISKS (continued) 
 
Liquidity risk (continued) 
Alternatively, it may not be possible, in certain circumstances, for a position to be initiated or liquidated 
promptly (in the event of insufficient trading activity in the relevant market or otherwise).  
 
Those risks may be accentuated where the Fund is required to liquidate positions to meet margin 
requests, margin calls or other funding requirements. 
 
The counterparty to OTC financial derivative instruments is required to close out of financial derivative 
instrument positions at fair value at the Fund’s request. This exposes the Fund to the risk that 
counterparty will not settle a transaction in accordance with its terms and conditions because of a 
dispute over the terms of the contract (whether or not bona fide) or because of a credit or liquidity 
problem, thus causing the relevant Fund to suffer a loss. 
 
The table below analyses the Fund’s other financial liabilities into relevant maturity groupings based on 
the remaining period from the Statement of Financial Position date to the contractual maturity date. 
 
31 December 2019 
Liabilities 
Total 
Less than 
1 month 
1 to 12 
months 
More than 1 
year 
No 
maturity 
  
US$ 
US$ 
US$ 
US$ 
US$ 
Futures contracts 
(6,529,601) 
- 
(6,529,601) 
- 
- 
Other payables and accrued expenses 
(145,434) 
(145,434) 
- 
- 
- 
Total liabilities 
(6,675,035) 
(145,434) 
(6,529,601) 
- 
- 
 
31 December 2018 
Liabilities 
Total 
Less than 
1 month 
1 to 12 
months 
More than 1 
year 
No 
maturity 
  
US$ 
US$ 
US$ 
US$ 
US$ 
Futures contracts 
(472,495) 
- 
(472,495) 
- 
- 
Other payables and accrued expenses 
(33,318) 
(33,318) 
- 
- 
- 
Total liabilities 
(505,813) 
(33,318) 
(472,495) 
- 
- 
 
The Fund may make leveraged investments in markets that are volatile and may become illiquid. 
Accordingly it may be impossible (in the event of trading halts or daily price fluctuation limits on the 
markets traded or otherwise) or expensive for the Fund to liquidate positions against which the market 
is moving. Alternatively, it may not be possible in certain circumstances, for a position to be initiated or 
liquidated promptly (in the event of insufficient trading activity in the relevant market or otherwise). 
Those risks may be accentuated where the Fund is required to liquidate positions to meet margin 
requests, margin calls or other funding requirements. Whilst the Fund is subject to a contractual 
obligation on its redeemable shares within the one month time bucket, actual daily redemptions could 
differ significantly due to difficulties in being able to accurately predict the redemption patterns and 
behaviours of the shareholders. 
 
Value at risk 
A fundamental principle of the investment approach is the importance of a robust risk management 
framework. The market risk of the Fund’s financial asset and liability positions is monitored by the 
Investment Manager using value at risk (“VaR”) analysis. VaR analysis reflects the interdependencies 
between risk variables, unlike a traditional sensitivity analysis.  
 
VaR represents the potential losses from adverse changes in market factors for a specified time period 
and confidence level. Therefore, there is a specified statistical probability that actual loss could be 
greater than the VaR estimate.  
 
Method 
The Investment Manager uses a proprietary VaR model. This is a parametric variance-covariance VaR 
model using multivariate normal distribution assumptions.

--- Page 222 ---
Aspect Investment Programmes ICAV - Aspect Systematic Global Macro Trading Fund 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
11. 
FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS AND ASSOCIATED RISKS (continued) 
Value at risk (continued) 
Inputs 
The model is an asset by asset model: it uses each individual underlying instrument as a factor in the 
model. The model is updated daily and uses daily, exponentially weighted observations of market 
returns. This gives higher weight to more recent moves whilst allowing the full history of observations 
to be included. Close of business positions held in each market are used to calculate the VaR. 
Parameters and assumptions 
Variances are calculated using daily returns, weighted using an 11.2 day exponential half-life. 
Covariances are calculated using 5-day blocks of daily returns and a corresponding exponential half-life 
of 56 days. Five day returns are used in order to improve the calculation of covariances for markets that 
do not trade in the same time zone. 
By considering the correlations and volatilities between markets, the Investment Manager is able to 
estimate the magnitude of an extreme adverse return. This number, expressed as a percentage of Fund 
capital, is what the Investment Manager refers to as VaR. 
The Investment Manager calculates VaR at a 95% confidence level, using a 1 day holding period 
assumption. 
Market returns are assumed to be normally distributed and the positions held in each market are 
assumed to be approximately unchanged over the 1 day holding period. 
VaR is periodically back-tested to ensure that realised portfolio returns exceed the VaR estimate with 
approximately the expected frequency (with a 95% level of confidence one would expect VaR to be 
exceeded 5% of time). In addition, stress tests are also carried out as described below. The VaR of the 
Fund's financial instruments as at 31 December 2019, measured as the potential 1 day loss in value 
from changes in equity and commodity prices, interest rates and foreign currency rates, with a 95% 
confidence level was 5.24% (2018: 6.95%). 
During the year ended 31 December 2019, the average daily VaR of the Fund's financial assets and 
liabilities was 5.42% (period ended 31 December 2018: 6.57%) with a minimum of 3.48% (period 
ended 31 December 2018: 4.28%) and a maximum of 52.2% (period ended 31 December 2018: 
10.40%). 
During the year ended 31 December 2019, the maximum leverage of the Fund's financial assets and 
liabilities was 151,002% with the leverage as at 31 December 2019, 10,094%. 
Stress testing 
As well as VaR modelling, the Investment Manager also measures risk using a range of stress tests 
including the historical simulation approach — i.e. assessing what impact historical changes in price 
would have on current positions. This assesses extreme exposure to market shocks similar to past 
events. 
Leverage risk 
A Fund may use borrowings/leverage for the purpose of making investments and/or meeting 
redemptions. The use of borrowing/leverage may significantly increase the Fund's investment risk. 
Borrowing/leverage creates an opportunity for greater yield and total return but, at the same time, will 
increase that Fund's exposure to capital loss and interest costs. Any investment income and gains 
earned on investments made through the use of borrowings/leverage that are in excess of the interest 
costs associated therewith may cause the NAV of the Shares to increase more rapidly than would 
otherwise be the case. Conversely, where the associated interest costs are greater than such income and 
gains, the NAV of the Shares may decrease more rapidly than would otherwise be the case. Leverage 
may be obtained through the use of derivatives and other non-fully funded instruments. 
39 
Aspect Investment Programmes ICAV - Aspect Systematic Global Macro Trading Fund 
39 
 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
 
11. 
FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS AND ASSOCIATED RISKS (continued) 
 
Value at risk (continued) 
Inputs 
The model is an asset by asset model: it uses each individual underlying instrument as a factor in the 
model. The model is updated daily and uses daily, exponentially weighted observations of market 
returns. This gives higher weight to more recent moves whilst allowing the full history of observations 
to be included. Close of business positions held in each market are used to calculate the VaR. 
 
Parameters and assumptions 
Variances are calculated using daily returns, weighted using an 11.2 day exponential half-life.  
 
Covariances are calculated using 5-day blocks of daily returns and a corresponding exponential half-life 
of 56 days. Five day returns are used in order to improve the calculation of covariances for markets that 
do not trade in the same time zone. 
 
By considering the correlations and volatilities between markets, the Investment Manager is able to 
estimate the magnitude of an extreme adverse return. This number, expressed as a percentage of Fund 
capital, is what the Investment Manager refers to as VaR.  
 
The Investment Manager calculates VaR at a 95% confidence level, using a 1 day holding period 
assumption.  
 
Market returns are assumed to be normally distributed and the positions held in each market are 
assumed to be approximately unchanged over the 1 day holding period. 
 
 
VaR is periodically back-tested to ensure that realised portfolio returns exceed the VaR estimate with 
approximately the expected frequency (with a 95% level of confidence one would expect VaR to be 
exceeded 5% of time). In addition, stress tests are also carried out as described below. The VaR of the 
Fund’s financial instruments as at 31 December 2019, measured as the potential 1 day loss in value 
from changes in equity and commodity prices, interest rates and foreign currency rates, with a 95% 
confidence level was 5.24% (2018: 6.95%). 
 
During the year ended 31 December 2019, the average daily VaR of the Fund’s financial assets and 
liabilities was 5.42% (period ended 31 December 2018: 6.57%) with a minimum of 3.48% (period 
ended 31 December 2018: 4.28%) and a maximum of 52.2% (period ended 31 December 2018: 
10.40%). 
 
During the year ended 31 December 2019, the maximum leverage of the Fund’s financial assets and 
liabilities was 151,002% with the leverage as at 31 December 2019, 10,094%. 
 
Stress testing 
As well as VaR modelling, the Investment Manager also measures risk using a range of stress tests 
including the historical simulation approach – i.e. assessing what impact historical changes in price 
would have on current positions. This assesses extreme exposure to market shocks similar to past 
events.  
 
Leverage risk 
A Fund may use borrowings/leverage for the purpose of making investments and/or meeting 
redemptions. The use of borrowing/leverage may significantly increase the Fund’s investment risk. 
Borrowing/leverage creates an opportunity for greater yield and total return but, at the same time, will 
increase that Fund’s exposure to capital loss and interest costs. Any investment income and gains 
earned on investments made through the use of borrowings/leverage that are in excess of the interest 
costs associated therewith may cause the NAV of the Shares to increase more rapidly than would 
otherwise be the case. Conversely, where the associated interest costs are greater than such income and 
gains, the NAV of the Shares may decrease more rapidly than would otherwise be the case. Leverage 
may be obtained through the use of derivatives and other non-fully funded instruments.

--- Page 223 ---
Aspect Investment Programmes ICAV - Aspect Systematic Global Macro Trading Fund 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
12. 
RELATED AND CONNECTED PERSONS DISCLOSURES 
The AIF Rulebook requires that any transaction carried out with the Fund by the management 
company, general partner, depositary, AIFM, investment manager or delegates or group companies of 
these are carried out as if negotiated at arm's length and are in the best interests of the shareholders. 
The Board of Directors of the Fund is satisfied that there are arrangements, evidenced by written 
procedures, in place to ensure that this requirement is applied to all transactions with connected persons, 
and that all transactions with connected person during the year complied with the requirement. 
Jonathan Greenwold and James Gilbert, Directors of the Fund during the year, are also employees of 
the Investment Manager. Transactions with the Investment Manager are disclosed in note 7. Directors' 
fees are disclosed in the Statement of Comprehensive Income. Director's fee payable for the year ended 
31 December 2019 amounted to nil (period from 3 May 2018 (date of incorporation) to 31 December 
2018: nil). 
John Skelly and Teddy Otto, Directors of the Fund, are also employees of Came Global Financial 
Services Limited which provides company secretarial services to the Fund. In addition to acting as 
Company Secretary, Came Global Financial Services Limited also provides for the provision of 
director's services and a Money-Laundering Reporting Officer. Total fees paid to Came Global 
Financial Services Limited for the year ended 31 December 2019 amounted to US$16,285 (period from 
3 May 2018 (date of incorporation) to 31 December 2018: US$4,227.04). Directors' fees are disclosed 
in Note 13. 
Expense cap 
Expense cap will be applied in respect of the shares to ensure that the Fund's total annual operating 
expenses, excluding (i) the investment management and performance fees (ii) taxes, (iii) interest, (iv) 
extraordinary items and (v) trading and brokerage expenses or commissions, do not exceed, on an 
annual basis 0.30% of the Fund's average annual NAV. Where the expense cap is exceeded, the 
Investment Manager will be responsible for making up the shortfall of such fees and expenses and it 
will not be the responsibility of the Fund to discharge same. 
Certificates 
All shares in the Fund are held equally between two companies, Mosel Capital Limited and Saar Capital 
Limited. Each company has issued certificates which are held by Aspect UCITS Funds plc (Aspect 
Systematic Global Macro Fund), a company that is managed by the Investment Manager. Aspect 
UCITS Funds plc is the indirect parent to Aspect Systematic Global Macro Trading Fund. 
The management fee and administration fees of US$1 are paid at the indirect parent level, the Aspect 
UCITS Funds plc (through investment in the certificates). 
Management fee for the Aspect UCITS Funds plc payable as at 31 December 2019 amounted to 
US$31,146 (31 December 2018: US$63,197). During the year ended 31 December 2019, the 
management fee paid for the Aspect UCITS Funds plc totalled US$286,662 (period from 22 June 2018 
(date of incorporation) to 31 December 2018: US$63,197). 
There are no other related party transactions to be disclosed. 
13. 
DIRECTORS' INTERESTS 
None of the Directors have any interest in the shares of the Fund or the ICAV or in any contract of 
significance with the Fund or the ICAV. 
Directors fees prepaid as at 31 December 2019 amounted to US$nil (31 December 2018: US$nil). 
During the year ended 31 December 2019, the directors' fee totalled US$63,795 (period ended 31 
December 2018: US$21,344). 
40 
Aspect Investment Programmes ICAV - Aspect Systematic Global Macro Trading Fund 
40 
 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
 
12.          RELATED AND CONNECTED PERSONS DISCLOSURES  
 
The AIF Rulebook requires that any transaction carried out with the Fund by the management 
company, general partner, depositary, AIFM, investment manager or delegates or group companies of 
these are carried out as if negotiated at arm's length and are in the best interests of the shareholders. 
 
The Board of Directors of the Fund is satisfied that there are arrangements, evidenced by written 
procedures, in place to ensure that this requirement is applied to all transactions with connected persons, 
and that all transactions with connected person during the year complied with the requirement. 
 
 
Jonathan Greenwold and James Gilbert, Directors of the Fund during the year, are also employees of 
the Investment Manager. Transactions with the Investment Manager are disclosed in note 7. Directors’ 
fees are disclosed in the Statement of Comprehensive Income. Director’s fee payable for the year ended 
31 December 2019 amounted to nil (period from 3 May 2018 (date of incorporation) to 31 December 
2018: nil).  
 
John Skelly and Teddy Otto, Directors of the Fund, are also employees of Carne Global Financial 
Services Limited which provides company secretarial services to the Fund. In addition to acting as 
Company Secretary, Carne Global Financial Services Limited also provides for the provision of 
director’s services and a Money-Laundering Reporting Officer. Total fees paid to Carne Global 
Financial Services Limited for the year ended 31 December 2019 amounted to US$16,285 (period from 
3 May 2018 (date of incorporation) to 31 December 2018: US$4,227.04). Directors’ fees are disclosed 
in Note 13. 
 
Expense cap 
Expense cap will be applied in respect of the shares to ensure that the Fund’s total annual operating 
expenses, excluding (i) the investment management and performance fees (ii) taxes, (iii) interest, (iv) 
extraordinary items and (v) trading and brokerage expenses or commissions, do not exceed, on an 
annual basis 0.30% of the Fund’s average annual NAV. Where the expense cap is exceeded, the 
Investment Manager will be responsible for making up the shortfall of such fees and expenses and it 
will not be the responsibility of the Fund to discharge same. 
 
Certificates 
All shares in the Fund are held equally between two companies, Mosel Capital Limited and Saar Capital 
Limited. Each company has issued certificates which are held by Aspect UCITS Funds plc (Aspect 
Systematic Global Macro Fund), a company that is managed by the Investment Manager. Aspect 
UCITS Funds plc is the indirect parent to Aspect Systematic Global Macro Trading Fund.  
 
The management fee and administration fees of US$1 are paid at the indirect parent level, the Aspect 
UCITS Funds plc (through investment in the certificates).  
 
Management fee for the Aspect UCITS Funds plc payable as at 31 December 2019 amounted to 
US$31,146 (31 December 2018: US$63,197). During the year ended 31 December 2019, the 
management fee paid for the Aspect UCITS Funds plc totalled US$286,662 (period from 22 June 2018 
(date of incorporation) to 31 December 2018: US$63,197). 
 
There are no other related party transactions to be disclosed. 
 
 
13. 
DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS 
 
None of the Directors have any interest in the shares of the Fund or the ICAV or in any contract of 
significance with the Fund or the ICAV. 
 
Directors fees prepaid as at 31 December 2019 amounted to US$nil (31 December 2018: US$nil). 
During the year ended 31 December 2019, the directors’ fee totalled US$63,795 (period ended 31 
December 2018: US$21,344).

--- Page 224 ---
Aspect Investment Programmes ICAV - Aspect Systematic Global Macro Trading Fund 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
14. 
UNCONSOLIDATED STRUCTURED ENTITIES 
The table below describes the types of structured entities that the Fund does not consolidate but in 
which it holds an interest. 
Type of structured entity 
Nature and purpose 
Money market funds 
To achieve a return in the reference currency 
in line with prevailing money market rates 
whilst aiming to preserve capital consistent 
with such rates and to maintain a high degree 
of liquidity. 
These vehicles are financed through the issue 
of shares to investors. 
Interest held by the Fund 
Investment in shares 
issued by the funds. 
The table below sets out interests held by the Fund in unconsolidated structured entities. 
Total NAV of 
underlying fund 
US$ 
Investment in 
underlying fund at 
fair value 
US$ 
31 December 2019 
Money market fund 
Goldman Sachs US$ Treasury Liquid Reserves Fund 
- Institutional Share Class 
40,926,380,162 
2,135,222 
JPMorgan US Dollar Treasury Liquidity Fund 
- Institutional Share Class 
35,382,300,597 
2,652,358 
Blackrock Institutional US Treasury Fund Core Trend 
14,100,000,000 
1,801,168 
Total 
6,588,748 
31 December 2018 
Money market fund 
Goldman Sachs US$ Treasury Liquid Reserves Fund 
- Institutional Share Class 
35,843,000,000 
89,253 
JPMorgan US Dollar Treasury Liquidity Fund 
- Institutional Share Class 
34,740,400,000 
68,970 
Blackrock Institutional US Treasury Fund Core Trend 
11,700,000,000 
281,439 
Total 
439,662 
The Fund maximum exposure to the loss from its investment in the underlying funds is equal to the total 
fair value of its investment in the underlying fund. 
During the year, the Fund did not provide financial support to unconsolidated structured entities and has 
no intention of providing financial or other support. 
15. 
EFFICIENT PORTFOLIO MANAGEMENT 
The Fund does not engage in efficient portfolio management as defined by ESMA's guidelines. 
16. 
SOFT COMMISSION ARRANGEMENTS 
There were no soft commission arrangements in operation during the year under review (2018: none). 
41 
Aspect Investment Programmes ICAV - Aspect Systematic Global Macro Trading Fund 
41 
 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
 
14. 
UNCONSOLIDATED STRUCTURED ENTITIES 
 
The table below describes the types of structured entities that the Fund does not consolidate but in 
which it holds an interest. 
 
Type of structured entity 
 
Nature and purpose 
 
Interest held by the Fund 
 
Money market funds 
 
To achieve a return in the reference currency 
in line with prevailing money market rates 
whilst aiming to preserve capital consistent 
with such rates and to maintain a high degree 
of liquidity. 
 
Investment in shares 
issued by the funds. 
 
 
These vehicles are financed through the issue 
of shares to investors. 
 
 
The table below sets out interests held by the Fund in unconsolidated structured entities.  
 
 
 
Total NAV of 
underlying fund 
 
Investment in 
underlying fund at 
fair value 
 
 
US$ 
 
US$ 
31 December 2019 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Money market fund 
 
 
 
 
Goldman Sachs US$ Treasury Liquid Reserves Fund 
 
 
 
 
- Institutional Share Class 
 
40,926,380,162 
 
2,135,222 
JPMorgan US Dollar Treasury Liquidity Fund 
 
 
 
 
- Institutional Share Class 
 
35,382,300,597 
 
2,652,358 
Blackrock Institutional US Treasury Fund Core Trend 
 
14,100,000,000 
 
1,801,168 
Total 
 
 
 
6,588,748 
 
 
 
 
 
31 December 2018 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Money market fund 
 
 
 
 
Goldman Sachs US$ Treasury Liquid Reserves Fund 
 
 
 
 
- Institutional Share Class 
 
35,843,000,000 
 
89,253 
JPMorgan US Dollar Treasury Liquidity Fund 
 
 
 
 
- Institutional Share Class 
 
34,740,400,000 
 
68,970 
Blackrock Institutional US Treasury Fund Core Trend 
 
11,700,000,000 
 
281,439 
Total 
 
 
 
439,662 
 
The Fund maximum exposure to the loss from its investment in the underlying funds is equal to the total 
fair value of its investment in the underlying fund. 
 
During the year, the Fund did not provide financial support to unconsolidated structured entities and has 
no intention of providing financial or other support. 
 
15. 
EFFICIENT PORTFOLIO MANAGEMENT 
 
The Fund does not engage in efficient portfolio management as defined by ESMA’s guidelines. 
 
16. 
SOFT COMMISSION ARRANGEMENTS 
 
There were no soft commission arrangements in operation during the year under review (2018: none).

--- Page 225 ---
Aspect Investment Programmes ICAV - Aspect Systematic Global Macro Trading Fund 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
17. 
DISTRIBUTION POLICY 
The Directors may in their absolute discretion declare dividends from time to time in respect of the 
shares. It is not the current intention of the Directors to declare a dividend. 
18. 
CONTINGENT LIABILITIES 
As at 31 December 2019, the Fund did not have any significant commitments or contingent liabilities, 
other than those which are disclosed in the financial statements. 
19. 
SIGNIFICANT EVENTS DURING THE YEAR 
Aspect Investment Programmes ICAV - Aspect Systematic Global Macro Trading Fund issued a 
revised Prospectus on 5 March 2019 which had no material changes. There were no other significant 
events during the year ended 31 December 2019. 
20. 
CONTROLLING PARTY 
The Directors consider Aspect UCITS Funds plc to be the ultimate controlling party of the Fund as the 
holder of certificates issued by Mosel Capital limited and Saar Capital Limited which hold all shares in 
the Fund equally between them. 
21. 
SUBSEQUENT EVENTS 
Since the year ended 31 December 2019 and up to the date of approval of these financial statements 
there have been no subscriptions and US$5,999,998 redemptions. 
Subsequent to year end, the Covid-19 pandemic has escalated and now represents a new source of 
inherent risk to the ICAV following the significant financial market and social dislocation it has caused. 
The ICAV is actively monitoring the effect on the operations of the ICAV, and on the liquidity of the 
assets traded by the ICAV. As at close of business on 22 March 2020, despite the increased market 
volatility the ICAV had made gains of 44.29% since year end and there had been no significant 
subscriptions or redemptions by investors during the period. 
There are no other events subsequent to 31 December 2019 which, in the opinion of the Directors of the 
ICAV, may have had an impact on the fmancial statements for the year ended 31 December 2019. 
22. 
APPROVAL OF FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
The financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2019 were approved by the Directors on 23 
March 2020. 
42 
Aspect Investment Programmes ICAV - Aspect Systematic Global Macro Trading Fund 
42 
 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
 
17. 
DISTRIBUTION POLICY 
 
The Directors may in their absolute discretion declare dividends from time to time in respect of the 
shares. It is not the current intention of the Directors to declare a dividend. 
 
18. 
CONTINGENT LIABILITIES  
 
 
As at 31 December 2019, the Fund did not have any significant commitments or contingent liabilities, 
other than those which are disclosed in the financial statements. 
 
19. 
SIGNIFICANT EVENTS DURING THE YEAR 
 
Aspect Investment Programmes ICAV - Aspect Systematic Global Macro Trading Fund issued a 
revised Prospectus on 5 March 2019 which had no material changes. There were no other significant 
events during the year ended 31 December 2019. 
 
20. 
CONTROLLING PARTY 
 
The Directors consider Aspect UCITS Funds plc to be the ultimate controlling party of the Fund as the 
holder of certificates issued by Mosel Capital limited and Saar Capital Limited which hold all shares in 
the Fund equally between them. 
 
21. 
SUBSEQUENT EVENTS 
 
Since the year ended 31 December 2019 and up to the date of approval of these financial statements 
there have been no subscriptions and US$5,999,998 redemptions. 
 
Subsequent to year end, the Covid-19 pandemic has escalated and now represents a new source of 
inherent risk to the ICAV following the significant financial market and social dislocation it has caused.  
The ICAV is actively monitoring the effect on the operations of the ICAV, and on the liquidity of the 
assets traded by the ICAV. As at close of business on 22 March 2020, despite the increased market 
volatility the ICAV had made gains of 44.29% since year end and there had been no significant 
subscriptions or redemptions by investors during the period. 
 
There are no other events subsequent to 31 December 2019 which, in the opinion of the Directors of the 
ICAV, may have had an impact on the financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2019. 
 
22. 
APPROVAL OF FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
The financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2019 were approved by the Directors on 23 
March 2020.

--- Page 226 ---
Aspect Investment Programmes ICAV - Aspect Systematic Global Macro Trading Fund 
SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
As at 31 December 2019 
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss 
Investment funds — Money market funds 
Quantity 
(units) 
Notional 
value 
US$ 
Fair value 
US$ 
% of net 
assets 
Blackrock Institutional US Treasury Fund Core Trend 
1,801,168 
1,801,168 
8.53% 
Goldman Sachs US Dollar Treasury Liquid Reserves 
Fund — Institutional Share Class 
2,135,222 
2,135,223 
10.12% 
JP Morgan US Dollar Treasury Liquidity Fund —
Institutional Share Class 
2,652,358 
2,652,358 
12.57% 
Total investment funds 
6,588,749 
31.22% 
Futures contracts 
Australia 
Australia 3 Year Bond Future March 2020 
(4,016) 
(324,689,047) 
1,817,686 
8.61% 
1,817,686 
8.61% 
Canada 
Canada 10 Year Bond Future March 2020 
(1,713) 
(181,610,364) 
2,788,872 
13.21% 
2,788,872 
13.21% 
Germany 
Euro-BTP Future March 2020 
(819) 
(130,967,396) 
379,899 
1.80% 
Euro-OAT Future March 2020 
(14) 
(2,557,931) 
10,125 
0.05% 
Euro-SCHATZ Future March 2020 
(3,443) 
(432,486,807) 
144,909 
0.69% 
534,933 
2.54% 
Great Britain 
Long Gilt Future March 2020 
(125) 
(21,755,707) 
43,425 
0.21% 
43,425 
0.21% 
United States 
US 2 Year Note (CBT) March 2020 
(1,789) 
(385,529,500) 
100,547 
0.48% 
100,547 
0.48% 
Total futures contracts 
5,285,463 
25.05% 
Total financial assets at fair value through profit or loss 
11,874,212 
56.27% 
Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss 
Futures contracts 
Australia 
Australia 10 Year SFE March 2020 
1,651 
165,913,016 
(2,829,395) 
(13.41%) 
(2,829,395) 
(13.41%) 
Germany 
Euro-BUND Future March 2020 
1,047 
200,369,651 
(1,768,959) 
(8.38%) 
(1,768,959) 
(8.38%) 
Japan 
Japan 10 Year Bond (OSE) March 2020 
(6) 
(8,401,932) 
(3,865) 
(0.02%) 
(3,865) 
(0.02%) 
United States 
US 10 Year Note (CBT) March 2020 
2,378 
305,387,219 
(1,927,382) 
(9.13%) 
(1,927,382) 
(9.13%) 
Total futures contracts 
(6,529,601) 
(30.94%) 
Total financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss 
(6,529,601) 
(30.94%) 
43 
Aspect Investment Programmes ICAV - Aspect Systematic Global Macro Trading Fund 
43 
 
SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
As at 31 December 2019 
 
 
Quantity 
 
Notional 
value 
 
Fair value 
 
% of net 
 
(units) 
 
US$ 
 
US$ 
 
assets 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Investment funds – Money market funds 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Blackrock Institutional US Treasury Fund Core Trend 
1,801,168 
 
 
 
1,801,168 
 
8.53% 
Goldman Sachs US Dollar Treasury Liquid Reserves 
Fund – Institutional Share Class 
2,135,222 
 
 
 
2,135,223 
 
10.12% 
JP Morgan US Dollar Treasury Liquidity Fund – 
Institutional Share Class 
2,652,358 
 
 
 
2,652,358 
 
12.57% 
Total investment funds 
 
 
 
 
6,588,749 
 
31.22% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Futures contracts 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Australia 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Australia 3 Year Bond Future March 2020 
(4,016) 
 
(324,689,047) 
 
1,817,686 
 
8.61% 
 
 
 
 
 
1,817,686 
 
8.61% 
Canada 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Canada 10 Year Bond Future March 2020 
(1,713) 
 
(181,610,364) 
 
2,788,872 
 
13.21% 
 
 
 
 
 
2,788,872 
 
13.21% 
Germany 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Euro-BTP Future March 2020 
(819) 
 
(130,967,396) 
 
379,899 
 
1.80% 
Euro-OAT Future March 2020 
(14) 
 
(2,557,931) 
 
10,125 
 
0.05% 
Euro-SCHATZ Future March 2020 
(3,443) 
 
(432,486,807) 
 
144,909 
 
0.69% 
 
 
 
 
 
534,933 
 
2.54% 
Great Britain 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Long Gilt Future March 2020 
(125) 
 
(21,755,707) 
 
43,425 
 
0.21% 
 
 
 
 
 
43,425 
 
0.21% 
United States 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
US 2 Year Note (CBT) March 2020 
(1,789) 
 
(385,529,500) 
 
100,547 
 
0.48% 
 
 
 
 
 
100,547 
 
0.48% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Total futures contracts 
 
 
 
 
5,285,463 
 
25.05% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Total financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
 
 
 
11,874,212 
 
56.27% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Futures contracts
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Australia
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Australia 10 Year SFE March 2020 
1,651 
 
165,913,016 
 
(2,829,395) 
 
(13.41%) 
 
 
 
 
 
(2,829,395) 
 
(13.41%) 
Germany
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Euro-BUND Future March 2020 
1,047 
 
200,369,651 
 
(1,768,959) 
 
(8.38%) 
 
 
 
 
 
(1,768,959) 
 
(8.38%) 
Japan 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Japan 10 Year Bond (OSE) March 2020 
(6) 
 
(8,401,932) 
 
(3,865) 
 
(0.02%) 
 
 
 
 
 
(3,865) 
 
(0.02%) 
United States 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
US 10 Year Note (CBT) March 2020 
2,378 
 
305,387,219 
 
(1,927,382) 
 
(9.13%) 
 
 
 
 
 
(1,927,382) 
 
(9.13%) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Total futures contracts 
 
 
 
 
(6,529,601) 
 
(30.94%) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Total financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss
 
 
(6,529,601) 
 
(30.94%)

--- Page 227 ---
Aspect Investment Programmes ICAV - Aspect Systematic Global Macro Trading Fund 
SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
As at 31 December 2018 
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss 
Investment funds — Money market funds 
Quantity 
(units) 
Notional 
value 
US$ 
Fair 
value 
US$ 
% of net 
assets 
281,439 
Blackrock Institutional US Treasury Fund Core Trend 
281,439 
17.20% 
Goldman Sachs US Dollar Treasury Liquid Reserves 
Fund — Institutional Share Class 
89,253 
89,253 
5.46% 
JP Morgan US Dollar Treasury Liquidity Fund —
Institutional Share Class 
68,970 
68,970 
4.21% 
Total investment funds 
439,662 
26.87% 
Futures contracts 
Australia 
Australia 3 Year Bond Future March 2019 
44 
3,475,893 
8,805 
0.54% 
8,805 
0.54% 
Germany 
Euro-BTP Future March 2019 
49 
7,159,441 
159,549 
9.74% 
Euro-SCHATZ Future March 2019 
350 
44,787,474 
20,788 
1.27% 
180,337 
11.01% 
Great Britain 
Long Gilt Future March 2019 
164 
25,726,567 
21,384 
1.31% 
21,384 
1.31% 
Japan 
Japan 10 Year Bond (OSE) March 2019 
5 
6,948,913 
1,732 
0.11% 
1,732 
0.11% 
Total futures contracts 
212,258 
12.97% 
Total financial assets at fair value through profit or loss 
651,920 
39.84% 
Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss 
Futures contracts 
Australia 
Australia 10 Year SFE March 2019 
(121) 
(11,301,785) 
(51,824) 
(3.17%) 
(51,824) 
(3.17%) 
Canada 
Canada 10 Year Bond Future March 2019 
(80) 
(8,011,129) 
(74,938) 
(4.58%) 
(74,938) 
(4.58%) 
Germany 
Euro-OAT Future March 2019 
1 
172,387 
(251) 
(0.02%) 
Euro-BUND Future March 2019 
(101) 
(18,882,026) 
(23,732) 
(1.45%) 
(23,983) 
(1.47%) 
United States 
US 10 Year Note (CBT) March 2019 
(12) 
(1,464,188) 
(8,750) 
(0.53%) 
US 2 Year Note (CBT) March 2019 
(339) 
(71,973,938) 
(313,000) 
(19.12%) 
(321,750) 
(19.65%) 
Total futures contracts 
(472,495) 
(28.87%) 
Total financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss 
(472,495) 
(28.87%) 
44 
Aspect Investment Programmes ICAV - Aspect Systematic Global Macro Trading Fund 
44 
 
SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
As at 31 December 2018 
 
 
Quantity 
 
Notional 
value 
 
Fair 
value 
 
% of net 
 
(units) 
 
US$ 
 
US$ 
 
assets 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Investment funds – Money market funds 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Blackrock Institutional US Treasury Fund Core Trend 
281,439 
 
 
 
281,439 
 
 
17.20% 
Goldman Sachs US Dollar Treasury Liquid Reserves 
Fund – Institutional Share Class 
89,253 
 
 
 
89,253 
 
5.46% 
JP Morgan US Dollar Treasury Liquidity Fund – 
Institutional Share Class 
68,970 
 
 
 
68,970 
 
4.21% 
Total investment funds 
 
 
 
 
439,662 
 
26.87% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Futures contracts 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Australia 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Australia 3 Year Bond Future March 2019 
44 
 
3,475,893 
 
8,805 
 
0.54% 
 
 
 
 
 
8,805 
 
0.54% 
Germany 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Euro-BTP Future March 2019 
49 
 
7,159,441 
 
159,549 
 
9.74% 
Euro-SCHATZ Future March 2019 
350 
 
44,787,474 
 
20,788 
 
1.27% 
 
 
 
 
 
180,337 
 
11.01% 
Great Britain 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Long Gilt Future March 2019 
164 
 
25,726,567 
 
21,384 
 
1.31% 
 
 
 
 
 
21,384 
 
1.31% 
Japan 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Japan 10 Year Bond (OSE) March 2019 
5 
 
6,948,913 
 
1,732 
 
0.11% 
 
 
 
 
 
1,732 
 
0.11% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Total futures contracts 
 
 
 
 
212,258 
 
12.97% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Total financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
 
 
 
651,920 
 
39.84% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Futures contracts
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Australia
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Australia 10 Year SFE March 2019 
(121) 
 
(11,301,785) 
 
(51,824) 
 
(3.17%) 
 
 
 
 
 
(51,824) 
 
(3.17%) 
Canada 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Canada 10 Year Bond Future March 2019 
(80) 
 
(8,011,129) 
 
(74,938) 
 
(4.58%) 
 
 
 
 
 
(74,938) 
 
(4.58%) 
Germany
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Euro-OAT Future March 2019 
1 
 
172,387 
 
(251) 
 
(0.02%) 
Euro-BUND Future March 2019 
(101) 
 
(18,882,026) 
 
(23,732) 
 
(1.45%) 
 
 
 
 
 
(23,983) 
 
(1.47%) 
United States 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
US 10 Year Note (CBT) March 2019 
(12) 
 
(1,464,188) 
 
(8,750) 
 
(0.53%) 
US 2 Year Note (CBT) March 2019 
(339) 
 
(71,973,938) 
 
(313,000) 
 
(19.12%) 
 
 
 
 
 
(321,750) 
 
(19.65%) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Total futures contracts 
 
 
 
 
(472,495) 
 
(28.87%) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Total financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss
 
 
(472,495) 
 
(28.87%)

--- Page 228 ---
Aspect Investment Programmes ICAV - Aspect Systematic Global Macro Trading Fund 
APPENDIX 1— UNAUDITED ADDITIONAL INFORMATION NOT FORMING PART OF THE 
AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
Material changes in the information listed in Article 23 of Directive 2011/61/EU (the "Alternative 
Investment Fund Managers Directive" or "AIFMD") during the year ended 31 December 2019, disclosed 
pursuant to Article 22(2)(d) of AIFMD 
There have been no material changes in the information required to be made available to investors in accordance 
with Article 23 of AIFMD (as implemented in the United ICingdom) during the year ended 31 December 2019. 
The information required to be disclosed on a periodic or regular basis in accordance with Articles 23(4) and (5) 
of AIFMD (in each case as implemented in the United ICingdom) is available at the following website: 
www.aspectcapital.com/reg/AIFMD.
Remuneration disclosures pursuant to Articles 22(2)(e) and (f) of AIFMD 
All staff of the Investment Manager were involved in the activities of the Fund during the year ended 31 
December 2019. The Investment Manager has attributed (using an objective apportionment methodology) a 
proportion of the total amount of remuneration paid (or to be paid) by the Investment Manager to its staff for the 
year ended 31 December 2019 to the Fund, as follows: 
2019 
US$ 
2018 
US$ 
Fixed remuneration 
4,696 
4,671 
Variable remuneration 
(238) 
4,391 
Total remuneration 
4,458 
9,062 
The average monthly number of beneficiaries who received fixed remuneration during the 
period was: 
126 
126 
The number of beneficiaries who received variable remuneration during the year was: 
130 
130 
No carried interest was paid by the Investment Manager during the year ended 31 December 2019. 
The aggregate amount of remuneration paid (or to be paid) by the Investment Manager to senior management for 
the year ended 31 December 2019 was: 
2019 
2018 
US$ 
US$ 
Total remuneration, including deferred performance linked amount of US$107 
(2018: US$74) 
150 
986 
The number of beneficiaries who received such remuneration during the year was: 
5 
5 
The aggregate amount of remuneration paid (or to be paid) by the Investment Manager to members of staff 
whose actions have a material impact on the risk profile of the Fund for the year ended 31 December 2019 was: 
2019 
2018 
US$ 
US$ 
Total remuneration, including deferred performance linked amount of US$98 
(2018: US$29) 
(119) 
485 
The number of beneficiaries who received such remuneration during the year was: 
3 
3 
The 2018 remuneration figures are based on the Investment Manager's audited financial statements for the year 
ended 31 December 2018. 
It should be noted that there is some overlap between senior management of the Investment Manager and 
members of staff of the Investment Manager whose actions have a material impact on the risk profile of the 
Fund. 
• 
The financial and non-financial criteria of the remuneration policies and practices for the Investment 
Manager's staff are set out in the Investment Manager's Remuneration Policy and are intended to be 
consistent with, and to promote, sound and effective risk management and to not encourage risk-taking 
which is inconsistent with the risk profile of the AIFs (as defined in AIFMD) that the Investment Manager 
manages. In particular, as regards (i) the potential influence of the Investment Manager's remuneration 
policies and practices on the risk profile of the relevant AIFs, and (ii) the measures adopted to avoid or 
manage conflicts of interest, the Remuneration Policy provides that: 
45 
Aspect Investment Programmes ICAV - Aspect Systematic Global Macro Trading Fund 
45 
 
APPENDIX 1 – UNAUDITED ADDITIONAL INFORMATION NOT FORMING PART OF THE 
AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
Material changes in the information listed in Article 23 of Directive 2011/61/EU (the “Alternative 
Investment Fund Managers Directive” or “AIFMD”) during the year ended 31 December 2019, disclosed 
pursuant to Article 22(2)(d) of AIFMD 
 
There have been no material changes in the information required to be made available to investors in accordance 
with Article 23 of AIFMD (as implemented in the United Kingdom) during the year ended 31 December 2019. 
 
The information required to be disclosed on a periodic or regular basis in accordance with Articles 23(4) and (5) 
of AIFMD (in each case as implemented in the United Kingdom) is available at the following website: 
www.aspectcapital.com/reg/AIFMD.  
 
Remuneration disclosures pursuant to Articles 22(2)(e) and (f) of AIFMD 
 
All staff of the Investment Manager were involved in the activities of the Fund during the year ended 31 
December 2019. The Investment Manager has attributed (using an objective apportionment methodology) a 
proportion of the total amount of remuneration paid (or to be paid) by the Investment Manager to its staff for the 
year ended 31 December 2019 to the Fund, as follows: 
 
2019
US$ 
2018 
US$ 
Fixed remuneration 
4,696 
4,671 
Variable remuneration 
(238) 
4,391 
Total remuneration 
4,458 
9,062 
 
The average monthly number of beneficiaries who received fixed remuneration during the 
period was: 
 
126 
126 
The number of beneficiaries who received variable remuneration during the year was: 
 
130 
130 
 
No carried interest was paid by the Investment Manager during the year ended 31 December 2019.  
 
The aggregate amount of remuneration paid (or to be paid) by the Investment Manager to senior management for 
the year ended 31 December 2019 was: 
 
 
2019 
US$ 
2018 
US$
Total remuneration, including deferred performance linked amount of US$107 
(2018: US$74) 
150 
986 
The number of beneficiaries who received such remuneration during the year was: 
5 
5 
 
The aggregate amount of remuneration paid (or to be paid) by the Investment Manager to members of staff 
whose actions have a material impact on the risk profile of the Fund for the year ended 31 December 2019 was: 
 
 
2019 
US$ 
2018 
US$
Total remuneration, including deferred performance linked amount of US$98 
(2018: US$29) 
(119) 
485 
The number of beneficiaries who received such remuneration during the year was: 
3 
3 
 
The 2018 remuneration figures are based on the Investment Manager’s audited financial statements for the year 
ended 31 December 2018.   
 
It should be noted that there is some overlap between senior management of the Investment Manager and 
members of staff of the Investment Manager whose actions have a material impact on the risk profile of the 
Fund. 
 
• 
The financial and non-financial criteria of the remuneration policies and practices for the Investment 
Manager’s staff are set out in the Investment Manager’s Remuneration Policy and are intended to be 
consistent with, and to promote, sound and effective risk management and to not encourage risk-taking 
which is inconsistent with the risk profile of the AIFs (as defined in AIFMD) that the Investment Manager 
manages. In particular, as regards (i) the potential influence of the Investment Manager’s remuneration 
policies and practices on the risk profile of the relevant AIFs, and (ii) the measures adopted to avoid or 
manage conflicts of interest, the Remuneration Policy provides that:

--- Page 229 ---
Aspect Investment Programmes ICAV - Aspect Systematic Global Macro Trading Fund 
APPENDIX 1— UNAUDITED ADDITIONAL INFORMATION NOT FORMING PART OF THE 
AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 
• 
Although not required to do so, as a matter of good practice the Investment Manager has established a 
remuneration committee ("RemCo") to which the Investment Manager's Board of Directors has delegated 
certain responsibilities in respect of employee remuneration. 
• 
The structure of an employee's remuneration should be consistent with and promote effective risk 
management and not encourage any level of risk-taking that exceeds the Investment Manager's tolerated 
and stated risk limits (as set out in the Investment Manager's ICAAP document) or that is inconsistent with 
the risk profiles of the AIFs it manages. 
• 
The remuneration structure should avoid incentivising employees on a short-term basis, and should 
promote the Investment Manager's business strategy, objectives, values and long-term interests and those 
of the AIFs it manages and their investors. In particular, variable remuneration is determined in light of the 
medium term nature of the Investment Manager's investment management strategies - typically being at 
least three years. In addition, employees have the option (and in some cases are required) to defer their 
bonus through a staff incentive scheme which serves further to align bonus payments with the firm's 
business cycle, with the amount that is paid to the employee through the scheme reflecting the performance 
of the Aspect Diversified Programme. 
• 
In any given period, the total variable remuneration paid to the Investment Manager's employees should 
not limit its ability to maintain the strength of its capital base. 
• 
Variable remuneration will not be paid through vehicles or methods that facilitate the avoidance of the 
requirements of the AIFM Remuneration Code as set out in the Financial Conduct Authority's Handbook. 
• 
The Investment Manager's risk management, compliance, internal audit and similar functions are required 
to provide input on the Investment Manager's overall remuneration strategy, having regard to the effective 
promotion of risk management, and to have an active role in the design, ongoing oversight and review of 
the Remuneration Policy. 
• 
Each employee's remuneration is generally determined by the Investment Manager's Board of Directors; 
save that the board's remuneration and that of the senior officers in the Investment Manager's risk 
management and compliance functions is overseen by the RemCo. Consequently it is not possible for any 
single individual to determine the remuneration for his/her own business area. 
COMPARISON WITH US GAAP 
The following are the material quantitative adjustments required to these fmancial statements to equate 
them to a US GAAP basis for the Statement of Financial Position and the Statement of Comprehensive 
Income: 
31 December 2019 
31 December 2018 
US$ 
US$ 
Net assets attributable to holders of redeemable 
participating shares as at 31 December 
(in accordance with IFRS) 
Adjustment for redemptions payable on 
1 January in conformity with ASC480 
Net assets of the Fund calculated 
in conformity with US GAAP 
21,103,837 
1,636,121 
21,103,837 
1,636,121 
Accounting Standards Codification ("ASC") 815-10 "Derivatives and Hedging" includes disclosure 
requirements with the intent to provide users of financial statements with an enhanced understanding of 
how and why an entity uses derivative instruments. The fair value of derivative instruments held as at 31 
December 2019 is shown in the accompanying Schedule of Investments. 
46 
Aspect Investment Programmes ICAV - Aspect Systematic Global Macro Trading Fund 
46 
 
 APPENDIX 1 – UNAUDITED ADDITIONAL INFORMATION NOT FORMING PART OF THE 
AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 
 
• 
Although not required to do so, as a matter of good practice the Investment Manager has established a 
remuneration committee (“RemCo”) to which the Investment Manager’s Board of Directors has delegated 
certain responsibilities in respect of employee remuneration.  
 
• 
The structure of an employee’s remuneration should be consistent with and promote effective risk 
management and not encourage any level of risk-taking that exceeds the Investment Manager’s tolerated 
and stated risk limits (as set out in the Investment Manager’s ICAAP document) or that is inconsistent with 
the risk profiles of the AIFs it manages. 
 
• 
The remuneration structure should avoid incentivising employees on a short-term basis, and should 
promote the Investment Manager’s business strategy, objectives, values and long-term interests and those 
of the AIFs it manages and their investors. In particular, variable remuneration is determined in light of the 
medium term nature of the Investment Manager’s investment management strategies - typically being at 
least three years. In addition, employees have the option (and in some cases are required) to defer their 
bonus through a staff incentive scheme which serves further to align bonus payments with the firm’s 
business cycle, with the amount that is paid to the employee through the scheme reflecting the performance 
of the Aspect Diversified Programme. 
 
• 
In any given period, the total variable remuneration paid to the Investment Manager’s employees should 
not limit its ability to maintain the strength of its capital base. 
 
• 
Variable remuneration will not be paid through vehicles or methods that facilitate the avoidance of the 
requirements of the AIFM Remuneration Code as set out in the Financial Conduct Authority’s Handbook. 
 
• 
The Investment Manager’s risk management, compliance, internal audit and similar functions are required 
to provide input on the Investment Manager’s overall remuneration strategy, having regard to the effective 
promotion of risk management, and to have an active role in the design, ongoing oversight and review of 
the Remuneration Policy. 
 
• 
Each employee’s remuneration is generally determined by the Investment Manager’s Board of Directors; 
save that the board’s remuneration and that of the senior officers in the Investment Manager’s risk 
management and compliance functions is overseen by the RemCo. Consequently it is not possible for any 
single individual to determine the remuneration for his/her own business area. 
 
COMPARISON WITH US GAAP   
 
The following are the material quantitative adjustments required to these financial statements to equate 
them to a US GAAP basis for the Statement of Financial Position and the Statement of Comprehensive 
Income: 
 
  
31 December 2019 
  
31 December 2018 
  
US$ 
  
US$ 
Net assets attributable to holders of redeemable 
 
  
  
participating shares as at 31 December 
 
 
(in accordance with IFRS) 
2121,103,837 
1,636,121 
Adjustment for redemptions payable on  
 
 
1 January in conformity with ASC480 
- 
- 
Net assets of the Fund calculated  
 
 
in conformity with US GAAP 
21,103,837 
1,636,121 
 
Accounting Standards Codification (“ASC”) 815-10 “Derivatives and Hedging” includes disclosure 
requirements with the intent to provide users of financial statements with an enhanced understanding of 
how and why an entity uses derivative instruments. The fair value of derivative instruments held as at 31 
December 2019 is shown in the accompanying Schedule of Investments.

--- Page 230 ---
Aspect Investment Programmes ICAV - Aspect Systematic Global Macro Trading Fund 
APPENDIX 1— UNAUDITED ADDITIONAL INFORMATION NOT FORMING PART OF THE 
AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 
COMPARISON WITH US GAAP (continued) 
ASC 740-10 "Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes — an interpretation of ASC 740" clarifies the 
accounting for uncertainty in income taxes recognized in the Fund's financial statements in conformity with 
ASC 740 "Accounting for Income Taxes". ASC 740-10 prescribes a recognition threshold and 
measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position or 
expected position to be taken on a tax return. Given the Fund's domicile, the investment objective of the 
Fund and the trading strategies and instruments traded/held by the Fund there are no uncertain tax positions 
and therefore ASC 740-10 has no impact on the Fund's financial position or result of operations for the 
year ended 31 December 2019. 
47 
Aspect Investment Programmes ICAV - Aspect Systematic Global Macro Trading Fund 
47 
 
APPENDIX 1 – UNAUDITED ADDITIONAL INFORMATION NOT FORMING PART OF THE 
AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 
 
 
COMPARISON WITH US GAAP (continued) 
 
ASC 740-10 “Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes – an interpretation of ASC 740” clarifies the 
accounting for uncertainty in income taxes recognized in the Fund’s financial statements in conformity with 
ASC 740 “Accounting for Income Taxes”. ASC 740-10 prescribes a recognition threshold and 
measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position or 
expected position to be taken on a tax return. Given the Fund’s domicile, the investment objective of the 
Fund and the trading strategies and instruments traded/held by the Fund there are no uncertain tax positions 
and therefore ASC 740-10 has no impact on the Fund’s financial position or result of operations for the 
year ended 31 December 2019.

--- Page 231 ---
Aspect Investment Programmes ICAV - Aspect Systematic Global Macro Trading Fund 
APPENDIX 2 — UNAUDITED ADDITIONAL INFORMATION NOT FORMING PART OF THE 
AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
Share Class 
Performance 
Jurisdiction 
Fund 
management fee 
redemption fee 
Underlying Fund 
regulatory status 
Manager 
(bps) 
% 
Goldman Sachs US$ Treasury 
Goldman 
Liquid Reserves Fund 
Dublin 
Sachs 
20 
JP Morgan US$ Treasury 
Liquidity Fund 
Luxembourg 
JP Morgan 
21 
-
Blackrock Institutional US 
Treasury Fund Core Trend 
Ireland 
Blackrock 
20 
48 
Aspect Investment Programmes ICAV - Aspect Systematic Global Macro Trading Fund 
48 
 
APPENDIX 2 – UNAUDITED ADDITIONAL INFORMATION NOT FORMING PART OF THE 
AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
Underlying Fund 
Jurisdiction 
regulatory status 
Fund 
Manager 
Share Class 
management fee 
(bps) 
Performance 
redemption fee 
% 
Goldman Sachs US$ Treasury 
Liquid Reserves Fund 
Dublin 
Goldman 
Sachs 
20 
- 
JP Morgan US$ Treasury 
Liquidity Fund 
Luxembourg 
JP Morgan 
21 
- 
Blackrock Institutional US 
Treasury Fund Core Trend 
Ireland 
Blackrock 
20 
-

--- Page 232 ---
Aspect Investment Programmes ICAV - Aspect Systematic Global Macro Trading Fund 
APPENDIX 3 — UNAUDITED SECURITIES FINANCING TRANSACTIONS 
Pursuant to Article 13 of Regulation (EU) 2015/2365 on transparency of securities financing transactions and of 
reuse and amending Regulation (EU) No 648/2012 (the "SFTR"), the Investment Manager is required to inform 
investors of the use it makes of securities financing transactions ("SFTs") and total return swaps ("TRSs") in 
respect of the Fund. For the purposes of the SFTR, SFTs are defined as: repurchase transactions, securities or 
commodities lending or borrowing transactions, buy-sell back transactions, sell-buy back transactions and 
margin lending transactions. 
The Investment Manager is authorised to enter into repurchase transactions, securities or commodities lending or 
borrowing transaction, buy-sell back transactions, sell-buy back transactions or margin lending transactions and 
TRSs. However, for the year ended 31 December 2019 the Investment Manager has not engaged in any SFTs or 
TRSs on behalf of the Fund. 
49 
Aspect Investment Programmes ICAV - Aspect Systematic Global Macro Trading Fund 
49 
 
APPENDIX 3 – UNAUDITED SECURITIES FINANCING TRANSACTIONS 
 
Pursuant to Article 13 of Regulation (EU) 2015/2365 on transparency of securities financing transactions and of 
reuse and amending Regulation (EU) No 648/2012 (the “SFTR”), the Investment Manager is required to inform 
investors of the use it makes of securities financing transactions (“SFTs”) and total return swaps (“TRSs”) in 
respect of the Fund. For the purposes of the SFTR, SFTs are defined as: repurchase transactions, securities or 
commodities lending or borrowing transactions, buy-sell back transactions, sell-buy back transactions and 
margin lending transactions.  
 
The Investment Manager is authorised to enter into repurchase transactions, securities or commodities lending or 
borrowing transaction, buy-sell back transactions, sell-buy back transactions or margin lending transactions and 
TRSs. However, for the year ended 31 December 2019 the Investment Manager has not engaged in any SFTs or 
TRSs on behalf of the Fund.

--- Page 233 ---
ASPECT INVESTMENT PROGRAMMES ICAV - ASPECT SYSTEMATIC GLOBAL 
MACRO TRADING FUND 
(An umbrella Irish collective asset-management vehicle with variable capital and with segregated liability 
between sub-funds registered in Ireland on 3 May 2018 under the Irish Collective Asset-management Vehicles 
Act 2015 and authorised by the Central Bank as a qualifying investor alternative investment fund) 
ANNUAL REPORT AND AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the period from 3 May 2018 (date of incorporation) 
to 31 December 2018 
This report is submitted pursuant to an exemption under section 18-96 of the Regulations of the 
Commodity Futures Trading Commission 
Registered Number: C180883

--- Page 234 ---
Aspect Investment' Programmes ICAV 
Aspect Investment' Programmes ICAV 
rd Floor, Block E 
Iveagh Court 
Harcotirt Road 
Dublin 2 
Ireland 
AFFIRMATION OF THE COMMODITY POOL ADVISOR 
To the best O the knowledge and belief -of the undersigned, the information .etintainedin the -audited .financial 
statements of Aspect* Investment Programmes ICAV for the financial period from 3 May 2.01 
(date 'of 
incorporation) to 31 December 201$ is accurate and complete. 
For the period from 3. May 2018 (date of incorporation) to 3.1 December 2018, the Investment Manager is 
satisfied that Aspect-Investment Programmes ICAV remained in compliance with, and did not trade. in violation 
°finny stated investment policy and/or objectives, including..any applicable investment Oddities.. 
By: 
Aspect Capital Limited 
Investment Manager 
of Aspect Investment Programme's ICAV 
Kenneth Hope 
Chief 'Operating Officer 
26 March 2019

--- Page 235 ---
Aspect Investment Programmes ICAV - Aspect Systematic Global Macro Trading Fund 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
PAGE 
ICAV INFORMATION 
3 
DIRECTORS' REPORT 
4-8 
DEPOSITARY'S REPORT 
9 
INVESTMENT MANAGER'S REPORT 
10-11 
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT TO THE MEMBERS 
OF ASPECT SYSTEMATIC GLOBAL MACRO TRADING FUND 
12-15 
STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION 
16 
STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
17 
STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY 
18 
STATEMENT OF CASHFLOWS 
19 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
20-38 
SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
39 
APPENDIX 1— UNAUDITEDADDITIONALINFORMATIONNOT FORMING 
PART OF THE AUDI l'ED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
40-42 
APPENDIX 2— UNAUDITEDADDITIONALINFORMATIONNOT FORMING 
PART OF THE AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
43 
APPENDIX 3 — UNAUDITED SECURITIES FINANCING TRANSACTIONS 
44

--- Page 236 ---
ICAV INFORMATION 
DIRECTORS 
*Non-executive 
* * Independent, non-executive 
Anna Hull* (resigned on 28 September 2018) 
Jonathan Greenwold* (appointed on 28 September 2018) 
Mr. Teddy Otto** 
Mr. John Skelly** 
Mr. Adrian Waters** 
Aspect Investment Programmes ICAV- Aspect 
REGISTERED OFFICE 
Systematic Global Macro Trading Fund 
2 nd Floor, Block E 
Iveagh Court 
Harcourt Road 
Dublin 2 
Ireland 
ADMINISTRATOR 
U.S. Bank Global Fund Services (Ireland) Limited 
(fot merly Quintillion Limited) 
24-26 City Quay 
Dublin 2 
Ireland 
INVESTMENT MANAGERAND AIFM 
Aspect Capital Limited 
10 Portman Square 
London W1H 6AZ 
United Kingdom 
LEGAL ADVISORS 
Maples and Calder 
(in Ireland) 
75 St Stephen's Green 
Dublin 2 
Ireland 
(in the United States) 
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR 
CORPORATE SECRETARY 
DEPOSITARY 
LISTING SPONSOR 
Akin Gump, Strauss Haver &Feld LLP 
One Bryant Park 
New York NY10036 
United States ofAmerica 
KPMG 
1 Harbourmaster Place 
IFSC 
Dublin 1 
Ireland 
Came Global Financial Services Limited 
2nd Floor, Block E 
Iveagh Court 
Harcourt Road 
Dublin 2 
Ireland 
BNY Mellon Trust Company (Ireland) Limited 
One Dockland Central 
Guild Street 
Dublin 1 
Ireland 
Maples and Calder 
75 St. Stephen's Green 
Dublin 2 
Ireland 
3

--- Page 237 ---
DIRECTORS' REPORT 
For the period from 3 May 2018 (date of incorporation) to 31 December 2018 
The Directors present their Annual Report and Audited Financial Statements of Aspect Investment Programmes 
ICAV (the "ICAV") and Aspect Systematic Global Macro Trading Fund (the "Fund") for the financial period 
from 3 May 2018 (date of incorporation) to 31 December 2018. 
Overview 
The ICAV has been established as an Irish Collective Asset-management Vehicle with variable capital and 
segregated liability between Sub-Funds registered in Ireland on 3 May 2018 under the Irish Collective Asset-
management Vehicle Act 2015 (the "Act") and authorised by the Central Bank as a qualifying investor 
alternative investment fund. The fast and currently sole sub-fund of the ICAV is Aspect Systematic Global 
Macro Trading Fund which commenced operations on 29 June 2018 (the "Fund"). 
The Fund has been admitted to the official list on the global exchange market ofthe Euronext Dublin. 
Corporate Governance Code 
The Board have adopted the corporate governance code issued by the Irish Funds (the IF code), having regard 
for certain other key pillars of governance within the collective investment fund governance structure, including: 
• 
the unique role of the Investment Manager, as recognised by the Central Bank of Ireland, in supporting the 
corporate governance ofthe Fund; and 
• 
the uniqueness of the independent segregation of duties as between the Investment Manager, the 
Administrator (with responsibility for the calculation of the net asset value ("NAV'), amongst other duties) 
and the independent Depositary (with responsibility for safeguarding the assets of the Fund and overseeing 
how the Fund is managed), such segregation of duties/functions being achieved through delegation of 
respective responsibilities to and appointment of suitably qualified and also regulated third party entities 
who are subject to regulatory supervision. 
The Fund has no employees and the Directors are all non-executive. Consistent with the regulatory framework 
applicable to investment fund companies, the Fund consequently operates under the delegated model whereby it 
has delegated investment management, administration and distribution functions to third parties without 
abrogating the Board's overall responsibility. The Board has in place mechanisms for monitoring the exercise of 
such delegated functions which are always subject to the supervision and direction of the Board. The delegation 
of such functions and the appointment of regulated third party entities are detailed in the Fund's Prospectus and 
Supplements. In summary, they are: 
1. 
The Board has delegated the performance of the investment management functions in respect of the 
Fund and of the Fund to the Investment Manager. The Investment Manager has direct responsibility for 
the day to day investment management of the Fund and is accountable to the Board of the Fund for the 
investment performance of the Fund. The Investment Manager has internal controls and risk 
management processes in place to ensure that all applicable risks pertaining to its investment 
management of the Fund are identified, monitored and managed and appropriate reporting is made to 
the Board on a regular basis. The Investment Manager has also been appointed as the distributor of the 
Fund. The Investment Manager is regulated by and under the supervision of the regulator of its 
operating juris diction; 
2. The Board has delegated its responsibilities for administration to U.S. Bank Global Fund Services 
(Ireland) Limited (formerly Quintillion Limited) (the "Administrator") which has responsibility for the 
day to day administration of the Fund and the Fund including the calculation of the NAV. The 
Administrator is regulated by and under the supervision ofthe Central Bank of Ireland. 
4

--- Page 238 ---
Aspect Investment Programmes ICAV - Aspect Systematic Global Macro Trading Fund 
DIRECTORS' REPORT (continued) 
For the period from 3 May 2018 (date of incorporation) to 31 December 2018 
Objectives and principal risks 
The Fund's investment objective is to generate returns whilst controlling overall levels of risk. The Fund seeks to 
achieve its investment objective by applying the Aspect Systematic Global Macro Programme (the 
"Programme") and gaining exposure to the asset classes described in the supplement for Aspect Systematic 
Global Macro Trading Fund (the "Fund Supplement"). 
The Programme is a proprietary system which has been developed and is maintained and implemented by the 
AIFM. The Programme applies a systematic, duration neutral and relative value approach, which deploys 
multiple investment strategies that seeks to identify quantifiable indicators that can systematically be used to 
capture profitable opportunities across a broad range ofequ ity indices, fixed incomes ecurities and currencies. 
Generally, the Programme maintains positions in the majority of markets in which it invests. The emphasis is 
upon structuring a genuinely diversified set of market risk allocations that is designed to maximise the 
probability of returns wherever profit opportunities appear. Market exposures are monitored daily and the level 
of exposure in each market is quantifiable at all times and changes in accordance with market volatility and 
liquidity. 
The principal risks and uncertainties faced by the Fund are the investment risks associated with the portfolio of 
investments held for the account of Fund and the operational risks associated with their management and 
administration. 
The information required under the accounting standards adopted by the Fund, International Financial Reporting 
Standards ("IFRS") as adopted by the EU in relation to the use by the Fund of financial instruments, the financial 
risk management objectives and policies of the Fund and the exposures of the Fund to market risk, currency risk, 
interest rate risk, liquidity risk, credit risk, price and cash flow risk and are outlined in Note 11. 
Directors' statement on adequate accounting records 
The Directors believe that they have complied with the requirements of Section 110 of the ICAV Act, 2015, with 
regard to adequate accounting records by employing personnel with appropriate expertise and by providing 
adequate resources to finance this function. The accounting records of the Fund are maintained by U.S. Bank 
Global Fund Services (Ireland) Limited (formerly Quintillion Limited), 24-26 City Quay, Dublin 2, Ireland. The 
Directors have appointed BNY Mellon Trust Company (Ireland) Limited to provide for the depositary services 
of the Fund's assets. 
Activities and business review 
A detailed review of the Fund's activities for the financial period from 3 May 2018 (date of incorporation) to 31 
December2018 is included in the InvestmentManager's Report on page 10. 
Results andclividend 
The results for the period are set out in the Statement of Comprehensive Income on page 17, with the Fund's 
Statement of Financial Position set out on page 16. The Directors may at their discretion declare dividends from 
time to time in respect of the shares. It is not the current intention to pay dividends and no dividends have been 
declared during the financialperiod from3 May 2018 (date of incorp oration) to 31 December2018. 
The Directors consider that the change in the net asset value ("NAV') per share is a key indicator of the 
performance of the Fund. Key performance indicators ("KPIs") monitored by the Directors for the Fund include 
the month to month mov ement in the NAVper share and the share capital movements 
"Brexit" -The UK's Withdrawal from the EU 
The UK held a referendum on 23 June 2016 at which the electorate voted to leave the EU. On 29 March 2017, 
the UK provided formal notification to the European Council under Article 50 of the Treaty on European Union, 
which triggers a two year period during which the tenrb of an exit can be negotiated. The two year negotiation 
period may be shortened or extended by agreement of the patties. During, and possibly after, this period there is 
likely to be considerable uncertainty as to the position of the UK and the arrangements which will apply to its 
relationships with the EU and other countries following its withdrawal. This uncertainty may affect other 
countries in the EU, or elsewhere, ifthey are consideredto be impacted by these events. 
5

--- Page 239 ---
Aspect Investment Programmes ICAV - Aspect Systematic Global Macro Trading Fund 
DIRECTORS' REPORT (continued) 
For the period from 3 May 2018 (date of incorporation) to 31 December 2018 
"Brexit" -The UK's Withdrawal from the EU (continued) 
As the Investment Manager is based in the UK and a Fund's investments may be located in the UK or the EU, a 
Fund may as a result be affected by the events described above. The impact ofsuch events on a Fund is difficult 
to predict but there may be detrimental implications for the value of certain of the Fund's investments, or its 
ability to enter into transactions or to value or realise such investments. This may be due to, among other things: 
(i) increased uncertainty and volatility in the UK and EU financial markets; (ii) fluctuations in the market value 
of sterling and of the UK and EU assets; (iii) fluctuations in exchange rates between sterling, the emu and other 
currencies; (iv) increased illiquidity of investments located or listed within the UK or the EU; and/or (v) the 
willingness of financial countemarties to enter into transactions, or the price at which they are prepared to 
transact in relation to the management of a Fund's investment, currency and other risks. Leaving the European 
Union may also result in significant changes to law and regulation in the United Kingdom. The Investment 
Manager expects there to be no impact in relation to any passporting issues, as the only investors (Mosel Capital 
Limited and Saar CapitalLimited) are based in Jersey. 
The Central Bank of Ireland ("CBI") sent letters to all AIFs with UK AIFMs last month, asking whether the 
intention was to continue with a UK AIFM or to appoint another EU entity as AIFM. The Fund responded 
stating their intention to continue with Aspect Capital Limited as UK AIFM. That is now possible considering 
that equivalence arrangements have been agreed between the Financial Conduct Authority and the CBI, and the 
Investment Manager has had no response from the CBI. The Investment Manager also submitted minor updates 
to the Offering Memorandums and Prospectuses to the CBI around the same time, which were approved again 
without comment from the CBI. Continuing with a UK AIFM definitely changes the marketing rules for the 
Ali's, however not for this Fund given it's just the 2 Jersey SPV investors, there's no issue with Aspect Capital 
Limited continuing to manage the funds fromthe UK. Therefore, this does not present a going concern is sue. 
Significant events during the financial period 
The events which were significant for the Fund during the financial period are detailed in Note 19. 
Future developments 
The Fund will continue to act as an investment vehicle as set out in the Prospectus. Refer to Note 20 of the 
financial statements for details ofthe subsequent events for the financial period end date. 
Independent Auditor 
KPMG, Chartered Accountants, have been appointed as independent auditors and have indicated their 
willingness to do so in accordance with Section 125 ofthe ICAV Act 2015. 
Directors 
The Directors holding office as at 31 December 2018 were: 
Mr. Jonathan Gre enwo Id* (British) (appointed on 28 September 2018) 
Mr. Teddy Otto (German)* * 
Mr. John Skelly (Irish)* * 
Mr. Adrian Waters (Irish)** 
Mrs. Anna Hull* held office as a Director until her resignation on 28 September 2018. 
* Non-executive 
* * Independent, non-executive 
None ofthe Directors had any interest in the shares ofthe Fund at any time during the period. 
6

--- Page 240 ---
Aspect Investment Programmes ICAV - Aspect Systematic Global Macro Trading Fund 
DIRECTORS' REPORT (continued) 
For the period from 3 May 2018 (date of incorporation) to 31 December 2018 
Transactions involving Directors 
Other than as disclosed in Note 13 to the Financial Statements, there were no contracts or agreements of any 
significance in relation to the business of the Fund in which the Directors had any interest, as defined in the Act, 
at any time during the financial period. 
Connected party statement: 
The Directors are satisfied that there are arrangements in place to ensure that transactions carried out with 
connected persons of the Fund are carried out as if negotiated at arm's length and any such transactions are in the 
best interests of the Shareholders of the Fund. The Directors are satisfied that any transactions entered into with 
connected persons during theperiod complied with the aforementioned obligation. 
Subsequent events 
There are no events subsequent to 31 December 2018 which, in the opinion of the Directors of the Fund, may 
have had an impact on the fmancial statements for the period from 3 May 2018 (date of incorporation) to 26 
March 2019, the date the fmancial statements were signed. 
7

--- Page 241 ---
Aspect Investment Programmes ICAV - Aspect Systematic Global Macro Trading Fund 
DIRECTORS' REPORT (continued) 
For the period from 3 May 2018 (date of incorporation) to 31 December 2018 
Statement of Directors' responsibilities in respect of the Directors' report and the financial statements 
The directois are responsible for preparing the directois' report and financial statements, in accordance with 
applicable law and regulations. 
The Irish Collective Asset-management Vehicles Act 2015 requires the directois to prepare financial statements 
for each financial year. Under that law they have elected to prepare the financial statements in accordance with 
International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as adopted by the Europ ean Union and applicable law. 
The financial statements are required to give a true and fair view of the assets, liabilities and financial position of 
the Fund at the end of the financial year and of the increase in net assets attributable to holders of equity shares 
in the Fund for the financial year. In prep aring these financial statements, the directors are required to : 
• 
select suitable accounting policies and then apply them c o nsis tently ; 
• 
make judgements and estimates that are reasonable and prudent; 
• 
state whether applicable Accounting Standards have been followed, subject to any material departures 
disclosed and explained in the financial statements; 
• 
assess the ICAV's ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to 
going concern; and 
• 
use the going concern basis of accounting unless they either intend to liquidate the Fund or to cease 
operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so. 
The directois are responsible for keeping adequate accounting records which disclose with reasonable accuracy 
at any time the assets, liabilities, financial position and increase in net assets attributable to holders of 
redeemable participating shares in the Fund and enable them to ensure that the financial statements comply with 
the Irish Collective Asset-management Vehicles Act 2015. They have general responsibility for taking such steps 
as are reasonably open to them to safeguard the assets of the Fund. In this regard they have entrusted the assets 
of the Fund to a depositary for safe-keeping. They are responsible for such internal controls as they determine is 
necessary to enable the preparation of financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due 
to fraud or error, and to prevent and detect fraud and other irregularities. The directois are also responsible for 
preparing a Directois ' Report that complies with the requirements of the Irish Collective Asset-management 
Vehicles Act 2015. 
On behalf ofthe board 
Director 
Director 
26 March 2019 
26 March 2019 
8

--- Page 242 ---
BNY 
BNY Mellon Trust Company (Ireland) Limited 
T +353 1 900 7920 
Riverside Two, Sir John Rogerson's Quay 
F +353 I 829 1024 
Dublin 2, D02 KV60, Ireland 
REPORT FROM THE DEPOSITARY TO THE SHAREHOLDERS 
For the period from 29th June 2018 to 31" December 2018 (the "Period") 
BNY Mellon Trust Company (Ireland) Limited (the "Depositary", "us", "we", or "our"), in its capacity as 
depositary to Aspect Investment Programmes ICAV (the "AIF"), has enquired into the conduct of Aspect Capital 
Limited as the authorised alternative investment fund manager (the "AIFM") with respect to the AIF for the 
Period. 
This report, including the opinion, has been prepared solely for the shareholders in the AIF in accordance with 
the Central Bank's AIF Rulebook (the "AIF Rulebook") and for no other purpose. We do not, in giving this 
opinion, accept or assume responsibility for any other purpose or to any other person to whom this report is shown. 
Responsibilities of the Depositary 
Our duties and responsibilities are outlined in: (i) the AIF's constitutional documents; (ii) the investment funds 
legislation, as defined in the AIF Rulebook, and (iii) the European Union (Alternative Investment Fund Managers) 
Regulations 2013,t Directive 2011/61/EU, Commission Regulation No. 231 of 2013, and the AIF Rulebook. One 
of those duties is to enquire into the conduct of the AIFM in each annual accounting period and report thereon to 
the shareholders. 
Our report must state whether, in our opinion, the AIF has been managed in the Period in accordance with specified 
requirements of investment funds legislation and the AIF Rulebook, as appropriate, and it is the overall 
responsibility of the AIFM to comply with these provisions. If the AIFM has not so complied, we, as Depositary, 
must state why we consider this to be the case and detail the actions which we have undertaken to rectify matters. 
Basis of Depositary opinion 
The Depositary conducts such reviews as it, in its reasonable opinion, considers necessary in order to comply with 
its duties as outlined in the AIF's constitutional documents and the investment fund legislation, and to ensure that, 
in all material respects, the AIFM has been managed: 
(a) 
in accordance with the limitations imposed on the investment and borrowing powers of the authorised 
AIF by the AIF's constitutional documents and by the Central Bank under the powers granted to the 
Central Bank by the investment fund legislation; and 
(b) otherwise in accordance with the provisions of the AIF's constitutional documents and the investment 
fund legislation. 
Opinion 
In our opinion, the AIF has been managed during the Period in all material respects: 
(a) 
in accordance with the limitations imposed on the investment and borrowing powers of the authorised 
AIF by the AIF's constitutional documents and by the Central Bank under the powers granted to the 
Central Bank by the investment fund legislation; and 
(b) otherwise in accordance with the provisions of the AIF's constitutional documents and the investment 
fund legislation. 
I-
For and on behalf of B 
One Dockland Central, 
Guild Street, 
IFSC, 
Dublin 1. 
26th March 2019 
S.I. No. 257 of 2013. 
ellon Trust Company (Ireland) Limited, 
Registered in Ireland, Company No. 223184, VAT No. IE8223184C 
Registered Office: One Dockland Central, Guild Street, IFSC, Dublin 1 
Directors: Mark Fitzgerald (Chairman), Alan Flanagan, Paula Kelleher C Dir (Managing Director), David Kelly, Damien McShane, Tom Young 
BNY Mellon Trust Company (Ireland) Limited is regulated by the Central Bank of Ireland

--- Page 243 ---
Aspect Investment Programmes ICAV - Aspect Systematic Global Macro Trading Fund 
INVESTMENT MANAGER'S REPORT (unaudited) 
For the period from 3 May 2018 (date of incorporation) to 31 December 2018 
July2018 Review 
This Fund trades the Aspect Core Diversified Programme. The Fund returned 12.28% in July. The month began 
with an escalation of trade tensions as US tariffs on $34 billion of Chinese goods went into effect and China 
responded in kind. However, immediate global trade war risks were alleviated after the US and the EU agreed to 
work towards trade agreements. Optimism surrounding the beginning of the quarterly corporate earnings season 
and stronger US economic data helped to offset June's stock market selloffs induced by trade worries. The 
Federal Reserve continued to highlight its commitment to gradual rate hikes despite the US yield curve reaching 
its flattest in over a decade. 
Global bond yields were temporarily lifted by speculation ofshifting Japanese monetary policy and encouraging 
economic data. Fixed income positions performed strongly this month led by gains from the Fund's short 
positions in US and Canadian bonds offsetting losses in long German and Australian positions. Equity index 
performance suffered predominantly from short positions in the S&P 500 as North American stocks achieved 
gains amid upbeat earnings and an uptick in GDP data. Gains in Asian index positions failed to balance these 
losses. Currency positions also produced negative returns as long US Dollar positions struggled as the dollar 
came under pressure from trade uncertainty. Short positions in the Swedish Krona also suffered as Sweden 
released better-than-expected economic data. 
Angus t2018Review 
The Fund returned -17.65% in August. The month witnessed sell-offs in emerging markets amid political and 
monetary policy uncertainty alongside diplomatic disputes and ongoing trade tensions. The US and major trading 
partners engaged in negotiations with a positive outcome in the case of Mexico whilst tensions escalated 
elsewhere. Despite the precarious backdrop, US stock markets surpassed all-time highs encouraged by bouts of 
trade optimis m and robust earnings. 
Fixed income positions suffered during the month as a flight to safety resulted in losses from short US fixed 
income positions. Additionally, long positions in Italian bonds struggled as investors trimmed exposure to the 
market due to fears of contagion from emerging market crises such as the mid-month crash in the Turkish Lira. 
Equity indices also produced losses as both long positions in the FTSE 100 Index and shorts in the S&P 500 
struggled. Currencies produced strong returns with the emerging currencies adding significant value in a 
challenging month and G10 positions benefiting from the long US Dollar positioning versus Swedish Krona, 
Australian Dollar and British Pound. 
From a model theme perspective, implied inflation and term structure factors struggled whereas economic 
activity and s lop e mo dels produced strong returns. 
September 2018 Review 
The Fund returned 25.87% in September and had a strong month driven by the fixed income portfolio. Risk 
appetite was relatively buoyant during the month characterised by rallies in US stock indices as President 
Trump's latest levies on Chinese goods were lower than anticipated. As expected, the Federal Reserve raised 
rates however, the tone was notably less dovish amidst stronger US growth and inflation prospects,. Meanwhile, 
the end of the month saw European markets shaken after Italy intensified its controversial fiscal plans. Trade 
uncertainty had a minimal effect on US stock indices but it underpinned some A s ian s tock indexweakness. 
The performance in the fixed income markets was driven by short positions in the Canadian 10Y bond and the 
US 2Y note. However, long exposures to French 10Y OATS and UK 10Y Gilts offset some of these gains. 
Additionally, the portfolio's variable exposure to the Italian 10Y BTPs and US 10Y bonds were also 
profitable. In equity futures, the FTSE 100 position detracted the most value as the market was driven largely by 
Brexit headlines. 
From a model perspective, the term-structure, volatility compensation and implied inflation factors performed 
strongly whereas the option market s entimentmodels posted los ses. 
10

--- Page 244 ---
Aspect Investment Programmes ICAV - Aspect Systematic Global Macro Trading Fund 
INVESTMENT MANAGER'S REPORT (unaudited) (continued) 
For the period from 3 May 2018 (date of incorporation) to 31 December 2018 
October 2018 Review 
The Fund returned 24.62% in October. As the global stock markets sold offtogether with growth-linked assets 
such as oil, the demand for safe haven assets increased. Volatility across financial markets increased during the 
month as investors grappled with concerns about the pace of rate hikes in the US and the late stage of economic 
expansion. Declines were extended following wreaker corporate earnings and economic data inflamed by 
geopolitical uncertainty such as Brexit, Italy's budget crisis and ongoing trade frictions. 
The Fund made strong gains during the month with fixed income positions adding most to 
performance. Positioning in the Italian 10Y BTP added most to profits with the Fund benefiting from the sharp 
selloff in the market at the beginning of the month and also capturing the reversal towards the end of the period. 
Long positions in the UK 10Y Gilt and the French 10Y OAT also produced gains. Currency positions were also 
profitable with long exposure to the US Dollar versus the Euro, Swedish Krona and Sterling being particularly 
well rewarded. The stock indices sector performance was slightly positive this month with losses from long 
Australian stock indexpos itions offset by gains from short positions in the S&P 500 and the FTSE 100. 
From a model perspective, mean reversion, implied inflation and term structure factors had particularly strong 
returns during the month. 
November 2018 Review 
The Fund returned 1.91% in November. The month began with US midterm election results coming in as 
expected, lifting a cloud of uncertainty. However, volatility followed heightened political anxiety in the UK and 
Italy, sharp stock market drops and ongoing fragility within commodities including one of the worst months in 
oil price history. This stoked appetite for safer government bonds. Investors also wrestled with mixed signals 
surrounding both the pace of US rate hikes and the potential for a US-China trade deal ahead of a high-stakes 
G20 summit. Rate hike fears eased slightly with the Federal Reserve softening its policy view by suggesting that 
rates were already nearing neutral. 
The Fund experienced reversals within stock indices with short positioning in the Hang Seng Index incurring 
most losses. In fixed income, the Fund's long positions across Italian, UK and US bond markets were particularly 
well rewarded, offsetting losses in Canadian and German bond markets. The currencies sector also produced 
positive returns with short exposure to the Euro and Norwegian Krone against the US Dollar adding most value. 
From a model perspective, volatility compensation factors added most to profits whereas trade competitiveness 
models struggled. 
December 2018 Review 
The Fund returned -8.23% in December. Initially, relief over the temporary US-China trade truce evaporated as 
anxieties about tightening monetary policies, slowing global growth and geopolitical uncertainty took hold. 
Stock market sell-offs were deep and broad, exacerbated by thin trading volumes over the holiday period, with 
major stock indices entering bear market territory. Notable events included an inversion of the US yield curve, 
the partial US government shutdown and the Federal Reserve's expected rate hike accompanied by unexpectedly 
hawkish forward guidance. Elsewhere, global oil prices continued to plummet, global credit spreads widened and 
investors rued we ak e conomic data from China and the unresolved nature ofBrexit. 
The Fund profited from stock index and currency positions, outweighing losses in fixed income. In stock indices, 
short positions within Asian stock index markets and the S&P 500 Index added most value, more than offsetting 
losses from long positions in FTSE 100 Index and Canadian TSE 60 Index. In currencies, long USD/CAD and 
short USD/JPY positions produced strong returns. Fixed income losses came primarily from short positioning in 
the US 2Y Note and Canadian 10Y Bond. However, long positioning in Italian 10Y BTP added significant 
profits to the Fund. 
From a model and theme perspective, the volatility compensation and mean-reversion themes add the most value 
whilst the implied inflation theme was the main underperformer. 
11

--- Page 245 ---
KPMG 
Audit 
1 Harbourmaster Place 
IFSC 
Dublin 1 
DO1 F6F5 
Ireland 
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF ASPECT 
INVESTMENT PROGRAMMES ICAV - ASPECT SYSTEMATIC GLOBAL MACRO 
TRADING FUND 
Report on the audit of the financial statements 
Opinion 
We have audited the financial statements of Aspect Investment Programmes ICAV - Aspect Systematic 
Global Macro Trading Fund (the "Fund") for the period from 3 May 2018 to 31 December 2018 set out 
on pages 16 to 38, which comprise the Statement of Financial Position, Statement of Comprehensive 
Income, Statement of Changes in Equity, Statement of Cash Flows, Schedule of Investments and 
related notes, including the summary of significant accounting policies set out in note 3. The financial 
reporting framework that has been applied in their preparation is Irish Law and International Financial 
Reporting Standards (IFRS) as adopted by the European Union. 
In our opinion, the accompanying financial statements: 
• give a true and fair view of the assets, liabilities and financial position of the Fund as at 31 
December 2018 and of its increase in profit and cash flow statement for the period 3 May 2018 to 31 
December 2018; 
• have been properly prepared in accordance with IFRS as adopted by the European Union; and 
• have been properly prepared in accordance with the requirements of the Irish Collective Asset-
management Vehicles Act 2015. 
Basis for opinion 
We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (Ireland) (ISAs 
(Ireland)) and applicable law. Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the 
Auditor's Responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements section of our report. We have fulfilled 
our ethical responsibilities under, and we remained independent of the Fund in accordance with ethical 
requirements that are relevant to our audit of financial statements in Ireland, including the Ethical 
Standard issued by the Irish Auditing and Accounting Supervisory Authority (IAASA), as applied to listed 
entities. 
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for 
our opinion. 
KPMG, an Irish partnership and a member f rm of the KPMG network 
of independent member f rms affil ated w th KPMG International 
Cooperative I KPMG International"), a Swiss entity

--- Page 246 ---
Key audit matters: our assessment of risks of material misstatement 
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in the 
audit of the financial statements and include the most significant assessed risks of material 
misstatement (whether or not due to fraud) identified by us, including those which had the greatest 
effect on: the overall audit strategy; the allocation of resources in the audit; and directing the efforts of 
the engagement team. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the financial 
statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion 
on these matters. 
In arriving at our audit opinion above, the key audit matter was as follows: 
Valuation of financial assets and liabilities at fair value through profit or loss (financial assets 
$651,920) (financial liabilities $472,495) 
Refer to pages 21-25 (accounting policy) and pages 26 to 39 (financial disclosures) 
The key audit matter 
How the matter was addressed in our audit 
The Company's investment portfolio is the 
key driver of capital and performance. 
Accordingly, we identified the following 
matter that was of most significance in the 
audit of the financial statements, the risk of: 
• 
Incorrect valuation of the financial 
assets and financial liabilities at fair 
value through profit or loss. 
Our audit procedures include agreeing 100% of the 
valuation of futures and money market funds to 
independent sources. Based on evidence obtained, we 
concluded that there were no material exceptions arising 
from our test work and the valuation of all investments 
held are within an acceptable range. 
Our application of materiality and an overview of the scope of our audit 
Materiality for the financial statements as a whole was set at $22,150, determined with reference to a 
benchmark of total assets (of which it represents 1%). 
We reported to the Board of Directors any corrected or uncorrected identified misstatements exceeding 
$1,107 in addition to other identified misstatements that warranted reporting on qualitative grounds. 
We have nothing to report on going concern 
We are required to report to you if we have concluded that the use of the going concern basis of 
accounting is inappropriate or there is an undisclosed material uncertainty that may cast significant 
doubt over the use of that basis for a period of at least twelve months from the date of approval of the 
financial statements. We have nothing to report in these respects.

--- Page 247 ---
Other information 
The directors are responsible for the other information presented in the Annual Report together with 
the financial statements. The other information comprises the information included in the Directors' 
Report and the Investment Manager's Report, Depositary's Report, Appendix 1 Unaudited Additional 
Information Not Forming Part of the Audited Financial Statements, Appendix 2 Unaudited Additional 
Information Not Forming Part of the Audited Financial Statements and Appendix 3 Unaudited 
Securities Financing Transactions. The financial statements and our auditor's report thereon do not 
comprise part of the other information. Our opinion on the financial statements does not cover the 
other information and, accordingly, we do not express an audit opinion or, except as explicitly stated 
below, any form of assurance conclusion thereon. 
Our responsibility is to read the other information and, in doing so, consider whether, based on our 
financial statements audit work, the information therein is materially misstated or inconsistent with the 
financial statements or our audit knowledge. Based solely on that work we have not identified material 
misstatements in the other information. 
Opinion on other matter prescribed by the Irish Collective Asset-management Vehicles Act 
2015 
In our opinion, the information given in the Directors' Report is consistent with the financial statements. 
Matters on which we are required to report by exception 
The Irish Collective Asset-management Vehicles Act 2015 requires us to report to you, if in our opinion, 
the disclosures of Directors' remuneration specified by law are not made. We have nothing to report in 
this regard. 
Respective responsibilities and restrictions on use 
Responsibilities of directors for the financial statements 
As explained more fully in the directors' responsibilities statement set on page 8, the directors are 
responsible for: the preparation of the financial statements including being satisfied that they give a true 
and fair view; such internal control as they determine is necessary to enable the preparation of financial 
statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error; assessing the Fund's 
ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern; and 
using the going concern basis of accounting unless they either intend to liquidate the Fund or to cease 
operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so. 
Auditor's responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements 
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole 
are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor's report 
that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee 
that an audit conducted in accordance with ISAs (Ireland) will always detect a material misstatement 
when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually 
or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users 
taken on the basis of these financial statements. 
A fuller description of our responsibilities is provided on IAASA's website at

--- Page 248 ---
https://www.iaasa.ie/getmedia/b2389013-1cf6-458b-968f-
a98202dc9c3a/Description of auditors responsiblities for audit.pdf. 
The purpose of our audit work and to whom we owe our responsibilities 
Our report is made solely to the shareholders of the Fund, as a body, in accordance with the Section 
120 of the Irish Collective Asset-management Vehicles Act 2015. Our audit work has been undertaken 
so that we might state to the Fund's shareholders those matters we are required to state to them in an 
auditor's report and for no other purpose. To the fullest extent permitted by law, we do not accept or 
assume responsibility to anyone other than the Fund and the Fund's shareholders, as a body, for our 
audit work, for this report, or for the opinions we have formed. 
Brian Clavin 
for and on behalf of 
KPMG 
Chartered Accountants, Statutory Audit Firm 
1 Harbourmaster Place 
IFSC 
Dublin 
26 March 2019

--- Page 249 ---
Aspect Investment Programmes ICAV - Aspect Systematic Global Macro Trading Fund 
STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION 
As at 31 December 2018 
Assets 
Notes 
2018 
US$ 
Cash and cash equivalents 
3 
1,424,807 
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss 
4,6,11 
651,920 
Other assets and prepaid expenses 
7 
65,207 
Total assets 
2,141,934 
Liabilities 
Financial liabilities at fair value throughprofit or loss 
4,6,11 
472,495 
Audit fee payable 
7 
23,180 
Other payables and accrued expenses 
3 
5,138 
Ongoing charges for certificates 
5,000 
Total liabilities 
505,813 
Equity 
Share capital 
1,636,121 
Total equity 
1,636,121 
Total liabilities and equity 
2,141,934 
Class A (USD) participating shares 
Shares outstanding 
9 
1,232,642 
NAVper share 
10 
1.3273 
Approved on behalf ofthe Board ofDirectors on 26 March 2019: 
Director 
Director 
The accompanying notes form an integral part of these financial statements. 
16

--- Page 250 ---
Aspect Investment Programmes ICAV - Aspect Systematic Global Macro Trading Fund 
STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
For the period from 3 May 2018 (date of incorporation) to 31 December 2018 
Investment income 
Notes 
2018 
US$ 
Interest income 
8,047 
Net gain on financial assets and liabilities at fair v alue 
throughprofit or loss 
5 
781,402 
Net inves tment income 
789,449 
Expenses 
Audit fee 
7 
23,180 
Legal fee 
8,187 
Directors' fee 
7,13 
21,344 
Brokerage fee 
10,244 
Ongoing charges for Certificates 
9,342 
Other expenses 
93,265 
Expense cap 
7 
(63,407) 
Total operating expenses 
102,155 
Profit before finance costs 
687,294 
Finance costs 
Interest expense 
1,175 
Total finance costs 
1,175 
Profit for the period 
686,119 
The accompanying notes form an integral part ofthese financial statements. 
17

--- Page 251 ---
Aspect Investment Programmes ICAV - Aspect Systematic Global Macro Trading Fund 
STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY 
For the period from 3 May 2018 (date of incorporation) to 31 December 2018 
At 3 May 2018 
Number of shares 
outstanding 
Share capital 
US$ 
Total 
Operating profit forthe period 
686,119 
686,119 
Issue of shares 
2,081,844 
2,199,993 
2,199,993 
Shares redeemed 
(849,202) 
(1,249,991) 
(1,249,991) 
At 31 December 2018 
1,232,642 
1,636,121 
1,636,121 
The accompanying notes form an integral part of these financial statements. 
18

--- Page 252 ---
Aspect Investment Programmes ICAV - Aspect Systematic Global Macro Trading Fund 
STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS 
For the period from 3 May 2018 (date of incorporation) to 31 December 2018 
2018 
US$ 
Cash flows from operating activities 
Operating Profit for the period 
686,119 
Adjustments for non-cash items 
Net realised loss oninvestments and derivative contracts 
(1,050,012) 
Net change in unrealised appreciation on investments and derivative 
contracts 
260,238 
(103,655)
Change in operating assets and liabilities 
Purchaseoffinancial assets and liabilities 
(8,420,368) 
Sale of financial assets and liabilities 
9,030,717 
Increase in other assets and prepaid expenses 
(65,207) 
Increase in fees and otherpayables 
33,318
Changes in operating assets andliabilities 
578,460 
Cash flows generated from operating activities 
474,805 
Financing activities 
Proceeds from is sue ofredeemable participating shares duringthe 
period* 
2,199,993 
Payments o n red emption ofredeemable participating shares during the 
period* 
(1,249,991)
Cash flows generated from financing activities 
950,002
Net increase in cash and cash equivalents for the period** 
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning ofthe period 
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the period 
Cash flows from operating activities include: 
Interest received 
Interest paid 
1,424,807 
1,424,807 
*subscriptions andredemptions in the financing activities section equal the subscriptions andredemptions 
displayedin the statement ofchange in net assets 
** includes both cash and cash equivalents, margin cash andbroker balances. 
8,047 
1,175 
The accompanying notes form an integral part of these financial statements. 
19

--- Page 253 ---
Aspect Investment Programmes ICAV - Aspect Systematic Global Macro Trading Fund 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the period from 3 May 2018 (date of incorporation) to 31 December 2018 
1. 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
The Aspect Investment Programmes ICAV (the "ICAV") has been established as an Irish collective 
asset-management vehicle with variable capital and segregated liability between sub-funds registered in 
Ireland on 3 May 2018 under the Irish Collective Asset-management Vehicle Act and authorised by the 
Central Bank as a qualifying investor alternative investment fund. The first and currently sole sub-fund 
of the ICAV is Aspect Systematic Glob al Macro Trading Fund (the "Fund"). 
The Fund has been admitted to the official list on the global exchange market ofthe Euronext Dublin. 
The Fund's registered office is located at 2 nd Floor, Block E, Iveagh Court, Harcourt Road, Dublin 2, 
Ireland. The Fund has had no employees since registration. 
The investment activities of the Fund are managed by Aspect Capital Limited (the "Investment 
Manager"), with the administration delegated to U.S. Bank Global Fund Services (Ireland) Limited (the 
"Administrator"). 
The Fund's investment objective is to generate returns whilst controlling overall levels of risk. The 
Fund will seek to achieve its investment objective by applying the Aspect Systematic Global Macro 
Programme (the "Programme.) 
The Programme is a proprietary system which has been developed and is maintained and implemented 
by the AIFM. The Programme applies a systematic, duration neutral and relative value approach, which 
deploys multiple investment strategies that seeks to identify quantifiable indicators that can 
systematically be used to capture profitable opportunities across a broad range of equity indices, fixed 
income securities and currencies. 
Generally, the Programme maintains positions in the majority of markets in which it invests. The 
emphasis is upon structuring a genuinely diversified set of market risk allocations that is designed to 
maximise the probability of returns wherever profit opportunities appear. Market exposures are 
monitored daily and the level of exposure in each market is quantifiable at all times and changes in 
accord ance with market volatility and liquidity. 
The Fund was registered on 3 May 2018 and the Fund commenced operations on 29 June 2018. 
2. 
BASIS OF PREPARATION 
The financial statements of the Fund have been prepared in accordance with International Financial 
Reporting Standards ("IFRS") as adopted by the EU and with the ICAVAct 2015. 
The financial statements are prepared on a historical cost basis, except for those on a fair value basis for 
financial derivative instruments and financial as sets and liabilities held for trading. 
Use ofestimates and judgements 
The preparation of financial statements in accordance with IFRS requires management to make 
estimates and judgements that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of 
contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of 
income and expenses during the period. Actual results could differ fromthose estimates. 
Information about judgements made inNapplying accounting policies that have the most significant 
effect on the amounts recognised in the financial statements are included in Note 6 Fah• Value 
Information. 
20

--- Page 254 ---
Aspect Investment Pro grammes ICAV - Aspect Systematic Global Macro Trading Fund 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 
For the period from 3 May 2018 (date of incorporation) to 31 December 2018 
3. 
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICING 
(a) 
Financial instruments 
(i) Financial instruments: Recognition and Measurement- (IFRS 9) 
In accordance with IFRS 9, the Fund classifies its financial assets and financial liabilities at initial 
recognition into the categories of fmanc ial assets and financial liabilities discussed overleaf. 
Financial assets 
Financial assets measured at amortised cost 
A financial asset is measured at amortised cost if it meets both of the following conditions and is not 
designated as at Fair Value through Profit or Loss ("FVPL"). 
• 
it is held within a business model whose objective is to hold assets to collect contractual cash flows; 
and 
• its contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal 
and interest on the principal amount outstanding. 
Business Model Assessment 
In making an assessment of the objective of the business model in which a financial asset is held, the 
Fund considers all of the relevant information about how the business is managed, including — the 
documented investment strategy and the execution of this strategy; - how the performance of the 
portfolio is evaluated and reported to the Fund's management - the risks that affect the performance of 
the business model (and the financial assets held within that business model) and how those risks are 
managed; - how the investment manager is compensated. The Fund has determined that it has two 
business models: 
A) 
Held-to-collect business model: this includes cash and cash equivalents, including balances due 
from brokers . These financial assets are held to collect contractual cash flows. 
B) 
Other business model: this includes money market funds and derivatives. These financial assets 
are managed and their performance is evaluated, on a fair value basis. 
Assessment whether contractual cash flows are SPPI 
For the purposes of this assessment, "principal" is defined as the fair value of the financial asset on 
initial recognition. "Interest" is defined as consideration for the time value of money and for the credit 
risk associated with the principal amount outstanding during a particular period of time and for other 
basic lending risks and costs (e.g. liquidity risk and administrative costs), as well as a profit margin. 
In assessing whether the contractual cash flows are SPPI, the Fund considers the contractual terms of 
the instrument. This includes assessing whether the financial asset contains a contractual term that 
could change the timing or amount of contractual cash flows such that it would not meet this condition. 
In making this assessment, the Fund considers: 
Contingent events that would change the amount or timing ofcash flows; 
Leverage features; 
Prepayment and extension fe atures; 
Terms that limit the Fund's claims to cashflows from s pecified assets (e.g. non-recourse 
features); and 
Features that modify consideration ofthe time value ofmoney (e.g. periodical reset o f interest 
rates). 
Reclassifications 
Financial assets are not reclassified subsequent to their initial recognition unless the Fund were to 
change its business model for managing financial assets, in which case all affected financial assets 
would be reclassified on the first day of the first reporting period following the change in the business 
model. 
The Fund includes in this category cash and cash equivalents and other assets. Included in cash and 
cash equivalents is cash on hand, margin cash and cash collateral posted on derivative contracts . 
21

--- Page 255 ---
Aspect Investment Programmes ICAV - Aspect Systematic Global Macro Trading Fund 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 
For the period from 3 May 2018 (date of incorporation) to 31 December 2018 
3. 
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued) 
(a) 
Financial instruments (continued) 
Business Model Assessment (continued) 
The Fund makes an assessment of the objective of the business model in which a financial asset is held 
at a portfolio level because this best reflects the way the business is managed and information is 
provided to management. The information considered includes: 
• the stated policies and objectives for the portfolio and the operation ofthose policies in practice; 
• howthe performance ofthe portfolio is evaluated and reported to the Fund's management; 
• the risks that affect the performance of the business model (and the financial assets held within that 
bus iness mo del) and how those ris ks are managed; 
• how managers of the business are compensated — e.g. whether compensation is based on the fair 
value ofthe assets managed or the contractual cash flows collected; and 
• the frequency, volume and timing of sales of financial assets in prior periods, the reasons for such 
sales and expectations about future sales activity. 
Financial assets that are held for sale include those that are held for trading or are managed and whose 
performance is evaluated on a fair value basis and are measured at FVPL. This category includes 
investment funds and futures. 
Financial liabilities 
Financial liabilities are measured at amortised cost or FVPL. 
Financial liabilities measured at FVPL 
A financial liability is classified as at FVPL if it is classified as held-for-trading, including derivatives 
and if it is designated as such on initial recognition. Financial liabilities at FVPL are measured at fair 
value and net gains and losses, including any interest expense, are recognised in profit or loss. The 
Fund includes in this category derivative contracts in a liability position since they are classified as held 
for trading. 
Financial liabilities measured at amortised cost 
Other financial liabilities are subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest 
method. Interest expense and foreign exchange gains and losses are recognised in profit or loss. Any 
gain or loss on derecognition is also recognised in profit or los s 
The Fund includes in this category balances due to brokers and other payables. 
(ii) Recognition 
The Fund recognises financial assets and financial liabilities on the date it becomes a party to the 
contractual provisions of the instruments. Investment transactions are recognised on a trade date basis 
and determined on a FIFO basis. Realised and unrealised gains and losses on securities transactions are 
reflected in the Statement of Comprehensive Income. 
(iii) Initial measurement 
Financial instruments are measured initially at fair value (transaction price) plus, in the case of a 
financial asset or financial liability not at fair value through profit or loss, transaction costs that are 
directly attributable to the acquisition or is sue of the financial as set or financial liability. 
Transaction costs on financial assets and financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss are 
expensed immediately on trade date, while on other financial instruments they are amortised. 
22

--- Page 256 ---
Aspect Investment Programmes ICAV - Aspect Systematic Global Macro Trading Fund 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 
For the period from 3 May 2018 (date of incorporation) to 31 December 2018 
3. 
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued) 
(b) 
Financial instruments (continued) 
(iv) Subsequent measurement 
Subsequent to initial recognition, all instruments classified at fair value through profit or loss, are 
measured at fair value with changes in fair value recognised through profit or loss in the Statement of 
Comprehensive Income. 
Financial liabilities, other than those at fair value through profit or loss, are carried at amortised cost 
using the effective interest rate. 
The fair value of financial instruments is based on their quoted market prices at the Statement of 
Financial Position date without any deduction for estimated selling costs. 
The policy set out in the Fund's valuation policy provides for investments to be valued by the 
Administrator based on prices provided by an independent market data vendor or pricing service that is 
internationally recognised and well established in the context of the relevant instruments. IFRS 13, Fair 
Value Measurement, defines fair value as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to 
transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date (i.e. an 
existing price). All prices used are considered most representative of fair value within the bid-ask 
spread. 
(vi) Impairment 
IFRS 9 requires the Company to record ECLs on all of its financial assets at amortised cost, being cash 
and cash equivalents and other assets on either a 12-month or lifetime basis. As the Fund holds 
receivables and cash it has exposure to credit risk. An ECL assessment was carried out, based on this 
ECL assessment, there is an immaterial exposure to default risk. 
Aspect Capital Limited (the "Investment Manager") is continuously monitoring the ECL of all 
counterparties related to financial assets at amortised costs across all funds through the appointment of a 
counterparty committee that meets regularly do discuss and monitor the current credit ratings of all 
counterparties associated with the funds. Aspect avoids entering into any loan agreements and all 
"receivables" due from brokers are kept to a maximum of 3 month periods giving Aspect comfort that 
the ECL risk is of minimum concern. 
(vii) Derecognition 
The Fund derecognises a financial asset when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the financial 
asset expire or it transfers the financial asset and the asset qualifies for derecognition. A financial 
liability is derecognised when the obligation specified in the contract is discharged, cancelled or 
expired. 
(c) 
Investment funds/unconsolidated structured entities 
The Fund has concluded that unlisted open-ended investment funds in which it invests, but that it does 
not consolidate, meet the definition of structured entities because: 
• 
The voting rights in the funds are not dominant rights in deciding who controls them because they 
relate to administrativetasks only; 
• 
Each fund's activities are restricted by its prospectus; and 
• 
The funds have narrow and well-defined objectives to provide investments opportunities to 
investors. 
Investments in open-ended investment funds schemes are typically valued utilising the net asset 
valuations provided by the managers of the underlying funds and/or their administrators. The Fund 
invests into daily dealing money market funds which have no liquidity concerns as at 31 December 
2018. 
23

--- Page 257 ---
Aspect Investment Pro grammes ICAV - Aspect Systematic Global Macro Trading Fund 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 
For the period from 3 May 2018 (date of incorporation) to 31 December 2018 
3. 
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued) 
(b) 
Investment funds/wzconsolidated structured entities (continued) 
Details of investments in open-ended investment funds are disclosed in Note 14 Unconsolidated 
Structured Entities. 
The investment objective of these money market funds is to maximise return in their• respective 
reference currencies consistent with capital preservation and a high degree of liquidity. Investments in 
these investment funds are included in Level 1 of the fair value hierarchy with fair value determined 
based on the NAVofthose investment funds. 
(c) 
Futures contracts 
A futures contract is an agreement between two parties to buy or sell a security, index or currency at a 
specific price or rate at a future date. Upon entering into a futures contract, the Fund is required to 
deposit with a broker an amount of cash or cash equivalents equal to a certain percentage of the contract 
amount. This is known as "initial cash margin". Subsequent payments ("variation margin") are made or 
received by the Fund each day, depending upon the daily fluctuation in the value of the contract. The 
daily changes in contract value are recorded as unrealised gains or losses and the Fund recognises a 
realised gain or loss when the contract is closed. Unrealised gains and losses on futures contracts are 
recognised through profit or loss in the Statement of Comprehensive Income. Accordingly, they have 
been categorised as Level 1 of the fair value hierarchy. 
(d) 
Foreign currencies 
The presentation and functional currency of the Fund is the US Dollar ("US$") as the Directors have 
determined that this reflects the Fund's primary economic environment. Transactions in foreign 
currencies are translated at the exchange rate ruling at the date ofthe transaction. 
Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies at the Statement of Financial Position 
date are translated to the reporting currency at the exchange rate ruling at that date. Foreign exchange 
differences arising on translation are recognised through profit or loss in in the Statement of 
Comprehensive Income. Non-monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies that are 
stated at fair value are translated to the reporting currency at the exchange rates ruling at the dates that 
the values are determined. Non-monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies that 
are stated at historical cost are translated at exchange rate ruling at the date oftransaction. 
The foreign exchange rates versus US$ used were as follows 
Currency 
US$ Rate 
AUD 
1.42045 
CAD 
1.36580 
EUR 
0.87478 
GBP 
0.78518 
JPY 
109.7150 
(e) 
Cash and cash equivalents 
Cash and cash equivalents includes cash in hand, deposits held at call with banks and the depositary, 
bank overdrafts and marg in balances. 
24

--- Page 258 ---
Aspect Investment Programmes ICAV - Aspect Systematic Global Macro Trading Fund 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 
For the period from 3May 2018 (date of incorporation) to 31 December 2018 
3. 
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued) 
(e) 
Cash and cash equivalents (continued) 
Cash balances held at bank and the depositary were as follows: 
31 December 2018 
US$ 
Barclays Plc 
37,687 
Credit Suisse Securities (Europe) Limited* 
734,260 
Morgan Stanley & Co. International Plc * 
652,860 
Total 
1,424,807
* Cash collateral received or pledgedinchtdedin the above amounts is shown in note 11 
Offsetting financial assets and liabilities 
Financial assets and liabilities are offset when a current legal right of offset exists and there is intent to 
realise the asset and settle the liability simultaneously or on a net basis . 
(g) 
Share capital 
The issuance, acquisition and cancellation of Fund shares are accounted for as equity transactions. 
Upon issuance of shares, the consideration received is included in equity. Transaction costs incurred by 
the Fund in issuing or acquiring its own equity instruments are accounted for as a deduction from equity 
to the extent that they are incremental costs directly attributable to the equity transaction that otherwise 
would have been avoided. 
No gain or loss is recognised in the Statement of Comprehensive Income on the purchase, sale, issuance 
or cancellation ofthe Master Fund's own equity instruments. 
(h) 
NAV per redeemable participating share 
The NAV per redeemable participating share disclosed on the face of the Statement of Financial 
Position is calculated by dividing net assets included in the Statement of Financial Position by the 
number ofredeemable participating shares outstanding at 31 December 2018. 
Interest 
Interest income and expense presented in the Statement of Comprehensive Income comprise of interest 
on financial assets and financial liabilities measured at amortised cost calculated on an effective interest 
basis. 
The effective interest rate is the rate that exactly discounts estimated future cash payments or receipts 
through the expected life ofthe financial instrument to: 
- the gross canying amount ofthe financial as set; or 
- the amortised cost ofthe financial liability. 
In calculating interest income and expense, the effective interest rate is applied to the gross carrying 
amount of the asset (when the asset is not credit - impaired) or to the amortised cost of the liability. 
However, for financial assets that have become credit-impaired subsequent to initial recognition, 
interest income is calculated by applying the effective interest rate to the amortised cost of the financial 
asset. If the asset is no longer credit-impaired, then the calculation of interest income reverts to the gross 
basis. 
Expenses 
All expenses are recognised in the Statement of ComprehensiveIncome on an accruals basis. 
(k) 
New standards and interpretations adopted 
All upcoming standards havebeen considered andnone are applicable. 
(k) 
Other assets and prepaid expenses 
Other assets and prepaid expenses include pre-paid set up fees, legal fees and the expense cap 
receivable for !lithe Investment Manager. 
25

--- Page 259 ---
Aspect Investment Programmes ICAV - Aspect Systematic Global Macro Trading Fund 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 
For the period from 3 May 2018 (date of incorporation) to 31 December 2018 
4. 
FINANCIAL ASSETS AND LIABILITIES 
The following table details the categories of financial assets and liabilities held by the Fund at the 
reporting date: 
Assets 
31 December2018 
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss 
US$ 
Money market funds 
439,662 
Unrealised gain on futures contracts 
212,258 
Total financial assets at fair value through profitor loss 
651,920 
Liabilities 
Financial liabilities at fair value through profitor loss 
Unrealised loss on futures contracts 
Total financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss 
(472,495) 
(472,495)
5. 
GAINS AND LOSSES FROM FINANCIAL ASSETS AND LIABILITIES AT FAIR VALUE 
THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS 
The following table details the gains and losses from financial assets and liabilities at fair value through 
profit or loss for the period: 
Gains and loss es from financial assets and liabilities 
31 December2018 
US$ 
Net gains/(losses) from financial assets and liabilities atfair 
value through profit or loss 
Realised gain on disposal of investments and other derivative 
contracts 
1,899,650 
Realised loss on disposal of investments and other derivative 
contracts 
(849,638) 
Net change in unrealised appreciation on investments and other 
derivative contracts 
212,258 
Net change in unrealised depreciation on investments and other 
derivative contracts 
(472,496) 
Net realised loss on foreign exchange 
(7,204) 
Net change in unrealised depreciation on foreign exchange 
(1,168) 
Total net gain from financial assets and liabilities at fair 
value through profit or loss 
781,402
6. 
FAIR VALUE INFORMATION 
The fair value of financial assets and liabilities traded in active markets (such as publicly traded 
derivatives and trading securities) are based on quoted market prices at the close of trading on the 
period-end date. IFRS 13, 'Fair Value Measurement' requires the Fund to price its financial assets and 
liabilities using the price in the bid-ask spread that is most representative of fair value for both financial 
assets and financial liabilities. An active market is a market in which transactions for the asset or 
liability take place with sufficient fioquency and volume to provide pricing information on an ongoing 
basis. The fair value of financial assets and liabilities that are not traded in an active market is 
determined by using various methods including alternative price sources sourced from a reputable 
broker/counterparty, validated and periodically reviewed by the Investment Manager, independently of 
the party that calculated them, using market standard models . 
26

--- Page 260 ---
Aspect Investment Programmes ICAV - Aspect Systematic Global Macro Trading Fund 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 
For the period from 3 May 2018 (date of incorporation) to 31 December 2018 
6. 
FAIR VALUE INFORMATION (continued) 
The hierarchy is broken down into three levels based onthe observability ofinputs as follows: 
Level 1: Inputs that are quoted market prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical instruments. 
Level 2: Inputs other than quoted prices included in Level 1 that are observable, either directly (i.e. as 
prices) or indirectly (i.e. derived from prices). This category includes instruments valued using: quoted 
prices in active markets for similar instruments; quoted prices for identical or similar instruments in 
markets that are considered less than active; or other valuation techniques for which all significant 
inputs are directly or indirectly observable frommarket data. 
Level 3: Inputs that are unobservable. This category includes all instruments for which the valuation 
technique includes inputs not based on observable data and the unobservable inputs have a significant 
effect on the instrument's valuation. This category includes instiuments that are valued based on quoted 
prices for similar instiuments for which significant unobservable adjustments or assumptions are 
required to reflect differences b etween the instruments. 
The level in the fair value hierarchy within which the fair value measurement is categorised in its 
entirety is determined on the basis of the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value 
measurement in its entirety. For this purpose, the significance of an input is assessed against the fair 
value measurement in its entirety. If a fair value measurement uses observable inputs that require 
significant adjustment based on unobservable inputs, that measurement is a Level 3 measurement. 
Assessing the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement in its entirety requires 
judgement, considering factors specific to the asset or liability. The determination of what constitutes 
`observable' requires significant judgement by the Fund. The Fund considers observable data to be that 
market data that is readily available, regularly distributed or updated, reliable and verifiable, not 
proprietary, and provided by independents ources that are actively involved in the relevant market. 
Set forth below are the Fund's financial instiuments at 31 December 2018 categorised based on the 
hierarchy set out in IFRS 13: 
Assets 
Level 1 
Total 
Fair value 
As % of 
Fair value 
As % of 
Investment type 
US$ 
net assets 
US$ 
net assets 
Investment finds: 
United States 
Money market fund 
439,662 
25.72% 
439,662 
25.72% 
Financial derivative 
instruments: 
Futures contracts 
212,258 
12.42% 
212,258 
12.42% 
Total 
651,920 
38.14% 
651,920 
38.14% 
Liabilities 
Level 1 
Total 
Fair value 
As % of 
Fair value 
As % of 
Investment type 
US$ 
net assets 
US$ 
net assets 
Financial derivative 
instruments: 
Futures contracts 
(472,495) 
(27.64%) 
(472,495) 
(27.64%) 
Total 
(472,495) 
(27.64%) 
(472,495) 
(27.64%) 
* Details ofnotionals for derivatives are disclosed in the Statement of Investments. 
27

--- Page 261 ---
Aspect Investment Programmes ICAV - Aspect Systematic Global Macro Trading Fund 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 
For the period from 3 May 2018 (date of incorporation) to 31 December 2018 
6. 
FAIR VALUE INFORMATION (continued) 
There have been no significant transfers between levels during the period and no Level 2 or Level 3 
investments were held during the period from3 May 2018 and 31 December 2018. 
Investments whose values are based on quoted market prices in active markets, and are therefore 
classified within Level 1, include money market funds, US government treasury bills and futures. The 
Fund does not adjust the quoted price for these instruments. 
Financial instruments that trade in markets that are not considered to be active but are valued based on 
quoted market prices, dealer quotations or alternative pricing sources supported by observable inputs 
are classified within Level 2. These include forward foreign exchange contracts at 31 December 2018. 
As Level 2 investments include positions that are not traded in active markets and/or are subject to 
transfer restrictions, valuations may be adjusted to reflect illiquidity and/or non-transferability, which 
are generally based on available market information. 
Investments classified within Level 3 have significant unobservable inputs, as they trade infrequently. 
There are no Level 2 or Level 3 positions at 31 December 2018. 
Cash and cash equivalents is classified as Level 2. All other assets and liabilities are carried at 
amortised cost and are classified as Level 2 within the fair value hierarchy. Their carrying values are a 
reasonable approximation o f fair value. 
The assets and liabilities are carried at amortised cost; their carrying values are a reasonable 
approximation of fair value. Cash and cash equivalents includes cash on hand, deposits held with banks, 
margin cash and b ro ker balances. 
7. 
FEES AND EXPENSFS 
a) Managementfee 
The Investment Manager is entitled to receive out of the assets of the Fund a nominal annual 
management fee of US$1. The management fee will accrue as at each Valuation Point and is payable 
monthly in arrears. 
Expense cap 
Expense cap will be applied in respect of the shares to ensure that the Fund's total annual operating 
expenses, excluding (i) the investment management and performance fees (ii) taxes, (iii) interest, (iv) 
extraordinary items and (v) trading and brokerage expenses or commissions, do not exceed, on an 
annual basis 0.30% of the Funds average annual Net Asset Value. Where the Expense cap is exceeded, 
the Investment Manager will be responsible for making up the shortfall ofsuch fees and expenses and it 
will not be the responsibility ofthe Fund to discharge same. 
The Management Fee and Administration fees of US$1 are at an ann's length transaction as they are 
paid at the indirect parent level, the Aspect UCITS Funds plc (through investment in the certificates). 
Management fee for the Aspect UCITS Funds plc payable as at 31 December 2018 amounted to 
US$63,197. During the period from 22 June 2018 (date of incorporation) to 31 December 2018, the 
management for the Aspect UCITS Funds plc fee expense totalled US$63,197. 
During the period ended 31 December 2018, the management fee expense totalled nil. 
b) Administration fee 
U.S. Bank Global Fund Services (Ireland) Limited (formerly Quintillion Limited) receives an annual 
nominal administration fee of US$1 per annum. The Administrator shall also be entitled to be 
reimbursed out of the assets of the Fund for all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by it on 
behalf of the Fund in the performance of its obligations. Such expenses, when incurred, are payable 
monthly in arrears. 
Administration fee payable as at 31 December 2018 amounted to nil. During the period from 3 May 
2018 (date of incorp oration) to 31 Decemb er 2018, the administrationfee totalled nil. 
28

--- Page 262 ---
Aspect Investment Programmes ICAV - Aspect Systematic Global Macro Trading Fund 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 
For the period from 3 May 2018 (date of incorporation) to 31 December 2018 
7. 
FEES AND EXPENSES (continued) 
c) Depositary fees 
The Depositary charges the Fund fees of (i) 0.023% per annum of the NAV of the Fund subject to a 
monthly minimum fee ofUS$2,875 (plus VAT if any). 
The Depositary minimum fee has been waived for the period from 3 May 2018 (date of incorporation) 
to 31 December2018. 
d) Audit fee 
Remuneration payable to the statutory auditor in respect of audit services to the Fund as at 31 December 
2018 amounted to US$23,180. During the period from 3 May 2018 (date of incorporation) to 31 
December2018, the audit fee totalled US$23,180. 
e) Directors'fee 
Directors ' fee payable as at 31 December 2018 amounted to nil. During the period from 3 May 2018 
(date o fincorp oration) to 31 December 2018, the directors' fee totalled US$21,344. 
J) Brokerage chargesfee and other operating expenses 
The Brokers receive brokerage charges, which are based upon a combination of transaction charges and 
borrowing fees. Additionally, the Investment Manager bears all other ongoing operating costs and 
expenses up to 30 basis points, the Fund bears any additional operating costs and expenses. 
8. 
TAXATION 
Under current law and practice the Fund qualifies as an investment undertaking as defned in Section 
739B of the Taxes Consolidation Act, 1997, as amended. On this basis, the Fund will not be liable to 
tax in respect of its income and gains, other than on the occurrence of a chargeable event. Generally a 
chargeable event arises on any distribution, redemption, repurchase, cancellation; transfer of shares or 
on the ending of a "Relevant Period". A "Relevant Period" being an eight year period beginning with 
the acquisition of the shares by the shareholder and each subsequent period of eight years beginning 
immediately after the preceding Relevant Period. 
A gain on a chargeable event does not aris e in respect of: 
any transactions in relation to shares held in a recognised clearing system as designated by 
order ofthe Revenue Commissioners o f Ireland; 
(ii) 
the exchange by a shareholder of shares in the undertaking for other shares in the investment 
undertaking; 
an exchange ofshares arising on a qualifying amalgamation or reconstruction of the Fund with 
another fund; 
(iv) 
certain exchanges o f s hares between spouses and former spouses; 
(v) 
an exchange by a shareholder, effected by way of an arm's length bargain where no payment is 
made to the shareholder of share in the Fund for other shares in the Fund; 
(vi) 
shareholders who are neither Irish Resident nor Irish Ordinary Resident for tax purpos es at the 
time of the chargeable event and who have provided the Fund with a relevant declaration to 
that effect; and 
(vii) 
certain exempted Irish tax resident shareholders who have provided the Fund with the 
necessary signed statutory declarations. 
29

--- Page 263 ---
Aspect Investment Programmes ICAV - Aspect Systematic Global Macro Trading Fund 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 
For the period from 3 May 2018 (date of incorporation) to 31 December 2018 
9. 
SHARE TRANSACTIONS 
The authorised share capital of the ICAV is 2 Subscriber Shares of €1 each and 1,000,000,000,000 
shares of no par value initially designated as unclassified participating shares. The minimum issued 
share capital of the Fund is €2 or its equivalent in another currency. The maximum issued share capital 
of the ICAV is 1,000,000,000,000 shares ofno par value and 2 Subscriber Shares of€1 each. 
There are no restrictions on redemptions as the Fund is an open ended investment scheme. The shares 
may be redeemed daily at the NAV per share of the respective class. Redemption cut off is two business 
days prior to the relevant redemption Dealing Date. 
Transactions by class for the period from 3 May 2018 (date of incorporation) to 31 December 2018 
were as follows: 
No of 
Class A shares 
Shares balance at beginning of the period 
Issue of shares 
2,081,844 
Redemption of shares 
(849,202) 
Share balance at end of the period 
1,232,642 
Dividends 
The Directors may at their discretion declare dividends from time to time in respect of the shares. It is 
not the current intention to pay dividends and no dividends have been declared during the period from 3 
May 2018 (date of incorporation) to 31 December 2018. 
10. 
NET ASSET VALUES 
Under IFRS costs of establishment are charged immediately to income after the start/inception of a 
Fund. Total estimated costs of establishment amounted to US$80,500 of which US$73,058 remained 
unamortised at the year end. In accordance with the Prospectus, for dealing purposes, costs of 
establishment are amortised on a straight line basis over a period ofup to 5 years. 
31 December 2018 
NAV 
NAV per share 
Class A (USD) 
US$ 
US$ 
NAV for dealing purposes 
1,709,179 
1.3866 
Unamortised set up costs of the Master Fund 
(73,058) 
(0.0593) 
NAV per financial s tatem ents 
1,636,121 
1.3273 
30

--- Page 264 ---
Aspect Investment Programmes ICAV - Aspect Systematic Global Macro Trading Fund 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 
For the period from 3 May 2018 (date of incorporation) to 31 December 2018 
11. 
FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS AND ASSOCIATED RISKS 
The Fund's investing activities expose it to various types of risk that are associated with the financial 
investments and markets in which it invests. 
Asset allocation is determined by the Fund's Investment Manager, Aspect Capital Limited, who 
manages distribution of assets to achieve the investment objective. Divergence from target asset 
allocation and the comp osition o f the portfolio is closely monitored by the Fund's Investment Manager. 
The Investment Manager employs a Value at Risk ("VaR") methodology and other risk management 
procedures to monitor the Fund's risk within pre-defined guidelines. If risk exceeds the maximum 
prescribed level, risk reducing trades will be entered into. These trades will be unwound at such time 
that the Fund's risk is below the maximum prescribed level under normal gearing. Additionally, the 
Investment Manager has developed mechanisms designed to ensure that risk is controlled effectively at 
both the individual market and portfolio level. 
In controlling the risks to the Fund, the Investment Manager may intervene in the risk management 
framework in extreme market situations where the Investment Manager believes at the relevant time 
that such intervention is in the best interests ofthe Fund. 
Market risk 
Market risk is the risk that changes in interest rate, foreign exchange rates and market prices will affect 
positions held by the Fund. The Fund is exposed to market risk on financial instruments. 
Otherprice risk 
Other price risk is the risk that the value of an instrument will fluctuate as a result of changes in market 
prices (other than those arising from changes in interest rates, foreign exchange rates or equity and 
commodity prices), whether caused by factors specific to an individual investment, its issuer or all 
factors affecting all instruments traded in the market. As the majority of the Fund's financial 
instruments are carried at fair value with fair value changes recognised in the Statement of 
Comprehensive Income, all changes in market conditions will directly affect net investment income. 
Other price risk is managed by the Fund's Investment Manager by investing primarily in liquid 
instruments with frequent pricing. The following table details the breakdown of investment assets and 
liabilities held by the Fund. 
31 December 2018 
Assets 
% of net assets 
Investment assets 
Money market fund 
25.72% 
Unrealised gain on futures contracts 
12.42% 
Total investment assets 
38.14% 
Liabilities 
Investment liabilities 
Unrealised loss on future contracts 
Total investment liabilities 
(27.64%) 
(27.64%)
* Details of notionals for derivatives are dis closed in the Statement of Investments. 
31

--- Page 265 ---
Aspect Investment Pro grammes ICAV - Aspect Systematic Global Macro Trading Fund 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 
For the period from 3May 2018 (date of incorporation) to 31 December 2018 
11. 
FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS AND ASSOCIATED RISKS (continued) 
Market risk (continued) 
Currencyrisk 
The Fund is exposed to the currency risk of the Aspect Systematic Global Macro Programme (the 
"Programme"). The Programme has a base currency of US Dollars, though the Programme includes 
constituents that are denominated in currencies other than US Dollar. Consequently, the Programme is 
exposed to risks that the exchange rate of US Dollar relative to other currencies may change in a 
manner which may have a favourable or unfavourable effect on their value. 
The Fund's overall net exposure to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates at the reporting date 
was as follows: 
31 December2018 
31 December2018 
US$ 
% of Net Assets 
Australian Dollar 
(36,394) 
(2.13%) 
Canadian Dollar 
(29,575) 
(1.73%) 
Euro 
168,066 
9.83% 
Japanese Yen 
(2,525) 
(0.15%) 
Pound Sterling 
(22,330) 
(1.31%) 
Total 
77,242 
(4.51%) 
The currency risk table excludes class-hedging forwards. In addition, the amounts in the above table are 
based on the carrying value of monetary assets and liabilities and the underlying principle amounts of 
the forwards foreign exchange contracts. 
Credit risk 
Financial assets 
The Fund's financial assets subject to the expected credit loss model within IFRS9 are other 
receivables, amounts due from brokers, cash and cash equivalents. At 31 December 2018 all other 
receivables, amounts due from brokers, cash and cash equivalents are held with counterparties with a 
credit rating of BBB or higher and are due to be settled within 1 week. Management consider the 
probability of default to be close to zero as the countemarties have a strong capacity to meet their 
contractual obligations in the near term. As a result, no loss allowance has been recognised based on 12-
month expected credit losses as any such impairment would be wholly insignificantto the Fund. 
The Fund holds a large proportion of its assets in cash. All securities transactions are cleared through 
and held in custody by the depositary. The Fund is subject to credit risk to the extent that this institution 
may be unable to fulfil its obligations either to return the Fund's securities or repay amounts owed. For 
these financial instruments, the maximum credit risk amount at 31 December 2018 is represented by the 
amount at which they are included in the Statement of Financial Position. In the event of insolvency or 
bankruptcy of the depositary or broker, the Fund will be treated as a general creditor in relation to cash 
held with the relevant depositary or broker. 
At 31 December 2018 all trading instruments are market quoted and readily traded financial 
instruments. At the reporting date, the Fund's financial assets exposed to credit risk amounted to the 
following: 
31 December2018 
US$ 
Money market fund 
439,662 
Futures contracts 
212,258 
Cash and cash equivalents 
1,424,807 
Other assets and prepaid expenses 
65,207 
Total 
2,141,934 
32

--- Page 266 ---
Aspect Investment Programmes ICAV - Aspect Systematic Global Macro Trading Fund 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 
For the period from 3 May 2018 (date of incorporation) to 31 December 2018 
11. 
FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS AND AS S OCIA1 ID RISKS (continued) 
Credit risk (continued) 
The table below shows the S&P's long term cre dit rating ofthe brokers: 
Credit rating 
Broker/custodian 
2018 
Barclays Plc 
BBB 
Credit Suisse International 
A 
Morgan Stanley & Co. International Plc 
A+ 
*Refer to note 3 for the US$ balance for each broker. 
The table below shows theMoody's long term credit rating ofthe money market fund: 
Credit rating 
Money market funds 
2018 
Goldman Sachs US$ Treasury Liquid Reserves Fund-
Institutional Share Class 
Aaa 
JP Morgan US Dollar Treasury Liquidity Fund--
Institutional Share Class 
Aaa 
Blackrock Institutional US Treasury Fund 
Aaa 
Offsetting financial assets andfinancial liabilities 
The Fund enters into master netting agreements whenever possible. Master netting agreements provide 
for the net settlement o f contracts with the same counter-party in the event of default. 
The credit risk associated with derivative financial assets subject to a master netting arrangement is 
eliminated only to the extent that financial liabilities due to the same counterparty will be settled after 
the assets are realised. 
The assets and liabilities have not b een o ffs et onthe Statement ofFinancial Po s ition. 
The Fund has the following transactions and balances related to its derivative activities. These 
transactions are subject to master netting agreements and related rights and obligations to exchange 
financial co llateral that does not qualify for offsetting. 
Assets 
As at31 December 2018 
Gross amounts not offset in the Statement of 
Financial Position 
Counterparty 
Derivative contracts 
Futures 
Credit Suisse 
Securities (Europe) 
Limited 
Morgan Stanley & 
Co. International Plc 
Total 
Gross amounts 
Net amounts of 
Gross 
offset in the 
assets presented 
amounts of 
Statement of 
in the Statement 
recognised 
Financial 
of Financial 
Financial 
Cash collateral 
Net 
assets 
Position 
Position 
instruments 
received/pledged* 
amount 
US$ 
US$ 
US$ 
US$ 
US$ 
US$ 
1,732 
1,732 
(1,732) 
210,526 
210,526 
(75,808) 
134,718 
212,258 
212,258 
(77,540) 
134,718 
33

--- Page 267 ---
Aspect Investment Programmes ICAV - Aspect Systematic Global Macro Trading Fund 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 
For the period from 3 May 2018 (date of incorporation) to 31 December 2018 
11. 
FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS AND ASSOCIATED RISKS (continued) 
Credit risk (continued) 
Offietting financial assets and financialliabilities (continued) 
Liabilities 
As at31 December 2018 
Gross amounts not offset in the Statement of 
Financial Position 
Counterparty 
Derivative contracts 
Futures 
Credit Suisse 
Securities (Europe) 
Limited 
Morgan Stanley & 
Co. International Plc 
Total 
Gross amounts 
Net amounts of 
Gross 
offset in the 
assets presented 
amounts of 
Statement of 
in the Statement 
recognised 
Financial 
of Financial 
Financial 
Cash collateral 
Net 
assets 
Position 
Position 
instruments 
received/pledged* 
amount 
US$ 
US$ 
US$ 
US$ 
US$ 
US$ 
(396,688) 
(396,688) 
1,732 
394,956 
(75,808) 
(75,808) 
75,808 
(472,496) 
(472,496) 
77,540 
394,956 
* Cash collateral receive d/pledged relates to collateral in relation to futures and forwards trading. 
Liquidity risk 
Liquidity risk is the risk that the Fund will encounter difficulty in being able to liquidate its assets 
promptly and to meet the obligations associated with its financial liabilities that are settled by delivering 
cash or another financial asset. This extends to both financial derivative instruments and non-financial 
derivative instmment liabilities. The Fund's policy and the Investment Manager's approach to 
managing liquidity is to ensure, as far as possible, that the Fund will always have sufficient liquidity to 
meet its liabilities as and when due, under both normal and stressed conditions, without incurring 
unacceptable losses or risking damage to the Fund's reputation. 
The Fund Supplement provides for daily creation and cancellation of shares and it is therefore exposed 
to the liquidity risk ofmeeting shareholder redemptions at each redemptio n date. 
The Fund may make investments in instruments that are volatile and may become illiquid. Accordingly 
it may be impossible (in the event of trading halts or daily price fluctuation limits on the markets traded 
or otherwise) or expensive for the Fund to liquidate positions against whichthe market is moving. 
Alternatively, it may not be possible, in certain circumstances, for a position to be initiated or liquidated 
promptly (in the event of ins ufficient trading activity in the relevant market or otherwise). 
Those risks may be accentuated where the Fund is required to liquidate positions to meet margin 
requests, margin calls or other funding requirements. 
The counterparty to OTC financial derivative instruments is required to close out of financial derivative 
instrument positions at fair value at the Fund's request. This exposes the Fund to the risk that 
counterparty will not settle a transaction in accordance with its terms and conditions because of a 
dispute over the terns of the contract (whether or not bona fide) or because of a credit or liquidity 
problem, thus causing the relevant Fund to suffer a loss. 
The table below analyses the Fund's other financial liabilities into relevant maturity groupings based on 
the remaining period from the Statement of Financial Position date to the contractual maturity date. 
31 December 2018 
Liabilities 
Futures contracts 
Other payables and accrued expenses 
Total liabilities 
Less than 
1 to 12 
More than I 
No 
Total 
1 month 
months 
year 
maturity 
US$ 
US$ 
US$ 
US$ 
US$ 
(4 7 2,4 9 5) 
(4 72,4 9 5) 
(3 3,3 1 8) 
(3 3,3 1 8) 
(505,813) 
(33,318) 
(472,495) 
34

--- Page 268 ---
Aspect Investment Programmes ICAV - Aspect Systematic Global Macro Trading Fund 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 
For the period from 3 May 2018 (date of incorporation) to 31 December 2018 
11. 
FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS AND ASSOCIATED RISKS (continued) 
Liquidity risk (continued) 
The Fund may make leveraged investments in markets that are volatile and may become illiquid. 
Accordingly it may be impossible (in the event of trading halts or daily price fluctuation limits on the 
markets traded or otherwise) or expensive for the Fund to liquidate positions against which the market 
is moving. Alternatively, it may not be possible in certain circumstances, for a position to be initiated or 
liquidated promptly (in the event of insufficient trading activity in the relevant market or otherwis e). 
Those risks may be accentuated where the Fund is required to liquidate positions to meet margin 
requests, margin calls or other funding requirements. Whilst the Fund is subject to a contractual 
obligation on its redeemable shares within the one month time bucket, actual daily redemptions could 
differ significantly due to difficulties in being able to accurately predict the redemption patterns and 
behaviours ofthe shareholders. 
Value at risk 
A fundamental principle of the investment approach is the importance of a robust risk management 
framework. The market risk of the Fund's financial asset and liability positions is monitored by the 
Investment Manager using value at risk ("VaR") analysis. VaR analysis reflects the interdependencies 
between ris k variab les, unlike a traditional sensitivity analysis. 
VaR represents the potential losses from adverse changes in market factors for a specified time period 
and confidence level. Therefore, there is a specified statistical probability that actual loss could be 
greater than the VaR estimate. 
Method 
The Investment Manager uses a proprietary VaR model. This is a parametric variance-covariance VaR 
model using multivariate normal distribution assumptions. 
Inputs 
The model is an asset by asset model: it uses each individual underlying instrument as a factor in the 
model. The model is updated daily and uses daily, exponentially weighted observations of market 
returns. This gives higher weight to more recent moves whilst allowing the full history of observations 
to be included. Close of business positions held in each market are used to calculate the VaR. 
Parameters and assumptions 
Variances are calculated using daily returns, weighted using an 11.2 day exponential half-life. 
Covariances are calculated using 5-day blocks of daily returns and a corresponding exponential half-life 
of 56 days. Five day returns are used in order to improve the calculation of covariances for markets that 
do not trade in the same time zone. 
By considering the correlations and volatilities between markets, the Investment Manager is able to 
estimate the magnitude of an extreme adverse return. This number, expressed as a percentage of Fund 
capital, is what the Investment Manager refers to as VaR. 
The Investment Manager calculates VaR at a 95% confidence level, using a 1 day holding period 
assumption. 
Market returns are assumed to be normally distributed and the positions held in each market are 
as sumed to be approximately unchanged over the 1 day holding period. 
VaR is periodically back-tested to ensure that realised portfolio returns exceed the VaR estimate with 
approximately the expected frequency (with a 95% level of confidence one would expect VaR to be 
exceeded 5% of time). In addition, stress tests are also carried out as described below. The VaR of the 
Fund's financial instruments as at 31 December 2018, measured as the potential 1 day loss in value 
from changes in equity and commodity prices, interest rates and foreign currency rates, with a 95% 
confidence level was 6.95%. 
During the period ended 31 December 2018, the average daily VaR of the Fund's financial assets and 
liabilities was 6.57% with a minimum of 4.28% and a maximum of 10.40%. 
35

--- Page 269 ---
Aspect Investment Programmes ICAV - Aspect Systematic Global Macro Trading Fund 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEN/IP:NTS (continued) 
For the period from 3 May 2018 (date of incorporation) to 31 December 2018 
11. 
FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS AND AS S OCIA1ED RISKS (continued) 
Value at risk (continued) 
Stress testing 
As well as VaR modelling, the Investment Manager also measures risk using a range of stress tests 
including the historical simulation approach — i.e. assessing what impact historical changes in price 
would have on current positions. This assesses extreme exposure to market shocks similar to past 
events. 
Leverage risk 
A Fund may use borrowings/leverage for the purpose of making investments and/or meeting 
redemptions. The use of borrowing/leverage may significantly increase the Fund's investment risk. 
Borrowing/leverage creates an opportunity for greater yield and total return but, at the same time, will 
increase that Sub-Fund's exposure to capital loss and interest costs. Any investment income and gains 
earned on investments made through the use of borrowings/leverage that are in excess of the interest 
costs associated therewith may cause the NAV of the Shares to increase more rapidly than would 
otherwise be the case. Conversely, where the associated interest costs are greater than such income and 
gains, the NAV of the Shares may decrease more rapidly than would otherwise be the case. Leverage 
may be obtained through the use of derivatives and other non-fully funded instruments. 
12. 
RELATED AND CONNEC1ED PERSONS DISCLOSURES 
The Alf Rulebook requires that any transaction carried out with the Fund by the management 
company, general partner, depositary, AIFM, investment manager or delegates or group companies of 
these are carried out as ifnegotiated at arm's length and are in the best interests ofthe shareholders. 
The Board of Directors of the Fund is satisfied that there are arrangements, evidenced by written 
procedures, in place to ensure that this requirement is applied to all transactions with connected persons, 
and that all trans actions with connected person during the period complied with the requirement. 
Anna Hull, who was a Director of the Fund, is also an employee of the Investment Manager. 
Transactions with the Investment Manager are disclosed in note 7. Directors' fees are disclosed in the 
Statement of Comprehensive Income. Director's fee payable for the period from 3 May 2018 (date of 
incorp o ration) to 31 December 2018 amounted to US $ nil. 
John Skelly and Teddy Otto, Directors of the Fund, are also employees of Carne Global Financial 
Services Limited which provides company secretarial services to the Fund. In addition to acting as 
Company Secretary, Came Global Financial Services Limited also provides directors support services 
and a Money-Laundering Reporting Officer. Total fees paid to Came Global Financial Services Limited 
for the period from 3 May 2018 (date of incorporation) to 31 December 2018 amounted to 
US$4,227.04. 
Expense cap 
Expense cap will be applied in respect of the shares to ensure that the Fund's total annual operating 
expenses, excluding (i) the investment management and performance fees (ii) taxes, (iii) interest, (iv) 
extraordinary items and (v) trading and brokerage expenses or commissions, do not exceed, on an 
annual basis 0.30% of the Funds average annual Net Asset Value. Where the Expense cap is exceeded, 
the Investment Manager will be responsible for making up the shortfall ofsuch fees and expenses and it 
will not be the responsibility ofthe Fundto discharge same. 
Certificates 
All shares in the Fund are held equally between two companies, Mosel Capital Limited and Saar Capital 
Limited. Each company has issued certificates which are held by Aspect UCITS Funds plc (Aspect 
Systematic Global Macro Fund), a company that is managed by the Investment Manager. Aspect 
UCITS Funds plc is the indirect parent to Aspect Systematic Global Macro Trading Fund. The 
Company bears all related charges and costs associated with the certificates and structure. 
36

--- Page 270 ---
Aspect Investment Programmes ICAV - Aspect Systematic Global Macro Trading Fund 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 
For the period from 3May 2018 (date of incorporation) to 31 December 2018 
12. 
RELAIED AND CONNECTED PERSONS DISCLOSURES (continued) 
Certificates (continued) 
The Management Fee and Administration fees of US$1 are at an arm's length transaction as they are 
paid at the indirect parent level, the Aspect UCITS Funds plc (through investment in the certificates). 
Management fee for the Aspect UCITS Funds plc payable as at 31 December 2018 amounted to 
US$63,197. During the period from 22 June 2018 (date of incorporation) to 31 December 2018, the 
management for the Aspect UCITS Funds plc fee expense totalled US$63,197. 
There are no other related party transactions to be disclosed. 
13. 
DIRECTORS' INTERESTS 
None of the Directors have any interest in the shares of the Fund or the Fund or in any contract of 
significance with the Fund or the Fund. 
Directors fees prepaid as at 31 December 2018 amounted to US$nil. During the period ended 31 
December 2018, the directors' fee totalled US$21,344. 
14. 
UNCONSOLIDATED STRUCTURED ENTITIES 
The table below describes the types of structured entities that the Fund does not consolidate but in 
which it holds an interest. 
Type of structured entity 
Money market funds 
Nature and purpose 
To achieve a return in the reference currency 
in line with prevailing money market rates 
whilst aiming to preserve capital consistent 
with such rates and to maintain a high degree 
of liquidity. 
Inte restheld by the Fund 
Investment in shares 
issued by the funds. 
These vehicles are financedthrough the issue 
of shares to investors. 
The table below sets out interests held by the Fund in unconsolidated structured entities. 
31 December 2018 
Total NAV of 
underlying fund 
Investment in 
underlying fund at 
fair value 
US$ 
US$ 
Money market fund 
Goldman Sachs US$ Treasury Liquid Reserves Fund 
- Institutional Share Class 
35,843,000,000 
89,253 
JPMorgan US Dollar Treasury Liquidity Fund 
- Institutional Share Class 
34,740,400,000 
68,970 
Blackrock Institutional US Treasury Fund 
11,700,000,000 
281,439 
Total 
439,662 
The Fund maximum exposure to the loss from its investment in the underlying funds is equal to the total 
fair value o fits investment in the underlying fund. 
During the period, the Fund did not provide financial support to unconsolidated stmctured entities and 
has no intent io n ofprovid ing financial or other support. 
37

--- Page 271 ---
Aspect Investment Programmes ICAV - Aspect Systematic Global Macro Trading Fund 
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 
For the period from 3 May 2018 (date of incorporation) to 31 December 2018 
15. 
EFFICIENT PORTFOLIO MANAGEMENT 
The Fund does not engage in efficient portfolio management as defined by ESMA 's guidelines. 
16. 
SOFT COMMISSION ARRANGEMENTS 
There were no soft commission arrangements in operation duringthe period under review. 
17. 
DISTRIBUTION POLICY 
The Directors may in their absolute discretion declare dividends from time to time in respect of the 
shares. It is not the current intention ofthe Directors to declare a dividend. 
18. 
CONTINGENT LIABILITIES 
As at 31 December 2018, the Fund did not have any significant commitments or contingent liabilities . 
19. 
SIGNIFICANT EVENTS DURING THE PERIOD 
On the 28 September 2018 Anna Hull has resigned as a Director and was replaced by Jonathan 
Greenwold. 
Quintillion Limited changed its name to U.S. Bank Global Fund Services (Ireland) Limited effective 10 
July 2018. 
20. 
SUBSEQUENT EVENTS 
There ale no events subsequent to 31 December 2018 which, in the opinion of the Directors of the 
Company, may have had an impact on the financial statements forthe year ended 31 December 2018. 
Since the year ended 31 December 2018 and up to the date of approval of these financial statements 
there have been US$20,899,929.70 subscriptions and US$360,002.46 redemptions. 
21. 
APPROVAL OF FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
The financial statements for the period from 3 May 2018 (date of incorporation) to 31 December 2018 
were approved by the Directors on 26 March 2019. 
38

--- Page 272 ---
Aspect Investment Programmes ICAV - Aspect Systematic Global Macro Trading Fund 
SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
As at 31 December 2018 
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss 
Investment funds— Money market funds 
Quantity 
(units) 
Notional 
value 
US$ 
Fair 
value 
US$ 
% of net 
assets 
Blackrock Institutional US Treasury Fund 
281,439 
281,439 
16.47% 
Goldman Sachs US Dollar Treasury Liquid Reserves 
Fund — Institutional Share Class 
89,253 
89,253 
5.22% 
JP Morgan US Dollar Treasury Liquidity Fund —
Institutional Share Class 
68,970 
68,970 
4.04% 
Total investment funds 
439,662 
25.73% 
Unrealised gain on futures contracts 
Australia 
Australia 3 Year Bond Future March 2019 
44 
3,475,893 
8,805 
0.52% 
8,805 
0.52% 
Germany 
Euro-BTP Future March 2019 
49 
7,159,441 
159,549 
9.33% 
Euro-SCHATZ Future March 2019 
350 
44,787,474 
20,788 
1.22% 
180,337 
10.55% 
Great Britain 
Long Gilt Future March 2019 
164 
25,726,567 
21,384 
1.25% 
21,384 
1.25% 
Japan 
Japan 10 Year Bond (OSE) March 2019 
5 
6,948,913 
1,732 
0.10% 
1,732 
0.10% 
Total unrealised gain on futures contracts 
212,258 
12.42% 
Total financial assets at fair value through profitor loss 
651,920 
38.14% 
Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss 
Unrealised loss on futures contracts 
Australia 
Australia 10 Year SFE March 2019 
(121) 
(11,301,785) 
(51,824) 
(3.03%) 
(51,824) 
(3.03%) 
Canada 
Canada 10 Year Bond Future March 2019 
(80) 
(8,011,129) 
(74,938) 
(4.38%) 
(74,938) 
(4.38%) 
Germany 
Euro-OAT Future March 2019 
1 
172,387 
(251) 
(0.01%) 
Euro-BUND Future March 2019 
(101) 
(18,882,026) 
(23,732) 
(1.39%) 
(23,983) 
(1.40%) 
United States 
US 10 Year Note (CBT) March 2019 
(12) 
(1,464,188) 
(8,750) 
(0.51%) 
US 2 Year Note (CBT) March 2019 
(339) 
(71,973,938) 
(313,000) 
(18.31%) 
(321,750) 
(18.82%) 
Total unrealised loss on futures contracts 
(472,495) 
(27.64%) 
Total financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss 
(472,495) 
(27.64%) 
39

--- Page 273 ---
Aspect Investment Programmes ICAV - Aspect Systematic Global Macro Trading Fund 
APPENDIX 1 — UNAUDITED ADDITIONAL INFORMATION NOT FORMING PART OF THE 
AUDI1ED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
Material changes in the information listed in Article 23 of Directive 2011/61/EU (the "Alternative 
Investment Fund Managers Directive" or "AIFMD") during the period from 3 May (date of incorporation) 
to 31 December 2018, clis closed purs uant to Article 22(2)(d) of AIFMD 
There have been no material changes in the information required to be made available to investors in accordance 
with Article 23 of AIFMD (as implemented in the United Kingdom) during the period from 3 May 2018 (date of 
incorporation) to 31 December 2018. 
The information required to be disclosed on a periodic or regular basis in accordance with Articles 23(4) and (5) 
of AIFMD (in each case as implemented in the United Kingdom) is available at the following website: 
www.aspecteapital.comireg/A1FMD.
Remuneration disclosures purs uant to Articles 22(2)(e) and (I) of AIFMD 
All staff of the Investment Manager were involved in the activities of the Feeder during the period from 3 May 
2018 (date of incorporation) to 31 December 2018. The Investment Manager has attributed (using an objective 
apportionment methodology) a proportion of the total amount of remuneration paid (or to be paid) by the 
Investment Manager to its staff for the period from 3 May 2018 (date of incorporation) to 31 December 2018 to 
the Fund, as follows: 
2018 
US$ 
Fixed remuneration 
4,670.50 
Variable remuneration 
4.391.35 
Total remuneration 
9.061.84 
The average monthly number of beneficiaries who received fixed remuneration during the 
period was: 
126 
The number of beneficiaries who received variable remuneration during the period was: 
130 
No carried interest was pail by the Investment Manager during the period from 3 May 2018 (date of 
incorporation) to 31 December 2018. 
The aggregate amount of remuneration paid (or to be paid) by the Investment Manager to senior management for 
the period from3 May 2018 (date of incorp oration) to 31 December 2018 was: 
Total remuneration (including deferred performance of US$74.02) 
The number of beneficiaries who received such remuneration during the period was: 
2018 
US$ 
985.61 
5 
The aggregate amount of remuneration paid (or to be paid) by the Investment Manager to members of staff 
whose actions have a material impact on the risk profile of the Feeder for the period from 3 May 2018 (date of 
incorporation) to 31 Decemb er 2018 was: 
Total remuneration (including deferred performance of US$28.58) 
The number of beneficiaries who received such remuneration during the period was: 
2018 
US$ 
484.91 
3 
It should be noted that there is some overlap between senior management of the Investment Manager and 
members of staff of the Investment Manager whose actions have a material impact on the risk profile of the 
Fund. 
• 
The financial and non-financial criteria of the remuneration policies and practices for the Investment 
Manager's staff are set out in the Investment Manager's Remuneration Policy and are intended to be 
consistent with, and to promote, sound and effective risk management and to not encourage risk-taking 
which is inconsistent with the risk profile of the AIFs (as defined in AIFMD) that the Investment 
Manager manages. In particular, as regards (i) the potential influence of the Investment Manager's 
remuneration policies and practices on the risk profile of the relevant AIFs, and (ii) the measures 
adopted to avoid or manage conflicts of interest, the Remuneration Policy provides that: 
40

--- Page 274 ---
Aspect Investment Programmes ICAV - Aspect Systematic Global Macro Trading Fund 
APPENDIX 1— UNAUDIIED ADDITIONAL INFORMATION NOT FORMING PART OF THE 
AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 
• 
Although not required to do so, as a matter of good practice the Investment Manager has established a 
remuneration committee ("RemCo") to which the Investment Manager's Board of Directors has 
delegated certain responsibilities in respect of emp loyee remuneration. 
• 
The structure of an employee's remuneration should be consistent with and promote effective risk 
management and not encourage any level of risk-taking that exceeds the Investment Manager's 
tolerated and stated risk limits (as set out in the Investment Manager's ICAAP document) or that is 
inconsistent with the ris k profiles ofthe AIFs it manages. 
• 
The remuneration structure should avoid incentivising employees on a short-term basis, and should 
promote the Investment Manager's business strategy, objectives, values and long-term interests and 
those of the AIFs it manages and their investors. In particular, variable remuneration is determined in 
light of the medium term nature of the Investment Manager's investment management strategies -
typically being at least three years. In addition, employees have the option (and in some cases are 
required) to defer their bonus through a staff incentive scheme which serves further to align bonus 
payments with the firm's business cycle, with the amount that is paid to the employee through the 
scheme reflecting the performance ofthe Aspect Diversified Programme. 
• 
In any given period, the total variable remuneration paid to the Investment Manager's employees should 
not limit its ability to maintain the strength ofits capital base. 
• 
Variable remuneration will not be pail through vehicles or methods that facilitate the avoidance of the 
requirements of the AIFM Remuneration Code as set out in the Financial Conduct Authority's 
Handbook. 
• 
The Investment Manager's risk management, compliance, internal audit and similar functions are 
required to provide input on the Investment Manager's overall remuneration strategy, having regard to 
the effective promotion of risk management, and to have an active role in the design, ongoing oversight 
and review ofthe Remuneration Policy. 
• 
Fach employee's remuneration is generally determined by the Investment Manager's Board of 
Directors; save that the board's remuneration and that of the senior officers in the Investment 
Manager's risk management and compliance functions is overseen by the RemCo. Consequently it is 
not possible for any single individual to determine the remuneration for his/her own business area. 
COMPARISON WITH US GAAP 
The following are the material quantitative adjustments required to these financial statements to equate 
them to a US GAAP basis for the Statement of Financial Position and the Statement of Comprehensive 
Income: 
31 December2018 
US$ 
Net assets attributable to holders of redeemable 
participating shares as at 31 Decem ber 
(in accordance with IFRS) 
Adjustment for redemptions payable on 
1 January in conformity with ASC480 
Net assets of the Fund calculated 
in conform ity wi th US GAAP 
1,636,121 
1,636,121 
Accounting Standards Codification ("ASC") 815-10 "Derivatives and Hedging" includes disclosure 
requirements with the intent to provide users of financial statements with an enhanced understanding of 
how and why an entity uses derivative instruments. The fair value of derivative instruments held as at 
31 December2018 is shown in the accompanying Schedule ofInvestments. 
41

--- Page 275 ---
Aspect Investment Programmes ICAV - Aspect Systematic Global Macro Trading Fund 
APPENDIX 1 — UNAITDI1ED ADDITIONAL INFORMATION NOT FORMING PART OF THE 
AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 
COMPARISON WITH US GAAP (continued) 
ASC 740-10 "Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes — an interpretation ofASC 740" clarifies the 
accounting for uncertainty in income taxes recognized in the Fund's financial statements in conformity 
with ASC 740 "Accounting for Income Taxes". ASC 740-10 prescribes a recognition threshold and 
measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position or 
expected position to be taken on a tax return. Given the Fund's domicile, the investment objective of the 
Fund and the trading strategies and instruments traded/held by the Fund there are no uncertain tax 
positions and therefore ASC 740-10 has no impact on the Fund's financial position or result of 
operations for the period from 3 May 2018 (date of incorp oration) to 31 December 2018. 
42

--- Page 276 ---
Aspect Investment Programmes ICAV - Aspect Systematic Global Macro Trading Fund 
APPENDIX 2 — UNAUDITED ADDITIONAL INFORMATION NOT FORMING PART OF THE 
AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEVIENTS 
Share Class 
Performance 
Jurisdiction 
Fund 
Management Fee 
Redemption Fee 
UnderlyingFund 
Regulatory Status 
Manager 
(bps)
Goldman Sachs US$ Treasury 
Goldman 
Liquid Reserves Fund 
Dublin 
Sachs 
20 
JP Morgan US$ Treasury 
Liquidity Fund 
Luxembourg 
JP Morgan 
21 
43

--- Page 277 ---
Aspect Investment Programmes ICAV - Aspect Systematic Global Macro Trading Fund 
APPENDIX 3 — UNAUDITED SECURITIES FINANCING TRANSACTIONS 
Pursuant to Article 13 of Regulation (EU) 2015/2365 on transparency ofsecurities financing transactions and of 
reuse and amending Regulation (EU) No 648/2012 (the "SFTR"), the Investment Manager is required to inform 
investors of the use it makes of securities financing transactions ("SFTs") and total return swaps ("TRSs") in 
respect of the Fund. For the purposes of the SFTR, SFTs are defined as: repurchase transactions, securities or 
commodities lending or borrowing transactions, buy-sell back transactions, sell-buy back transactions and 
margin lending transactions. 
The Investment Manager is authorised to enter into repurchase transactions, securities or commodities lending or 
borrowing transaction, buy-sell back transactions, sell-buy back transactions or margin lending transactions and 
TRSs. However, for the period from 3 May 2018 (date of incorporation) to 31 December 2018 the Investment 
Manager has not engaged in any SFTs or TRSs on behalf ofthe Fund. 
44

--- Page 278 ---
INDEX 
"AIF" 
43 
Certificate Redemption Amount 
44 
"Associate" 
43 
Certificateholder 
44 
"Class Currency" 
44 
Certificateholders 
2 
"ESMA" 
45 
Certificates 
 1, 42 
"Fixed Maturity Date" 
46 
CFTC 
93 
"ICAV Depositary Agreement" 
46 
CIS 
85 
"ICAV" 
46, 79 
Class 
44 
"Specified Currency" 
50 
Class Account 
44 
€ 6 
Class of Shares 
44 
Accountholder 
72 
Class Series 
44 
Additional Certificate Number 
55 
Clearstream, Luxembourg 
3 
Additional Increased Tax 
65 
COBS 
127 
Adjusted Maturity Date 
43 
Commission 
7 
Adjustment 
59 
Common Depositary 
23, 52, 71 
Agency Agreement 
42 
Common Reporting Standard 
115 
Agents 
43 
Company 
44 
AIF Rulebook 
43 
Company Administrator 
44 
AIFM 
43 
Company Business Day 
45 
AIFM Directive 
43 
Company Document 
45 
AIFMD Level 2 Regulations 
43 
Company I 
 1, 45, 79 
AIFMD Regulations 
43 
Company I Share Prospectus 
4 
Akin Gump 
95 
Company I Shares 
1, 45, 79 
Alternative Drawdown Document 
12 
Company 
Investment 
Subscription 
Alternative Drawdown Documents  
1 
Date 
45 
Alternative Programme Agreements 43 
Conditions 
42, 127 
BaFin 
122 
Corporate Administration Agreement 
 
76 
Balancing Amount 
55 
Corporate Administrator 
45, 76 
Base Currency 
44 
Covered Entities 
33 
Basic Terms Modification 
29, 68 
Covered QFC 
33 
Board of Governors 
33 
CRS 
115 
business day 
53 
Custodian Certificates 
45 
Business Day 
44 
Custodian Global Certificate 
17 
Calculation Agent 
42 
Dealer 
45, 118 
Central Bank 
2, 122 
Dealer Agreement 
45, 118 
Certificate 
44 
Dealing Day 
45 
Certificate Buy-back Amount  
44 
Definitive Certificates 
51 
Certificate Custodian 
42 
Delegate 
93 
Certificate Price 
44 
PL/PU398925/2/UKM/106150756.12 
138 
PL/PL/398925/2/UKM/106150756.12
138
INDEX 
"AIF" ..................................................... 43 
"Associate" ......................................... 43 
"Class Currency" ................................ 44 
"ESMA" ................................................ 45 
"Fixed Maturity Date" ......................... 46 
"ICAV Depositary Agreement" .......... 46 
"ICAV" ............................................ 46, 79 
"Specified Currency" ......................... 50 
€ 6 
Accountholder .................................... 72 
Additional Certificate Number ........... 55 
Additional Increased Tax ................... 65 
Adjusted Maturity Date ...................... 43 
Adjustment .......................................... 59 
Agency Agreement ............................. 42 
Agents .................................................. 43 
AIF Rulebook....................................... 43 
AIFM ..................................................... 43 
AIFM Directive ..................................... 43 
AIFMD Level 2 Regulations ............... 43 
AIFMD Regulations ............................. 43 
Akin Gump ........................................... 95 
Alternative Drawdown Document ..... 12 
Alternative Drawdown Documents ..... 1 
Alternative Programme Agreements 43 
BaFin .................................................. 122 
Balancing Amount .............................. 55 
Base Currency .................................... 44 
Basic Terms Modification ............ 29, 68 
Board of Governors ............................ 33 
business day ....................................... 53 
Business Day ...................................... 44 
Calculation Agent ............................... 42 
Central Bank.................................. 2, 122 
Certificate ............................................ 44 
Certificate Buy-back Amount ............ 44 
Certificate Custodian ......................... 42 
Certificate Price .................................. 44 
Certificate Redemption Amount ........ 44 
Certificateholder .................................. 44 
Certificateholders .................................. 2 
Certificates ...................................... 1, 42 
CFTC ..................................................... 93 
CIS ......................................................... 85 
Class ..................................................... 44 
Class Account ...................................... 44 
Class of Shares.................................... 44 
Class Series ......................................... 44 
Clearstream, Luxembourg .................... 3 
COBS ..................................................127 
Commission ........................................... 7 
Common Depositary .............. 23, 52, 71 
Common Reporting Standard ..........115 
Company .............................................. 44 
Company Administrator ..................... 44 
Company Business Day ..................... 45 
Company Document ........................... 45 
Company I ................................. 1, 45, 79 
Company I Share Prospectus .............. 4 
Company I Shares .................... 1, 45, 79 
Company 
Investment 
Subscription 
Date ................................................... 45 
Conditions ................................... 42, 127 
Corporate Administration Agreement
 ........................................................... 76 
Corporate Administrator .............. 45, 76 
Covered Entities .................................. 33 
Covered QFC ........................................ 33 
CRS .....................................................115 
Custodian Certificates ........................ 45 
Custodian Global Certificate .............. 17 
Dealer ........................................... 45, 118 
Dealer Agreement ....................... 45, 118 
Dealing Day .......................................... 45 
Definitive Certificates .......................... 51 
Delegate ................................................ 93

--- Page 279 ---
Designated Account 
72 
ICAV Subscriber Shares 
81 
Designated Bank 
72 
IDC 
102 
Distribution Compliance Period 
120 
IGA 
116 
distributor 
5, 126, 127 
Illegality 
47 
Early Termination Event 
59 
Implementation 
of 
Financial 
EEA 
5, 126 
Transaction Tax 
47 
Enforcement Notice 
66 
Indemnified Party 
108 
Euroclear 
3 
Insurance Distribution Directive5, 122, 
126 
Euronext Dublin 
2 
Investment Company Act 
4 
Euros 
6 
Investment Manager 
47 
EUWA 
5, 123, 126 
IRS 
116 
Event of Default 
66 
Issue Date 
42 
Exchange Date 
72 
Issue Terms 
1, 12 
Exchange Event 
71 
Issuer 
1, 42 
Expenses Agreement 
45 
Jersey CRS Legislation  
115 
External Valuer 
46 
Jersey Registrar 
7 
Extraordinary Resolution  
68 
Knowledgeable Person 
47 
FATCA 
46, 116 
Mandatory Redemption Event .... 20, 58 
FCA 
93 
Maturity Date 
47 
FCA Rules 
46 
MiFID 
48 
FFI 
116 
MiFID II 
 5, 122, 126 
Final Rule 
33 
MiFID Regulations 
121 
Final Terms 
1, 12, 46, 128 
Minimum Initial Investment Amount .48 
FSB 
32 
Net Asset Value 
48 
FSMA 
121 
Net Realised Share NAV 
48 
FTT Amendments 
65 
NFA 
93 
FTT Amendments Certificate 
65 
Number of Certificates 
48 
Global Certificate 
23, 51, 71 
offer 
122, 123 
GSIB 
33 
Official List 
2 
GST 
114 
OTC 
103 
ICAV 
1 
Overview of the Programme 
1, 4 
ICAV Act 
46 
Participating FFI 
116 
ICAV Administration Agreement 
46 
Paying Agent 
42 
ICAV Auditor 
46 
paying agents 
116 
ICAV Directors 
46 
Payment Business Day 
48 
ICAV Instrument of Incorporation .... 46 
Performance Fee 
88 
ICAV Investment 
46 
Potential Early Termination Event...119 
ICAV Prospectus 
4 
Potential Event of Default 
 
119 
ICAV Service Provider 
47 
Pricing Supplement 
1 
PL/PU398925/2/UKM/106150756.12 
139 
PL/PL/398925/2/UKM/106150756.12
139
Designated Account ........................... 72 
Designated Bank ................................ 72 
Distribution Compliance Period...... 120 
distributor .............................. 5, 126, 127 
Early Termination Event .................... 59 
EEA................................................. 5, 126 
Enforcement Notice ............................ 66 
Euroclear ............................................... 3 
Euronext Dublin .................................... 2 
Euros ...................................................... 6 
EUWA ..................................... 5, 123, 126 
Event of Default .................................. 66 
Exchange Date .................................... 72 
Exchange Event .................................. 71 
Expenses Agreement ......................... 45 
External Valuer ................................... 46 
Extraordinary Resolution .................. 68 
FATCA .......................................... 46, 116 
FCA....................................................... 93 
FCA Rules ............................................ 46 
FFI ....................................................... 116 
Final Rule ............................................. 33 
Final Terms ........................ 1, 12, 46, 128 
FSB ....................................................... 32 
FSMA .................................................. 121 
FTT Amendments ............................... 65 
FTT Amendments Certificate ............ 65 
Global Certificate .................... 23, 51, 71 
GSIB ..................................................... 33 
GST..................................................... 114 
ICAV ....................................................... 1 
ICAV Act .............................................. 46 
ICAV Administration Agreement....... 46 
ICAV Auditor ....................................... 46 
ICAV Directors .................................... 46 
ICAV Instrument of Incorporation .... 46 
ICAV Investment ................................. 46 
ICAV Prospectus .................................. 4 
ICAV Service Provider........................ 47 
ICAV Subscriber Shares ..................... 81 
IDC .......................................................102 
IGA ......................................................116 
Illegality ................................................ 47 
Implementation 
of 
Financial 
Transaction Tax ............................... 47 
Indemnified Party ..............................108 
Insurance Distribution Directive5, 122, 
126 
Investment Company Act ..................... 4 
Investment Manager ............................ 47 
IRS .......................................................116 
Issue Date ............................................. 42 
Issue Terms ..................................... 1, 12 
Issuer ............................................... 1, 42 
Jersey CRS Legislation ....................115 
Jersey Registrar .................................... 7 
Knowledgeable Person ....................... 47 
Mandatory Redemption Event .... 20, 58 
Maturity Date ........................................ 47 
MiFID ..................................................... 48 
MiFID II ................................... 5, 122, 126 
MiFID Regulations .............................121 
Minimum Initial Investment Amount . 48 
Net Asset Value ................................... 48 
Net Realised Share NAV ..................... 48 
NFA ....................................................... 93 
Number of Certificates ........................ 48 
offer ............................................ 122, 123 
Official List ............................................. 2 
OTC .....................................................103 
Overview of the Programme ............1, 4 
Participating FFI ................................116 
Paying Agent ........................................ 42 
paying agents ....................................116 
Payment Business Day ....................... 48 
Performance Fee ................................. 88 
Potential Early Termination Event ...119 
Potential Event of Default .................119 
Pricing Supplement ............................... 1

--- Page 280 ---
PRIIPs Regulation 
5, 126 
Principal Financial Centre 
48 
Principal Trust Deed 
42 
Programme 
1, 48 
Proprietary Accounts 
96 
Prospectus Regulation2, 5, 122, 126, 
127, 128 
Purchase Date 
21, 62 
QFCs 
33 
Qualifying Investor 
48 
Realised Share NAV 
49 
Realised Value 
63 
Recognised Exchange 
49 
Record Date 
63, 72 
Redemption Date 
20, 58 
Redemption Dealing Day 
49 
Reform Act 
106 
Register 
51 
Registrar 
42 
Regulated Market 
2 
Regulation S 
4 
Relevant Agreement 
49 
Relevant Date 
49 
Requested Fungible Notional 
49 
retail investor 
122, 123 
Scheduled Maturity Date 
49 
SEC 
93 
Securities Act 
4 
Series 
1, 14, 42, 50, 51 
Series Assets 
2 
Series Prospectus 
1 
Series Transaction Parties 
9 
SFT 
50 
SFT Counterparties 
84 
SFTs 
83 
Share NAV 
50 
Share Trustee 
76 
Shareholders 
50 
Shares 
50 
Sub-Fund 
 1, 80 
Sub-Fund Shares 
1, 50, 79 
Subscription Conditions Precedent.50, 
119 
Subscription Dealing Day 
50 
Supplemental Redemption Amount  59 
Supplemental Trust Deed 
42 
Tax Event 
50 
The Sub-Fund 
50 
Transaction Fees 
50 
Transaction Participant 
79 
Transfer Agent 
42 
Trust Deed 
 14, 42 
U.S Special Resolution Regimes 
33 
UK 
5, 126 
UK MiFIR 
127 
UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules6, 
127 
UK PRIIPs Regulation 
6, 42, 126 
Underlying Assets 
2, 53 
US dollars 
6 
US$ 
6 
Valuation Point 
51 
Valuation Policy 
51 
PL/PU398925/2/UKM/106150756.12 
140 
PL/PL/398925/2/UKM/106150756.12
140
PRIIPs Regulation ......................... 5, 126 
Principal Financial Centre ................. 48 
Principal Trust Deed ........................... 42 
Programme ...................................... 1, 48 
Proprietary Accounts ......................... 96 
Prospectus Regulation2, 5, 122, 126, 
127, 128 
Purchase Date ............................... 21, 62 
QFCs .................................................... 33 
Qualifying Investor ............................. 48 
Realised Share NAV ........................... 49 
Realised Value .................................... 63 
Recognised Exchange ....................... 49 
Record Date ................................... 63, 72 
Redemption Date .......................... 20, 58 
Redemption Dealing Day ................... 49 
Reform Act ........................................ 106 
Register ............................................... 51 
Registrar .............................................. 42 
Regulated Market .................................. 2 
Regulation S .......................................... 4 
Relevant Agreement ........................... 49 
Relevant Date ...................................... 49 
Requested Fungible Notional ............ 49 
retail investor ............................ 122, 123 
Scheduled Maturity Date ................... 49 
SEC....................................................... 93 
Securities Act ........................................ 4 
Series ............................. 1, 14, 42, 50, 51 
Series Assets ........................................ 2 
Series Prospectus ................................ 1 
Series Transaction Parties ..................... 9 
SFT ........................................................ 50 
SFT Counterparties ............................. 84 
SFTs ...................................................... 83 
Share NAV ............................................ 50 
Share Trustee ....................................... 76 
Shareholders ........................................ 50 
Shares ................................................... 50 
Sub-Fund ......................................... 1, 80 
Sub-Fund Shares ...................... 1, 50, 79 
Subscription Conditions Precedent .50, 
119 
Subscription Dealing Day ................... 50 
Supplemental Redemption Amount .. 59 
Supplemental Trust Deed ................... 42 
Tax Event .............................................. 50 
The Sub-Fund ...................................... 50 
Transaction Fees ................................. 50 
Transaction Participant ...................... 79 
Transfer Agent ..................................... 42 
Trust Deed ..................................... 14, 42 
U.S. Special Resolution Regimes ...... 33 
UK ................................................... 5, 126 
UK MiFIR .............................................127 
UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules 6, 
127 
UK PRIIPs Regulation ............ 6, 42, 126 
Underlying Assets .......................... 2, 53 
US dollars ............................................... 6 
US$ .......................................................... 6 
Valuation Point .................................... 51 
Valuation Policy ................................... 51

--- Page 281 ---
REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE ISSUER 
47 Esplanade 
St Helier 
Jersey JE1 OBD 
NOTE TRUSTEE 
BNY Mellon Corporate Trustee Services Limited 
One Canada Square 
London E14 5AL 
PAYING AGENT AND TRANSFER AGENT 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch 
One Canada Square 
London E14 5AL 
REGISTRAR 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch 
Vertigo Building 
Polaris 
2-4 rue Eugene Ruppert 
L-2453 Luxembourg 
CERTIFICATE CUSTODIAN 
Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc 
25 Cabot Square 
London E14 4QA 
LISTING AGENT 
Maples and Calder (Ireland) LLP 
75 St. Stephen's Green 
Dublin 2 
Ireland 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer 
as to Jersey law 
Carey Olsen Jersey LLP 
47 Esplanade 
St Helier 
Jersey JE1 OBD 
To the Issuer as to 
English law 
DLA Piper UK LLP 
160 Aldersgate Street 
London EC1A 4HT 
PL/PU398925/2/UKM/106150756.12 
141 
PL/PL/398925/2/UKM/106150756.12
141
REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE ISSUER 
47 Esplanade 
St Helier 
Jersey JE1 0BD 
NOTE TRUSTEE 
BNY Mellon Corporate Trustee Services Limited 
One Canada Square 
London E14 5AL 
PAYING AGENT AND TRANSFER AGENT 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch 
One Canada Square 
London E14 5AL 
REGISTRAR 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch 
Vertigo Building 
Polaris 
2-4 rue Eugène Ruppert 
L-2453 Luxembourg 
CERTIFICATE CUSTODIAN 
Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc 
25 Cabot Square 
London E14 4QA 
LISTING AGENT 
Maples and Calder (Ireland) LLP 
75 St. Stephen's Green 
Dublin 2 
Ireland 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer 
as to Jersey law  
To the Issuer as to 
English law 
Carey Olsen Jersey LLP 
47 Esplanade 
St Helier 
Jersey JE1 0BD
DLA Piper UK LLP 
160 Aldersgate Street 
London EC1A 4HT