--- Page 1 ---
Mowi ASA  
 
13.08.2024 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
  
 
 
 
Base Prospectus  
 
Mowi ASA

--- Page 2 ---
Mowi ASA  
 
13.08.2024 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 2 of 45 
 
Important notice 
This Base Prospectus prepared according to Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, is valid for a period of up 
to 12 months following its approval by the Norwegian FSA. This Base Prospectus was approved by 
the Norwegian FSA on 13.08.2024. The prospectus for issuance of new bonds or other securities may 
for a period of up to 12 months from the date of the approval consist of this Base Prospectus and a 
Final Term to each issue.   
A prospective investor should consider carefully the factors set forth in chapter 1 Risk factors, and 
elsewhere in the Prospectus, and should consult his or her own expert advisers as to the suitability 
of an investment in bonds, including any legal requirements, exchange control regulations and tax 
consequences within the country of residence and domicile for the acquisition, holding and disposal 
of bonds relevant to such prospective investor. 
The manager and/or affiliated companies and/or officers, directors and employees may be a market 
maker or hold a position in any instrument or related instrument discussed in this Base Prospectus 
and may perform or seek to perform financial advisory or banking services related to such 
instruments. The managers corporate finance department may act as manager or co-manager for 
this Company in private and/or public placement and/or resale not publicly available or commonly 
known. Copies of this Base Prospectus are not being mailed or otherwise distributed or sent in or 
into or made available in the United States. Persons receiving this document (including custodians, 
nominees and trustees) must not distribute or send such documents or any related documents in or 
into the United States. 
Other than in compliance with applicable United States securities laws, no solicitations are being 
made or will be made, directly or indirectly, in the United States. Securities will not be registered 
under the United States Securities Act of 1933 and may not be offered or sold in the United States 
absent registration or an applicable exemption from registration requirements. 
The distribution of the Base Prospectus may be limited by law also in other jurisdictions, for example 
in Canada, Japan, Australia and in the United Kingdom. Verification and approval of the Base 
Prospectus by the Norwegian FSA implies that the Base Prospectus may be used in any EEA country. 
No other measures have been taken to obtain authorisation to distribute the Base Prospectus in any 
jurisdiction where such action is required, and any information contained herein or in any other sales 
document relating to bonds does not constitute an offer or solicitation by anyone in any jurisdiction 
in which such offer or solicitation is not lawful or in which the person making such offer or solicitation 
is not qualified to do so or to anyone to whom it is unlawful to make such offer or solicitation. 
The content of the Base Prospectus does not constitute legal, financial or tax advice and potential 
investors should seek legal, financial and/or tax advice. 
Unless otherwise stated, the Base Prospectus is subject to Norwegian law. In the event of any dispute 
regarding the Base Prospectus, Norwegian law will apply.

--- Page 3 ---
Mowi ASA  
 
13.08.2024 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 3 of 45 
 
Table of Contents: 
 
 
1. Risk factors  .................................................................................................................... 4 
2. Persons responsible ........................................................................................................ 12 
3. Definitions ..................................................................................................................... 13 
4. Statutory auditors .......................................................................................................... 14 
5. Information about the Issuer ........................................................................................... 15 
6. Business overview .......................................................................................................... 16 
7. Board of directors, management and supervisory bodies ..................................................... 20 
8. Major shareholders ......................................................................................................... 28 
9. Financial information and regulatory disclosures ................................................................. 30 
10. Documents on display ................................................................................................... 33 
11. Financial instruments that can be issued under the Base Prospectus ................................... 34 
12. Cross reference list ....................................................................................................... 44 
13. Appendix ..................................................................................................................... 45

--- Page 4 ---
Mowi ASA  
 
13.08.2024 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 4 of 45 
 
1. Risk factors  
 
Investing in bonds issued by Mowi ASA involves inherent risks. Prospective investors should carefully 
consider, among other things, the risk factors set out in this Base Prospectus before making an 
investment decision.   
 
A prospective investor should carefully consider all the risks related to the Company and should 
consult his or her own expert advisors as to the suitability of an investment in bonds issued by the 
Company. An investment in bonds entails significant risks and is suitable only for investors who 
understand the risk factors associated with this type of investment and who can afford a loss of all 
or part of the investment. Against this background, an investor should thus make a careful 
assessment of the Company, its creditworthiness and its prospects before deciding to invest, 
including its current and future tax position. The risk factors for Mowi ASA and the Group are deemed 
to be equivalent for the purpose of this Base Prospectus unless otherwise stated. 
 
The Company believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in 
investing in bonds issued by the Company. It applies for all risk factors that, if materialized, and 
depending on the circumstances, may have an adverse effect on the Company and which may reduce 
anticipated revenue and profitability, ultimately resulting in a potential insolvency situation.    
 
Risks related to the Group’s Business and Industry  
 
The Group's results depend on the salmon market and salmon prices  
The Group derives nearly all of its revenue from sales of, and is therefore heavily dependent on the 
market for, Atlantic salmon. The Group is further dependent on global and regional salmon prices, 
which are subject to large short- and long-term fluctuations due to variations in supply and demand 
caused by factors such as smolt release, biological factors, quality, shifts in consumption, license 
changes, changes in customer preferences, changes in public attitude towards farmed salmon, 
relative pricing of substitute products, such as poultry, pork and beef, and general economic 
conditions, such as levels of employment, inflation, growth in gross domestic product, or GDP, 
disposable income and consumer confidence. Any decline in salmon prices could have a material 
adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition, and/or results of operations.  
 
Further, the Group seeks to hedge some of its exposure to short-and medium-term fluctuations in 
salmon prices, primarily by entering into fixed-price contracts with its customers, but also by trading 
salmon futures contracts. Any inability to effectively hedge its exposure to salmon prices, for example 
if the contract market is effectively shut down by legislation being introduced that links taxation to 
spot prices, could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition, and/or 
results of operations. 
 
The Group's farming operations are subject to biological factors  
The Group's farming operations are subject to a number of biological risks, including diseases, virus, 
bacteria, parasites (including sea lice), fish escapes, predation, plankton (including algae), jellyfish 
and contaminants. These biological factors could have an adverse effect on fish quality, fish welfare 
and health, fish growth and fish mortality, and may result in reduced harvest weight and volume of 
the fish, downgrading of products, claims from customers, negative publicity and increased costs, 
which in turn could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition and/or 
results of operations. In particular, authorities in all countries with an aquaculture industry have set 
limits for the acceptable number of sea lice per fish with which the Group must comply. A failure to 
control sea lice levels at the Group's farms may result in an increased number of treatments and 
lead to compromised fish welfare and higher mortality, higher operating costs and/or the possibility

--- Page 5 ---
Mowi ASA  
 
13.08.2024 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 5 of 45 
 
of regulatory actions as well as attracting negative media attention and public concerns, which may 
affect sales of the Group's products.  
 
Further, the most severe diseases may in some cases require culling and disposal of the entire cage’s 
or site’s stock, disinfection of the facility and a long subsequent fallow period as preventative 
measures to stop the disease from spreading. Market access could be impeded by strict border 
controls, not only for salmon from the infected facilities, but also for salmon originating from a wider 
geographical area surrounding the site of an outbreak. Further, fish that has been downgraded for 
example because of winter sores or jellyfish, may be subject to strict border controls, including 
restrictions on export. Continued problems with disease and downgraded fish may also attract 
negative media attention and public concerns. The Group has previously experienced periods of 
significant biological challenges caused by disease, winter sores and/or jellyfish; winter sores were 
particularly prevalent in Norway in winter 2023/24 as the old vaccine had lost efficacity, on top of 
which came levels of string jellyfish not seen in 20 years, which together led to significant levels of 
downgraded fish being sold, as well as increased mortality levels. Mowi can give no assurance that 
this will not also happen in the future. 
 
The Group's farming operations are subject to environmental factors  
The Group's salmon farming operations are subject to a number of environmental risks which may 
impact profitability and cash flow through adverse effects on fish growth, harvest weight and volume, 
fish mortality, downgrading of products and customer claims. Extreme weather such as severe 
storms can cause substantial damage to the Group's equipment and infrastructure, and lead to large-
scale fish escapes, while the Group has previously experienced a mass mortality event attributed to 
extraordinarily high seawater temperatures.  
 
Farm-raised salmon may be exposed to contamination by undesirable substances through polluted 
waters, poor processing hygiene and cross-contamination during handling. Contamination may affect 
food safety, fish health and the environment, and reduce the public’s confidence in eating salmon. 
For example, oil products floating into a farm will severely affect the salmon’s normal oxygen uptake, 
reduce fish survival and leave an unpleasant taste on surviving fish, making them inedible. If any of 
these risks were to materialise, it could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, 
financial condition and/or results of operations. 
 
The Group's farming operations are subject to risks related to price, supply and quality of fish feed  
Feed costs account for a significant portion of the Group's total production costs, and an increase in 
feed prices could, thus, have a major impact on the Group's future profitability. Changes in prices or 
availability of externally produced fish feed may be caused by, inter alia, weather, geopolitical 
conditions or other factors affecting raw material harvest, transportation and storage costs, supply 
and demand fluctuations or global policies. The Group may not be able to pass on increased feed 
costs to its customers in the future, which may negatively affect the Group's profitability. Due to the 
long production cycle for farmed salmon, there may be a significant time lag between changes in 
feed prices and corresponding changes in the prices of farmed salmon and finished products to 
customers.  
 
The Group has its own fish feed operations for supply of the Group's European operations. If the 
Group's own feed operations were to encounter production challenges, including those related to 
contaminated fish feed/feed ingredients, labour stoppages, disruptions in the supply chain and 
environmental and regulatory issues, the Group may be forced to find alternative suppliers in the 
market at short notice, incurring additional costs and potential disruptions to its farming operations. 
The Group could also be liable for losses incurred by third party feed customers if it failed to honour 
its sales contracts.

--- Page 6 ---
Mowi ASA  
 
13.08.2024 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 6 of 45 
 
Further, the Group depends on third-party feed suppliers for its operations outside Europe. In 2023 
just over 20% of the Group’s harvest volumes were farmed outside Europe and for these volumes 
the Group is dependent on a small number of suppliers of fish feed as the fish feed industry is 
dominated by three large, global suppliers. As the main feed suppliers normally enter into fixed 
contracts and adapt their production volumes to prevailing supply commitments, there is limited 
excess of fish feed available in the market. If one or more of the Group's feed contracts were to be 
terminated on short notice prior to their respective expiration dates, the Group may be forced to find 
alternative suppliers on short notice and, there is a risk that the Group may be unable to find such 
alternative suppliers in the market at attractive terms, or at all, which may result in the Group 
incurring additional costs. Any shortage in feed supply may lead to accelerated harvesting, loss of 
biomass and reduced income.  
 
High-performing fish feed is essential to the Group's fish production, as its quality affects the quality 
and volume of the harvests. The Group's feed conversion rate may increase due to lower quality or 
a suboptimal mix of ingredients used, resulting in lower harvest weight and lower operational margin 
adversely affecting the Group's financial results and liquidity.  
 
Further, inferior or contaminated fish feed could result in product liability or other serious adverse 
consequences for the Group. Although the Group has implemented risk analysis and screening 
protocols to prevent the contamination of its feed, undetected contamination in feed produced by 
the Group could cause severe damage to the salmon, potentially causing health issues for consumers 
and resulting in liability claims and the associated costs. If any of these risks were to materialise, it 
could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition and/or results of 
operations. 
 
The Group's operations are subject to risks related to the Group's contractors and suppliers  
The Group depends on a limited number of contractors for key industry supplies, such as fish feed 
and well boats (for transportation and sometimes to harvest fish). There is a risk that these suppliers 
go out of business, fail to deliver the agreed upon amount or quality of products (including 
contaminated fish feed), do not renew existing contracts or materially increase their prices. If one or 
more of the Group's supply contracts were to be terminated on short notice prior to their respective 
expiration dates, the Group may not be able to find alternative suppliers in the market (in a timely 
manner or at all).  
 
Further, the Group transports its products over long distances. The products are often perishable and 
can only be stored for a limited amount of time. Disruptions to the Group's transport service providers 
could impair the Group's ability to bring its products to the market (in a timely manner or at all).  
 
In addition, the Group purchases seafood from third parties as an input in some of its secondary 
processing activities. This seafood may be contaminated or otherwise not of satisfactory quality, and 
thus may be a violation of law and may lead to product liability claims, product recalls, increased 
scrutiny and penalties, including injunctive relief and plant closings, by regulatory agencies, and 
adverse publicity. If any of these risks were to materialise, it could have a material adverse effect on 
the Group's business, financial condition and/or results of operations. 
 
Reputation risk  
The food industry in general experiences high levels of customer awareness with respect to food 
safety and product quality, information and traceability. The farmed salmon industry has been, and 
may continue to be, subject to negative publicity. Any negative publicity or criticism of the Group's 
operations, e.g. in relation to pollution, use of medicine products and/or wild-caught fish, escapes, 
contamination of products, failure to comply with food safety standards and other laws and 
regulations, diseases, or sanctions or penalties from governments may negatively affect the Group's 
reputation and could lead to consumers switching away from farm-raised salmon to alternative

--- Page 7 ---
Mowi ASA  
 
13.08.2024 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 7 of 45 
 
proteins for perceived health or environmental reasons, which in turn could have a material adverse 
effect on the Group's business, financial condition and/or results of operations. 
 
The food industry is highly competitive  
The Group faces competition from other producers of seafood as well as from other protein sources, 
such as pork, beef and poultry. The bases of competition include price, product quality, brand 
identification, customer service and competitors’ promotional spending. Further, although the 
logistics and perishability of seafood has historically led to regionalised competition, the market for 
fresh and frozen seafood is becoming increasingly globalised as a result of improved delivery logistics 
and improved preservation of the products. As a consequence, the market demand for the Group's 
products may decrease. The Group may be unable to compete successfully on any or all of these 
bases in the future, which may have a material adverse effect on the Group's operations, earnings 
and financial position. 
 
Risks associated with international operations  
The Group's international operations subject the Group to various risks and uncertainties, including 
the imposition of trade protection measures, corruption, the impact of exchange rate fluctuations, 
political, social and economic conditions, compliance with domestic and international laws, different 
regulatory structures, differing tax regimes and distribution. For example, the Russian ban on imports 
of salmon products from certain countries and the Chinese restrictions on imports of Norwegian 
salmon are recent examples of such political risk. The Group’s farming operations account for 20% 
of the global salmon-farming industry, and it is highly dependent on functioning international trade. 
For example, despite being the largest farmer of Norwegian salmon, the Group is nonetheless 
historically entirely dependent on the export market for these volumes, having no domestic sales in 
Norway. Any negative consequences related to the Group's risks and uncertainties with respect to 
its international operations could limit its ability to transact business in current or future markets, 
which could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition and/or results 
of operations. 
 
The Group is subject to risks related to IT and cyber security  
The Group is dependent on IT systems in all parts of its business, and is as such exposed to risks 
related to IT and cyber security. The risk of falling victim to a sophisticated cyberattack is rising to 
companies in general, including for the Group. In the event of an IT system failure or breach, and 
depending on its nature, severity and duration, which may result in, inter alia, compromised bank 
accounts and related financial losses, the loss of confidential, sensitive information to competitors, 
exposure to legal action by business partners, loss of biomass or inventory, failure to fulfil contracts 
or pay suppliers, which in turn could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial 
condition and/or results of operations.  
 
Risk related to laws, regulation and litigation  
 
The Group is dependent on licenses  
The Group is required to obtain licenses in order to farm fish in the jurisdictions in which it operates. 
Thus, the Group is dependent on maintaining its current licenses (also known as concessions) and 
being granted future licenses from the relevant governmental authorities to operate its fish farms 
and to sustain and expand its revenues and business. There are strict requirements relating to the 
granting and maintaining of such licenses which the Group must comply with. Further, governments 
may change the procedures for granting licenses, add conditions to the licenses,or otherwise dilute 
or invalidate the Group's licenses. For example, the Group's licenses in British Columbia, Canada 
were renewed for another five years in 2024, however the government is opposed to salmon-farming 
in this region and has stated that further renewal of those licenses after that time will be contingent 
on moving operations into closed-containment or land-based systems. There is a risk that these 
conditions will not be met within that timescale and that the licenses will not be renewed. British

--- Page 8 ---
Mowi ASA  
 
13.08.2024 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 8 of 45 
 
Columbia accounts for less than 4% of Mowi’s global farming footprint, however there is a risk of 
contagion to other jurisdictions. A failure to maintain or be granted necessary licenses on a large 
scale may have a material adverse impact on the Group's business, financial condition and/or results 
of operations. 
 
The seafood industry is exposed to legal and political risk  
The Group is subject to governmental regulations in the jurisdictions in which it operates, relating 
to, inter alia, food safety, aquaculture regulation, tax and environment and trade restrictions, which 
affect the Group's business. The fish farming and processing industries are subject to local, regional 
and national governmental regulations relating to, inter alia, the farming, processing, packaging, 
storage, distribution, advertising, labelling, quality and safety of food products and the environment. 
Further, some of the Group's sites are located close to protected areas or highly sensitive areas with 
respect to biodiversity, and the Group may not be permitted to continue to operate at those sites or 
to use certain fish feed and medication at those sites. Trade restrictions resulting in suboptimal 
distribution of salmon may be intensified, creating a negative impact on price in some jurisdictions 
in which the Group operates. Many of the Group's production sites are located outside our principal 
markets, leaving it exposed to possible trade restrictions. The effects of trade restrictions may have 
a significant negative impact on the Group's ability to sell in certain regions or its ability to charge 
competitive prices for its products in such regions, leading to reduced operating cash flow.  
 
There is a risk that new and stricter requirements are introduced and investments necessary to meet 
such new regulatory requirements and penalties for failure to comply with such requirements could 
be significant. Likewise, an absence of or ineffective government regulation may lead to 
unsustainable farming practices, which can hinder the seafood industry’s ability to implement 
sustainable and profitable practices. While partly mitigated by Mowi’s geographical diversification of 
farming operations, new laws and regulations, ineffective government regulation, stricter 
interpretations of existing laws or regulations, or failure to comply with applicable laws, regulations 
or interpretations could have serious consequences for the Group's business and operations, 
including criminal, civil and administrative penalties, loss of production, injunctions, product recalls 
and/or negative publicity, which in turn could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, 
financial condition, and/or results of operations. 
 
The Group is subject to antitrust and competition regulations  
The Group is subject to a variety of laws and regulations, including competition (antitrust) law, 
particularly due to its market share in the jurisdictions in which it operates. The risks of infringing 
competition laws and regulations are higher in markets in which the Group holds a leading position. 
The Group's compliance with such regulations may have an adverse effect on its business, for 
example by preventing the Group from growing sufficiently, or by forcing the Group to divest 
profitable assets or operate them less profitably, which could have a material adverse effect on the 
Group’s business, financial condition, and/or results of operations.  
 
As announced on 25 January 2024, the Group has received a Statement of Objections from the 
European Commission as a result of their inspections in February 2019 of several Norwegian 
producers of farmed Atlantic salmon, including the Group. The Statement of Objections is not a final 
decision, but rather the Commission's preliminary view that the companies under investigation may 
have breached EU competition rules. It is the EU commission's preliminary view that the Group has 
breached EU antitrust rules by colluding to distort competition in the market for spot sales of 
Norwegian farmed Atlantic salmon in the EU. The Group strongly contests the Commission's 
preliminary view and the characteristics of the alleged behaviour in the market for farmed Norwegian 
Atlantic salmon, and strongly believes there has been no infringement of the competition rules. 
However, if the Group is found to have violated the EU competition rules, the Group may be fined up 
to 10% of the Group's annual worldwide turnover, which could have a material adverse effect on the 
Group’s business, financial condition, and/or results of operations.

--- Page 9 ---
Mowi ASA  
 
13.08.2024 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 9 of 45 
 
Risk related to changes to tax laws  
The Group is exposed to potentially adverse changes in the tax regimes of the jurisdictions in which 
it operates, and any significant changes to such tax regimes could have a material adverse effect on 
the Group’s business, financial condition, and/or results of operations, depending on the nature of 
the changes and the share of the Group’s operations exposed to that particular jurisdiction. 
 
On 31 May 2023, the Norwegian Parliament approved the introduction of a resource rent tax (Nw: 
grunnrenteskatt) for the aquaculture industry with effect from 1 January 2023. The tax is a cash 
flow-based tax applicable on income from production of salmon, trout and rainbow trout. The current 
effective tax rate for the resource rent tax is 25%, which comes in addition to the ordinary tax of 
22% on net profits. The taxable income shall be determined based on the value of the salmon etc. 
when it is taken out of the sea. From 2024 a separate price board will be established to set the value 
for tax purposes, which could deviate from the spot. Cost and investments related to the sea phase 
will be deductible in the tax base, as well as certain other related costs. Further, a production tax 
has been introduced, which will be deductible from the resource rent tax. The production tax is 
currently 93.5 øre/kg. The new resource rent tax only applies to the Group's sea phase operations 
in Norway, which makes up a significant part of the Group's profit, and not the full value chain. There 
is a risk that the tax authorities may conclude that the Group’s sea phase operations represent a 
higher share of profits compared with the Group’s current estimates. There is also a risk that the 
Norwegian parliament may vote to increase the rate of resource rent tax, or change the application 
of the tax in a way that is unfavourable to the Group. Should any of these risks materialise it could 
have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition, and/or results of 
operations. 
 
Risks related to litigation and disputes which could have a negative impact on Group's operations 
The Group may from time to time be subject to commercial disagreements, contractual disputes, 
and, possibly, litigation with its counterparties, in the ordinary course of its operations. For example, 
the Group has been named a defendant in civil law proceedings by a group of claimants in the UK, 
including Scotland, which suggest a breach of applicable competition law by the Group. Although, it 
is the Group's view that the civil law claims clearly lack merit and are entirely unsubstantiated, the 
Group cannot predict with certainty the outcome or effect of these civil law claims or any future 
disagreement, dispute or litigation involving the Group or the potential costs, time and management 
focus associated with prosecuting or defending such. In addition, the Group might suffer economical 
and reputational damage from involvement in claims or disputes, as well as the deterioration of 
existing customer relationships and the Group's ability to attract new customers. If any of these risks 
were to materialise, it could have a materially adverse effect on the Group's business, financial 
position and/or results of operations. 
 
Risk factors related to the Group’s financial position 
 
Refinancing risk and inability to meet financing needs as they arise  
The group currently sources its financing from a combination of banks and investors, with the 
majority of debt maturing in 2026. The Group will be required to refinance its outstanding debt in 
order to satisfy such debt at the respective maturity dates. The Group’s ability to successfully 
refinance such debt is dependent on the financial condition of the Group, the attractiveness of the 
industry to lenders and the condition of the financial markets in general at such time. As the Group 
operates in a specialised industry where it is potentially exposed to negative biological developments 
and unfavourable media attention, there is a risk that lenders may decide to reduce their exposure 
to the industry so as not to be associated with these stories. Salmon prices have in the past been 
subject to significant volatility, which can also be off-putting for potential investors and banks. As a 
result, the Group may not at a particular time have access to financing sources on favourable terms, 
or at all. The Group’s inability to refinance its debt obligations on favourable terms, or at all, could

--- Page 10 ---
Mowi ASA  
 
13.08.2024 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 10 of 45 
 
have a materially adverse effect on the Group's business, financial position and/or results of 
operations. 
 
The Group may not be able to obtain sufficient new funding  
Feed production, salmon farming and seafood processing are capital intensive industries. The current 
sources of financing available to the Group may not be sufficient to operate the Group's business. 
The Group has applied certain assumptions in determining its future funding requirements and 
sources of capital, and such assumptions may turn out to be incorrect. Consequently, further 
financing may be required. Further, the construction and development of the Group's projects will 
require additional external financing in the future. There is however a risk that such further financing 
may not be available at attractive terms or at all. Any failure to obtain further required funding could 
materially and adversely affect the Group's business, results of operations and financial condition or 
prospects and the Group's ability to make payments could be impaired, and further, failure to obtain 
such financing could result in the delay or indefinite postponement of exploration, development or 
production on any or all of the Group's projects. There can be no assurance that additional capital or 
other types of financing will be available if needed or that, if available, the terms of such financing 
will be favorable. 
 
Fluctuations in exchange rates could negatively affect the Group  
The Group is exposed to changes in currency exchange rates as a part of its international business 
operations, including between EUR and NOK, USD and GBP, which are the Group's main financing 
and revenue currencies besides EUR. Although the Group seeks to hedge some of its exposure to 
fluctuations in these currencies, some significant exposure remains. Thus fluctuations in currency 
exchange rates could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition 
and/or results of operations. 
 
The Group is exposed to interest rate risk  
The Group is exposed to floating interest rates under its various credit arrangements. Thus, the 
Group is exposed to interest rate risk. Following the recent increases in interest rates globally, the 
risks related to interest rate fluctuations are apparent. The higher interest rates also increase the 
expected return on certain alternative investments and increase costs of financing. Further increase 
in interest rates could have a materially adverse effect on the Group's business, financial position 
and/or results of operations. 
 
Risk factors related to the Bonds 
 
Credit risk 
Credit risk is the risk that Mowi ASA fails to make the required payments under the bonds (either 
principal or interest). The ability of the Issuer to make the required payments under the bonds will 
depend on the Issuer’s future financial performance and its ability to generate cash flow from 
operations. If Mowi in the future does not have sufficient amounts available to meet the claims of its 
bondholders, this may result in a potential insolvency situation for the Issuer and a loss of all or part 
of the bondholder’s investment. 
 
Security 
Mowi has only issued unsecured bonds, but has significant secured bank debt and may issue both 
secured and unsecured Bonds. The level of any security will be described in the applicable Final 
Terms. The secured creditors of the Issuer will have priority over the assets securing their debt. 
There is therefore a risk that secured creditors may enforce their security against the interests of the 
bondholders in unsecured bonds, and without consulting them. Any assets remaining after repayment 
of the Issuer’s secured debt may not be sufficient to repay all amounts owing under unsecured bonds. 
In general, unsecured bonds carry a higher risk than secured bonds.

--- Page 11 ---
Mowi ASA  
 
13.08.2024 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 11 of 45 
 
Market risk 
There is a risk that the value of the Bonds will decrease due to a change in market conditions for 
Mowi. The price of a single bond issue will fluctuate in accordance with the interest rate and credit 
markets in general, the market view of the credit risk of that particular bond issue, and the liquidity 
of this bond issue in the market. In spite of an underlying positive development in Mowi’s business 
activities, the price of a bond may fall independent of this fact. Bond issues with a relatively short 
tenor and a floating coupon rate do however in general carry a lower price risk compared to bonds 
with a longer tenor and/or with a fixed coupon rate. 
 
Liquidity risk 
Liquidity risk is the risk that a party interested in trading bonds in the Bond Issue cannot do it because 
nobody in the market wants to trade the bonds. The liquidity depends on among other the investors’ 
interest in the bond market in general and particularly in the Issuer as an industrial investment 
company with a brands and consumer oriented scope. Missing demand of the bonds may incur a loss 
on the bondholder. 
 
Green Bonds 
In respect of Bonds issued as “Green Bonds” there can be no assurance that the relevant use of 
proceeds will be suitable for the investment criteria of an investor. An amount equal to the proceeds 
of the Green Bonds will finance or refinance, in whole or in part, investments undertaken by Mowi or 
its subsidiaries that promote the transition towards a low-carbon and environmentally sustainable 
society (“Green Projects”), in each case as determined by Mowi in accordance with the Green Project 
categories defined in the Issuer’s Green Financing Framework. There are reservations as to whether 
these projects meet each individual investor’s investment criteria.

--- Page 12 ---
Mowi ASA  
 
13.08.2024 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 12 of 45 
 
2. Persons responsible  
RESPONSIBLE FOR THE INFORMATION 
Responsible for the information given in the Base Prospectus are as follows:  
 
Mowi ASA  
Sandviksboder 77AB, 
5035 Bergen,  
Norway 
 
DECLARATION BY THE RESPONSIBLE 
Mowi ASA confirms that, to the best of their knowledge, the information contained in the Base 
Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and that the Base Prospectus makes no omission likely to 
affect its import.  
 
 
 
13.08.2024 
 
 
 
Mowi ASA 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
COMPETENT AUTHORITY APPROVAL 
This Prospectus, drawn up as part of a simplified prospectus in accordance with Article 14 of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, has been approved by the Financial Supervisory Authority of Norway 
(the “Norwegian FSA”) (Finanstilsynet), as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
The Norwegian FSA only approves this Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, 
comprehensibility and consistency imposed by Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. Such approval should not 
be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer that is the subject of this Prospectus. Investors should 
make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the securities.

--- Page 13 ---
Mowi ASA  
 
13.08.2024 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 13 of 45 
 
3. Definitions 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
- 
This Base Prospectus dated 13.08.2024. 
 
Company / Issuer / Mowi 
- 
Mowi ASA.   
 
Final Terms  
 
 
- 
Document to be prepared for each new issue or tap of bonds. 
 
GWT 
 
 
 
- 
Gutted Weight Tonnes 
 
The Group 
 
 
-  
The Company and its subsidiaries.  
 
 
 
Prospectus 
 
 
- 
This Base Prospectus together with the applicable Final  
 
 
 
 
Terms.

--- Page 14 ---
Mowi ASA  
 
13.08.2024 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 14 of 45 
 
4. Statutory auditors 
The Company’s auditor for the period covered by the historical financial information in this Base 
Prospectus has been Ernst & Young AS (registration number 976 389 387) with registered address 
at Thormøhlens gate 53 D, 5006 Bergen, Norway. 
 
 
Ernst & Young AS is a member of the Norwegian Institute of Certified Public Accountants (Nw: Den 
norske Revisorforeningen).

--- Page 15 ---
Mowi ASA  
 
13.08.2024 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 15 of 45 
 
5. Information about the Issuer 
Mowi ASA is a Norwegian public limited liability company organized under the laws of Norway, 
including the Public Limited Companies Act. The legal name of the Company is Mowi ASA, and the 
commercial name is Mowi. The Company was founded back in 1964, incorporated in Norway and 
registered in the Norwegian Companies Registry 20th February 1995 with registration number 
964 118 191. The Company’s LEI-code is 549300W1OGQF5LZIH349. The head office and registered 
office of Mowi ASA is Sandviksboder 77AB, 5035 Bergen, Norway, and its registered postal address 
is P.O. Box 4102 Sandviken, 5835 Bergen, Norway. Telephone number is +47 21 56 23 00.  
     
Website: https://mowi.com/1 
 
Mowi ASA has a long-term issuer rating of BBB+ with a Stable outlook awarded by the credit rating 
agency Nordic Credit Rating. The rating report can be found: 
https://nordiccreditrating.com/uploads/2024-03/NCR_-_Mowi_ASA_-
_Full_Rating_Report_26_Mar._2024%20%281%29.pdf  
 
Mowi’s objectives, as deﬁned in Article 3 of its Articles of Association, are as follows: The object of 
the company is production, refinement, sale and distribution of seafood and goods used in seafood 
production, either directly or through participation in other companies and hereto-related activities. 
 
Mowi is one of the largest seafood companies in the world, and the world’s largest producer of Atlantic 
salmon with harvest volumes of ca. 475 000 tonnes in 2023, equivalent to a global market share of 
approximately 20%. The Company offers seafood products to more than 70 countries, is represented 
in 26 countries and employs 11 600 people.  
 
The Company farms Atlantic salmon, first as smolt and postsmolt in flow-through facilities, 
Recirculating Aquaculture Systems, semi-closed containment systems and loch-based pens (Scotland 
only), and later in grow-out facilities at sea. The Company offers a wide range of retail products for 
consumers to choose from, ranging from value-priced to premium alternatives to suit every 
consumer’s budget. Mowi also supplies salmon to the foodservice sector. It is more important than 
ever to make nutritious and sustainable food affordable and accessible to millions of people, while 
respecting our planet and allowing local communities to flourish. 
 
 
1 Disclaimer - the information on the website does not form part of this Base Prospectus unless information is incorporated by 
reference into the Base Prospectus

--- Page 16 ---
Mowi ASA  
 
13.08.2024 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 16 of 45 
 
6. Business overview  
The Company has a fully integrated value chain from roe to plate and produces its own 
environmentally certified feed specifically designed for the Mowi salmon strain.  
 
 
 
 
Mowi is organised in three business areas: Feed, Farming and Sales & Marketing. 
 
Feed 
 
The Company’s feed division sells fish feed primarily to Group companies in Norway, Scotland, 
Ireland, Iceland and the Faroe Islands for production according to conventional and organic 
standards.  
 
Operations at Mowi Feed are centred around the Company’s feed mills at Valsneset in Norway 
(opened in 2014) and Kyleakin in Scotland (opened in 2019). These purpose-built factories are 
specifically designed to produce high nutrient density feed for farmed fish including salmon and trout 
and are equipped with all the facilities that drive efficiency and cost-effectiveness in an 
environmentally conscious manner. The Company tailors its feed to match the changing requirements 
of the fish throughout their lifecycle, across the seasons and in different production environments.  
 
The Company produces feed for all lifecycle stages of salmon larger than 2-3g growing in fresh and 
seawater for production according to conventional and organic standards. Additionally, the Company 
sells small quantities of feed for conventionally reared trout in both fresh and seawater production 
systems in the UK and for export to Europe. 
 
Mowi’ feed division is solely responsible for the whole feed development, manufacturing and sales 
process including identifying nutrient requirements and raw material optimisation. In 2023 the 
Company had feed production of 527,751 tonnes.

--- Page 17 ---
Mowi ASA  
 
13.08.2024 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 17 of 45 
 
 
 
Feed Production  
Atlantic salmon is the most farmed species of salmonid and is therefore the largest consumer of 
salmonid feed. Most of the feed used in farming of salmonids is produced close to where it is farmed.  
 
The production of feed around the world varies as there are large deviations in sea temperature. 
Norway has the greatest seasonality in production. The low season is from February to April and the 
high season is from July to October, with the mid-season in between. Production in the low season 
can be as low as only 30% of the high season’s production. Over a year, Chile has the highest relative 
feeding, measured by feed sold or fed during a month relative to the incoming biomass. Feed is 
considered a perishable product with limited opportunities to store. 
 
Atlantic salmon feed should provide proteins, energy and essential nutrients to ensure high muscle 
growth, energy metabolism and good health. Historically, the two most important ingredients in fish 
feed have been fish meal and fish oil. The use of these two marine raw materials in feed production 
has been reduced in favour of ingredients such as soy, sunflower, wheat, corn, beans, peas, poultry 
by-products (in Chile and Canada) and rapeseed oil. This substitution is mainly due to heavy 
constraints on the availability of fish meal and fish oil.  
 
Atlantic salmon have specific nutrient requirements for amino acids, fatty acids, vitamins, minerals 
and other lipid- and water-soluble components. These essential nutrients can in principle be provided 
by the range of different raw materials listed above. Fish meal and other raw materials of animal 
origin have a more complete amino acid profile and generally have a higher protein concentration 
compared to proteins of vegetable origin. As long as a fish receives the amino acid it needs it will 
grow and be healthy and the composition of its muscle protein is the same irrespective of feed protein 
source. Consequently, feeding salmon with non-marine protein sources results in a net production of 
marine fish protein.  
 
Feed and feeding strategies aim to grow a healthy fish fast at the lowest possible cost. Standard 
feeds are designed to give the lowest possible production cost rather than maximised growth. 
Premium diets are formulated to give amongst other things better growth rate and higher survival.  
Feeding control systems are used at all farms to control and optimise feeding. Feeding is monitored 
for each net pen to ensure that fish are fed to maximise growth (measured by the Relative Growth 
Index - RGI). At the same time systems ensure that feeding is stopped immediately when the 
maximum feed intake has been provided to prevent feed waste. The fastest growing fish typically 
also have the best (i.e. lowest) feed conversion ratio (FCR). 
 
Delivering feed to customers 
The Company’s feed mills are located to offer optimal logistics, taking into account both raw material 
deliveries and distribution to customers. Mowi can offer a wide range of possibilities, from bulk 
deliveries using the Company’s own vessels, to deliveries in bags either by sea or road transport. 
The Company also work with strategically located external warehouses and can combine deliveries 
and production from their mills in Norway and Scotland, to secure the best service for customers.

--- Page 18 ---
Mowi ASA  
 
13.08.2024 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 18 of 45 
 
Farming 
The Group’s farming activities are located in Norway, Scotland, Canada, Chile, Ireland, Iceland and 
the Faroe Islands. 
 
The salmon farming production cycle is about 3 years. During the first year of production eggs are 
fertilised and fish are grown to approximately 100-250 grams in a controlled freshwater environment. 
In recent years, the industry has invested in freshwater facilities that can grow the smolt larger, up 
to 1,000 grams, thus shortening the time at sea.  
 
The fish are then transported to seawater cages where they are grown to around 4-5 kg over a period 
of 12-24 months. The growth of the fish is heavily dependent on seawater temperatures, which vary 
by time of year and across regions.  
 
When they reach harvestable size, the fish are transported in specially designed wellboats to 
processing plants where they are slaughtered and gutted. Most salmon is sold gutted on ice in a box 
(GWT). 
 
The Company harvested a total amount of 474,664 GWT of Atlantic salmon in 2023.  
 
 
 
The Atlantic salmon life/production cycle 
The freshwater production cycle until smolt takes approximately 10-16 months and the seawater 
production cycle lasts around 12-24 months, giving a total cycle length of on average about 3 years, 
including fallowing. Postsmolt will normally have a longer production cycle in freshwater and a shorter 
production cycle in seawater depending on postsmolt size. In Chile, the cycle is slightly shorter as 
seawater temperatures are more optimal with fewer fluctuations. 
 
In autumn, broodstock are stripped for eggs, and ova inlay takes place between September and 
April. The producer can speed up the growth of the juveniles with light manipulation which accelerates 
the smoltification process by up to 6 months. 
 
Spring and autumn are the two main periods to release smolt in Norway. However, there are smolt 
being released in all twelve months of the year. Harvesting is spread across the year, although most

--- Page 19 ---
Mowi ASA  
 
13.08.2024 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 19 of 45 
 
harvesting takes place in the last half of the year as this is the period of best growth. During summer 
the harvesting pattern shifts to a new generation, and consequently weight dispersion between large 
and small harvested salmon is greater at this time than for the rest of the year.  
 
After a site is harvested, the location is fallowed for between 2 and 6 months before the next 
generation is put to sea at the same location. Smolts may be released in the same location with a 
two year cycle. 
 
Seawater temperatures vary considerably throughout the year in all production regions. While the 
production countries in the northern hemisphere see low temperatures at the beginning of the year 
and high temperatures in autumn varying by as much as 15ºC, the temperature in Chile is more 
stable varying between 10ºC and 14ºC. Chile and Ireland have the highest average temperature of 
11-12ºC, and the four other regions have an average temperature of about 9ºC, except for Iceland 
which has the lowest average temperature of 6ºC.  
 
As the salmon is a cold-blooded animal (ectotherm), water temperature plays an important role in 
its growth rate. The optimal temperature range for Atlantic salmon is 8-14ºC, but they thrive well 
from 4-18ºC. Temperature is one of the most important natural competitive advantages that Chile 
has compared to the other production regions as production time there has historically been shorter 
by a few months.  
 
With high seawater temperatures the risk of disease increases, and with temperatures below 0ºC, 
mass mortality becomes more likely, both of which cause the growth rate to fall. 
 
Sales & Marketing 
 
The Sales & Marketing Business Area consists of the Markets and Consumer Products operations in 
Europe, the Americas and Asia. 
 
This division contains all the Company’s downstream activities, including its steadily growing 
production of consumer-ready products.  
 
Volume of consumer products sold in 2023 was 232,169 tonnes.

--- Page 20 ---
Mowi ASA  
 
13.08.2024 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 20 of 45 
 
7. Board of directors, management and supervisory bodies 
All the persons referred to in this section – chapter 7 – can be reached at the Company’s registered 
business address, Sandviksboder 77AB, 5035 Bergen, Norway.  
 
Board of Directors: 
Name 
Position 
Ole-Eirik Lerøy 
Chair of the Board 
Lisbet K. Nærø  
Chair of the Audit Committee 
Kristian Melhuus 
Deputy Chair 
Kathrine Astrup Fredriksen 
Member of the Board 
Peder Strand 
Member of the Board 
Leif Teksum 
Member of the Board 
Kjersti Hobøl 
Member of the Board 
Eivind Kallbekken 
Employee representative 
John Olav Johansen 
Employee representative 
Marit Øvergård Utnes 
Employee representative 
 
Ole-Eirik Lerøy – Chair of the Board 
Mr. Lerøy has been a Board member of Mowi ASA since 2009. He is the Managing Director of the 
investment company Framar AS.  
 
Mr. Lerøy has extensive experience in the seafood industry: 
• 
Chair of the Board of Bergen Chamber of Commerce, 2015 - 2017 
• 
Member of the Board of the International Groundfish Forum, 2000 - 2015 
• 
Vice Chair of DNB Supervisory Board, 2006 - 2008 
• 
Chair of the Norwegian Seafood Federation (FHL), 2000 – 2006 
• 
Chair of the Board of the Norwegian Seafood Export  
• 
Council (NSEC), 1994 - 2000 
• 
CEO of Lerøy Seafood Group ASA, 1991 – 2008 
 
Mr. Lerøy is educated at the Norwegian School of Management. 
 
Number of shares held at year end: 1 501 851.  
 
Lisbet K. Nærø – Chair of the Audit Committee 
Ms. Nærø has been a Board member of Mowi ASA since 2015 and is also the Chair of the Audit 
Committee. She is the CEO of Fana Sparebank. 
 
Ms. Nærø has comprehensive experience from banking and financial services: 
• 
Member of Telenor ASA Corporate Assembly since 2019 
• 
Member of the Board of Norne Securities AS since 2019 
• 
Member of the Board of Norce Norwegian Research Center since 2019 
• 
Member of the Board of the Holberg Funds, 2012-2020 
• 
Chair of the Board of Bergen Chamber of Commerce, 2017-2019 
• 
CEO of Tide ASA, 2011 - 2014 
• 
CEO of BN Bank ASA, 2009 - 2011 
• 
CFO of SpareBank 1 SR-Bank, 2006 - 2009 
• 
CFO of Sparebanken Vest, 2003 - 2006  
• 
CFO of BNR/Fjordline ASA, 2001 – 2003

--- Page 21 ---
Mowi ASA  
 
13.08.2024 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 21 of 45 
 
Ms. Nærø holds a Master of Science of Business from the Norwegian School of Economics, a Bachelor 
of Law from the University of Bergen, MBA from the University of Central Florida and the Advanced 
Management Programme from Harvard Business School.  
 
Ms. Nærø has experience with implementing SDGs in banking. This includes green financing, 
participation in the UN Climate Neutral Now programme, the United Nations Environment Programme 
Finance Initiative and the additional Collective Commitment to Climate Action. She has additional 
expertise in information security, product development and innovation. 
 
Number of shares held at year end: 1 851.  
 
Kristian Melhuus – Deputy Chair 
Mr. Melhuus has been a Board member of Mowi ASA since January 2018. He is Partner at Sandwater. 
 
Mr. Melhuus has held various positions:  
• 
Director at Seatankers Management AS, 2016 - 2021 
• 
Investment Director of HitecVision AS, 2013 - 2016 
• 
CFO/COO of Liquid Barcodes AS , 2008 - 2013 
• 
Analyst at ABG Sundal Collier, 2006 – 2008 
 
Mr. Melhuus holds a Master of Science in Industrial Economics and Technology Management from 
the Norwegian University of Science and Technology (NTNU), and has also studied Finance, 
Derivatives and Econometrics at the University of Karlsruhe. Mr Melhuus has expertise in information 
security from his working experience and also from his educational background. 
 
Number of shares held at year end: 1 851. 
 
Kathrine Astrup Fredriksen – Member of the Board 
Ms. Fredriksen has been a Board member of Mowi ASA since 2021. She is currently employed by 
Seatankers Services, an investment company. 
 
Ms. Fredriksen serves on several boards: 
• 
Member of the Board of Avance Gas SE, since 2021  
• 
Member of the Board SFL Corporation Ltd , since 2020 
• 
Member of the Board of Norwegian Property ASA, since 2016 
 
Previous directorships include Seadrill Ltd, Frontline Ltd and Golar LNG. Ms Fredriksen is also 
responsible for the art collection for the Fredriksen Family.  
 
Ms. Fredriksen was educated at the European Business School in London and is a Norwegian citizen 
and resides in the UK. 
 
Number of shares held at year end: 619. 
 
Peder Strand - Member of the Board 
Mr. Strand has been a Board member of Mowi ASA since 2022. He is an Investment Director at 
Seatankers Management Norway AS. 
 
Mr. Strand was previously a partner in Arctic Securities AS, where he was responsible for the seafood, 
IT and healthcare sectors. Strand has previously worked in equity research for SEB Enskilda, among 
other things as the responsible analyst for seafood. Mr. Strand has expertise in information security

--- Page 22 ---
Mowi ASA  
 
13.08.2024 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 22 of 45 
 
from his working experience and studies. In addition, he has previous experience in innovation 
including developing, marketing, trialling new, redesigned or improved products.  
 
Mr. Strand has held various positions including: 
• 
Partner, corporate finance at Arctic Securities, 2014-2022  
• 
Equity research, TMT & Seafood, SEB Enskilda, 2005- 2014  
 
Mr. Strand has a Master of Science from Norwegian University of Science and Technology (NTNU). 
 
Number of shares held at year end: 619. 
 
Leif Teksum - Member of the Board 
Mr. Teksum joined the Board of Directors in 2024. He is a Norwegian economist and business leader, 
a partner and board member in Vest Corporate Advisors and chairman of the boards of Kristian 
Gerhard Jebsen Group (since 2020) and Rica Eiendom AS (since 2018). He is also a board member 
in Knutsen NYK Offshore Tankers AS (since 2017), Rieber & Søn A/S (since 2014) and Karl Ragnar 
Rimfeldt Eiendom A/S (since 2014). 
 
Mr. Teksum has 34 years’ experience in DNB, including 22 years in the group management team. 
Previous board positions include: 
• 
Yara International, Chairman of the Board (2014 – 2018) 
• 
Austevoll Seafood, Member of the Board (2014 – 2017) 
• 
Frydenbøgruppen AS, Member of the Board (2015 – 2018) 
• 
Evry AS, Member of the Board (2016 – 2019) 
• 
Rana Gruber AS, Chairman of the Board (2018 – 2020) 
• 
Nordic Trustee, Chairman of the Board (2014 – 2016) 
• 
Leonhard Nilsen & Sønner Eiendom (LNS), Chairman of the Board (2010 – 2014) 
• 
DNB Livsforsikring ASA, Member of the Board (2013 – 2015) 
 
Mr. Teksum has an MBA from the Norwegian School of Economics. 
 
Number of shares held at year end: 0. 
 
Kjersti Hobøl - Member of the Board 
Ms. Hobøl joined the Board of Directors in 2024. She has been CEO of Nille AS since 2018, and has 
considerable experience from the retail sector having previously been CEO of Kid ASA for eight years. 
She has also served as CEO of Princess Gruppen AS. She also has long experience from the financial 
sector, including 16 years’ at DNB. 
 
Ms. Hobøl has extensive board experience, including the following current board positions: 
• 
Orkla Foods Europe, Member of the Board since 2023 
• 
Elektroimportøren AS, Member of the Board since 2020 
• 
XXL Sport & Villmark, Member of the Board since 2019  
• 
Aspelin Ramm, Member of the Board since 2019 
 
Ms. Hobøl qualified as a civil economist at Norwegian Business School. 
 
Number of shares held at year end: 0. 
 
Eivind Kallbekken – Employee representative 
Mr. Kallbekken was elected to the Board of Directors as a representative of the employees in 2024. 
He has four years’ experience as a feeding station technician in Mowi ASA, Region North.

--- Page 23 ---
Mowi ASA  
 
13.08.2024 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 23 of 45 
 
Mr. Kallbekken started his job at Mowi Dorras operations centre in Region North in 2020, and before 
that has over 13 years of experience from offshore shipping in the North Sea. 
 
Number of shares held at year end: 310. 
 
John Olav Johansen – Employee representative 
Mr. Johansen was elected to the Board of Directors as a representative of the employees in 2024. 
He works for Mowi ASA as Quality Manager at Mowi Jøsnøya, Region Mid.  
 
Mr. Johansen has worked in Mowi since 1995, having started out as an Operator, becoming 
Production Manager in 2000, and managing the Ulvan processing plant from 2002 before becoming 
Quality Manager in 2013.  
 
Mr. Johansen studied Quality Management at Nordland University. 
 
Number of shares held at year end: 490. 
 
Marit Øvergård Utnes – Employee representative  
Ms. Utnes is Financial Controller at Mowi ASA, Region North.  
 
Ms. Utnes has worked in Mowi since December 2016 as Controller in Region North. Prior to that she 
held positions as Financial Controller in Aker Solutions (2013 – 2016) and as Economic Advisor in 
Sparebank 1 Nord-Norge (2016). 
 
Ms. Utnes has a Master of Science in Sustainable Management from Nord University and a Batchelor 
of Business Administration from Western Norway University of Applied Sciences 
 
Number of shares held at year end: 937. 
 
Management: 
Name 
Position 
Ivan Vindheim  
Chief Executive Officer 
Kristian Ellingsen 
Chief Financial Officer 
Catarina Martins 
Chief Technology Officer and Chief Sustainability Officer 
Øyvind Oaland 
Chief Operating Officer Farming Norway and Iceland 
Ben Hadfield 
Chief Operating Officer Farming Scotland, Ireland and Faroes 
Fernando Villarroel 
Chief Operating Officer Farming Americas 
Ola Brattvoll 
Chief Operating Officer Sales and Marketing  
Atle Kvist 
Chief Operating Officer Feed  
Kjersti Eikeseth  
Chief Human Resources Officer 
 
Ivar Vindheim – Chief Executive Officer 
Mr. Vindheim was appointed CEO in 2019. Prior to this he held the position as CFO.  
 
Mr. Vindheim has experience from various executive positions in seafood and other industries. He 
was CFO of Mowi for seven years before taking on the position of CEO. Mr. Vindheim serves as a 
Board member of Arctic Fish.  
 
Mr. Vindheim holds an MSc in Business and an MBA from the Norwegian School of Economics. He is 
also a State Authorised Public Accountant and Certified European Financial Analyst. 
 
Number of shares held at year end: 7 903.   
Number of options allotted at year end: 778 280.

--- Page 24 ---
Mowi ASA  
 
13.08.2024 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 24 of 45 
 
Kristian Ellingsen – Chief Financial Officer 
Mr. Ellingsen was appointed CFO in 2019. Prior to this he held the position of Group Accounting 
Director.  
 
Mr. Ellingsen has experience from various positions within the finance area:  
• 
Group Accounting Director at Mowi, 2015–2019  
• 
Director within auditing and advisory services at PwC, 2006–2015  
 
Mr. Ellingsen holds an MSc in Business from the Norwegian School of Economics and a BSc in 
informatics from the University of Bergen. He is also a State Authorised Public Accountant and a 
Certified Information Systems Auditor  
 
Number of shares held at year end: 1 243.   
Number of options allotted at year end: 378 140. 
 
Catarina Martins – Chief Technology Officer and Chief Sustainability Officer 
Ms. Martins was appointed Chief Sustainability Officer in 2019. As of 2020 Ms. Martins also holds the 
position as Chief Technology Officer with responsibility for Mowi's Global R&D Department. 
 
Ms. Martins has both a scientific and business background in the area of sustainability:  
• 
Group Manager Environment and Sustainability, Mowi ASA, 2013–2019  
• 
Invited senior researcher and lecturer at the University of Veterinary Medicine in Vienna, 
Austria, 2012–2013  
• 
Project leader at the Centre for Marine Sciences (CCMAR), Portugal, 2011–2013  
• 
Senior researcher at Wageningen University, The Netherlands, 2005–2011  
 
Ms. Martins has a PhD in Aquaculture from Wageningen University (The Netherlands), an MBA in 
global seafood from the Norwegian School of Economics (Norway), and an MSc in Marine Biology 
from the University of Lisbon (Portugal). Additionally, Ms. Martins has supplementary education on 
Corporate Sustainability from Harvard University (USA).  
 
Number of shares held at year end: 2 688.   
Number of options allotted at year end: 106 910.   
 
Øyvind Oaland – Chief Operating Officer Farming Norway and Iceland 
Mr. Oaland was appointed COO Farming Norway in 2020. Prior to this he held the position as Mowi’s 
Chief Technology Officer/Head of Global R&D. 
 
Mr. Oaland has held various positions within Mowi since 2000 and also holds various Board positions 
within the industry:  
• 
Chairman of the board of Arctic Fish, from 2023  
• 
Board Member of The Norwegian Seafood Federation, since 2021  
• 
Board Member of the Norwegian Seafood Research Fund (FHF), since 2019  
• 
Member of the Board of Directors at the Aquaculture Stewardship Council (ASC), 2019-2022  
• 
Chief Technology Officer at Mowi ASA, 2008–2020  
• 
Vice President Food Safety & Quality at Mowi ASA, 2005–2008  
• 
Fish Health and Quality Manager at Mowi Norway 2002–2005  
• 
Fish Health Manager at Mowi Norway, 2000–2002  
 
Mr. Oaland is an authorised veterinarian from the Norwegian School of Veterinary Science. 
 
Number of shares held at year end: 5 631.

--- Page 25 ---
Mowi ASA  
 
13.08.2024 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 25 of 45 
 
Number of options allotted at year end: 378 140.  
 
Ben Hadfield – Chief Operating Officer Farming Scotland, Ireland, the Faroes and Canada East  
Mr. Hadfield holds the position as COO Farming Scotland, Ireland, the Faroes and Canada East.  
 
Mr. Hadfield has considerable experience within farming:  
• 
Board Member of the Scottish Salmon Producers Organisation, since 2016  
• 
Board Member of the Sustainable Aquaculture Innovation Centre, 2016-2023  
• 
Managing Director of Mowi Scotland, 2016 – December 2019.  
• 
COO of Mowi's Fish Feed Business Area, 2013 –December 2019.  
• 
Technical Chair of the Scottish Salmon Producers’ organisation, 2012–2013  
• 
Production Manager at Mowi Scotland, 2007–2013  
• 
Technical & HSEQ Manager at Mowi Scotland, 2004–2007 
• 
Environmental Manager at Mowi Scotland, 2000–2004  
 
Mr. Hadfield holds a BSc in Environmental Geoscience from the University of Sheffield and an MSc in 
Pollution Control and Environmental Management from the University of Manchester 
 
Number of shares held at year end: 8 113.   
Number of options allotted at year end: 378 140. 
 
Fernando Villarroel – Chief Operating Officer Farming Americas 
Mr Villarroel has served as COO Farming Americas since 2020, prior to that Mr. Villarroel was the 
Managing Director for Mowi Chile. 
 
Mr Villarroel has extensive experience in salmon farming and finance in Chile, Canada, Scotland and 
Norway:  
• 
Managing Director of Mowi Chile, 2017-2020  
• 
Managing Director of Cermaq Canada, 2007–2017  
• 
Farming Business Controller Cermaq Group, 2005–2007  
• 
CFO Mainstream Scotland 2004  
• 
Different financial roles in Mainstream Chile from 1998 to 2003  
 
He is a Financial Auditor with a MSc from the Universidad Austral de Chile. 
 
Number of shares held at year end: 5 655.   
Number of options allotted at year end: 356 139. 
 
Ola Brattvoll – Chief Operating Officer Sales and Marketing 
Mr. Brattvoll has served as the COO of Mowi's Sales & Marketing Business Area since 2010. 
 
Mr. Brattvoll has comprehensive experience within sales and marketing:  
• 
Vice President at Hallvard Lerøy AS, 2010  
• 
Market Director at Hallvard Lerøy AS, 2008–2010  
• 
Market Director Japan at Hallvard Lerøy AS, 2006–2008  
• 
Head of the Norwegian Seafood Export Council´s Tokyo office, 2002–2006  
• 
Market Manager at the Norwegian Seafood Export Council´s head office, 1995–2002  
 
Mr. Brattvoll holds a degree in fisheries from the Norwegian College of Fishery Science, University of 
Tromsø. 
 
Number of shares held at year end: 10 474.

--- Page 26 ---
Mowi ASA  
 
13.08.2024 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 26 of 45 
 
Number of options allotted at year end: 378 140. 
 
Atle Kvist – Chief Operating Officer Feed 
Since 2020 Mr. Kvist has served as COO for Mowi Feed. Prior to this he held the position as Managing 
Director for Mowi Feed.  
 
Mr. Kvist has experience from various executive positions and is an experienced feed executive:  
• 
Managing Director Mowi Feed, 2019  
• 
Project Manager Cermaq Norway AS, setting up a greenfield salmon processing plant in 
Nordland, 2015–2019  
• 
Managing Director EWOS Norway AS, 2010–2015  
• 
Production Director EWOS Norway AS, 2008– 2010  
• 
Production Director Hansa Borg Breweries AS, 2000–2007  
• 
Managing Director Stord International AS / Atlas-Stord Norway AS, 1996–1999  
 
Mr. Kvist holds a degree from South Dakota School of Mines & Technology.   
 
Number of shares held at year end: 786.   
Number of options allotted at year end: 378 140. 
 
Kjersti Eikeseth – Chief Human Resources Officer  
Ms. Eikeseth has served as the Chief Human Resource Officer since 2024. Ms. Eikeseth replaced Ms. 
Anne Lorgen Riise as Chief HR Officer of Mowi as of 1 March 2024. 
 
Ms. Eikeseth has extensive experience from various positions within human resources in several 
industries:  
• 
HR Director Mowi RMT 2020-2024  
• 
Head of HR, Swire Seabed & Swire Blue Ocean 2015 -2020  
• 
Senior HR Advisor, Aker Solutions 2006-2015  
 
Ms. Eikeseth holds a degree in Human Resource Management from the Norwegian Business School. 
 
Number of shares held at year end: 120.   
Number of options allotted at year end: 0.  
 
Supervisory bodies  
 
Nomination Committee 
The Annual General Meeting elects the Company’s nomination committee (the “Nomination 
Committee”). The Nomination Committee consists of three members; Anne Lise E. Gryte (Chair), 
Ann Kristin Brautaset and Peder Weidemann Egseth. All members of the committee are independent 
of the Board and the Company’s executive management. In addition, Mrs Gryte and Mr Egseth are 
independent of the Company's largest shareholders. The Nomination Committee submits its 
recommendations to the Annual General Meeting regarding the election of members to the Board 
and the Nomination Committee and their respective remuneration.  
 
The general meeting has approved a set of instructions defining the responsibilities of the Nomination 
Committee. These instructions are available at Mowi.com. All shareholders are invited to propose 
candidates to the Board and the Nomination Committee through the Company’s website.

--- Page 27 ---
Mowi ASA  
 
13.08.2024 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 27 of 45 
 
Audit Committee  
The Board’s Audit Committee consists of two members: Lisbet K. Nærø (Chair) and Leif Teksum the 
“Audit Committee”. The Audit Committee meets Norwegian requirements regarding independence 
and competence.  
 
The responsibility of the Audit Committee is to monitor the Company’s financial reporting process 
and the effectiveness of its systems for internal control and risk management. The Audit Committee 
shall also keep in regular contact with the Company’s auditor regarding the auditing of the annual 
accounts and sustainability reporting and shall evaluate and oversee the auditor’s independence. The 
Audit Committee reviews ethical and compliance issues. The members of the Audit Committee are 
deemed to be independent of the Company’s major shareholders and the company's management. 
The Audit Committee reports to the Board. The Audit Committee conducted six meetings during 
2023, with 100% attendance rate from both members.  
 
Conflict of interest 
There are, to the Company’s knowledge, no potential conflicts of interest between any duties to the 
Company of the persons referred to in this section and their private interests or other duties.

--- Page 28 ---
Mowi ASA  
 
13.08.2024 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 28 of 45 
 
8. Major shareholders 
The Company’s share capital as of the date of this Base Prospectus is NOK 3,878,333,182.50 divided 
into 517,111,091 shares at a nominal value of NOK 7.5 each. The shares are registered in VPS under 
ISIN NO0003054108.   
Mowi ASA is listed on the Oslo Stock Exchange (OSE) under the ticker MOWI.  
 
The 20 largest shareholders in Mowi ASA as of 23.05.2024:  
Shareholders 
Number of Shares 
% of shares 
GEVERAN TRADING COMPANY LTD 
62 690 982,00 
12,12 % 
FOLKETRYGDFONDET 
48 096 271,00 
9,30 % 
CITIBANK, N.A. 
21 759 346,00 
4,21 % 
CLEARSTREAM BANKING S.A. 
14 183 768,00 
2,74 % 
STATE STREET BANK AND TRUST COMP 
12 045 028,00 
2,33 % 
GEVERAN TRADING CO LTD 
11 598 305,00 
2,24 % 
STATE STREET BANK AND TRUST COMP 
11 289 792,00 
2,18 % 
JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., LONDON 
9 538 561,00 
1,84 % 
SIX SIS AG 
8 823 098,00 
1,71 % 
STATE STREET BANK AND TRUST COMP 
8 226 249,00 
1,59 % 
STATE STREET BANK AND TRUST COMP 
7 493 763,00 
1,45 % 
CITIBANK, N.A. 
6 274 134,00 
1,21 % 
STATE STREET BANK AND TRUST COMP 
6 174 493,00 
1,19 % 
STATE STREET BANK AND TRUST COMP 
5 942 665,00 
1,15 % 
VPF DNB AM NORSKE AKSJER 
5 733 594,00 
1,11 % 
JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., LONDON 
5 222 307,00 
1,01 % 
VERDIPAPIRFONDET DNB NORGE 
4 954 471,00 
0,96 % 
VERDIPAPIRFONDET KLP AKSJENORGE IN 
4 702 386,00 
0,91 % 
BANK PICTET & CIE (EUROPE) AG 
4 569 351,00 
0,88 % 
STATE STREET BANK AND TRUST COMP 
4 503 630,00 
0.87 % 
20 largest shareholders total 
263 822 194,00 
51,02 % 
Other shares 
253 288 897,00 
48,98 % 
Total 
517 111 091,00 
100,00 % 
 
Mowi ASA has one class of shares.  
Any purchase or sale by the Company of its own shares will be carried out either through the Oslo 
Stock Exchange or at prices quoted on the Oslo Stock Exchange. 
All shares in the Company have equal rights and may be traded freely. Mowi also has American 
Depositary Shares (ADSs) represented by American Depositary Receipts (ADRs), traded in the US 
over-the-counter. 
Any transaction between the Company and a related party will be on arm’s length terms or, if 
relevant, will rest on a valuation obtained from an independent third party. Mowi ASA will make sure 
that major transactions with related parties are approved by the Annual General Meeting in 
accordance with the Norwegian Public Limited Liability Companies Act.  
The Board is currently authorised to set aside the pre-emption rights of existing shareholders in 
capital increases if it exercises its authority to issue new shares, cf. above. This is to simplify the 
procedure in connection with capital increases to finance further growth and/or the offering of shares 
as consideration in acquisitions where this is deemed a favourable form of settlement. Members of 
the Board and the Global Management Team have an obligation, pursuant to the Company’s Code of 
Conduct, to disclose to the Board any material interest in transactions to which the Group is a party. 
The Code of Conduct is available at Mowi.com.

--- Page 29 ---
Mowi ASA  
 
13.08.2024 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 29 of 45 
 
There are no arrangements, known to the Company, the operation of which may at a subsequent 
date result in a change of control of the Company.

--- Page 30 ---
Mowi ASA  
 
13.08.2024 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 30 of 45 
 
9. Financial information and regulatory disclosures  
The consolidated ﬁnancial statements have been prepared in accordance with International Financial 
Reporting Standards (IFRS) as adopted by the European Union (EU) and related interpretations, as 
well as the Norwegian disclosure requirements according to the Accounting Act applicable.  The 
financial statements for Mowi ASA have been prepared in accordance with the Norwegian Accounting 
Act and Generally Accepted Accounting Principles in Norway. The interim financial statements are 
prepared in accordance with International Accounting Standard 34 Interim Financial Reporting as 
issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) and as adopted by the European 
Union (EU). 
 
The financial information of Mowi is incorporated by reference. Please see the cross-reference list in 
section 12 in this Base Prospectus:  
 
Mowi ASA 
Group 
Parent 
Group 
  
2023 
2023 
Q1 2024 
  
audited 
audited 
unaudited 
Income statement 
Page 179 
Page 233 
Page 24 
Balance sheet 
Page 180 - 181 
Page 234 - 235 
Page 25 
Cash flow statement 
Page 183 
Page 237 
Page 27 
Notes 
Page 184 - 231 
Page 238 - 247 
Page 28 - 35 
Accounting principles 
Page 184 - 188 
Page 238 
Page 28 
Auditors report 
Page 249 - 255 
Page 249 - 255 
- 
 
 
2023: https://mowi.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/03/Mowi_Integrated_Annual_Report_2023.pdf  
Q1 2024: https://mowi.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/05/Quarterly-Report-Q1-2024.pdf  
 
The historical financial information for 2023 has been audited. The historical financial information 
for the interim report has not been audited. 
  
 
OTHER STATEMENTS FOR THE COMPANY 
 
Financial statements and trend information 
There is no significant change in the financial position of the Group which has occurred since the end 
of the last financial period for which either audited financial statements or interim financial 
statements have been published. Furthermore, there has been no material adverse change in the 
prospects of the Company since the date of the last published audited financial statements, and there 
is no significant change in the financial performance of the Group since the end of the last financial 
period for which financial information has been published to the date of this Base Prospectus.  
 
There are no known trends, uncertainties, demands, commitments or events that are reasonably 
likely to have a material effect on the Company’s prospects for at least the current financial year. 
 
Material contracts 
There are no material contracts that are entered into outside of the ordinary course of the Company’s 
business, which could result in any group member being under an obligation or entitlement that is 
material to the Company’s ability to meet its obligation to security holders in respect of the securities 
being issued. 
 
Legal and arbitration proceedings 
As mentioned in chapter 1, 25 January 2024 the Group received a Statement of Objections from the 
European Commission as a result of their inspections in February 2019 of several Norwegian 
producers of farmed Atlantic salmon, including Mowi. The Statement of Objections is not a final

--- Page 31 ---
Mowi ASA  
 
13.08.2024 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 31 of 45 
 
decision, but rather the Commission's preliminary view that the companies under investigation may 
have breached EU competition rules. It is the EU commission's preliminary view that the Group has 
breached EU antitrust rules by colluding to distort competition in the market for spot sales of 
Norwegian farmed Atlantic salmon in the EU. If the Group is found to have violated the EU competition 
rules, the Group may be fined up to 10% of the Group's annual worldwide turnover, which could 
have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition, and/or results of 
operations. 
 
Other than the above, there are no other governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including 
any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Company is aware), during a 
period covering the previous 12 months which may have, or have had in the recent past, significant 
effects on the Company’s and/or Group's financial position or profitability.  
 
Summary of Regulatory disclosures 
 
All of Mowi ASA’a stock exchange announcements are available on the Company’s website:  
https://mowi.com/investors/stock-exchange-filings/    
 
The below table is a summary of the information disclosed by the Company under Regulation (EU) 
596/2014 over the last 12 months which is relevant at the date of the Base Prospectus. 
ADDITIONAL REGULATED INFORMATION REQUIRED TO BE DISCLOSED UNDER THE 
LAWS OF A MEMBER STATE 
Date 
Description 
21.06.2024 Financial calendar 
20.06.2024 Update on license renewals in Canada West (British Columbia) 
31.05.2024 Mowi ASA (OSE: MOWI): 2024 Salmon Farming Industry Handbook 
30.05.2024 Mowi ASA (OSE:MOWI): Annual General Meeting held 
08.05.2024 Financial calendar 
08.05.2024 Mowi ASA (OSE: MOWI): Notice of Annual General Meeting 30 May 2024 
08.05.2024 Mowi ASA (OSE: MOWI): Quarterly dividend 
02.05.2024 Mowi ASA (OSE:MOWI): Presentation of Q1 2024 results 8 May 2024 at 08:00 
(CET) 
25.04.2024 Mowi ASA - Successful placement of new senior unsecured green bonds 
22.04.2024 Mowi ASA - Green Bond Mandate Announcement and Fixed Income Investor 
Meetings 
26.03.2024 Mowi ASA Assigned BBB+ Investment Grade Rating With a Stable Outlook From 
Nordic Credit Rating 
14.02.2024 Mowi ASA (OSE: MOWI): Quarterly dividend 
02.02.2024 Mowi ASA (OSE:MOWI): Presentation of Q4 2023 results 14 February 2024 at 
08:00 (CET) 
08.11.2023 Mowi ASA (OSE: MOWI): Quarterly dividend 
31.10.2023 Mowi ASA (OSE:MOWI): Presentation of Q3 2023 results 8 November 2023 at 
08:00 (CET) 
23.08.2023 Mowi ASA (OSE: MOWI): Quarterly dividend 
09.08.2023 Mowi ASA (OSE:MOWI): Presentation of Q2 2023 results 23 August 2023 at 
08:00 (CET) 
16.06.2023 Financial calendar 
09.06.2023 Mowi ASA (OSE: MOWI): 2023 Salmon Farming Industry Handbook 
01.06.2023 Mowi ASA (OSE:MOWI): Annual General Meeting held 
  
  
ANNUAL FINANCIAL AND AUDIT REPORTS 
Date 
Description 
20.03.2024 Mowi ASA: Integrated Annual Report 2023 
  
  
HALF YEARLY FINANCIAL REPORTS AND AUDIT REPORTS/LIMITED REVIEWS 
Date 
Description

--- Page 32 ---
Mowi ASA  
 
13.08.2024 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 32 of 45 
 
08.05.2024 Good results in a biologically challenging quarter for Mowi in Norway 
14.02.2024 Strong quarter to end another record year for Mowi 
08.11.2023 Another record-breaking quarter for Mowi 
23.08.2023 Another record-breaking quarter for Mowi 
  
  
MANDATORY NOTIFICATION OF TRADE PRIMARY INSIDERS 
Date 
Description 
20.06.2024 Mowi ASA (OSE: MOWI): Share option scheme for senior executives and 
allocation of options 2024 
27.11.2023 Mowi (OSE:MOWI): Share purchase program for employees in Mowi 
28.06.2023 Share purchase by Mowi ASA's Board members 
15.06.2023 Mowi ASA (OSE: MOWI): Share option scheme for senior executives and 
allocation of options 2023 
  
  
INSIDE INFORMATION 
Date 
Description 
18.04.2024 Mowi ASA (OSE: MOWI): Q1 2024 Trading update 
25.01.2024 Mowi ASA (OSE: MOWI): Statement of Objections from European Commission 
18.01.2024 Mowi ASA (OSE: MOWI): Q4 2023 Trading update  
18.10.2023 Mowi ASA (OSE:MOWI): Q3 2023 Trading update 
14.07.2023 Mowi ASA (OSE:MOWI): Q2 2023 Trading update 
  
  
EX DATE 
Date 
Description 
16.05.2024 Mowi ASA: Ex-dividend NOK 1.50 today 
23.02.2024 Mowi ASA: Ex-dividend NOK 1.90 today 
17.11.2023 Mowi ASA: Ex-dividend NOK 1.50 today 
01.09.2023 Mowi ASA: Ex-dividend NOK 2.00 today 
 
 
ADJUSTMENT OF INTEREST RATE 
Date 
Description 
26.04.2024 Rentefastsettelse 
29.01.2024 Rentefastsettelse 
27.10.2023 Rentefastsettelse 
27.07.2023 Rentefastsettelse 
  
  
MAJOR SHAREHOLDING NOTIFICATIONS 
Date 
Description 
05.06.2024 Disclosure of large shareholding 
06.03.2024 Disclosure of large shareholding 
06.12.2023 Disclosure of large shareholding 
06.09.2023 Disclosure of large shareholding 
07.06.2023 Disclosure of large shareholding

--- Page 33 ---
Mowi ASA  
 
13.08.2024 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 33 of 45 
 
10. Documents on display 
For the term of the Base Prospectus the following documents, where applicable, may be inspected: 
 
• 
the up to date memorandum and articles of association of the Company;  
 
 
• 
all reports, letters, and other documents, valuations and statements prepared by any 
expert at the Company’s request any part of which is included or referred to in the Base 
Prospectus. 
 
The documents may be inspected at the Company’s website: https://mowi.com/2.  
 
2 Disclaimer - the information on the website does not form part of this Base Prospectus unless information is incorporated by 
reference into the Base Prospectus

--- Page 34 ---
Mowi ASA  
 
13.08.2024 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 34 of 45 
 
11. Financial instruments that can be issued under the 
Base Prospectus 
The Base Prospectus, as approved in accordance with the EU Prospectus Regulation 2017/1129, 
allows for Bonds to be offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market situated or 
operating within any EEA country.   
This chapter describes the types of financial instruments that can be linked to this Base Prospectus. 
A 
Bond 
is 
a 
financial 
instrument 
as 
defined 
in 
Norwegian 
Securities 
Trading 
Act’s 
(Verdipapirhandellovens) § 2-2.  
 
11.1 
SECURITY TYPE 
Bonds are debt instruments issued by the Issuer pursuant to the applicable Bond Terms, including 
any Additional Bonds. 
The Bonds are electronically registered in book-entry form with the central securities depository 
(CSD).  Any restrictions on the free transferability of the securities will be specified in the Final Terms. 
 
11.2 
THE BONDS TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
 
11.2.1 Bond Terms and Legislation 
The Bond Terms will be entered into between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee. The Bond Terms 
regulates the Bondholder’s rights and obligations in relations with the issue. The Bond Trustee enters 
into the agreement on behalf of the Bondholders and is granted authority to act on behalf of the 
Bondholders to the extent provided for in the Bond Terms. 
When bonds are subscribed/purchased, the Bondholder has accepted the Bond Terms and is bound 
by the terms of the Bond Terms. The Bond Trustee is always acting with binding effect on behalf of 
all the Bondholders. 
Information regarding bondholders, bondholders’ meeting and the Bondholder’s right to vote are 
described in the applicable Bond Terms. The specific reference to the Bond Terms will be specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. Information regarding the role of the Bond Trustee will be described in 
the Bond Terms. 
The Bond Terms will be attached to the Final Terms for each Bond issue and will be available through 
the Issuer's website: www.mowi.com.  
Mowi ASA is subject to the laws of Norway, including the Public Limited Companies Act. The Bond 
Terms and the Bonds shall be governed by and construed in accordance with Norwegian law.  
 
11.2.2 Outstanding bonds 
The bond issues may either be an open bond issue or closed for increasing the outstanding amount.  
Outstanding Bonds means any Bonds not redeemed or otherwise discharged. The Initial Bond Issue 
and Maximum Issue Amount will be specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
If Maximum Issue Amount is applicable the Issuer may subsequently issue Additional Bonds on one 
or more occasions (each a “Tap Issue”) until the Nominal Amount of all Additional Bonds plus the 
Initial Bond Issue equals in aggregate the Maximum Issue Amount. The Issuer may, upon written 
confirmation from the Bond Trustee, increase the Maximum Issue Amount. Tap Issues must take

--- Page 35 ---
Mowi ASA  
 
13.08.2024 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 35 of 45 
 
place no later than five Business Days prior to the Maturity Date. 
  
 
11.2.3 Payments in respect of the Bonds 
On the Repayment Date the Issuer shall pay in respect of each Bond the Nominal Amount at a price 
equal to the Redemption Price, unless otherwise stated in the Bond Terms, to the Bondholders. The 
Repayment Date will be specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
The Issuer may have the option to early redeem the Bonds (Call). The terms for early redemption 
will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The Bondholders may also have the right to require that the Issuer purchases all or some of the 
Bonds held by that Bondholder (Put). The specific terms will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The Bonds will either be fixed rate bonds or floating rate bonds. On each Interest Payment Date the 
Issuer shall in arrears pay the accrued Interest Rate amount to the Bondholders. The specific terms 
will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Matured interest and matured principal will be credited each Bondholder directly from the CSD. 
Claims for interest and principal shall be limited in time pursuant the Norwegian Act relating to the 
Limitation Period Claims of May 18 1979 no 18, p.t. 3 years for interest rates and 10 years for 
principal. 
 
11.2.4 Bonds with fixed rate 
Bonds with a fixed interest rate shall bear interest at the percentage (%) set out in the Final Terms. 
The Outstanding Bond will accrue interest at the Interest Rate on the Nominal Amount for each 
Interest Period, commencing on and including the first date of the Interest Period, and ending on but 
excluding the last date of the Interest Period.   
Interest shall be calculated on the basis of a 360-day year comprising twelve months of 30 days each 
(30/360-days basis), unless: 
i) 
the last day in the relevant Interest Period is the 31st calendar day but the first day of 
that Interest Period is a day other than the 30th or the 31st day of a month, in which 
case the month that includes that last day shall not be shortened to a 30–day month; 
or   
ii) 
the last day of the relevant Interest Period is the last calendar day in February, in 
which case February shall not be lengthened to a 30-day month.  
The Interest Rate and the Interest Payment Dates will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
11.2.5 Bonds with floating rate 
Bonds with floating rate shall bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the Reference Rate + Margin 
as set out in the Final Terms.  
The Outstanding Bond will accrue interest at the Interest Rate on the Nominal Amount for each 
Interest Period, commencing on and including the first date of the Interest Period, and ending on but 
excluding the last date of the Interest Period. The Interest Rate shall be adjusted by the Bond Trustee 
on each Interest Quotation Date during the term of the Bonds.  
Interest shall be calculated on the basis of the actual number of days in the Interest Period in respect 
of which payment is being made divided by 360 (actual/360-days basis).  
The Interest Rate shall never be lower than zero.

--- Page 36 ---
Mowi ASA  
 
13.08.2024 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 36 of 45 
 
The Reference Rate, Margin, Interest Period and the current Interest Rate will be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms.  
 
 
 11.2.6 Use of proceeds 
The specific use of proceeds including the net proceeds from the bond issue will be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
The Issuer may issue “Green Bonds”. If so, the proceeds from the bond issue shall be used in 
accordance with the Issuer’s green bond framework that will be available through the Issuer's 
website: https://mowi.com/. The specific link will be published in the applicable Final Terms together 
with the second opinion. 
 
11.2.7 Status 
The Bonds will constitute senior debt obligations of the Issuer. The Bonds will rank pari passu 
between themselves and will rank at least pari passu with all other obligations of the Issuer (save 
for such claims which are preferred by bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or other similar laws of 
general application).  
If other statuses, it will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
11.2.8 Security 
The Bonds may either be unsecured or secured. The level of any security will be described in the 
applicable Final Terms.  
 
 
11.2.9 Approvals 
The specific Bond issues will be subject to approval by the Issuer's Board. The date of the decision 
will be stated in the Final Terms. 
The Base Prospectus has been approved by Finanstilsynet, as the competent authority in accordance 
with the EU Prospectus Regulation 2017/1129. 
The applicable Final Terms will be submitted to Finanstilsynet – prospekter@finanstilsynet.no - for 
information in connection with an application for listing of a new Bond issue or a Tap Issue in an 
already listed Bond.  
 
 
 
11.2.10 Fees, Expenses and Tax legislation 
The prospectus fee for the Base Prospectus including a template for the Final Terms is NOK 98,000. 
In addition, there will be a listing fee for listing of the Bonds in accordance with the current price list 
of the Exchange. The listing fees will be specified in the Final Terms. 
Any public fees payable in connection with the Bond Terms and fulfilling of the obligations pursuant 
to the Bond Terms shall be covered by the Issuer. The Issuer is not responsible for reimbursing any 
public fees levied on the trading of Bonds. The Issuer is responsible for withholding any withholding 
tax imposed by relevant law. 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, there is no withholding tax on bonds in Norway.  
The tax legislation of the investor’s Member State and of the Issuer’s country of incorporation may 
have an impact on the income received from the securities.

--- Page 37 ---
Mowi ASA  
 
13.08.2024 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 37 of 45 
 
11.2.11 Rating  
Mowi ASA has a long-term issuer rating of BBB+ with a Stable outlook awarded by the credit rating 
agency Nordic Credit Rating.    
NCR assigns long-term credit ratings on a scale comprising several categories ranging from 'AAA', 
reflecting the strongest credit quality, to 'D', reflecting the lowest. Rating categories from 'AA' to 'B' 
are modified by plus (+) and minus (-) where required to show their relative position within the 
rating category. 'BBB' rated entities and instruments demonstrate medium credit quality with a 
moderate default risk. 
NCR is established in the European Union and are registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 
(as amended) (the "CRA Regulation") and are on the list of registered credit rating agencies published 
on ESMA website: https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk3. A credit 
rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised or withdrawn by 
the Rating Agency at any time. 
 
11.3 
DEFINITIONS 
This section includes a summary of the definitions set out in any Bond Terms as well as certain other 
definitions relevant for the Prospectus. If these definitions at any point in time no longer represent 
the correct understanding of the definitions set out in the Bond Terms, the Bond Terms shall prevail. 
Additional Bonds: 
Means Bonds issued under a Tap Issue, including any 
Temporary Bonds.  
 
Bond Terms: 
The Bond Terms including all attachments which form an 
integrated part of the Bond Terms, in each case as amended 
and/or supplemented from time to time. 
 
The Bond Terms will be attached to the Final Terms.  
 
Bond Trustee: 
The company designated as such in the preamble to the Bond 
Terms, or any successor, acting for and on behalf of the 
Bondholders in accordance with the Bond Terms.  
 
The Bond Trustee, being Nordic Trustee AS, Postboks 1470 Vika, 
0116 Oslo. 
 
Bondholder: 
A person who is registered in the CSD as directly registered 
owner or nominee holder of a Bond, subject however to the 
Clause for Bondholders’ rights in the Bond Terms. 
 
Bondholders’ Meeting: 
Meeting of Bondholders as set forth in the Clause Bondholders’ 
Decisions in the Bond Terms. 
 
Bonds: 
Means (i) the debt instruments issued by the Issuer pursuant to 
the Bond Terms, including any Additional Bonds, and (ii) any 
 
3 Disclaimer - the information on the website does not form part of this Base Prospectus unless information is incorporated by 
reference into the Base Prospectus

--- Page 38 ---
Mowi ASA  
 
13.08.2024 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 38 of 45 
 
overdue and unpaid principal which has been issued under a 
separate ISIN in accordance with the regulations of the CSD 
from time to time. 
 
Business Day: 
A day on which both the relevant CSD settlement system is 
open, the relevant settlement system for the Bond Currency is 
open. 
 
Business Day Convention: 
Means that if the last day of any Interest Period originally falls 
on a day that is not a Business Day: 
a) If Modified Following Business Day is specified (FRN), 
the Interest Period will be extended to include the first 
following Business Day unless that day falls in the next 
calendar month, in which case the Interest Period will 
be shortened to the first preceding Business Day.  
b) If No Adjustment is specified (Fixed Rate), no 
adjustment will be made to the Interest Period. 
 
Business Day Convention will be specified in the Final Terms.  
 
Calculation Agent: 
For Bonds with a Bond Trustee, the Bond Trustee will be the 
Calculation Agent. 
 
The Calculation Agent will be specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Call: 
The Issuer may have the option to early redeem the Bonds.  
 
The terms for early redemption will be specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
 
Change of Control Event: 
Means the occurrence of an event or series of events whereby 
a person or group of persons acting in concert gaining Decisive 
Influence over the Issuer.  
 
CSD: 
The central securities depository in which the Bonds are 
registered. 
 
Unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, the following 
Securities Depository will be used: Norwegian Central Securities 
Depository: Verdipapirsentralen ASA (“VPS” or “Euronext 
Securities Oslo”), P.O. Box 1174 Sentrum, 0107 Oslo, Norway. 
 
 
Currency: 
The currency in which the Bond is denominated. 
 
Currency will be specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Day Count Convention: 
The convention for calculation of payment of interest;

--- Page 39 ---
Mowi ASA  
 
13.08.2024 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 39 of 45 
 
a) If Fixed Rate, the interest shall be calculated on the basis of 
a 360-day year comprised of twelve months of 30 days each 
(30/360-days basis), unless:  
(i) 
the last day in the relevant Interest Period is the 31st 
calendar day but the first day of that Interest Period is 
a day other than the 30th or the 31st day of a month, 
in which case the month that includes that last day shall 
not be shortened to a 30–day month; or  
(ii) the last day of the relevant Interest Period is the last 
calendar day in February, in which case February shall 
not be lengthened to a 30-day month. 
b) If FRN, the interest shall be calculated on the basis of the 
actual number of days in the Interest Period in respect of 
which payment is being made divided by 360 (actual/360-
days basis).  
 
Day Count Convention will be specified in the Final Terms.  
 
Exchange: 
Shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the 
Interpretation in the Bond Terms, setting out the exchange or 
other recognized marketplace for securities, on which the Issuer 
has, or has applied for, listing of the Bonds. 
 
The relevant Exchange, if any, will be specified in the Final 
Terms. 
 
Fixed Rate: 
Means if the Interest Rate is stated in percentage (%). 
 
FRN: 
Means if the Interest Rate is stated as Reference Rate + Margin. 
 
 
Group: 
Means the Issuer and its Subsidiaries from time to time. 
 
Interest Payment Date: 
Means the last day of each Interest Period. 
 
Interest Period: 
Means, subject to adjustment in accordance with the Business 
Day Convention, the periods set out in the Clause Interpretation 
in the Bond Terms, provided however that an Interest Period 
shall not extend beyond the Maturity Date. 
 
The Interest Period will be specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Interest Quotation Date: 
Means, in relation to any period for which Interest Rate is to be 
determined, 2 Quotation Business Days before the first day of 
the relevant Interest Period. 
 
If other Interest Quotation Date, it will be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 40 ---
Mowi ASA  
 
13.08.2024 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 40 of 45 
 
Interest Rate: 
Rate of interest applicable to the Bonds; 
a) If Fixed Rate, the Bonds shall bear interest at the percentage 
(%). 
b) If FRN, the Bonds shall bear interest at a rate per annum 
which is the aggregate of the Reference Rate for the relevant 
Interest Period plus the Margin. 
 
The Interest Rate will be specified in the Final Terms.  
 
ISIN: 
International Securities Identification Number for the Bond. 
 
ISIN will be specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Issue Date: 
The date of the Bond Issue. 
 
Issue Date will be specified in the Final Terms.  
 
Issue Price: 
The price in percentage of the Initial Nominal Amount to be paid 
by the Bondholders at the applicable Issue Date. 
 
Issue Price will be specified in the Final Terms.  
 
Issuer: 
Mowi ASA, a company existing under the laws of Norway with 
registration 
number 
964 
118 
191 
and 
LEI-code 
549300W1OGQF5LZIH349. 
 
Issuer’s Bonds: 
Means any Bonds which are owned by the Issuer or any Affiliate 
of the Issuer.   
 
LEI-code: 
Legal Entity Identifier, a unique 20-character code that 
identifies legal entities that engage in financial transactions. 
 
Listing: 
Listing of Bonds takes place on the basis of this Base 
Prospectus, any supplement(s) to this Base Prospectus and the 
applicable Final Terms. 
 
For Bonds that will be applied for listing on Oslo Børs, listing will 
take place no earlier than the day after the first Issue Date. 
Applications for admission to trading shall apply to all bonds 
belonging to the same issue.  
 
Bonds listed on Oslo Børs are freely negotiable. 
 
Manager(s):  
Manager(s) of Bond issues.  
 
The Manager(s) will be specified in the Final Terms.

--- Page 41 ---
Mowi ASA  
 
13.08.2024 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 41 of 45 
 
Margin: 
Means, if FRN, the margin of the Interest Rate. The provisions 
regarding Margin do not apply for Fixed Rate. 
 
Margin will be specified in the Final terms.  
 
Market Making:  
For bonds listed on Oslo Børs or other Exchanges, a market 
making agreement may be entered into. 
 
Agreement on market making will be stated in the Final Terms. 
 
Maturity Date:  
Means the date set out in the Clause Interpretation in the Bond 
Terms, adjusted according to the Business Day Convention. 
 
The Maturity Date will be specified in the Final Terms. 
 
NA: 
Means that the provision to which NA is designated is not 
applicable.  
 
NIBOR: 
Means for FRN, the Norwegian Interbank Offered Rate, being:  
a) 
the interest rate fixed for a period comparable to the 
relevant Interest Period published by Global Rate Set 
Systems (GRSS) at approximately 12:00 p.m. (Oslo 
time) on the Interest Quotation Day; or  
b) 
if no screen rate is available for the interest rate under 
paragraph (a) for the relevant Interest Period: 
(i) 
the linear interpolation between the two closest 
relevant interest periods, and with the same 
number of decimals, quoted under paragraph (a) 
above; or  
(ii) a rate for deposits in the Bond Currency for the 
relevant Interest Period as supplied to the Bond 
Trustee at its request quoted by a sufficient 
number of commercial banks reasonably selected 
by the Bond Trustee; or 
c) 
if the interest rate under paragraph (a) is no longer 
available, the interest rate will be set by the Bond Trustee 
in consultation with the Issuer to: 
(i) 
any relevant replacement reference rate generally 
accepted in the market; or.  
(ii) such interest rate that best reflects the interest 
rate for deposits in the Bond Currency offered for 
the relevant Interest Period. 
 
Information about the past and the future performance of the 
NIBOR and its volatility can be obtained at: https://nore-
benchmarks.com/about-nibor/nibor-data/rates/    
Access to the NIBOR rates and monthly statistics is restricted to 
authenticated users. Redistribution or commercial exploitation

--- Page 42 ---
Mowi ASA  
 
13.08.2024 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 42 of 45 
 
of the NIBOR data is prohibited. You will require a subscription 
or register for an account. 
 
If Reference Rates other than NIBOR is specified in the Final 
Terms or the definition of NIBOR is changed, then the applicable 
Reference Rate, the relevant screen page, the specified time, 
information about the and future performance and volatility of 
the Reference Rate and any fallback provisions will be specified 
in the applicable Final Terms.  
 
Nominal Amount: 
Means the nominal value of each Bond at any time, and the 
Initial Nominal Amount means the nominal value of each Bond 
on the Issue Date. The Nominal Amount may be amended 
pursuant to the Bond Terms.  
 
Initial Nominal Amount will be specified in the Final Terms.  
 
Outstanding Bonds: 
Means any Bonds not redeemed or otherwise discharged. 
 
Paying Agent: 
The legal entity appointed by the Issuer to act as its paying 
agent with respect to the Bonds in the CSD.  
 
The Paying Agent will be specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Payment Date: 
Means any Interest Payment Date or any Repayment Date.  
 
Put: 
The Bondholders may have the right to require that the Issuer 
purchases all or some of the Bonds held by that Bondholder. 
 
The specific Put terms will be specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
 
 
Redemption Price: 
The price determined as a percentage in respect of each Bond 
the Nominal Amount to which the bond issue is to be redeemed 
at the Maturity Date. 
 
Redemption Price will be specified in the Final Terms.  
 
Reference Rate: 
For FRN bonds the Reference Rate will be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. If NA is specified, Reference Rate does 
not apply. 
 
Relevant Jurisdiction: 
Means the country in which the Bonds are issued, being Norway. 
 
Repayment Date: 
Means any date for payment of instalments, payment of any 
Call, Put or the Maturity Date, or any other days of repayments 
of Bonds.  The Repayments dates will be specified in the Final 
Terms.

--- Page 43 ---
Mowi ASA  
 
13.08.2024 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 43 of 45 
 
Subsidiary: 
Means a company over which another company has Decisive 
Influence.   
 
Tap Issue: 
Shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the Clause 
Amount, denomination and ISIN of the Bonds in the Bond 
Terms. If NA is specified in respect of Maximum Issue Amount 
no Tap Issues may be made under the Bond Terms. Otherwise, 
Tap Issues shall be allowed on the terms set out in the Clause 
Amount, denomination and ISIN of the Bonds in the Bond 
Terms. 
 
Maximum Issue Amount will be specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Temporary Bonds: 
If the Bonds are listed on an Exchange and there is a 
requirement for a supplement to the Base Prospectus in order 
for the Additional Bonds to be listed together with the Bonds, 
the Additional Bonds may be issued under a separate ISIN 
which, upon the approval of the supplement, will be converted 
into the ISIN for the Bonds issued on the initial Issue Date. The 
Bond Terms governs such Temporary Bonds. The Issuer shall 
inform the Bond Trustee, the Exchange and the Paying Agent 
once such supplement is approved. 
 
 
Yield: 
Depending on the market rate for bonds with floating interest 
rates. The Yield for the applicable interest period can be 
determined when the interest rate is known. 
 
For bonds with a fixed interest rate, the Yield is determined 
based on the bond interest rate and the number of Interest 
Payment Dates. 
 
The yield is calculated in accordance with «Anbefaling til 
Konvensjoner 
for 
det 
norske 
sertifikat- 
og 
obligasjonsmarkedet» 
 
https://finansfag.no/publikasjoner/4 
prepared by Norske Finansanalytikeres Forening in March 2022. 
 
Yield will be specified in the Final Terms.  
 
11.4 
FINAL TERMS 
 
A template for the Final Terms is attached to this Base Prospectus - see appendix 1. 
 
 
4 Disclaimer - the information on the website does not form part of this Base Prospectus unless information is incorporated by reference into the Base 
Prospectus

--- Page 44 ---
Mowi ASA  
 
13.08.2024 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 44 of 45 
 
12. Cross reference list 
In section 9 of this Base Prospectus, the financial information is incorporated by reference to the 
following:  
• 
Information concerning Mowi ASA’s 2023 figures is incorporated by reference from Mowi 
ASA’s Annual Report 2023. 
• 
Information concerning Mowi ASA’s Q1 2024 figures is incorporated by reference from Mowi 
ASA’s Report Q1 2024. 
 
The financial reports are available at: 
2023: https://mowi.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/03/Mowi_Integrated_Annual_Report_2023.pdf  
Q1 2024: https://mowi.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/05/Quarterly-Report-Q1-2024.pdf

--- Page 45 ---
Mowi ASA  
 
13.08.2024 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 45 of 45 
 
13. Appendix 
 
• 
Final Terms template

--- Page 46 ---
Mowi ASA – [xx.xx.20xx] 
 
Final Terms 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Final Terms 
 
 
 
[Name of the bond] 
  
ISIN [●]

--- Page 47 ---
Mowi ASA – [xx.xx.20xx] 
 
Final Terms 
 
  
2 
 
These Final Terms have been prepared in according to Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. The Final Terms 
together with the Base Prospectus for Mowi ASA dated 13.08.2024 and any supplements to the Base 
Prospectus constitute a Prospectus for [ISIN] - [Loan name]. The Prospectus contains complete 
information about the Issuer and the Bonds. The Base Prospectus, any supplements and the Final 
Terms are/will be available on the Issuer's website: www.mowi.com

--- Page 48 ---
Mowi ASA – [xx.xx.20xx] 
 
Final Terms 
 
  
3 
 
1. SUMMARY 
 
Summaries are made up of disclosure requirements due to Article 7 in the REGULATION (EU) 2017/1129 OF 
THE EUROPEAN PARLIAMENT AND OF THE COUNCIL of 14 June 2017. 
 
A - INTRODUCTION AND WARNINGS 
Warning 
This summary should be read as introduction to the Prospectus. Any 
decision to invest in the securities should be based on consideration 
of the Prospectus as a whole by the investor. The investor could lose 
all or part of the invested capital. Where a claim relating to the 
information contained in the Prospectus is brought before a court, the 
plaintiff investor might, under the national law, have to bear the costs 
of translating the Prospectus before the legal proceedings are 
initiated. Civil liability attaches only to those persons who have tabled 
the summary including any translation thereof, but only where the 
summary is misleading, inaccurate or inconsistent, when read 
together with the other parts of the Prospectus, or where it does not 
provide, when read together with the other parts of the Prospectus, 
key information in order to aid investors when considering whether to 
invest in such securities. 
The Bonds 
ISIN: [●] – [Name] 
The Issuer 
Mowi ASA is a Norwegian public limited liability company organized 
under the laws of Norway, including the Public Limited Companies Act. 
The Company’s registration number is 964 118 191 and its LEI-code 
is 549300W1OGQF5LZIH349. 
The Offeror 
Not applicable. There is no offeror, the Base Prospectus has been 
produced in connection with listing of the securities on an Exchange. 
The Issuer is going to ask for admission to trading on a regulated 
market.  
Competent Authority 
Approving the Prospectus. 
The 
Financial 
Supervisory 
Authority 
of 
Norway 
(Norwegian: 
Finanstilsynet), with registration number 840 747 972 and registered 
address at Revierstredet 3, 0151 Oslo, Norway, and with telephone 
number +47 22 93 98 00 has reviewed and on 13.08.2024, approved 
the Base Prospectus.  
 
B - KEY INFORMATION ON THE ISSUER 
Who is the issuer of the securities? 
Corporate Information 
Mowi ASA is a Norwegian public limited liability company organized 
under the laws of Norway, including the Public Limited Companies Act. 
The Company’s registration number is 964 118 191 and its LEI-code is 
549300W1OGQF5LZIH349.  
Website: https://mowi.com/      
Principal activities 
Mowi ASA is one of the largest seafood companies in the world, and 
the world’s largest producer of Atlantic salmon. The Company offers 
seafood products to more than 70 countries, is represented in 26 
countries and employs 11 600 people. The Company has a fully 
integrated value chain from roe to plate and produces its own 
environmentally certified feed specifically designed for the Mowi 
salmon strain. Mowi is organised in three business areas: Feed, 
Farming and Sales & Marketing. 
Major Shareholders 
 
 
The 20 largest shareholders in Mowi ASA as of 23.05.2024: 
Shareholders 
Number of Shares 
% of shares 
GEVERAN TRADING COMPANY LTD 
62 690 982,00 
12,12 % 
FOLKETRYGDFONDET 
48 096 271,00 
9,30 % 
CITIBANK, N.A. 
21 759 346,00 
4,21 %

--- Page 49 ---
Mowi ASA – [xx.xx.20xx] 
 
Final Terms 
 
  
4 
 
CLEARSTREAM BANKING S.A. 
14 183 768,00 
2,74 % 
STATE STREET BANK AND TRUST COMP 
12 045 028,00 
2,33 % 
GEVERAN TRADING CO LTD 
11 598 305,00 
2,24 % 
STATE STREET BANK AND TRUST COMP 
11 289 792,00 
2,18 % 
JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., LONDON 
9 538 561,00 
1,84 % 
SIX SIS AG 
8 823 098,00 
1,71 % 
STATE STREET BANK AND TRUST COMP 
8 226 249,00 
1,59 % 
STATE STREET BANK AND TRUST COMP 
7 493 763,00 
1,45 % 
CITIBANK, N.A. 
6 274 134,00 
1,21 % 
STATE STREET BANK AND TRUST COMP 
6 174 493,00 
1,19 % 
STATE STREET BANK AND TRUST COMP 
5 942 665,00 
1,15 % 
VPF DNB AM NORSKE AKSJER 
5 733 594,00 
1,11 % 
JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., LONDON 
5 222 307,00 
1,01 % 
VERDIPAPIRFONDET DNB NORGE 
4 954 471,00 
0,96 % 
VERDIPAPIRFONDET KLP AKSJENORGE IN 
4 702 386,00 
0,91 % 
BANK PICTET & CIE (EUROPE) AG 
4 569 351,00 
0,88 % 
STATE STREET BANK AND TRUST COMP 
4 503 630,00 
0.87 % 
20 largest shareholders total 
263 822 194,00 
51,02 % 
Other shares 
253 288 897,00 
48,98 % 
Total 
517 111 091,00 
100,00 % 
Key managing directors 
 
Name 
Position 
Ivan Vindheim 
Chief Executive Officer 
Kristian Ellingsen 
Chief Financial Officer 
Catarina Martins 
Chief Technology Officer and Chief Sustainability Officer 
Øyvind Oaland 
Chief Operating Officer Farming Norway and Iceland 
Ben Hadfield 
Chief Operating Officer Farming Scotland, Ireland and Faroes 
Fernando Villerroel 
Chief Operating Officer Farming Americas 
Ola Brattvoll 
Chief Operating Officer Sales and Marketing  
Atle Kvist 
Chief Operating Officer Feed  
Kjersti Eikeseth 
Chief Human Resources Officer 
Statutory auditor  
The Company’s auditor is Ernst & Young AS, Thormøhlens gate 53 D, 
5006 Bergen, Norway. Ernst & Young AS is a member of the Norwegian 
Institute of Certified Public Accountants. 
What is the key financial information regarding the Issuer? 
 
Mowi ASA: 
Group 
Parent 
Group 
INCOME STATEMENT 
2023 
2023 
Q1 2024 
(Amounts in EUR million) 
audited 
audited 
unaudited 
Operating revenues 
5 478.3 
1 878.5 
1 327.9 
Profit for the year/period 
439.5 
224.9 
170.4 
BALANCE SHEET 
Net financial debt (long term debt plus short term 
debt minus cash) 
 
2 284.8 
1 813.5 
2 346.1 
CASH FLOW STATEMENT 
Cash flow from operating activites 
992.2 
(5.4) 
215.1 
Cash flow from investment activites 
(413.6) 
(193.8) 
(68.2) 
Cash flow from financing activities 
(458.2) 
282.8 
(285.3) 
 
 
 
What are the key risk factors that are specific to the Issuer? 
Most material key risk factors 
• 
The Group's results depend on the salmon market and salmon 
prices 
• 
The Group's farming operations are subject to biological risks

--- Page 50 ---
Mowi ASA – [xx.xx.20xx] 
 
Final Terms 
 
  
5 
 
• 
The Group's farming operations are subject to environmental risks 
• 
The Group's farming operations are subject to risks related to price, 
supply and quality of fish feed  
• 
The Group is exposed to risks related to contractors and suppliers  
• 
The Group is exposed to reputational risk  
• 
The Group’s farming operations are dependent on retaining or 
renewing licenses  
• 
The seafood industry is exposed to legal and political risk  
• 
The Group is subject to risks related to antitrust and competition 
regulations, and an ongoing antitrust investigation 
• 
The Group is exposed to risks related to changes to tax laws  
• 
The Group may not be able to refinance its liabilities as they 
become due  
• 
The Group may not be able to access new capital as required to 
enable planned growth  
• 
Fluctuations in exchange rates could negatively affect the Group  
 
 
C - KEY INFORMATION ON THE SECURITIES 
What are the main features of the securities? 
Description of the securities, 
including ISIN 
[●] 
Rights 
attached 
to 
the 
securities 
[●] 
Status 
of the bonds and 
security 
[●] 
Any restrictions on the free 
transferability of the securities 
[Not applicable – there are no restrictions on the free transferability 
of the Bonds.] / [Other: specify] 
 
 
Where will the securities be traded? 
Admission to trading 
[●] 
What are the key risks that are specific to the securities? 
Most material key risks 
• 
Credit risk - there is a risk that the Issuer fails to make the 
required payments under the bonds. 
• 
Security - unsecured bonds carry a higher risk than secured debt. 
• 
Market risk - there is a risk that the value of the Bonds will 
decrease due to the change in market conditions. 
• 
Liquidity risk - absence of a liquid market for the bonds may result 
in a loss for the bondholder. 
[●] 
 
D - KEY INFORMATION ON THE ADMISSION TO TRADING ON A REGULATED MARKED 
Under which conditions and timetable can I invest in this security? 
Terms and conditions for the 
offer 
Not applicable. The Bonds have not been subject to a public offer. 
Why is the Prospectus being produced? 
Admission to trading 
The Prospectus is produced in connection with listing of Bonds on the 
Exchange. 
Use of proceeds 
[●] 
Material conflicts of interest 
[●]

--- Page 51 ---
Mowi ASA – [xx.xx.20xx] 
 
Final Terms 
 
  
6 
 
2. INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SECURITIES 
 
 
Main terms of the Bonds: 
 
ISIN:   
 
 
[ISIN]. 
 
The Bonds/The Bond Issue:  
[Name of the bond]. 
 
Issuer: 
Mowi ASA, a company existing under the laws of Norway with 
registration number 964 118 191 and LEI-code 
549300W1OGQF5LZIH349.   
 
Security Type:  
[Unsecured/Secured] [Open] [Green] Bond Issue with 
[fixed/floating] rate.  
 
Securities Form: 
As set out in the Base Prospectus clause 11.1.  
 
Maximum Issue Amount: 
[Currency] [Maximum Issue Amount/ NA]. 
 
Initial Bond Issue  
/ [x. Tranche]:  
 
[Currency] [Initial Bond Issue / [●]. Tranche]. 
 
Outstanding Amount:  
[Currency] [Total outstanding amount]. 
 
Initial Nominal Amount: 
[Currency] [Initial Nominal Amount] – each and among themselves 
pari passu ranking. 
Nominal Amount as defined in the Base Prospectus section 11.3. 
 
Issue Price: 
[Issue Price] % (par value). 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 11.3. 
 
Issue Date: 
  
 
[Issue Date [Initial Bond Issue / [●]. tranche]]. 
 
Redemption Price: 
[Redemption Price] % 
 
 
 
 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 11.3. 
 
Maturity Date:  
 
[Maturity Date]. 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 11.3. 
 
 
Interest rate: 
 
Interest Bearing from:   
[Issue Date] / [Other: specify].    
 
Interest Rate:   
 
[FRN: Reference Rate + Margin 
As set out in the Base Prospectus clause 11.2.5 and defined in section 
11.3.] 
[Fixed Rate: [●]% p.a 
As set out in the Base Prospectus clause 11.2.4 and defined in section 
11.3.] 
 
Reference Rate: 
[FRN: NIBOR as defined in the Base Prospectus section 11.3  
/ Other: specify.]  
[Fixed Rate: NA]

--- Page 52 ---
Mowi ASA – [xx.xx.20xx] 
 
Final Terms 
 
  
7 
 
Margin:  
 
 
[FRN: [●]% p.a 
 
 
 
 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 11.3] 
[Fixed Rate: NA] 
  
Current Interest: 
 
[●]%  
  
Interest Period:  
[FRN: The period between [date], [date], [date] and [date] each 
year.]  
[Fixed Rate: [date(s)] each year] 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 11.3. 
 
Interest Payment Date: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 11.3. 
  
Interest Quotation Date:  
[FRN: As defined in the Base Prospectus section 11.3.]  
[Fixed Rate: NA]. 
 
Day Count Convention: 
[FRN: Actual/360.]  
As set out in the Base Prospectus clause 11.2.5 and defined in section 
11.3.] 
[Fixed Rate: 30/360.] 
As set out in the Base Prospectus clause 11.2.4 and defined in section 
11.3.] 
  
Business Day Convention: 
[FRN: Modified Following Business Day.]  
As set out in the Base Prospectus clause 11.2.5 and defined in section 
11.3.] 
[Fixed Rate: No Adjustment.] 
As set out in the Base Prospectus clause 11.2.4 and defined in section 
11.3.] 
 
Business Day: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 11.3. 
 
Yield:   
 
 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 11.3. 
 
[FRN: specify]  
[Fixed Rate: specify] 
 
The Bonds purpose, status, security and special conditions:  
 
Use of proceeds: 
[Insert “Use of proceeds” including net proceeds in amount] 
 
 
 
Status: 
[As set out in the Base Prospectus clause 11.2.7.] 
 
[Other: specify] 
 
Security and any  
special conditions: 
[Insert the level of the bonds “security” including any definitions 
defining the security, and any “Special conditions” including any 
definitions defining the conditions] 
 
Redemption: 
 
Maturity: 
[As set out in the Base Prospectus clause 11.2.3] 
 
[Other: specify] 
 
Redemption: 
As set out in the Base Prospectus clause 11.2.3.

--- Page 53 ---
Mowi ASA – [xx.xx.20xx] 
 
Final Terms 
 
  
8 
 
Call/Put: 
[NA] / [As set out in the Base Prospectus clause 11.2.3. and defined 
in section 11.3] 
[Terms of the Call/Put] 
 
[Other: specify] 
 
Listing: 
 
Listing/Exchange: 
[Oslo Børs.] / 
[Other: specify] 
[As defined in the Base Prospectus section 11.3.] 
 
Market Making: 
[There is no market-making agreement entered into in connection 
with the Bond issue.] /  
[Other: specify] 
[As defined in the Base Prospectus section 11.3.] 
 
Any restrictions on the free 
transferability of the Bonds: 
[There are no restrictions on the free transferability of the Bonds.] /  
[Other: specify] 
[As set out in the Base Prospectus clause 11.1. and defined under 
«Listing» in section 11.3] 
 
Other information: 
 
Approvals: 
[The Bonds were issued in accordance with the Issuers Board 
approval [date].] 
[Other: specify] 
As set out in the Base Prospectus clause 11.2.9. 
 
 
Bond Terms:  
[As set out in the Base Prospectus clause 11.2.1 and defined in 
section 11.3.] 
[The Bond Terms is attached to this Final Terms.] 
Information regarding bondholders, bondholders’ meeting and the 
Bondholder’s right to vote are described in the Bond Terms [clause 
15] / [Other: specify] 
 
Documentation: 
Availability of the Documentation: www.mowi.com   
 
Bond Trustee: 
As set out in the Base Prospectus clause 11.2.1 and defined in 11.3. 
 
Calculation Agent: 
[FRN: As defined in the Base Prospectus section 11.3] /  
[Other: specify]  
[Fixed Rate: NA] 
 
Manager(s): 
[Insert name and address of the manager]  
 
Paying Agent: 
[Insert name and address of the paying agent]. 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 11.3. 
 
 
 
CSD: 
[As defined in the Base Prospectus section 11.3.]. 
[Other: specify] 
 
Legislation under which the  
Bonds have been created/  
Relevant Jurisdiction: 
As set out in the Base Prospectus clause 11.2.1 and defined in 11.3.

--- Page 54 ---
Mowi ASA – [xx.xx.20xx] 
 
Final Terms 
 
  
9 
 
Fees, Expenses and Tax  
legislation: 
 
 
As set out in the Base Prospectus clause 11.2.10. 
  
[Specify the issuers cost in relation to the issue/listing].

--- Page 55 ---
Mowi ASA – [xx.xx.20xx] 
 
Final Terms 
 
  
10 
 
3. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 
 
Rating 
As set out in the Base Prospectus clause 11.2.11. 
 
Interests and conflicts of interest 
[The involved persons in the Issuer or offer of the Bonds have no interest, nor conflicting interests 
that are material to the Bond Issue 
/ Other:  Specify the interest including any conflicting interest in the issue.] 
 
Manager for the issuance 
Mowi ASA has mandated [Manager(s)] as Manager[s] for the issuance of the Bonds. The Manager[s] 
has acted as advisor to Mowi ASA in relation to the pricing of the Bonds.    
 
The Manager[s] and/or any of their affiliated companies and/or officers, directors and employees 
may be a market maker or hold a position in any instrument or related instrument discussed in this 
Final Terms and may perform or seek to perform financial advisory or banking services related to 
such instruments. The Manager[s] corporate finance department may act as manager or co-manager 
for this Issuer in private and/or public placement and/or resale not publicly available or commonly 
known.

--- Page 56 ---
Mowi ASA – [xx.xx.20xx] 
 
Final Terms 
 
  
11 
 
4. APPENDIX 
 
• 
Bond Terms 
• 
[Tap Issue Addendum x.Tranche ] 
• 
[any other documents if applicable or relevant]