--- Page 1 ---
Mundys S.p.A. 
(incorporated as a joint stock company in the Republic of Italy) 
€5,000,000,000  
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Under the Euro Medium Term Note Programme described in this offering circular (the “Offering Circular”) (the “Programme”), Mundys S.p.A. (“Mundys ” 
or the “Issuer”) may, from time to time, subject to compliance with all applicable laws, regulations and directives, issue medium term debt securities in either 
bearer or registered form (respectively, “Bearer Notes” and “Registered Notes” and, together, the “Notes”).  The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all 
Notes from time to time outstanding under the Programme will not exceed €5,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies). 
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers named below or any additional Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to 
time, which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis (each a “Dealer” and together, the “Dealers”).  References in this Offering Circular 
to the relevant Dealer, in the case of an issue of Notes being (or intended to be) subscribed by more than one Dealer, shall be to all Dealers agreeing to subscribe 
for such Notes. 
This Offering Circular has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland (the “Central Bank”), as competent authority under Regulation (EU) No. 2017/1129 of 
14 June 2017 (as amended, the “Prospectus Regulation”).  The Central Bank only approves this Offering Circular as meeting the standards of completeness, 
comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation.  Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of either the Issuer or the 
quality of the Notes that are the subject of this Offering Circular and investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes.  
Additionally, such approval relates only to the Notes which are to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as 
Euronext Dublin (“Euronext Dublin”) or other regulated markets for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”) or which are to be offered 
to the public in any Member State of the European Economic Area (each, a “Member State”).  Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Notes issued 
under the Programme to be admitted to the Official List and trading on its regulated market.  Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) 
payable in respect of the Notes, the issue price of the Notes and certain other information completing the terms and conditions which are applicable to each 
Tranche (as defined under “Overview of the Programme”) of Notes issued under the Programme will be set out in final terms (the “Final Terms”) which, with 
respect to Notes to be listed on Euronext Dublin, will be filed with the Central Bank.  The Issuer may also issue unlisted Notes and/or Notes not admitted to 
trading on any market. 
Where Notes issued under the Programme are listed or admitted to trading on a regulated market within the European Economic Area or offered to the public in a 
Member State of the European Economic Area in circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation, such Notes will 
not have a denomination of less than €100,000 (or, in the case of Notes that are not denominated in euro, the equivalent thereof in such other currency). 
This Offering Circular (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for 12 months from its date in relation to Notes which are to be admitted to 
trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area.  The obligation to supplement this Offering Circular in the event of a significant new factor, 
material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Offering Circular is no longer valid. 
Investing in the Notes involves certain risks.  For a discussion of these see the section entitled “Risk Factors” beginning on page 8. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”) or with any securities 
regulatory authority of any State or other jurisdiction of the United States, and the Notes may include Bearer Notes that are subject to U.S. tax law requirements.  
Subject to certain exceptions, the Notes may not be offered or sold or, in the case of Bearer Notes, delivered in the United States or to, or for the account or 
benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act (“Regulation S”) in the case of Registered Notes, or as defined in the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and regulations thereunder in the case of Bearer Notes).  See “Forms of the Notes” for a description of the manner in which 
Notes will be issued.  Registered Notes are subject to certain restrictions on transfer.  See “Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions”. 
The Programme is currently rated BB+ by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (“S&P”), BB by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited, Sede Secondaria Italiana 
(“Fitch”) and Moody’s Investors Service España, S.A. (“Moody’s”) rates the Programme Ba2.  Each of Moody’s, S&P and Fitch is established in the European 
Union and registered under Regulation (EC) No.1060/2009 (as amended) (the “CRA Regulation”) and as such is included in the list of credit rating agencies 
published by the European Securities and Markets Authority on its website (at http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-CRAs) in 
accordance with the CRA Regulation.  Accordingly, the ratings of the Programme issued by Moody’s, S&P and Fitch have been endorsed by Fitch Ratings Ltd, 
Moody’s Investors Service Limited and S&P Global Ratings UK Limited, respectively, in accordance with the Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of 
UK domestic law by virtue of European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA Regulation”) and have not been withdrawn. As such, the ratings issued by 
each of Fitch, Moody’s and S&P may be used for regulatory purposes in the United Kingdom in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. Tranches of Notes to 
be issued under the Programme will be rated or unrated.  Where a Tranche of Notes is to be rated, such rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating 
assigned to the Issuer or to Notes already issued.  Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, the applicable rating(s) will be specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
Whether or not a rating in relation to any Tranche of Notes will be treated as having been issued by a credit rating agency established in the European Union and 
registered under the CRA Regulation will be disclosed in the relevant Final Terms.  A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and 
may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency.  
Bearer Notes will be represented on issue by a temporary global note in bearer form (each a “Temporary Global Note”) or a permanent global note in bearer 
form (each a “Permanent Global Note” and, together with the Temporary Global Notes, the “Bearer Global Notes”).  Registered Notes will be represented by 
registered certificates (each a “Certificate”, which term shall include where appropriate registered certificates in global form) (“Registered Global Notes”, and 
together with the Bearer Global Notes, the “Global Notes”), one Certificate being issued in respect of each registered Noteholder’s entire holding of Registered 
Notes of one Series (as defined under “Overview of the Programme” and “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”).  Global Notes may be deposited on the Issue 
Date (as defined herein) with a common depositary or a common safekeeper (as applicable) on behalf of Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) and Clearstream 
Banking, SA (“Clearstream, Luxembourg”).  The provisions governing the exchange of interests in Global Notes for other Global Notes are described in the 
section entitled “Forms of the Notes” of this Offering Circular. 
The Issuer may agree with any Dealer that Notes may be issued in a form not contemplated by the Terms and Conditions of the Notes set out herein (the 
“Conditions”), in which event a Drawdown Prospectus (as defined below), if appropriate, will be made available which will describe the effect of the agreement 
reached in relation to the Notes. 
 
Arrangers 
BNP Paribas 
Crédit Agricole Corporate & Investment Bank 
Dealers 
BNP Paribas 
Crédit Agricole Corporate & Investment Bank 
 
The date of this Offering Circular is 16 May 2023.

--- Page 2 ---
(i) 
 
 
NOTICE TO INVESTORS 
This Offering Circular is a “base prospectus” in accordance with Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as 
amended, the “Prospectus Regulation”).  The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in 
this Offering Circular and, to the best of its knowledge, the information contained in this Offering Circular is 
in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such information. 
The Issuer having made all reasonable enquiries, confirms that this Offering Circular contains all information 
with respect to itself and its subsidiaries and affiliates taken as a whole (Mundys, together with its 
consolidated subsidiaries, the “Group”) and the Notes, which according to the particular nature of the Issuer 
and the Notes is necessary to enable investors to make an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, 
profits and losses, financial position, and the prospects of the Issuer and of any rights attaching to the Notes 
and the reasons for the issuance of any Notes and its impact on the Issuer and is (in the context of the 
Programme and the issue, offering and sale of the Notes) material, that the statements contained in it are in 
every material particular true and accurate and not misleading, that the opinions and intentions expressed in 
this Offering Circular are honestly held, have been reached after considering all relevant circumstances and 
are based on reasonable assumptions, that there are no other facts, the omission of which would, in the context 
of the issue and offering of the Notes, make any statement in this Offering Circular misleading in any material 
respect and that all reasonable enquiries have been made by the Issuer to ascertain such facts and to verify the 
accuracy of all such information and statements. 
This Offering Circular is to be read and construed in conjunction with any supplements hereto and with all 
documents which are deemed to be incorporated herein by reference and, in relation to any Tranche of Notes, 
should be read and construed together with the applicable Final Terms.  See “Incorporation by Reference” 
below.  This Offering Circular shall, save as specified herein, be read and construed on the basis that such 
documents are so incorporated and form part of this Offering Circular. 
Neither this Offering Circular nor any Final Terms constitutes an offer or an invitation to subscribe for or 
purchase any Notes and should not be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer, the Arrangers, the 
Dealers or any other member of their group or BNY Mellon Corporate Trustee Services Limited (the 
“Trustee”) that any recipient of the Offering Circular or any Final Terms should subscribe for or purchase any 
Notes.  Each recipient shall be taken to have made its own investigation and appraisal of the financial 
condition of the Issuer and the Group. 
No representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility or liability is 
accepted by the Arrangers, the Dealers or any of their respective affiliates or the Trustee as to the accuracy or 
completeness of this Offering Circular or any further information supplied in connection with the Programme 
or the Notes or their distribution.  None of the Arrangers, the Dealers or any of their respective affiliates or the 
Trustee accepts any liability in relation to the contents of this Offering Circular or any document incorporated 
by reference in this Offering Circular or the distribution of any such document or with regard to any other 
information supplied by, or on behalf of, the Issuer.  Each investor contemplating purchasing Notes must 
make its own independent investigation of the financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the 
creditworthiness, of the Issuer and the Group. 
Furthermore, with respect to Notes described as “Step Up Notes”, none of the Arrangers, the Dealers, the 
Trustee or any of their respective affiliates will verify or monitor whether such Notes satisfy investors’ 
requirements or standards for investment in assets with sustainability characteristics or the consistency of the 
Scope 1 and 2 Emissions or Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Percentage Threshold, with the investment requirements 
and expectations of any potential investor in such Notes. 
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuer to give any information or to make any representation not 
contained in or not consistent with this Offering Circular or any other information supplied in connection with 
the Programme or the Notes and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon 
as having been authorised by any of the Issuer, the Arrangers, the Dealers or the Trustee or any of their 
respective affiliates. 
Neither the delivery of this Offering Circular, nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes shall in any 
circumstances create any implication that, since the date of this Offering Circular or the date upon which it has 
been most recently amended or supplemented, there has not been any change, or any development or event,

--- Page 3 ---
(ii) 
 
 
which is materially adverse to the condition (financial or otherwise), prospects, results of operations or general 
affairs of the Issuer or the Group.  The Arrangers, the Dealers and the Trustee expressly do not undertake to 
review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer or the Group during the life of the Programme or to 
advise any investor in the Notes of any information coming to their attention.  Investors should review, inter 
alia, the most recently published financial statements of the Issuer when deciding whether or not to purchase 
any Notes. 
The distribution of this Offering Circular and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted by law in certain 
jurisdictions.  None of the Issuer, the Arrangers, the Dealers or the Trustee represents that this Offering 
Circular may be lawfully distributed, or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any 
applicable registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available 
thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering.  In particular, no 
action has been taken by any of the Issuer, the Arrangers, the Dealers or the Trustee which would permit a 
public offering of any Notes or distribution of this Offering Circular in any jurisdiction where action for that 
purpose is required.  Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this 
Offering Circular nor any advertisement or other offering material may be distributed or published in any 
jurisdiction, except in circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations, 
and the Dealers have represented that all offers and sales by them will be made on the same terms.  Persons 
who obtain this Offering Circular or any Notes must inform themselves about and observe any such 
restrictions.  In particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of this Offering Circular and the offer or 
sale of Notes in the United States, the European Economic Area (including Italy), the United Kingdom, 
Canada, Japan Switzerland, Hong Kong and Singapore.  For a description of these and certain further 
restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes and distribution of this Offering Circular, see “Subscription and 
Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions”. 
This Offering Circular has been prepared by the Issuer for use in connection with the offer and sale of Notes 
in reliance upon Regulation S outside the United States to non-U.S. persons or in transactions otherwise 
exempt from registration.  Its use for any other purpose in the United States is not authorised.  It may not be 
copied or reproduced in whole or in part nor may it be distributed or any of its contents disclosed to anyone 
other than the prospective investors to whom it is originally submitted. 
MiFID II product governance / target market – The Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may 
be, in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled “MiFID II Product Governance” which will outline 
the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are 
appropriate.  Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should 
take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible 
for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  A determination will be made in 
relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID II Product Governance rules under EU 
Delegated Directive 2017/593, as amended (the “MiFID II Product Governance Rules”), any Dealer 
subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor 
the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID II 
Product Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR product governance / target market – The Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case 
may be, in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” which will 
outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes 
are appropriate.  Any distributor (as defined above) should take into consideration the target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its 
own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  A determination will be made in relation to 
each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules, any Dealer 
subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arrangers nor 
the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules.

--- Page 4 ---
(iii) 
 
 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”).  For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who 
is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, as amended (the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II.  
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014, as amended (the 
“PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors 
in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available 
to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPS Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”).  For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/565 as it forms part of 
UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended, the “EUWA”), or (ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended, the “FSMA”) 
and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA, as amended by the Markets in 
Financial Instruments (Amendment) (EU Exit) Regulations 2018.  Consequently no key information 
document required by the PRIIPS Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the 
“UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
Product Classification Pursuant to Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289 of 
Singapore) – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled “Singapore Securities 
and Futures Act Product Classification” which will state the product classification of the Notes pursuant to 
section 309B(1) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289 of Singapore) (the “SFA”).  The Issuer will 
make a determination in relation to each issue about the classification of the Notes being offered for the 
purposes of section 309B(1)(a).  Any such legend included on the relevant Final Terms will constitute notice 
to “relevant persons” for the purposes of section 309B(1)(c) of the SFA. 
EU BENCHMARKS REGULATION – Amounts payable under the floating rate notes issued under the 
Programme may be calculated by reference to the Euro Interbank Offered Rate (“EURIBOR”), if so specified 
in the relevant Final Terms.  As at the date of this Offering Circular, EURIBOR is provided and administered 
by the European Money Markets Institute (“EMMI”).  At the date of this Offering Circular, EMMI is 
authorised as a benchmark administrator, and included on the register of administrators and benchmarks 
established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA”) pursuant to 
article 36 of the Benchmark Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011), as amended (the “BMR”). 
The Notes have not been approved or disapproved by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, any 
State securities commission in the United States or any other U.S. regulatory authority nor have any of the 
foregoing authorities passed upon or endorsed the merits of the offering of the Notes or the accuracy or the 
adequacy of this Offering Circular.  Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offence in the 
United States. 
The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding at any one time under the Programme will not 
exceed €5,000,000,000 and, for this purpose, any Notes denominated in another currency shall be translated 
into Euro at the date of the agreement to issue such Notes, calculated in accordance with the provisions of the 
Dealer Agreement (as defined below).  The maximum aggregate principal amount of the Notes which may be 
outstanding at any one time under the Programme may be increased from time to time, subject to compliance 
with the relevant provisions of the Dealer Agreement and applicable laws and regulations in force from time 
to time. 
The language of this Offering Circular is English.  Certain legislative references and technical terms have 
been cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them under 
applicable law.

--- Page 5 ---
(iv) 
 
 
 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
All statements other than statements of historical fact included in this Offering Circular regarding the Group’s 
business financial condition, results of operations and certain of the Group’s plans, objectives, assumptions, 
expectations or beliefs with respect to these items and statements regarding other future events or prospects 
are forward-looking statements.  These statements include, without limitation, those concerning:  the Group’s 
strategy and the Group’s ability to achieve it; expectations regarding revenues, profitability and growth; plans 
for the launch of new services; the Group’s possible or assumed future results of operations; research and 
development, capex and investment plans; adequacy of capital; and financing plans.  The words “aim”, 
“may”, “will”, “expect”, “anticipate”, “believe”, “future”, “continue”, “help”, “estimate”, “plan”, “intend”, 
“should”, “could”, “would”, “shall” or the negative or other variations thereof as well as other statements 
regarding matters that are not historical fact, are or may constitute forward-looking statements.  In addition, 
this Offering Circular includes forward-looking statements relating to the Group’s potential exposure to 
various types of market risks, such as foreign exchange rate risk, interest rate risks and other risks related to 
financial assets and liabilities.  These forward-looking statements have been based on the Group’s 
management’s current view with respect to future events and financial performance.  These views reflect the 
best judgment of the Group’s management but involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause 
actual results to differ materially from those predicted in such forward-looking statements and from past 
results, performance or achievements.  Although the Group believes that the estimates reflected in the 
forward-looking statements are reasonable, such estimates may prove to be incorrect.  By their nature, 
forward-looking statements involve risk and uncertainty because they relate to events and depend on 
circumstances that will occur in the future.  There are a number of factors that could cause actual results and 
developments to differ materially from those expressed or implied by these forward-thinking statements.  
Prospective investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements.  Neither 
the Issuer nor the Group undertakes any obligation to republish revised forward-looking statements to reflect 
events or circumstances after the date hereof.  Prospective purchasers are also urged carefully to review and 
consider the various disclosures made by the Issuer and the Group in this Offering Circular which attempt to 
advise interested parties of the factors that affect the Issuer, the Group and their business, including the 
disclosures made under “Risk Factors” and “Business Description of the Group”. 
The Issuer does not intend to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new 
information, future events or otherwise.  All subsequent written or oral forward-looking statements 
attributable to the Issuer or persons acting on its behalf, are expressly qualified in their entirety by the 
cautionary statements contained throughout this Offering Circular.  As a result of these risks, uncertainties and 
assumptions, investors should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements as a prediction of 
actual results or otherwise.

--- Page 6 ---
(v) 
 
 
SUPPLEMENTS AND DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUSES 
The Issuer has given an undertaking to the Dealers that, if at any time during the duration of the Programme 
there is a significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating to the information contained in this 
Offering Circular which is capable of affecting the assessment of the Notes, it shall prepare a supplement to 
this Offering Circular or publish a replacement Offering Circular for use in connection with any subsequent 
offering of the Notes and shall supply to each Dealer any number of copies of such supplement as a Dealer 
may reasonably request. 
In addition, the Issuer may agree with any Dealer to issue Notes in a form not contemplated in the section of 
this Offering Circular entitled “Form of Final Terms”.  To the extent that the information relating to that 
Tranche of Notes constitutes a significant new factor in relation to the information contained in this Offering 
Circular, and a supplement is not prepared in accordance with the previous paragraph, a separate prospectus 
specific to such Tranche (a “Drawdown Prospectus”) will be made available and will contain such 
information.  Each Drawdown Prospectus will be constituted either (1) by a single document containing the 
necessary information relating to the Issuer and the Group and the relevant Notes or (2) pursuant to Article 6.3 
of the Prospectus Regulation, by a registration document containing the necessary information relating to the 
Issuer and the Group, a securities note containing the necessary information relating to the relevant Notes and, 
if necessary, a summary note.  In the case of a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown 
Prospectus, references in this Offering Circular to information specified or identified in the Final Terms shall 
(unless the context requires otherwise) be read and construed as information specified or identified in the 
relevant Drawdown Prospectus. 
INFORMATION RELATING TO STEP UP NOTES 
The Issuer may also issue Notes which are categorised as Step Up Notes under the Programme. Unlike so-
called “green bonds”, Step Up Notes are not intended by the Issuer to be applied for the purposes of financing 
and/or refinancing, in whole or in part, “sustainable” or other equivalently-labelled projects but will be used 
for general corporate purposes. In such circumstances, prospective investors should have regard to the 
information set out under, or referred to in, Condition 5(k) (Step Up Option) and must determine for 
themselves the relevance of such information, together with any other investigation such investors deem 
necessary, for the purpose of any investment in such Notes and its suitability also in light of their own 
circumstances. No representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made by the Dealers or the 
Trustee or any of their respective affiliates as to the suitability of such Notes to fulfil environmental or 
sustainability criteria required by prospective investors. 
The Issuer has published a “Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework” in November 2022, in accordance 
with, among others, the 2020 Sustainability-Linked Bond Principles published by the ICMA and the 2022 
Sustainability-Linked Loan Principals published by the LMA (the “Sustainability-Linked Financing 
Framework”). 
Sustainalytics has reviewed the Issuer’s Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework and issued a second 
party opinion on 9 November 2022 (the “Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework Second-party 
Opinion”). The Issuer’s Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework and the related Sustainability-Linked 
Financing Framework Second-party Opinion are available on the Issuer’s website within the sustainable 
finance section: https://www.mundys.com/en/sustainability-linked-financing-framework-2022. 
In addition, in connection with the issue of Step Up Notes, the Issuer will engage an Assurance Provider to 
carry out the relevant assessments required for the purposes of providing an Assurance Report in relation to 
the Notes pursuant to Condition 5(k) (Step Up Option). Also such documents will be accessible through the 
Issuer’s website (in the same section in which the related Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework 
Second-party Opinion is available). However, any information on, or accessible through, the Issuer’s website 
and the information in such opinions or report or any past or future Assurance Report is not part of this 
Offering Circular and should not be relied upon in connection with making any investment decision with 
respect to any Notes issued under the Programme. 
Prospective investors must determine for themselves the suitability, reliability and relevance of any such 
frameworks, opinions, reports, sustainability ratings, certifications (such as the Sustainability-Linked 
Financing Framework Second-party Opinion) and/or the information contained therein and/or the provider of

--- Page 7 ---
(vi) 
 
 
any such document for the purpose of any investment in Step Up Notes. Currently, the providers of such 
opinions, reports, certifications and sustainability ratings are not subject to any specific regulatory or other 
regime or oversight. 
In addition, no assurance or representation is given by the Issuer, the Dealers, the Trustee or any of their 
affiliates, as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any opinion, report, certification or 
sustainability rating of any third party in connection with the offering of Step Up Notes under the Programme. 
Any such opinion, report, certification or sustainability rating and any other document related thereto 
(including, without limitation, the Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework) is not, nor shall it be deemed 
to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Offering Circular. 
Furthermore, in the event that any such Notes are listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated “green”, 
“environmental”, “sustainable” or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or securities 
market (whether or not regulated), no representation or assurance is given by the Issuer, the Dealers, the 
Trustee or any of their affiliates that such listing or admission satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any 
present or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with 
which such investor or its investments are required to comply. Furthermore, it should be noted that the criteria 
for any such listings or admission to trading may vary from one stock exchange or securities market to 
another. Nor is any representation or assurance given or made by the Issuer or any other person that any such 
listing or admission to trading will be obtained in respect of any such Notes or, if obtained, that any such 
listing or admission to trading will be maintained during the life of the Notes. 
See also the Risk Factors headed “Step Up Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors seeking 
exposure to assets with sustainability characteristics”, “Step Up Notes include certain triggers linked to 
sustainability key performance indicators” and “Failure to meet the relevant sustainability targets may have a 
material impact on the market price of the Step Up Notes and could expose the Group to reputational risks” 
below. 
THE NOTES MAY NOT BE A SUITABLE INVESTMENT FOR ALL INVESTORS 
Each potential investor in the Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in the light of its own 
circumstances.  In particular, each potential investor in the Notes should: 
(i) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits 
and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in this 
Offering Circular or any applicable supplement; 
(ii) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its 
overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, 
including where the currency for principal, premium or interest payments is different from the 
potential investor’s currency; 
(iv) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of financial markets; 
(v) 
consider all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, including Notes with principal, premium or 
interest payable in one or more currencies, or where the currency for principal, premium or interest 
payments is different from the potential investor’s currency; and 
(vi) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for 
economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the 
applicable risks. 
Some Notes are complex financial instruments.  Sophisticated institutional investors generally do not purchase 
complex financial instruments as stand-alone investments.  They purchase complex financial instruments as a 
way to reduce risk or enhance yield with an understood, measured, appropriate addition of risk to their overall 
portfolios.  A potential investor should not invest in Notes which are complex financial instruments unless it 
has the expertise (either alone or with a financial adviser) to evaluate how the Notes will perform under

--- Page 8 ---
(vii) 
 
 
changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value of the Notes and the impact this investment will have 
on the potential investor’s overall investment portfolio.  In making an investment decision, investors must rely 
on their own independent examination of the Issuer and the terms of the Notes being offered, including the 
merits and risks involved.  None of the Arrangers, the Dealers or the Issuer makes any representation to any 
investor in the Notes regarding the legality of its investment under any applicable laws.  Any investor in the 
Notes should be able to bear the economic risk of an investment in the Notes for an indefinite period of time. 
LEGAL INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS MAY RESTRICT CERTAIN INVESTMENTS 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review or 
regulation by certain authorities.  Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine 
whether and to what extent (i) Notes are legal investments for it, (ii) Notes can be used as collateral for 
various types of borrowing and (iii) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes.  Financial 
institutions should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate 
treatment of Notes under any applicable risk based capital or similar rules. 
USE OF WEBSITES 
In this Offering Circular, references to websites are included for information purposes only.  The contents of 
any websites (except for the documents or portions thereof incorporated by reference into this Offering 
Circular to the extent set out on any such website) referenced in this Offering Circular do not form part of this 
Offering Circular unless that information is incorporated by reference into this Offering Circular. 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue and distribution of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer(s) (if any) disclosed as the 
stabilising manager(s) in the applicable Final Terms (or any person acting on its or their behalf) may 
over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes of a Series (as 
defined below) of which such Tranche forms part at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail for 
a limited period.  However, there is no assurance that stabilisation may necessarily occur.  Any stabilisation 
action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the 
relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the 
earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the 
allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes.  All such transactions will be carried out in accordance with all 
applicable laws and regulations.

--- Page 9 ---
(viii) 
 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Page 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME ............................................................................................................... 1 
RISK FACTORS .................................................................................................................................................. 8 
INCORPORATION BY REFERENCE ............................................................................................................. 45 
PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL AND OTHER DATA .............................................................................. 46 
USE OF PROCEEDS ......................................................................................................................................... 49 
THE ISSUER ..................................................................................................................................................... 51 
BUSINESS DESCRIPTION OF THE GROUP ................................................................................................. 53 
MANAGEMENT ............................................................................................................................................... 86 
SHAREHOLDERS............................................................................................................................................. 92 
FORMS OF THE NOTES .................................................................................................................................. 93 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ............................................................................................... 98 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS .............................................................................................................................. 146 
BOOK-ENTRY CLEARANCE PROCEDURES ............................................................................................ 159 
TAXATION ..................................................................................................................................................... 161 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS .................................. 171 
GENERAL INFORMATION .......................................................................................................................... 176

--- Page 10 ---
1 
 
 
 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME  
This section is a general description of the Programme as provided under Article 25(1)(b) of Commission 
Delegated Regulation (EU) 219/980.  The following description does not purport to be complete and is taken 
from, and is qualified in its entirety by, the remainder of this Offering Circular and, in relation to the terms 
and conditions of any particular Tranche of Notes, the applicable Final Terms.  Words and expressions 
defined or used in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” below shall have the same meanings in this summary.  
The Issuer may agree with any Dealer that Notes may be issued in a form other than that contemplated in 
“Terms and Conditions of the Notes” herein, in which event a Drawdown Prospectus (as defined above) will 
be published. 
Issuer ..................................................... 
Mundys S.p.A. 
Issuer’s Legal Entity Identifier .......... 
8156008DEC771409C487 
Description ........................................... 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme. 
Size ........................................................ 
Up to €5,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies at the 
date of issue) aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding at 
any one time. The Issuer may increase the amount of the 
Programme in accordance with the terms of the Dealer Agreement. 
Arrangers ............................................. 
BNP Paribas 
 
Crédit Agricole Corporate & Investment Bank 
Dealers .................................................. 
BNP Paribas 
 
Crédit Agricole Corporate & Investment Bank 
 
The Issuer may from time to time terminate the appointment of any 
Dealer under the Programme or appoint additional Dealers either in 
respect of one or more Tranches or in respect of the whole 
Programme.  References in this Offering Circular to “Permanent 
Dealers” are to the persons listed above as Dealers and to such 
additional persons that are appointed as dealers in respect of the 
whole Programme (and whose appointment has not been 
terminated) and references to “Dealers” are to all Permanent 
Dealers and all persons appointed as a dealer in respect of one or 
more Tranches. 
Trustee .................................................. 
BNY Mellon Corporate Trustee Services Limited. 
Issuing and Principal Paying Agent ... 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch. 
Paying Agent and Transfer Agent ..... 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch. 
Registrar ............................................... 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch 
Method of Issue .................................... 
Notes may be issued on a syndicated or a non-syndicated basis.  
The Notes will be issued in series (each a “Series”) having one or 
more issue dates and on terms otherwise identical (or identical 
other than in respect of the first payment of interest), the Notes of 
each Series being intended to be interchangeable with all other 
Notes of that Series.  Each Series may be issued in tranches (each a 
“Tranche”) on the same or different issue dates.  Each Tranche 
will be issued on the terms set out herein under the Conditions as 
completed by the relevant Final Terms. 
Currencies ............................................ 
Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, such 
currencies as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer, including, without limitation, euro, Sterling, United States 
dollars and Japanese yen.

--- Page 11 ---
2 
 
 
 
 
Certain Restrictions............................. 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of which 
particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting 
requirements apply will only be issued in circumstances which 
comply with such laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or 
reporting requirements from time to time.  See “Subscription and 
Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions”. 
Maturities ............................................. 
The Notes will have such maturities as may be agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer, subject to such minimum or 
maximum maturities as may be allowed or required from time to 
time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws 
or regulations applicable to the Issuer or the relevant Specified 
Currency. 
Issue Price ............................................ 
Notes may be issued on a fully paid basis and at an issue price 
which is at par or at a discount to, or premium over, par. 
Forms of the Notes ............................... 
The Notes will be issued in bearer or registered form as described 
in “Forms of the Notes”.  Registered Notes will not be 
exchangeable for Bearer Notes and vice versa.  No single Series or 
Tranche may comprise both Bearer Notes and Registered Notes. 
 
Each Tranche of Bearer Notes will initially be in the form of either 
a Temporary Global Note or a Permanent Global Note, in each case 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  Each Bearer Global 
Note which is not intended to be issued in new global note form (a 
“Classic Global Note” or “CGN”), as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, will be deposited on or around the relevant issue date 
with a depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing 
system and each Bearer Global Note which is intended to be issued 
in new global note form (a “New Global Note” or “NGN”), as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, will be deposited on or 
around the relevant issue date with a common safekeeper for 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg.  Each Temporary 
Global Note will be exchangeable for a Permanent Global Note or, 
if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, for Definitive Notes.  
If TEFRA D (as defined below) is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as applicable, certification as to non-U.S. beneficial 
ownership will be a condition precedent to any exchange of an 
interest in a Temporary Global Note or receipt of any payment of 
interest in respect of a Temporary Global Note.  Each Permanent 
Global Note will be exchangeable for Definitive Notes in 
accordance 
with 
its 
terms. 
 
Definitive 
Notes 
will, 
if 
interest-bearing, have Coupons attached and, if appropriate, a 
Talon for further Coupons. 
 
Each Tranche of Registered Notes will be represented by individual 
certificates or one or more Registered Global Notes, in each case as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
 
Each Note represented by a Registered Global Note will either be:  
(a) in the case of a Registered Global Note which is not to be held 
under the new safekeeping structure (“New Safekeeping 
Structure” or “NSS”), registered in the name of a common 
depositary (or its nominee) for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and the 
relevant Registered Global Note will be deposited on or about the 
issue date with the common depositary; or (b) in the case of a

--- Page 12 ---
3 
 
 
 
 
Registered Global Note to be held under the New Safekeeping 
Structure, registered in the name of a common safekeeper (or its 
nominee) for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and the 
relevant Registered Global Note will be deposited on or about the 
issue date with the common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Clearing Systems ................................. 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, Euroclear and, in relation to any 
Tranche, such other clearing system as may be agreed between the 
Issuer, the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent and the relevant 
Dealer. 
Fixed Rate Notes .................................. 
Fixed interest will be payable on the date or dates specified in the 
applicable Final Terms and on redemption, and will be calculated 
on the basis of such Day Count Fraction as the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer may agree. 
Floating Rate Notes ............................. 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest, as determined separately for 
each Series, either: 
(i) at a rate determined on the same basis as the floating rate under 
a notional interest rate swap transaction in the relevant specified 
currency governed by an agreement incorporating (a) the 2006 
ISDA Definitions (as published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc. (“ISDA”) and as amended and 
updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes of the 
relevant Series) or (b) if “ISDA 2021 Definitions” are specified as 
being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the latest version of 
ISDA 2021 Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions, including each 
Matrix (as defined therein) (and any successor thereto), each as 
published by ISDA (or any successor) on its website 
(http://www.isda.org), on the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the 
Notes of the relevant Series; 
(ii) on the basis of a reference rate appearing on the agreed screen 
page of a commercial quotation service; or  
(iii) on such other basis as may be agreed between the Issuer and 
the relevant Dealer(s) (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms). 
 
The Margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be specified 
in the applicable Final Terms.  
Other provisions in relation to 
Floating Rate Notes ............................. 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a 
minimum interest rate or both. 
 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Interest Period, 
as selected prior to issue by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, will 
be payable on the Interest Payment Dates specified in, or 
determined pursuant to, the applicable Final Terms and will be 
calculated on the basis of the Day Count Fraction so specified. 
 
The length of the interest periods for the Notes and the applicable 
interest rate or its method of calculation may differ from time to 
time or be constant for any Series. 
 
The use of interest accrual periods permits the Notes to bear 
interest at different rates in the same interest period.  All such 
information will be set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
Zero Coupon Notes .............................. 
Zero Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a discount to their 
nominal amount and will not bear interest.

--- Page 13 ---
4 
 
 
 
 
Step Up Notes ....................................... 
Fixed Rate Notes and Floating Rate Notes may be subject to a Step 
Up Option if the applicable Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus, 
as the case may be, indicate that the Step Up Option is applicable.  
The Rate of Interest for Step Up Notes will be subject to 
adjustment in the event of a Step Up Event. See Condition 5 (k) 
(Step Up Option). 
Benchmark Discontinuation ............... 
On the occurrence of a Benchmark Event, the Issuer may (subject 
to certain conditions and following consultation with an 
Independent Adviser) determine a Successor Rate, failing which an 
Alternative Rate and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread, if any, 
and any Benchmark Amendments (each term as defined in the 
Conditions) in accordance with Condition 5(j) of the Conditions. 
Redemption for Taxation Reasons ..... 
The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, 
but not in part, at any time, upon giving not less than thirty (30) nor 
more than sixty (60) days’ irrevocable notice to the Trustee and the 
Noteholders if the Issuer will become obliged to pay additional 
amounts as described under Condition 8 (Taxation) and conditions 
are met.  See “Terms and Conditions of the Notes — Redemption, 
Purchase and Options — Redemption for Taxation Reasons”. 
Call Option ........................................... 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate either that the Notes 
cannot be redeemed prior to their stated maturity (other than for 
taxation reasons or following an Event of Default) or that such 
Notes will be redeemable at the option of the Issuer and/or the 
Noteholders upon giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ 
irrevocable notice (or such other notice period (if any) as is 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms) to the Noteholders or the 
Issuer, as the case may be, on a date or dates specified prior to such 
stated maturity and at a price or prices and on such terms as are 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms.  See “Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes — Redemption, Purchase and Options — 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer and Exercise of Issuer’s 
Options”. 
Clean-up Call Option .......................... 
If Clean-Up Call Option is specified as being applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, in the event that at least 80 per cent. of the 
initial aggregate principal amount of the Notes has been purchased 
and cancelled by the Issuer, the Issuer may, subject to the 
provisions of the relevant Conditions and having given not less 
than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Noteholders, redeem 
all, but not some only, of the relevant Notes at their principal 
amount together with interest accrued to, but excluding, the date 
fixed for redemption.  See “Terms and Conditions of the Notes — 
Redemption, Purchase and Options — Clean-up Call Option”. 
Issuer Maturity par Call Option ........ 
If Issuer Maturity par Call Option is specified as being applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, at any time during 
the period starting three months prior to (but excluding) the 
relevant Maturity Date, subject to the provisions of the relevant 
Conditions and having given not less than 30 nor more than 
60 days’ notice to the Noteholders, redeem all, but not some only, 
of the relevant Notes at their principal amount together with 
interest accrued to, but excluding, the date fixed for redemption.  
See “Terms and Conditions of the Notes — Redemption, Purchase 
and Options — Issuer Maturity Par Call Option”. 
Noteholders’ Put Option ..................... 
In addition to any put option indicated in the applicable Final

--- Page 14 ---
5 
 
 
 
 
Terms, and only for as long as there are Notes outstanding, Notes 
will be redeemable prior to maturity at the option of the 
Noteholders in the event that a Material Asset Sale occurs and 
within the Material Asset Sale Period a Rating Downgrade in 
respect of that Material Asset Sale occurs.  See “Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes — Redemption, Purchase and Options”. 
Denomination of Notes ........................ 
Bearer Notes may be issued in any denominations agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s), subject to a minimum 
denomination of €100,000 (or, in the case of Notes that are not 
denominated in euro, the equivalent thereof in such currency).  
Registered Notes may be issued in a denomination consisting of 
€100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) plus integral 
multiples of a smaller amount. 
Withholding Tax .................................. 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes shall 
be made free and clear of, and without any withholding or 
deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental 
charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or 
assessed by or within Italy, unless such withholding or deduction is 
required by law.  In such a case, the Issuer shall pay such additional 
amounts as shall result in receipt by the Noteholders and the 
Couponholders of such amounts as would have been received by 
them had no such withholding or deduction been required, in each 
case subject to certain customary exceptions, as further described in 
“Terms and Conditions of the Notes — Taxation”. 
Substitution .......................................... 
The Trustee and the Issuer are permitted to agree, without the 
consent of the Noteholders or, where relevant, the Couponholders, 
to the substitution of any successor, transferee or assignee of the 
Issuer or any subsidiary of the Issuer or its successor in business in 
place of the Issuer, subject to the fulfilment of certain conditions, 
as more fully set out in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes — 
Meetings of Noteholders, Modification, Waiver and Substitution” 
and in the Trust Deed. 
Negative Pledge .................................... 
Yes, see “Terms and Conditions of the Notes — Negative Pledge”. 
Cross-Default ....................................... 
Yes, see “Terms and Conditions of the Notes — Events of Default”. 
Status of the Notes ............................... 
The Notes constitute “obbligazioni” pursuant to Article 2410 et 
seq. of the Italian Civil Code and (subject to Condition 4(a)) 
unsecured obligations of the Issuer and shall at all times rank pari 
passu and without any preference among themselves and at least 
pari passu with all senior, unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer, save for such obligations as may be 
preferred by provisions of law that are both mandatory and of 
general application. 
Listing and Admission to Trading ..... 
The Offering Circular has been approved by the Central Bank, as 
competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation, as a “base 
prospectus” for purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. 
 
Application has been made for Notes issued under the Programme 
to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext 
Dublin and to be listed on the Official List of Euronext Dublin. 
 
Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on 
other or further stock exchanges or markets agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer in relation to the Series.  Notes 
which are neither listed nor admitted to trading on any market may

--- Page 15 ---
6 
 
 
 
 
also be issued. 
 
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) 
payable in respect of Notes, the issue price of Notes and any other 
terms and conditions not contained herein which are applicable to 
each Tranche of Notes will be set out in the Final Terms which, 
with respect to Notes to be admitted to Euronext Dublin, will be 
delivered to Euronext Dublin. 
 
The applicable Final Terms will state whether or not the relevant 
Notes are to be listed and/or admitted to trading and, if so, on 
which stock exchanges and/or markets. 
Listing Agent ........................................ 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited. 
Governing Law .................................... 
The Notes, the Coupons and the Talons, the Trust Deed and the 
Agency Agreement, and any non-contractual obligations arising out 
of or in connection with any of them are governed by, and 
construed in accordance with, English law; paragraphs (a) 
(Meetings of Noteholders) and (b) (Noteholders' Representative) of 
Condition 11 (Meetings of Noteholders, Modification, Waiver, 
Threshold Increase and Substitution) and the provisions of the 
Trust Deed concerning the meetings of Noteholders and the 
appointment of a Noteholders' Representative in respect of the 
Notes are subject to compliance with the mandatory laws of the 
Republic of Italy. 
Ratings .................................................. 
Tranches of Notes issued under the Programme will be rated or 
unrated.  Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, such rating will not 
necessarily be the same as the rating(s) of the Issuer or the rating(s) 
assigned to Notes already issued.  Where a Tranche of Notes is 
rated, the applicable rating(s) will be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms.  The Final Terms will also disclose whether or not each 
credit rating applied for in relation to a relevant Tranche of Notes 
has been (1) issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA 
and registered (or which has applied for registration and not been 
refused) under the CRA Regulation, or (2) issued by a credit rating 
agency which is not established in the EEA but will be endorsed by 
a CRA which is established in the EEA and registered under the 
CRA Regulation or (3) issued by a credit rating agency which is 
not established in the EEA but which is certified under the CRA 
Regulation. 
 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a 
rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit 
rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the CRA 
Regulation unless (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating 
agency operating in the EEA before 7 June 2010 which has 
submitted an application for registration in accordance with the 
CRA Regulation and such registration has not been refused, or 
(2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established 
in the EEA but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in 
the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation or (3) the rating 
is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA 
which is certified under the CRA Regulation. 
Selling Restrictions .............................. 
United States, the European Economic Area (including Italy and 
France), the United Kingdom, Canada, Japan, Switzerland, Hong 
Kong and Singapore, as further described under “Subscription and 
Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions” below.

--- Page 16 ---
7 
 
 
 
 
 
The Notes will be issued in compliance with U.S. Treasury 
Regulations §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any successor rules in 
substantially the same form that are applicable for purposes of 
Section 4701 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as 
amended (the “Code”)) (“TEFRA D”) unless (i) the relevant Final 
Terms states that Notes are issued in compliance with 
U.S. Treasury Regulations §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) or any successor 
rules in substantially the same form that are applicable for purposes 
of Section 4701 of the Code (“TEFRA C”) or (ii) the Notes are 
issued other than in compliance with the TEFRA D or TEFRA C 
but in circumstances in which the Notes will not constitute 
“registration required obligations” under the United States Tax 
Equity and Fiscal Responsibility Act of 1982 (“TEFRA”), which 
circumstances will be referred to in the relevant Final Terms as a 
transaction to which TEFRA is not applicable. 
Risk Factors ......................................... 
Refer to “Risk Factors” below for a summary of certain risks 
involved in investing in the Notes.  Prospective Noteholders should 
consider carefully all information contained in this Offering 
Circular 
(including, 
without 
limitation, 
any 
documents 
incorporated by reference therein and any supplement thereto) and 
reach their own views, based upon their own judgment and upon 
advice from such financial, tax and legal advisers they have 
deemed necessary, before making any investment decision.

--- Page 17 ---
8 
 
 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
In purchasing Notes, investors assume the risk that the Issuer may become insolvent or otherwise be unable to 
make all payments due in respect of the Notes.  There is a wide range of factors which individually or together 
could result in the Issuer becoming unable to make all payments due in respect of the Notes.  It is not possible 
to identify all such factors or to determine which factors are most likely to occur, as the Issuer may not be 
aware of all relevant factors and certain factors which it currently deems not to be material may become 
material as a result of the occurrence of events outside the Issuer’s control.  The Issuer has identified in this 
Offering Circular a number of factors which could materially adversely affect its business and ability to make 
payments due under the Notes.  Most of these factors are contingencies which may or may not occur and the 
Issuer is not in a position to express a view on the likelihood of any such contingency occurring.  In addition, 
factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes issued under 
the Programme are also described below. 
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Offering Circular 
and reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. 
Words and expressions defined elsewhere in this Offering Circular have the same meaning in this section.  
Prospective Noteholders should read the entire Offering Circular. 
Risks Relating to the Issuer’s Business and Condition 
The Issuer is primarily a holding company that does not have revenue-generating operations of its own, 
and is dependent on receiving dividends from its operating subsidiaries to make payments on the Notes or 
meet its other obligations. Among these subsidiaries, the Abertis Group represents substantially all of the 
Group’s revenues and EBITDA. Such operating subsidiaries may not be able to make such payments in 
some circumstances or making such payments may result in increased costs for the Group. 
As of the date of this Offering Circular, the Issuer is a strategic investment holding company that does not 
conduct business operations of its own and has no significant assets other than the shares it holds in its direct 
subsidiaries and investments.  The Group’s revenue-generating activities are carried out by the Issuer’s 
operating subsidiaries, principally Abertis Infraestructuras SA (“Abertis”) and its consolidated subsidiaries 
(the “Abertis Group”), Mundy’s subsidiaries (not included in the Abertis Group) operating toll road 
concessions in Brazil, Chile and Poland (the “Overseas Motorways"), Mundys’ subsidiaries operating airport 
infrastructure, such as Aeroporti di Roma S.p.A. (“AdR”) and its consolidated subsidiaries (the “AdR 
Group”) and Aéroports de la Côte d’Azur S.A. (“ACA”) and its consolidated subsidiaries (the “ACA 
Group”) and Mundys’ subsidiaries carrying out mobility services, including Telepass S.p.A. (“Telepass”) 
and its consolidated subsidiaries (the “Telepass Group”) and Yunex GmbH (“Yunex Traffic”) and its 
consolidated subsidiaries (the “Yunex Group”). 
The Group generates most of its revenues and EBITDA from the Abertis Group, of which Mundys owns 50 
per cent. plus one share and which is consolidated on a line-by-line basis in the Issuer’s consolidated financial 
statements.  The following table shows the contribution, represented as a percentage, of each business 
segment to the Group’s revenues and the Group’s EBITDA as of 31 December 2022. 
 
Group’s 
revenues 
Group’s 
EBITDA (1) 
Abertis Group ...................................................................................................................... 
68.6% 
78.5% 
Overseas Motorways ........................................................................................................... 
9.8% 
11.3% 
AdR Group .......................................................................................................................... 
9.0% 
6.7% 
ACA Group ......................................................................................................................... 
3.6% 
2.2% 
Telepass Group .................................................................................................................... 
4.2% 
2.9% 
Mundys and other activities ................................................................................................. 
0.1% 
(2.00%) 
Yunex Group 
4.7% 
0.4% 
________ 
(1) 
For the purposes of the definition of Principal Subsidiaries in the Conditions of the Notes, the EBITDA calculation differs 
from the presentation of EBITDA set out in this table. 
The chart above does not include Autostrade per l’Italia S.p.A. (“ASPI”) and its subsidiaries, which have been 
disposed on 5 May 2022. See “Business Description of the Group – Development of the Group”.

--- Page 18 ---
9 
 
 
 
 
Repayment of the Issuer’s indebtedness, including under the Notes, is dependent on the ability of its 
subsidiaries to make such cash available to it, by dividend distributions, debt repayment, loans or otherwise.  
See also “ – The Group is subject to liquidity risk and requires a significant amount of cash to service its debt, 
and its ability to generate sufficient cash depends on many factors beyond its control”.  The Issuer’s 
subsidiaries may not be able to, or may be restricted by the terms of their existing or future indebtedness, or 
by law, in their ability to make distributions or advance upstream loans to enable the Issuer to make payments 
in respect of its indebtedness, including the Notes.  See also “—Risks Relating to the Group’s Main 
Subsidiaries and their Operations — The Group is exposed to risk relating to the impact of pandemics”.  Each 
of the Issuer’s subsidiaries is a distinct legal entity and, under certain circumstances, legal and contractual 
restrictions may limit the Issuer’s ability to obtain cash from its subsidiaries.  In the event that the Issuer does 
not receive distributions or other payments from its subsidiaries, it may be unable to make required principal 
and interest payments on its indebtedness, including the Notes. 
The Issuer does not expect to have other relevant sources of funds, other than the distributions or other 
payments from its subsidiaries and the proceeds from any sales of its assets that the Group may from time to 
time carry out (such as the disposal of the Issuer’s stake in ASPI in May 2022 and the Issuer’s 14.46 per cent. 
stake in Hochtief AG (“Hochtief”) in September 2022), which would allow it to make payments to holders of 
the Notes. See also “ – The Group may engage in acquisitions, investments and disposals from time to time”.  
All the existing and future liabilities of the Issuer’s subsidiaries, including any claims of trade creditors and 
any preferred stockholders, will be effectively senior to the Notes.  Any of the situations described above 
could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s ability to service its obligations under the Notes.  See also 
“ – Risks relating to the Notes generally - None of the Issuer’s subsidiaries will guarantee its obligations 
under the Notes, and the Notes will be structurally subordinated to all indebtedness of the Issuer’s 
subsidiaries”. 
Risks related to the impact of the global macroeconomic conditions. 
The performance of the Group is influenced by national and international macroeconomic conditions and the 
conditions of the financial markets in general, and in particular, by the stability and trends in the economies of 
the geographical areas in which the Group conducts its activity. 
A number of uncertainties remain in the current macroeconomic environment, namely:  (a) the Covid-19 virus 
health emergency’s impact on global growth and individual countries (see “—Risks Relating to the Group’s 
Main Subsidiaries and their Operations — The Group is exposed to risk relating to the impact of 
pandemics”); (b) the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine following which countries and 
multinational organizations such as the United States, the European Union, the United Kingdom, Switzerland, 
Canada, Japan, and Australia have announced and implemented sanctions of various types against Russia (see 
“—Risks related to impact that the conflict between Russia and Ukraine may have on the Issuer’s Group’s 
business”); (c) trends in the economy and the prospects of recovery and consolidation of the economies of 
countries like the US and China, which have shown consistent growth in recent years; (d)  the outcome of the 
commercial dispute between the US and China, which could have an effect on international trade and 
therefore global production; (e) current tensions in the global banking system rocked by the collapse of 
Silicon Valley Bank, Signature Bank and the rescue of Credit Suisse; (f) future development of the European 
Central Bank’s (“ECB”) monetary policy in the Euro area, the Federal Reserve System’s monetary policy in 
the Dollar area, and the policies implemented by other countries aimed at promoting competitive devaluations 
of their currencies; (g) the sustainability of the sovereign debt of certain countries and related recurring 
tensions on the financial markets; and (h) risks related to further increases in inflation. For additional 
information on how the inflation is linked with the tariff mechanics applicable to the Group’s operations, see 
“Business Description of the Group – Business Segments – Motorways” and “Business Description of the 
Group – Business Segments – Airports” and “Risks Relating to the Group’s Main Subsidiaries and their 
Operations —The Group does not have discretion to increase the tariffs. 
 
In addition, the global economy, the condition of the financial markets, adverse macroeconomic developments 
in the Group’s primary markets and any future sovereign debt crisis in Europe or the other jurisdictions in 
which the Group operates may all significantly influence the Group’s performance.  The Group’s earning 
capacity and stability can be affected by the overall economic situation and by the dynamics of the financial 
markets.

--- Page 19 ---
10 
 
 
 
 
All of these factors, in particular in times of economic and financial crisis, could result in an increase in the 
Issuer’s and/or the Group’s borrowing costs, in a reduction of, or reduced growth in the Issuer’s and/or the 
Group’s ordinary business, in the decline in the Issuer’s and/or the Group’s asset values, which could have a 
material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations and the ability of 
the Issuer to meet its payment obligations under the Notes or its other indebtedness. 
Risks related to impact that the conflict between Russia and Ukraine may have on the Group’s business. 
In February 2022 a military conflict erupted between Russia and Ukraine. As a result of the conflict, countries 
and multinational organizations such as the United States, the European Union, the United Kingdom, 
Switzerland, Canada, Japan, and Australia have announced and implemented sanctions of various types 
against Russia, such as the designation of a number of persons and entities, including major Russian banks, in 
“blocked person” lists, the removal of certain Russian banks from the SWIFT system that facilitates the 
transfer of money between banks, a prohibition on providing certain types of financing and financial services 
to certain companies or banks that are under public control or publicly owned, a prohibition on transactions 
with certain Russian counterparties, and the imposition of restrictions on the export to Russia of certain goods 
and technologies. At the same time, Russia has adopted a number of special countermeasures in connection 
with actions by a number of countries and international organizations that have imposed sanctions on Russian 
individuals and Russian counterparties. Although the length, impact and outcome of the ongoing military 
conflict in Ukraine is highly unpredictable, this conflict has and could continue to disrupt markets, including 
significant volatility in commodity prices, financial markets, supply chain interruptions, changes in consumer 
or purchaser preferences as well as increase in cyberattacks and espionage.   
The continuation of the conflict between Russia and Ukraine and the increase in tensions between Russia and 
certain of the countries in which the Group operates could negatively affect global macroeconomic conditions 
and the economies in all these countries. The conflict made the economic scenario particularly uncertain 
mainly due to (i) its repercussions in the energy and gas supply fields, particularly in Europe, leading to high 
volatility and increasing prices commodity and energy prices, driven by both the above geopolitical tensions 
and the sanctions imposed by certain Western countries on Russia, (ii) the resulting increases in the cost of 
transport and basic goods, leading to levels of inflation not seen for over forty years, to which central banks 
have responded by tightening monetary policy and raising interest rates; and (iii) persistent, serious supply 
chain issues. 
The extent and duration of the military action, sanctions and resulting market disruptions could be significant 
and could potentially have substantial impact on the global economy and on the Group’s business for an 
unknown period of time. See also “ – Risks related to the impact of the global macroeconomic conditions” 
Any of these developments could have material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition 
and results of operations and the ability of the Issuer to meet its payment obligations under the Notes or its 
other indebtedness. See also “ – The group is exposed to counterparty risk”, “ – The Group is exposed to risks 
relating to cyber-crime”, “ – The group is exposed to interest rate risk”, and “ – The Group’s revenues could 
decline as a result of reductions in road or air traffic-volumes”. 
Risks related to the Group’s strategy. 
From time to time, the Group adopts and implements strategic plans and guidelines to further develop its 
business, which may include specific targets with respect to its financial and operational performance and 
targets related to environmental, sustainability and governance matters.  The current strategy of the Group 
allows for an expansion of its presence in the infrastructural sector and related businesses in OECD countries, 
with a focus on Western Europe, North America, Latina America and Australia, subject to compliance with 
the M&A, dividend, financial and responsible investment policies of the Group.  Such plans are generally 
prepared based on prevailing macroeconomic projections as of the relevant plan’s definition and strategic 
actions that need to be implemented.  Any such plan is based on numerous assumptions and hypotheses, some 
of which relate to events not fully under the control of the Issuer.  In particular, such plans may contain a set 
of assumptions, estimates and predictions that are based on the occurrence of future events and actions to be 
taken by, inter alia, the managers or Directors of the Issuer or its subsidiaries, in a specific period, which may 
include, among other things, assumptions of different natures subject to risks and uncertainties arising from 
the current economic environment, relating to future events and actions of Directors and the management of 
the Issuer or its subsidiaries that may not necessarily occur, as well as events, actions, and other assumptions

--- Page 20 ---
11 
 
 
 
 
including those related to the performance of the main economic and financial variables or other factors that 
affect their development over which the Directors and management of the Issuer and its subsidiaries do not 
have, or have limited, control.  In addition, the Issuer may be unable to monitor and control effectively the 
implementation of any business or strategic plan by its subsidiaries. See also “ – The Group may engage in 
acquisitions, investments and disposals from time to time”. 
Therefore, the Group is exposed to the risk that it may be unable to implement part or all of its growth strategy 
or that it may be unable to implement part or all of its growth strategy within the timeframe expected, that the 
assumptions on which the Group based its forecasts and growth strategy may be incorrect or that the growth 
strategy may not achieve the results expected.  Factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from 
those in the plans prepared by the Issuer include (but are not limited to) the possibility of divestitures or 
disposals, the transfer of certain assets and networks upon termination, revocation or non-renewal of 
concessions, the inability to achieve reductions of fixed costs including through cost synergies from the 
Group’s acquisitions, the impossibility to adequately implement the capex plan, the inability to have available 
financial sources of funding and the failure to manage changes in the regulatory regime applied in the 
countries in which the Group operates. 
Any such failure to develop, revise or implement the growth strategy or monitor the actions taken by the 
Group’s subsidiaries in a timely and effective manner could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s 
business, financial condition and results of operations and the ability of the Issuer to meet its payment 
obligations under the Notes or its other indebtedness. 
The Group may not be able to implement its business strategies or expand into international growth 
markets and manage future growth effectively. 
As of 31 December 2022, the Group operates 44 motorways concessions and 5 airports in 11 countries and 
provides tolling and mobility services in 22 countries.  The revenues and market values of companies within 
the Group are exposed to risks inherent to the countries and business sectors in which they operate.  The 
operations in some of the countries where the Group is present (including the Group’s operations in emerging 
markets) may be exposed to risks related to investments and business, such as: 
 
political and macroeconomic instability, including the risks arising from the conflict between Ukraine 
and Russia (see “ – Risks related to impact that the conflict between Russia and Ukraine may have on 
the Group’s business”); 
 
fluctuations in local economic growth; 
 
changes in inflation rates; 
 
changes to the related legislative and/or regulatory framework (e.g. renewals /reviews of concessions 
imposing less favourable conditions than existing ones, the loss of title to concessions)  
 
devaluation, depreciation or excessive valuation of local currencies; 
 
foreign exchange controls or restrictions on profit repatriation; 
 
changes in interest rates; 
 
changes in economic and tax policies; 
 
instances of fraud, bribery or corruption; 
 
social conflict; and 
 
climate change. 
The Issuer cannot guarantee that the Group will not be subject to material adverse developments with respect 
to its international operations or that any insurance coverage or hedging transaction it has implemented will 
compensate it for any losses arising from such risks.  International expansion is not always successful and has 
inherent risks and costs.  Any investments in foreign or domestic companies may result in increased

--- Page 21 ---
12 
 
 
 
 
complexity of the operations of the Group.  The process of integration may require additional investments and 
expenses.  Difficulties or failure in the assimilation or integration of the operations, services, corporate 
culture, quality standards, policies and procedures, failure to achieve expected synergies, and adverse 
operating issues that are not discovered prior to acquiring the relevant concession, as well as insufficient 
indemnification from the selling parties for legal liabilities incurred by the acquired companies prior to the 
acquisitions and the incurrence of significant indebtedness, could all make international expansion less 
successful.  See also “– The Group’s due diligence may not identify all risks and liabilities in respect of the 
acquisition of or investment in a new business or asset”.  Furthermore, the Group may have difficulty hiring 
experts or qualified executives or employees willing or able to work in the countries in which it wishes to 
expand.  The Group is exposed to these risks in all of its operations to some degree, and such exposure could 
have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations and the 
ability of the Issuer to meet its payment obligations under the Notes or its other indebtedness. 
The Group is subject to extensive laws and regulations and exposed to changes in law. 
The Group is generally exposed to extensive laws and regulations, including tax laws, environmental laws, 
regulations related to occupational health and safety, and anti-corruption, sanctions and anti-bribery laws, 
which are subject to changes. In addition, certain operations of the Group, such as the payment services 
provided by the Telepass Group, are subject to stringent sectorial regulatory regimes such as those set out 
under the payment services and the anti-money laundering directives as well as data protection rules, and 
supervision by external regulators, such as the Bank of Italy.  The cost of complying with such laws and 
regulations is substantial.  The Issuer has adopted several governance and compliance procedures (including 
with respect to compliance with market abuse rules, internal dealing, privacy, compliance with Italian 
securities legislation), however such procedures may not be sufficient to prevent failures that result in 
regulatory enforcement actions, sanctions, reputational harm and fraud (see also “ – The Group could be 
adversely affected by events that might cause reputational damage”).  If the Group cannot prevent such 
failures, it could have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition and results of operations or 
on its ability to service or otherwise make payments on the Notes. 
Additionally, at the operational level, individual employees may not comply with the Group’s policies, 
guidelines and code of ethics and as a result may cause the Group to incur compliance costs and cause 
reputational harm and any such event could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial 
condition and results of operations or on its ability to service or otherwise make payments on the Notes. 
The legal and regulatory framework applicable to the Group and, in particular to the concessions held and the 
operations carried out by the Abertis Group, the Overseas Motorways, the AdR Group and the ACA Group, is 
subject to changes and it is not possible to foresee the effect that future changes in the legal and regulatory 
framework could have on the Group’s business and on the sectors in which it operates.  Furthermore, 
implementing changes in laws and regulations may require the Group to incur special or additional expenses.  
In particular, costs to comply with any changes to current regulatory provisions, both initially and on an on-
going basis, may be especially high, and such changes may take a substantial amount of time to implement. 
The Group could be subject to fines and reputational harm, which could have a material adverse effect on its 
business.  Any of these developments could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial 
condition and results of operations and the ability of the Issuer to meet its payment obligations under the 
Notes or its other indebtedness. 
The Group may engage in acquisitions, investments and disposals from time to time. 
The current strategy of the Group allows for an expansion of its presence in the infrastructural sector and 
related businesses in OECD countries, with a focus on Western Europe, North America, Latina America and 
Australia, subject to compliance with the M&A, dividend, financial and responsible investment policies of the 
Group. As a result the Group may from time to time engage in acquisitions, investments and disposals of 
interests (such as the acquisition from Siemens Mobility of a 100 per cent. stake in Yunex Group completed 
on 30 June 2022, as well as the disposal of Mundys’ entire stake in ASPI on 5 May 2022 and the sale of the 
14.46 per cent. stake held by Mundys in Hochtief completed on 15 September 2022) and there can be no 
assurance that the Group will identify suitable acquisition opportunities, obtain the financing necessary to 
complete and support such acquisitions or investments, acquire businesses on satisfactory terms, or that any 
acquired business will prove to be profitable.  In addition, acquisitions, investments and divestments involve a

--- Page 22 ---
13 
 
 
 
 
number of risks, including possible adverse effects on the Group’s operating income, risks associated with 
unanticipated events or liabilities relating to the acquired assets or businesses which may not have been 
disclosed during due diligence investigations, difficulties in the assimilation of the acquired operations, 
technologies, systems, services and products, risks arising from contractual conditions that are triggered by a 
change of control of an acquired company and legacy risks arising after the disposal of certain investments. 
For example, in connection with the disposal of ASPI, the Issuer has been notified notices of claim from the 
purchaser in connection with ongoing litigation involving ASPI, as well as the contractual representation and 
warranties granted provided to such purchasers. For additional information, see “ – Risks Relating to the 
Disposal of ASPI – Risks related to the provision of indemnities in the share purchase agreement relating the 
sale of the entire stake in ASPI” and “Business Description of the Group – Material Agreements – Relevant 
legal proceedings which may activate special indemnities under the Agreement”.  The occurrence of such 
circumstances could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of 
operations and the ability of the Issuer to meet its payment obligations under the Notes or its other 
indebtedness. 
The Group’s due diligence may not identify all risks and liabilities in respect of the acquisition of or 
investment in a new business or asset. 
Prior to entering into agreements for acquisitions, the Group generally performs due diligence in respect of a 
proposed investment, but such inspection by its nature is limited and may not reveal all facts and 
circumstances that may be relevant in connection with an investment (such as political and macroeconomic 
conditions, changes and/or uncertainties in the regulatory regime) and may not prevent an investment being 
materially overvalued.  The assets acquired by the Group may also be subject to hidden material defects that 
were not apparent or discovered or otherwise considered by the Group at the time of acquisition.  To the 
extent the Group or other third parties underestimated or failed to identify risks and liabilities associated with 
the acquisition of a new business or asset, the Group may incur, directly or indirectly, unexpected liabilities, 
such as defects in title, an inability to obtain authorisation approvals or licenses enabling the Group to use the 
underlying infrastructure as intended, environmental, structural or operational defects or liabilities requiring 
remediation. 
Failure to identify any defects, liabilities or risks could result in the Group acquiring assets which are not 
consistent with its investment strategy, which are difficult to integrate with the rest of the Group’s businesses 
or which fail to perform in accordance with expectations, and/or adversely affect the Group’s reputation (see 
also “ – The Group could be adversely affected by events that might cause reputational damage”), which, in 
turn, could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of 
operations and the ability of the Issuer to meet its payment obligations under the Notes or its other 
indebtedness. 
The operational integration of a new business or assets into the Group may result in costs and difficulties 
beyond those foreseen. 
The operational integration of a new business or assets into the Group may prove to be more difficult and 
expensive and the benefits derived from, and/or costs associated with, such integration may not be in line with 
expectations.  The diversion of the management team’s attention from their other responsibilities as a result of 
the need to deal with integration issues could also have an adverse effect on the Group’s business.  If the 
Issuer is not able to manage the broader organisation efficiently, it could fail to achieve full integration of the 
assets and resources of the new business, which could in turn have a material adverse effect on the Group’s 
business, financial condition and results of operations and the ability of the Issuer to meet its payment 
obligations under the Notes or its other indebtedness.  See also “ – The Group’s partnership operations could 
be adversely affected by its reliance on its partners’ financial condition and performance” below.

--- Page 23 ---
14 
 
 
 
 
The Group’s partnership operations could be adversely affected by its reliance on its partners’ financial 
condition and performance. 
Most of the Group’s activities are conducted through partnerships, where the Group has less than a 100 per 
cent. interest in a particular entity with the remaining ownership interest being held by one or more third 
parties.  The management and control of such entity may entail risks associated with multiple owners and 
decision makers, including the risks that: 
 
investment partners become insolvent or bankrupt, or fail to fund their share of any costs which might 
be incurred, resulting in the Group having to pay the investment partner’s share or bear the risk of 
losing the particular concession or other rights associated with the activity; 
 
investment partners have economic or other interests that may be inconsistent with the Group’s 
interests and may be in a position to take or influence actions contrary to the Group’s interests and 
plans (e.g. including veto powers of minority shareholders in companies controlled by the Issuer), 
which may create impasses on decisions and affect the Group’s ability to implement its strategies 
and/or dispose of the concession or other rights associated with the activity or entity; 
 
disputes may develop between the Group and investment partners, resulting in the Group incurring 
litigation or arbitration costs and distracting the Group’s management from its other main strategic, 
financial and operating priorities; 
 
investment partners may not have enough liquid assets to make cash advances that may be required in 
order to fund operations, maintenance and other expenses related to the particular infrastructure, 
which could result in the loss of current or prospective opportunities and may otherwise adversely 
affect the operation and maintenance of the infrastructure; 
 
an investment partner may breach the terms of a concession agreement, which may cause a default 
under such agreement and result in liability for the Group; 
 
the Group may, in certain circumstances, be liable for the actions of investment partners; 
 
where the Group has a minority stake, it must negotiate suitable arrangements with each of its 
proposed investment partners, which may prove to be time-consuming and could restrict the Group’s 
ability to act quickly or unilaterally; 
 
a default by an investment partner may constitute a default under the financing documents relating to 
the particular concession, which could result in acceleration of the relevant debt; and 
 
negative publicity or damaged reputation of relevant partners may limit access to funding sources for 
the relevant entity. 
The occurrence of such circumstances could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial 
condition and results of operations and the ability of the Issuer to meet its payment obligations under the 
Notes or its other indebtedness. 
The Group is exposed to emerging and developing country risks. 
As of 31 December 2022, the Group operates 44 motorways concessions and 5 airports in 11 countries and 
provides tolling and mobility services in 22 countries, including countries classified as emerging or 
developing countries, such as Argentina, Brazil, Chile, Mexico, Puerto Rico and India.  Operations in these 
countries are subject to the customary risks of operating in emerging and developing markets, which include 
potential political and economic uncertainty, application of exchange controls, reliance on foreign investment, 
nationalization or expropriation, crime and lack of law enforcement, political insurrection, external 
interference, currency fluctuations and changes in government policy.  Financial risks of operating in 
emerging and developing markets also include risks of liquidity, inflation, devaluation, price volatility, 
currency convertibility and country default resulting from significant deficits as well as other factors.

--- Page 24 ---
15 
 
 
 
 
These circumstances could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and 
results of operations and the ability of the Issuer to meet its payment obligations under the Notes or its other 
indebtedness. 
Risks relating to market conditions. 
The Group holds investments in both listed companies and unlisted companies.  The value of the investments 
in listed companies is based on their market prices (which are subject to fluctuations due to changes in 
markets factors, such as share prices, interest rates, exchange rates and their volatilities, as well as changes in 
the credit spreads of the relevant issuer), whereas for investments in non-listed companies some of the 
methods used to value the shareholdings are based on Discounted Cash Flow or on valuation multiples of 
comparable listed companies.  Therefore, changes in prices and market conditions can negatively impact the 
value of the financial assets held by the Group.  A substantial weakening of equities and/or bond markets or 
changes in interest rates and/or currency exchange rates could negatively impact the value of the Group’s 
investments. 
Furthermore, the operating costs which the Group incurs cannot be reduced with the same speed as a fall or 
unabated decline in financial markets and, in the case of inadequately efficient cost management, this could 
negatively impact the financial results of the Group.  These circumstances could have a material adverse effect 
on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations and the ability of the Issuer to meet its 
payment obligations under the Notes or its other indebtedness. 
The Group is subject to legal proceedings which could adversely affect its consolidated revenues, increase 
costs and cause reputational damages. 
As part of the ordinary course of business, companies within the Group are subject to a number of 
administrative, civil and criminal proceedings.  The Group is currently party to various legal proceedings, 
including criminal proceedings.  See “Business Description of the Group — Legal Proceedings” and “– The 
Group may engage in acquisitions, investments and disposals from time to time”.   
In addition, the Group may be subject to legacy litigation risks arising after the disposal of certain 
investments. For example, the share purchase agreement relating to the disposal of Mundys entire stake in 
ASPI provides that “special indemnities” may become payable by Mundys to the Consortium (as defined 
below) in relation to certain disputes pre-existing the disposal of ASPI. For additional information, see “ – 
Risks Relating to the Disposal of ASPI – Risks related to the provision of indemnities in the share purchase 
agreement relating the sale of the entire stake in ASPI” and “Business Description of the Group – Material 
Agreements – Relevant legal proceedings which may activate special indemnities under the Agreement”. 
As at 31 December 2022, the Group had accrued a €595  million provision in its financial statements for other 
risks and charges.  To the extent the Group is not successful in some or all of these matters, or in future legal 
challenges (including potential class actions or legal proceedings which the Group deems without merit or for 
which the potential Group liability cannot currently be estimated), the Group could experience an increase in 
costs and an exposure to reputational damages (see also “ – The Group could be adversely affected by events 
that might cause reputational damage”), which, in turn, could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s 
business, financial condition and results of operations and the ability of the Issuer to meet its payment 
obligations under the Notes or its other indebtedness. 
The Group could be adversely affected by events that might cause reputational damage. 
Various issues may give rise to reputational risk and cause harm to the Group.  Reputational risk denotes the 
danger that an event or several successive events might cause reputational damage (public opinion), which 
might limit the Group’s current and future business opportunities and activities (potential success) and thus 
lead to indirect financial losses (such as a reduction in investment opportunities, revenues, availability and 
cost of financing) or direct financial losses (such as penalties and litigation costs, as to which see also “– The 
Group is subject to legal proceedings which could adversely affect its consolidated revenues, increase costs 
and cause reputational damages” and “ – If an individual within the Group, or a third party acting on behalf 
of any Group entity, commits certain crimes, the Issuer or that Group entity may be subject to quasi-criminal 
liability and may face the application of sanctions”.  Damage to the Group’s reputation or image could result 
in a direct effect on the financial success of the Group.

--- Page 25 ---
16 
 
 
 
 
The issues that could give rise to reputational risk include catastrophic events on the Group’s infrastructure 
and climate change related events (see also “ – Inspection and maintenance activities may be insufficient to 
detect and prevent structural problems in the infrastructure under management, and the Group’s 
infrastructures may also be exposed to geotechnical instability” and “– The Group could suffer losses due to 
environmental and social factors”), reputational loss for the Group in general, legal and regulatory 
requirements, antitrust and competition law issues, ethical issues, environmental issues, money laundering and 
anti-bribery laws, data protection laws, information security policies, or problems with products and services 
provided by the Group or by third parties on its behalf.  Failure to address these issues appropriately could 
also give rise to additional legal risk, which could adversely affect existing litigation claims against the Group 
and the amount of damages asserted against the Group or subject it to additional litigation claims or regulatory 
sanctions.  Any of the above factors could have a material adverse effect on the brand and reputation of the 
Group, which, in turn, could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and 
results of operations and the ability of the Issuer to meet its payment obligations under the Notes or its other 
indebtedness. 
As the Group operates in many different countries with different cultures and jurisdictions, the way in which 
the Group chooses to address any issues faced by the Group may differ depending on the location.  
Furthermore, there can be no assurance that issues which may be positively received in certain jurisdictions 
would be positively received in other jurisdictions and the Group may suffer reputational loss as a result of 
any decisions made by the Group to address any such issues, which could have a material adverse effect on 
the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations and the ability of the Issuer to meet its 
payment obligations under the Notes or its other indebtedness. 
If an individual within the Group, or a third party acting on behalf of any Group entity, commits certain 
crimes, the Issuer or that Group entity may be subject to quasi-criminal liability and may face the 
application of sanctions. 
Legislative Decree No. 231 of 8 June 2011 (“Decree 231”) allows Italian corporate entities to implement 
compliance procedures, also known as the “organisational, management and control model under Decree 231” 
(“Model 231”) to defend themselves against the quasi-criminal liability that may attach to them under Decree 
231 for crimes committed in their interest or to their advantage by individuals which have a functional 
relationship with such corporate entities, such as employees, directors and representatives.  In particular, 
crimes which could cause a corporate entity’s quasi-criminal liability pursuant to Decree 231 include, among 
others, those committed when dealing with public administrations (including bribery, misappropriation of 
public contributions and fraud to the detriment of the state, corporate crimes, environmental crimes and crimes 
of manslaughter or serious injury in violation of provisions on health and safety at workplace, anti-money 
laundering).  Model 231 provides a defence from quasi-criminal liability to corporate entities that have 
implemented it in compliance with Decree 231 and have appointed an independent officer or body, such as an 
integrity board (the “Integrity Board”) (Organismo di Vigilanza), to supervise the Model 231. 
As of the date of this Offering Circular, the Issuer and its principal Italian subsidiaries have adopted Model 
231, while the Group’s foreign companies have adopted control models in accordance with the applicable law.  
The adoption of Model 231 by a company does not in itself preclude the application of sanctions under Decree 
231, and failure to update Model 231 increases the risk that quasi-criminal liability under Decree 231 may 
attach.  As of the date of this Offering Circular, some individuals are under scrutiny by the Italian judicial 
authority with respect to crimes (that are subject to Decree 231) which were allegedly committed when those 
individuals had a functional relationship with SPEA Engineering (a Group entity) or with ASPI (a former 
Group entity).  See “Business Description of the Group – Legal Proceedings”.   
The Issuer cannot exclude that proceedings pursuant to Decree 231, also different from the ones already 
described in the paragraph “Business Description of the Group – Legal Proceedings”, are, or will be, initiated 
against it or any of its Group entities or against former Group entities. 
A quasi-criminal proceeding relating to alleged crimes subject to Decree 231, even if ultimately such 
proceeding discharges the relevant Group entity, could be costly and could divert management’s attention 
away from other aspects of its business.  Any such proceedings may also cause significant penalties, 
revocation of licences or disqualification from doing certain activities, adverse publicity and reputational harm 
(see also “ – The Group could be adversely affected by events that might cause reputational damage”), and

--- Page 26 ---
17 
 
 
 
 
could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations and 
the ability of the Issuer to meet its payment obligations under the Notes or its other indebtedness. 
The Group could be adversely affected by violations of anti-bribery laws applicable in the countries or 
territories where it conducts its business. 
Over the years an increasing number of anti-bribery laws and regulations have been approved worldwide and 
now apply in a significant number of countries and territories where the Group conducts its business.  These 
laws and regulations are amended from time to time and their scope and reach may change.  Such anti-bribery 
laws and regulations generally prohibit companies and their intermediaries from granting financial or other 
advantages to officials or others for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business.  The Group operates in 
many parts of the world that have experienced governmental corruption to some degree.  In addition, some of 
the jurisdictions in which the Group operates or intends to operate lack a developed legal system or may have 
failed to implement laws and regulations or enforce such laws and regulations, and consequently may have 
high levels of corruption.  In this scenario, the Group’s continued expansion, development of joint venture 
relationships with local contractors and the use of local agents increases the Group’s risk of being exposed to 
violations of such anti-corruption regulations by its local partners or agents. 
Although the Issuer believes that the Group’s current risk and control systems, including its Model 231 which 
was adopted in accordance with Decree 231, the implementation of the anti-corruption model and an ethics 
code, provide adequate protection from violations of anti-bribery laws, as part of its aim to comply with the 
best international practices in its risk control functions, should the abovementioned models and procedures fail 
to protect the Group from the possible reckless or criminal acts committed by its employees, agents, partners, 
subcontractors or suppliers, the Group could suffer from criminal or civil penalties or other sanctions, 
including fines, denial of export privileges, injunctions, asset seizures, debarment from government contracts, 
termination of existing contracts, revocations or restrictions of licenses, criminal fines or imprisonment of key 
personnel.  In addition, such violations could also negatively impact the Group’s reputation (see also “ – The 
Group could be adversely affected by events that might cause reputational damage”) and, consequently, its 
ability to grow and develop new businesses. 
These circumstances could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and 
results of operations and the ability of the Issuer to meet its payment obligations under the Notes or its other 
indebtedness. 
The integrity, reliability and efficiency of the Group’s internal controls and procedures may not be 
guaranteed, and the Group may suffer damage because of the Group’s employees and agents acting outside 
its policies and procedures. 
The Group’s operations rely on policies, guidelines, internal controls and procedures that regulate certain 
aspects of the business, including, among others, strategic, finance, operational and compliance risks.  If the 
internal controls and procedures are not adequately designed to meet the needs of the Group’s business, the 
Group may need to incur further costs to redesign and implement new controls or may encounter instances of 
embezzlement and fraud or to remedy the consequences of system failures.  The process by which the Group’s 
internal controls and procedures are implemented may be inadequate to ensure full compliance with such 
controls and procedures, leaving the Group vulnerable to inconsistencies and failures that could have a 
material adverse effect on its business, financial condition and results of operations or on its ability to service 
or otherwise make payments on the Notes and its other indebtedness.  This risk may be increased as a result of 
the frequent acquisitions and extraordinary transactions carried out by the Group.  If the Group fails to 
maintain or fails to cause the acquired companies to adopt and maintain adequate internal controls the Group’s 
financial statements may not accurately reflect the financial condition of the Group. 
The Group may suffer damage resulting from employees’ or agents’ misconduct, operational errors or 
negligence, including damage relating to acts or omissions of employees or agents engaged by the Group.  
Such misconduct, errors or negligence may include, for example, inadvertent or careless mistakes or 
intentional acts or misrepresentations by employees or agents, breaches of applicable laws or regulations in 
the course of their duties, breaches of operational guidelines or other improper acts.  The systems designed to 
prevent and mitigate these risks may fail, and if the Group fails to train and manage its employees properly, 
these internal controls and procedures may be ineffective.  Any misconduct, operational errors or negligence 
resulting from the Group’s employees or agents could lead to reputational damage, regulatory action and

--- Page 27 ---
18 
 
 
 
 
financial costs, or penalties that may not be covered by insurance or by another party (see also “ – The Group 
could be adversely affected by events that might cause reputational damage”).  Any of these developments 
could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations or 
on its ability to service or otherwise make payments on the Notes and its other indebtedness. 
The Group is exposed to risks relating to cyber-crime. 
The Group relies on internal and outsourced IT systems to manage its business and operations and to carry out 
services vis-à-vis its stakeholders (such as governments, regulators, clients).  The Group is exposed to the risk 
that functional problems in its technological and IT architecture could cause an interruption in its business, as 
well as the risk of unauthorized access to IT systems or the possible success of external cyber-attacks, which 
may result in business continuity risk, damage, loss, removal or unlawful disclosure of the data managed by 
the Group which could expose the Group to loss of revenues, the incurrence of additional costs for restoration 
measures, financial penalties and fines and, in turn, may harm its image or reputation vis-à-vis its stakeholders 
(see also “ – The Group could be adversely affected by events that might cause reputational damage”). 
Although the Group regularly maintains and updates its IT systems, and within its IT security framework it 
has adopted solutions for information security, and specific mechanisms for transferring this risk to the 
insurance market, any problems associated with inefficient maintenance, a failure or delay in updating its IT 
systems, any unauthorized access to its computer systems or a successful external cyber-attack could have a 
material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations and the ability of 
the Issuer to meet its payment obligations under the Notes or its other indebtedness. 
Changes in accounting standard, policies, interpretations, estimates, assumptions and judgments that could 
have a material impact on the financial results of the Group. 
The Issuer’s and the Group’s accounting policies are fundamental to how the financial position and results of 
operations of the Group are recorded and reported.  These policies require the use of estimates, assumptions 
and judgements that affect the reported value of the Issuer’s and the Group’s assets or liabilities and results of 
operations.  Management is required to determine estimates and apply subjective and complex assumptions 
and judgements about matters that are inherently uncertain.  Changes in those estimates, assumptions and 
judgements are accounted for prospectively as a change in accounting estimate unless it is determined that 
either (i) the determination thereof was in error or (ii) the accounting policy which sets out the application of 
those estimates, assumptions and judgements has changed, in which case the previous reported financial 
information is represented. 
Accounting standard setting bodies issue new accounting standards and interpretations in response to outreach 
activities, evolving interpretations, application of accounting principles as well as changes in market 
developments.  In addition, changes in interpretations by accounting standard setting bodies, regulators, and 
the Issuer’s independent external auditor may also arise from time to time.  These changes may be difficult to 
predict in terms of the nature of such changes and the timing thereof.  The application of new requirements 
and interpretations may impact how the Issuer and the Group prepares and reports their financial statements 
and may result in a significant impairment of assets held by the Group, including equity investments and 
goodwill.  In some cases, the Issuer and the Group may be required to apply a new or revised standard or 
change in interpretation retrospectively resulting in a requirement to represent their previously reported 
financial information. Any of these events could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, 
financial condition and results of operations or on its ability to service or otherwise make payments on the 
Notes and its other indebtedness. 
The Group’s operating and financial performance is largely dependent on its ability to retain and attract 
key personnel. 
The success of the Group depends, in part, on the continued involvement of the current top management and 
other key managers, as well as on its ability to retain and recruit trained personnel, such as engineers and 
highly specialized technicians. 
While the Group seeks to retain employees, particularly top management and key personnel, there can be no 
guarantee that it will be able to retain its management team or its current personnel.  Loss of managers or of a 
significant number of specialized and highly trained personnel could have a material adverse effect on the

--- Page 28 ---
19 
 
 
 
 
Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations or on its ability to service or otherwise make 
payments on the Notes and its other indebtedness. 
The competition for highly trained managers and specialized labor force is intense.  Also, the growth of the 
Group’s business may require it to seek additional managers and highly trained personnel who share the 
Group’s values and culture, who may be difficult to identify and hire on terms favorable to the Group.  
Therefore, the Issuer cannot guarantee that the Group will be able to attract skilled and motivated employees. 
Any of these developments could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition 
and results of operations or on the Group’s ability to service or otherwise make payments on the Notes and its 
other indebtedness. 
The interests of the Issuer’s controlling shareholders may be inconsistent with the interests of holders of 
Notes. 
Following a voluntary tender offer completed on 9 December 2022, the Issuer has been delisted from 
Euronext Milan Stock Exchange. As a result of the Merger of HoldCo and BidCo into Mundys effective from 
30 April 2023, Mundys is currently wholly-owned, by Edizione S.p.A., Blackstone Infrastructure Partners and 
Fondazione CRT. The Issuer’s shareholders are party to a shareholders’ agreement governing, inter alia, the 
corporate governance of the Issuer as well as the Group’s dividend, financial and investment policies. The 
principal terms of such shareholders’ agreement were disclosed to the public in connection with the voluntary 
tender offer on the Issuer, however such shareholders’ agreement may be subject to changes or termination in 
the future. For additional information, see “Shareholders” and “Shareholders – Shareholders’ Agreement”. 
In addition, the interests of the Issuer’s principal shareholders (which may vary from time to time) may, in 
certain circumstances, conflict with interests of holders of Notes.  The Issuer’s principal shareholders have, 
and will continue to have, directly or indirectly, the power, among other things, to affect its legal and capital 
structure, dividend and financial policy, as well as the ability to elect and change its management and to 
approve any other changes to its operations.  For example, the Issuer’s principal shareholders could vote to 
cause it to incur additional indebtedness, to sell certain material assets or make dividend distributions.  The 
interests of the Issuer’s principal shareholders could conflict with interests of holders of Notes, particularly if 
the Issuer encounters financial difficulties or is unable to pay its debts when due.  The Issuer’s principal 
shareholders could also have an interest in pursuing acquisitions, divestitures, financings, dividend 
distributions or other transactions that, in their judgment, could enhance their equity investments although 
such transactions might involve risks to the holders of Notes.  In addition, the Issuer’s principal shareholders 
may come to own businesses that directly compete with the Issuer’s business.  Differences in views or 
disagreements between shareholders of the Issuer may result in delayed decisions or in failures to agree on 
major matters, particularly when no dispute resolution procedures are in place (or in case of failure of such 
procedures).  Any of the situations described above could have a material adverse impact on the Group’s 
results of operations or financial condition or on the Group’s ability to service or otherwise make payments on 
the Notes and its other indebtedness. 
Risks related to the Group’s financial position 
The Group’s leverage may have significant adverse financial and economic effects on the Group. 
As at 31 December 2022, the Group had €34,969 million of gross financial indebtedness (of which €26,048 in 
nominal value of bond issues and €8,921 in nominal value of medium/long-term borrowings), of which 
€3,500 million was directly attributable to the Issuer. With regard to the committed facility obtained by 
Mundys in October 2022 for an amount equal to €1,500 million, it is worth noticing that €750 million were 
drawn on 5 October 2022 and additional €163 million on 5 April 2023. The remaining €587 million are 
available until 5 July 2023. The Group’s leverage could increase the Group’s vulnerability to a downturn in its 
business, such as the recent conditions which were negatively impacted by the Covid-19 pandemic and the 
enactment of containment measures by national governments in the countries in which the Group operates 
(see “ – Risks Relating to the Group’s Main Subsidiaries and their Operations - The Group is exposed to risk 
relating to the impact of pandemics”), or economic and industry conditions and have significant adverse 
consequences, including but not limited to:

--- Page 29 ---
20 
 
 
 
 
 
reducing its flexibility to (i) respond to downturns in its business or economic and industry conditions 
or (ii) plan for, or react to, changes in the Group’s business, the competitive environment and the 
industry; 
 
limiting the Group’s ability to obtain additional financing to fund its existing activities (such as 
working capital and capex) or grow the Group’s business (such as investment plans, strategic 
acquisitions, business opportunities) or other corporate requirements; 
 
placing the Group at a competitive disadvantage compared to its competitors that have less debt in 
relation to cash flow; and 
 
requiring the dedication of a substantial portion of the Group’s cash flow from operations to the 
payment of principal of, and interest on, the Group’s indebtedness, which would make such cash flow 
unavailable to fund the Group’s operations, capex, investment plans, business opportunities and other 
corporate requirements. 
Any of these or other consequences or events could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s ability to 
satisfy its debt obligations, including its obligations under the Notes.  The Issuer’s ability to service its 
indebtedness will depend on its future performance, which will be affected by prevailing economic conditions 
and financial, business, regulatory and other factors.  Many of these factors are beyond the Issuer’s control. If 
the Issuer cannot service its indebtedness and meet its other obligations and commitments, it might be 
required to refinance its debt or to dispose of assets to obtain funds for such purpose.  The Issuer cannot assure 
that refinancings or asset disposals could be effected on a timely basis or on satisfactory terms, if at all, or 
would be permitted by the terms of the Issuer’s debt instruments.  This could have a material adverse effect on 
the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations or on the Issuer’s ability to service or 
otherwise make payments on the Notes and its other indebtedness. 
In addition, a portion of the Group’s indebtedness, including certain loan agreements of the Issuer, requires 
compliance with certain financial covenant ratios.  Although borrowers under the Group’s indebtedness 
monitor the compliance with such financial covenants, such borrowers may be unable to comply with such 
financial ratios; in such event, the borrowers may be required to seek consents, obtain waivers, provide 
additional equity to cure defaults or repay such indebtedness; otherwise, the failure to comply with such 
financial covenants may result in the relevant borrower being in breach of the terms of such financial 
indebtedness, which may ultimately trigger cross-default provisions under the terms of the Group’s 
outstanding indebtedness, including the Notes.   
The Group may incur substantial additional indebtedness in the future, which could mature prior to the Notes 
or could be senior, if secured, to the Notes.  The terms and conditions of the Notes place certain limitations on 
the incurrence of additional secured indebtedness of the Group.  See “Conditions of the Notes — Negative 
Pledge”.  The incurrence of additional indebtedness would increase the aforementioned leverage-related risks. 
The Group is subject to liquidity risk and requires a significant amount of cash to service its debt, and its 
ability to generate sufficient cash depends on many factors beyond its control. 
Liquidity risk is identified as the lack of, inadequate or untimely ability to meet financial needs (early 
repayment of financial debts or debt refinancing, operational needs, new investments) with tensions on the 
availability of liquidity.  
The Group’s ability to make payments, and to refinance its debt and to fund working capital and capex, will 
depend on its future operating performance and ability to generate sufficient cash.  This depends, to some 
extent, on general economic, financial, competitive, market, legislative, regulatory and other factors, many of 
which are beyond the Group’s control, as well as the other factors discussed in these “Risk Factors”.  
No assurances can be given that the businesses of the Group will generate sufficient cash flows from 
operations or that future debt and equity financing will be available in an amount sufficient to enable the 
Group to pay its debts when due, including the Notes, or to fund other liquidity needs.

--- Page 30 ---
21 
 
 
 
 
If the Group’s future cash flows from operations and other capital resources (including borrowings under 
existing or future credit facilities) are insufficient to pay its obligations as they mature or to fund liquidity 
needs, the Group may be forced to: 
 
reduce the distribution of dividends paid to the Issuer by its subsidiaries (see also “– The Issuer is 
primarily a holding company that does not have revenue-generating operations of its own, and is 
dependent on receiving dividends from its operating subsidiaries to make payments on the Notes or 
meet its other obligations. Amongst these subsidiaries, the Abertis Group represents substantially all 
of the Group’s revenues and EBITDA. Such operating subsidiaries may not be able to make such 
payments in some circumstances or making such payments may result in increased costs for the 
Group”); 
 
reduce or delay capex and/or inorganic growth; 
 
sell certain business assets; 
 
obtain additional debt or equity capital or restructure or refinance all or a portion of its debt, including 
the Notes, on or before maturity; or 
 
seek consents or obtain waivers from the relevant creditors in connection with financial covenants. 
No assurances can be given that the Group would be able to accomplish any of these alternatives on a timely 
basis or on satisfactory terms, if at all.  In addition, the terms of the Group’s debt, including the terms and 
conditions of the Notes, limit, and any future debt may limit, the ability of the Group to pursue any of these 
alternatives.  Furthermore, the terms of certain of the Group’s loan agreements contain restrictive covenants 
and no assurances can be given that these covenants will not constrain the Group’s ability to raise additional 
financing in the future.  Finally, the terms of certain of the Group’s loan agreements contain change of control 
provisions in respect of Mundys, the occurrence of which could result in early termination of the relevant 
financing agreement.  The occurrence of any of the above could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s 
business, financial condition and results of operations and the ability of the Issuer to meet its payment 
obligations under the Notes or its other indebtedness. 
The Group may incur additional indebtedness, including at the level of its subsidiaries, which could 
increase its risk exposure from debt.  
The Group may incur additional indebtedness, which could increase the risks associated with the Group’s 
indebtedness.  Mundys’ subsidiaries may also be able to incur substantial additional indebtedness in the 
future, further increasing the risks associated with the Group’s leverage.  If any of the Issuer’s subsidiaries 
incur additional indebtedness, the holders of that debt will be entitled to share ahead of the holders of the 
Notes in any proceeds distributed in connection with any insolvency, liquidation, reorganisation, dissolution 
or other winding-up of such subsidiaries. If the Group incurs additional indebtedness, the related risks that the 
Group currently faces, as described above and elsewhere in these “Risk Factors”, could intensify.  Any of 
these developments could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and 
results of operations and the ability of the Issuer to meet its payment obligations under the Notes or its other 
indebtedness. 
The Group may not be able to obtain further financing on satisfactory terms or at all. 
The Group may need to refinance its existing debt and may find it difficult or costly to refinance indebtedness 
as it matures, particularly if interest rates are higher when the indebtedness is refinanced. There can be no 
guarantee that the Group will be able to obtain further financing on acceptable terms or at all, which could 
adversely affect the implementation of its business strategy. The Group’s ability to secure financing depends 
on several factors, many of which are beyond its control, including general economic conditions, adverse 
effects in the debt or capital markets, the availability of funds from financial institutions and monetary policy 
in the markets in which it operates. The availability of financing and the terms thereof will also depend on the 
Group's and the lenders’ estimate of the stability of the relevant concessions’ expected cash flows and the 
expected evolution of the value of the relevant concessions.

--- Page 31 ---
22 
 
 
 
 
In addition, there is an international consensus that, in order to determine credit quality, the ratings provided 
by rating agencies are to be taken into account. This leads to the risk that following a deterioration in the 
rating of the Issuer or the Group, especially below investment grade, all financed transactions would entail an 
increase in financial costs which could even lead to the inability to enter into transactions if the Group is 
unable to obtain financing. See also “ – The current credit ratings of the Group, in particular of the Issuer, 
Abertis and AdR, and any future credit rating downgrade may have an impact on their indebtedness and 
ability to fund its investment plan”.  
If the Group is unable to obtain financing on commercially acceptable terms or at all, or delays are incurred in 
obtaining financing, this may impair the Group's ability to make investments and leverage its resources, which 
may have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition, results of operations and 
prospects. 
The current credit ratings of the Group, in particular of the Issuer, Abertis and AdR, and any future credit 
rating downgrade may have an impact on their indebtedness and ability to fund its investment plan. 
Credit ratings affect the availability, the cost and other terms of financing (or refinancing).  Rating agencies 
regularly evaluate the Group, and their credit ratings of the Group’s default rate and existing capital markets 
debt are based on a number of factors. 
Under certain financing arrangements of the Issuer and the Group, a rating downgrade may result in an 
increase in the margin applicable to the interest rate of such financing arrangements. 
Credit ratings assigned to debt issued by Mundys reflect the structural subordination of such debt as compared 
to indebtedness raised by the Issuer’s subsidiaries. Nonetheless, Mundys’ credit ratings are significantly 
influenced by the credit rating of its main subsidiaries, such as Abertis and AdR. Any future downgrade of 
Mundys or Abertis, which constitutes the largest subsidiary of the Issuer (see “– The Issuer is primarily a 
holding company that does not have revenue-generating operations of its own, and is dependent on receiving 
dividends from its operating subsidiaries to make payments on the Notes or meet its other obligations. Among 
these subsidiaries, the Abertis Group represents substantially all of the Group’s revenues and EBITDA. Such 
operating subsidiaries may not be able to make such payments in some circumstances or making such 
payments may result in increased costs for the Group”) may, by itself or in connection with other adverse 
factors, limit the funding options of the Group and result in less favourable terms for such funding, which 
may, in turn, impair the Group’s ability to fund its planned investments and, ultimately, service its debt. 
In addition, according to S&P’s and to Moody’s rating methodologies, the sovereign rating of the country of 
incorporation remains a significant factor in the credit rating assigned to corporations; as a result, there can be 
no assurance that further credit rating downgrades of the Republic of Italy will not occur and, if they do occur, 
that they would have no impact on the Issuer’s ratings. 
The occurrence of any of these events could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial 
condition and results of operations and the ability of the Issuer to meet its payment obligations under the 
Notes or its other indebtedness. 
The Group is exposed to counterparty risk. 
Counterparty risk arises when the Group’s counterparties are not able to meet the Group’s financial, 
technological and/or professional, organisational or ethical requirements, or are not able to guarantee (i) the 
execution of the works and services requested and/or the delivery of supplies, in line with the quality and 
performance costs and timing also affected by the global macroeconomic conditions, or (ii) the protection of 
the environment, or (iii) the promotion and compliance with the applicable legislation also related to human 
rights, health and safety conditions in the workplace. The occurrence of such events may have impacts on 
strategic procurement and/or on business operations and continuity and/or on reputation. See also “ – The 
Group could be adversely affected by events that might cause reputational damage”. 
More specifically, the Group is exposed to credit risk insofar as its counterparties (such as customers, 
financial institutions, partners and, in particular, public administrations) may default on their contractual 
payment obligations by failing to make payments on time or at all.  Business activity which requires a prior 
investment in assets, such as toll roads and airports, is especially sensitive to default risk because, in the event

--- Page 32 ---
23 
 
 
 
 
of default, such investment might not be recoverable.  The default of the Group’s counterparties could have a 
material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations and the ability of 
the Issuer to meet its payment obligations under the Notes or its other indebtedness. 
The Group is exposed to interest rate risk. 
A portion of the Group’s indebtedness bears interest at variable rates, including inflation-linked instruments or 
liabilities denominated in currencies indexed to inflation (i.e. Chilean unidad de foment and Mexican unidad 
de inversion).  Although the Group has, to date, hedged a significant portion of its interest rates exposure 
under such indebtedness, an increase in the interest rates on the Group’s indebtedness may reduce its ability to 
repay the Notes and its other indebtedness and to finance operations and future business opportunities. 
As at 31 December 2022, 70.5 per cent. of the Group’s indebtedness bore interest at a fixed rate or a rate fixed 
through hedges.  Interest rates are highly sensitive to many factors beyond the Group’s control, including 
central banks’ policies, inflationary pressures, international and country-specific economic and political 
conditions, disruption to financial markets or the availability of bank credit.  Any increases in interest rates in 
the Eurozone and in other jurisdictions where the Group has floating rate debt will require the Group to use a 
greater proportion of its revenues to pay interest expenses. 
An increase in the interest rates of the Group’s indebtedness may reduce its ability to repay the Notes and its 
other indebtedness and to finance operations and future business opportunities.  The financial management of 
the Group regularly reviews market conditions and from time to time may adjust the balance of interest rate 
exposure in its debt profile.  However, there can be no assurance that this interest rate management policy will 
adequately protect the Group against the risk of increased interest rates, which could be particularly damaging 
for the Group due to its high level of net financial debt equal to €19,693 million as at 31 December 2022.  In 
addition, the Group is subject to the risk that the instruments implemented by the Group to hedge its interest 
rate exposure may be ineffective as a result of changes to underlying conditions, which in turn may result in 
fair value losses recorded by the Group.  There can be no assurance that future interest or inflation rate 
fluctuations will not have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of 
operations. 
The Group is exposed to foreign exchange rate risk. 
In the year ended 31 December 2022 approximately 44 per cent. of the Group’s revenues were in currencies 
other than the euro, such as the Brazilian real, the Chilean peso, the Mexican peso, the Argentine peso, the 
U.S. dollar, the Polish zloty and the Indian rupee.  Foreign exchange rate risk arises primarily from:  (i) the 
Group’s international presence, through its investments and businesses, in countries that use currencies other 
than the euro; (ii) debt denominated in currencies other than that of the country where the business is 
conducted or the home country of the company incurring such debt; and (iii) trade receivables or payables in a 
foreign currency to the currency of the company with which the transaction was registered.  
In order to mitigate these risks the Group enters into foreign exchange derivatives (including cross-currency 
swaps, with notional values and maturities equal to those of the underlying financial liabilities, qualifying as 
cash flow hedges) to cover its exposures to indebtedness denominated in foreign currencies and the related 
cash flows.  Any current or future foreign exchange derivatives entered into by the Group may not adequately 
protect its operating results from the effects of exchange rate fluctuations.  In this respect, the Group has a 
total fair value negative position of €322 million on outstanding derivatives as of 31 December 2022. The 
Group is subject to the creditworthiness of, and in certain circumstances early termination of the hedging 
agreements by, hedge counterparties.  There can be no assurance that future exchange rate fluctuations will 
not have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations.

--- Page 33 ---
24 
 
 
 
 
Risks Relating to the Disposal of ASPI 
Risks related to the provision of indemnities in the share purchase agreement relating the sale of the entire 
stake in ASPI. 
Following fulfilment of all the conditions precedent provided for in the share purchase agreement (the 
“Agreement”), the sale of Mundys’ entire stake in ASPI to the consortium consisting of CDP Equity, The 
Blackstone Group International Partners and Macquarie European Infrastructure Fund 6 SCSp (the 
“Consortium”) was completed on 5 May 2022.  The Agreement provides that “special indemnities” may 
become payable by Mundys to the Consortium in relation to two types of dispute: (i) pending or future 
criminal or civil proceedings in connection with the collapse of the Polcevera Bridge which occurred in 2018 
other proceedings linked to issues relating to maintenance obligations, and civil claims included in a detailed 
list in the Agreement (with the amount of indemnities capped at €459 million); and (ii) the criminal 
proceeding for alleged environmental damages and the civil damages requested by the Italian Ministry of 
Environment (with the amount of indemnities capped at €412 million).  With reference to the special 
indemnity relating to the collapse of the Polcevera Bridge described in (i) above, Mundys shall be liable for 
the first €150 million of liability and will be liable for 75 per cent. of liability above €150 million without 
prejudice to the cap of €459 million. See “–Business Description of the Group – Material Agreements – 
Relevant legal proceedings which may activate special indemnities under the Agreement”. 
In addition, the Agreement provides that the aggregate maximum liability of Mundys in respect to all warranty 
claims for breach of the contractual warranties other than the so called fundamental warranties (which include 
a fundamental warranty on the inexistence of circumstances - other than those fairly disclosed - which may 
concretely cause the early termination of the concessions) shall not exceed 10% of the purchase price, it being 
understood that the aggregate maximum liability of Mundys in respect of all warranty claim for breach of all 
the warranties shall not exceed the purchase price. 
These circumstances could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and 
results of operations and the ability of the Issuer to meet its payment obligations under the Notes or its other 
indebtedness.  
Risks Relating to the Group’s Main Subsidiaries and their Operations 
The Group is exposed to risk relating to the impact of pandemics. 
In March 2020, the World Health Organisation declared the spread of the coronavirus named Covid-19 a 
global pandemic.  Most of the Group’s operations are concentrated in countries that have been, and are 
expected to continue to be, exposed to the Covid-19 pandemic and may be exposed to the outbreak of other 
similar pandemics.  Most governments in such regions have introduced containment and social distancing 
measures and, to a lesser extent, border closures to limit the spread of the virus, which severely restrict the 
mobility of the population and economic activity in general. 
Since the first quarter of 2020, the Covid-19 pandemic has negatively impacted the global economy, disrupted 
global supply chains, lowered equity and capital markets valuations, created significant volatility and 
disruption in financial markets and increased unemployment levels.  The outbreak has led to a weakening in 
gross domestic product in many of the regions in which the Group operates. 
Since its outset, the pandemic has caused an adverse impact on the traffic volumes and number of passengers 
using the Group’s toll roads and airports, respectively, in all of the markets in which the Group operates.  For 
instance, the reduction in traffic volumes on the Group’s toll roads in 2020 (as compared to 2019) amounted 
to 27.1 per cent. in Italy, 30.6 per cent. in Spain, 24.1 per cent. in France, 8.5 per cent. in Brazil, 26.1 per cent. 
in Chile and 11.8 per cent. in Mexico; the number of passengers using the Group’s airports decreased by 76.8 
per cent. in Italy and 68.4 per cent. in France (in each case, as compared to the corresponding data for 2019).  
Although in the twelve months ended on 31 December 2022 the Group’s performance benefitted from 
recoveries in both motorway traffic (up 8.4 per cent. compared to 2021 and 4 per cent. compared to 2019) and 
airport traffic (up 119 per cent. compared to 2021 and down 30 per cent. compared to 2019), the effects of the 
Covid-19 pandemic may continue to impact Mundys’ operations to the extent government measures shall 
continue to impact such regions and will correspond to reduced toll road and aviation revenues, which form a 
substantive part of the Group’s revenues.  See also “Business Description of the Group – Recent

--- Page 34 ---
25 
 
 
 
 
Developments – Traffic Volumes” for a detailed analysis of traffic volumes and number of passengers in 2022 
compared with 2021 and 2019.  In the year ended 31 December 2022, revenues of motorway segment 
represented 78.4 per cent. of the Group’s revenues, revenues of airport segment represented 12.5 per cent. of 
the Group’s revenues and mobility segment represented 9.0 per cent of the Group’s revenues.  In respect of 
the year ended 31 December 2022, the Group recorded a 16.2 per cent. increase in the Group’s revenues 
compared to the year ended 31 December 2021.  See also “ – The Group’s revenues could decline as a result 
of reductions in road or air traffic volumes”. 
The Covid-19 health emergency has had, and may continue to have in the future, significant repercussions on 
the Group’s temporary ability to generate sufficient cash from the collection of revenues in order to fund 
planned investments and, were such circumstances to continue, to service debt.  In addition, the Covid-19 
health emergency has indirect impacts on the Group, as it causes delays in the implementation of the 
investment plans and related capex and it will limit and/or delay tariff growth. 
These circumstances could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and 
results of operations and the ability of the Issuer to meet its payment obligations under the Notes or its other 
indebtedness. 
The Group’s revenues could decline as a result of reductions in road or air traffic volumes. 
In general, the revenues generated by the Group from operating toll roads and airport infrastructure are 
dependent on the level of road and air traffic volumes on such infrastructures. 
With respect to toll road concessions, the revenues generated by the Group depend on the level of tariffs and 
the volume of traffic using its toll roads.  Such revenues are also directly linked to toll rate increases and 
customers’ reactions to higher tolls.  Even if the Group increases the volume of traffic on its roads, it must 
also ensure that its road portfolio has the capacity to absorb traffic and avoid congestion or consumers will 
look for alternative routes.  Road traffic volumes and toll revenues depend on a number of factors, including: 
 
the popularity and existence of alternative means of transportation, including public transport such as 
trains and buses; 
 
the quality, convenience and travel time on toll-free roads or toll roads that are managed by the 
Group’s competitors; 
 
the quality, safety and state of repair of the Group’s toll roads; 
 
the wider economic climate (see “—Risks related to the impact of the global macroeconomic 
conditions.”), inflationary pressures and fuel prices; and 
 
environmental legislation (including measures to restrict motor vehicle use in order to reduce air 
pollution). 
With respect to airport concessions, the revenues generated primarily depend on air traffic volumes, which, in 
turn are affected by several factors, including (i) domestic and global macroeconomic developments, 
demographic developments, socio-economic developments such as increasing nationalism, protectionism 
(which could lead to international “trade wars”) and populism, global terrorism threats and political tensions, 
such as those resulting from the on-going conflict between Ukraine and Russia (see “Risks Relating to the 
Issuer’s Business and Condition – Risks related to impact that the conflict between Russia and Ukraine may 
have on the Group’s business”); (ii) competition from other airports and other competing modes of transport, 
particularly with respect to hub services and the improvement or expansion of existing high-speed rail 
networks and motorways; (iii) labour unrest of the Group’s employees, airlines staff and/or air traffic 
controllers and sector operators; (iv) an increase in airfares due to increased airline costs; (v) developments in 
the airline industry (such as the creation of new transfer hubs and additional point-to-point flights decreasing 
the importance of transfer hubs); (vi) decisions by airlines regarding the number, type and capacity of aircraft 
(including the mix of premium and economy seats), as well as the routes on which particular aircraft are 
utilised; (vii) the termination or change of the connections to some destinations featuring high passenger 
traffic; (viii) fluctuations in oil prices; (ix) taxation and emission regulation (e.g. carbon pricing); (x) global 
pandemics or other health scares (such as, severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS) and Covid-19);

--- Page 35 ---
26 
 
 
 
 
(xi) disruptions caused by natural disasters; (xii) severe weather conditions at the airports (e.g. snow, fog, etc.) 
causing flight cancellations, significant changes to airlines’ schedules and possible damage to the airports’ 
facilities; (xiii) other extraordinary and unforeseeable events such as a fire or service interruption by utility 
providers (e.g. water, electricity, etc.) or connectivity services, which may affect the normal operation of the 
airports and/or any of the aeronautical or non-aeronautical activities carried out in any of them; (xiv) acts of 
terrorism; (xv) cybersecurity threats; (xvi) changes in domestic or international regulation; (xvii) the quality of 
services and facilities, including the impact of construction projects; and (xviii) changes in airline 
ownership/alliance competition. 
If the Group is unable to maintain an adequate level of road and air traffic on its infrastructures, this could 
have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations and the 
ability of the Issuer to meet its payment obligations under the Notes or its other indebtedness. 
The Group may be required to make significant payments for damages and its insurance coverage might 
not be adequate or available in all circumstances. 
Although the Group carries all risk, accident and civil liability insurance, there can be no assurance that these 
policies cover all of the liabilities which may arise from third-party claims, or from any required 
reconstruction, or maintenance and operating losses, including costs resulting from asset damage.  The 
Group’s policies contain specific sub-limits and exclusions, and the Group does not carry business 
interruption insurance to cover all the operating losses it may experience, such as reduced toll revenue, 
resulting from actions or requests by the relevant authorities, work stoppages, strikes or similar industrial 
actions.   
Moreover, there can be no assurance that if the insurance policy is terminated or not renewed, a new insurance 
policy will be available on reasonable commercial terms, or at all.  Any failure to obtain or maintain an 
insurance policy, or to be covered for a loss thereunder, could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s 
business, financial condition and results of operations and the ability of the Issuer to meet its payment 
obligations under the Notes or its other indebtedness. 
The occurrence of significant events, such as, for example, the Polcevera Bridge Collapse, may expose the 
Group to potential requests for substantial indirect damages attributable to extra costs and / or lost profits 
suffered by natural and / or legal persons, which have not suffered direct damages, operating in the area 
affected by the relevant significant event.  These possible indirect damages are not covered by the insurance 
coverage of the “all risks policies”. 
Moreover, the Group chooses to leave to each Group company the activation and management of the majority 
of insurance policies, therefore there can be no assurance that claims which may be positively solved in 
certain Group companies would be positively solved in other Group companies. This could have a material 
adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations and the ability of the 
Issuer to meet its payment obligations under the Notes or its other indebtedness. 
Although the amount of compensation claimed for this kind of damages can imply significant amounts, there 
can be no assurance that, despite the absence of a direct causal link between the event that occurred and the 
damage requested, the Issuer may be the unsuccessful party in case of any judgment on the merits.  These 
circumstances could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of 
operations and the ability of the Issuer to meet its payment obligations under the Notes or its other 
indebtedness. 
The Group participates in competitive tender processes and regulatory authorisation procedures that can 
generate significant expense with no assurance of success. 
The Group is granted many of its contracts on the basis of a competitive process.  Competitive tender 
processes or negotiation procedures preceding the award of these contracts are often long, costly and complex 
and their outcomes are uncertain and difficult to foresee.  The Group may invest significant resources in a 
project or tender bid without winning the contract thus losing growth opportunities.  In addition, the Group 
may also need to obtain or renew various regulatory permits or authorisations.  Authorisation procedures for 
activities with a large environmental footprint may present additional difficulty and are often preceded by in-
depth studies and public inquiries.  The complexity of these procedures has tended to increase.  The Group

--- Page 36 ---
27 
 
 
 
 
may also have to abandon certain projects in which it is unable to generate compensation sufficient to cover 
the cost of its investment if it fails to obtain the permits it needs to perform the activity or if it cannot obtain 
any necessary authorisations from antitrust or other authorities.  These developments can increase the cost of 
the Group’s activities and, in certain cases, where the risk of failure appears substantial, may lead the Group to 
abandon certain projects.  The occurrence of such circumstances could have a material adverse effect on the 
Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations and the ability of the Issuer to meet its payment 
obligations under the Notes or its other indebtedness. 
During their initial years of operation, the Group’s concessions may generate little or no cash. 
The development and operation of infrastructure concession assets is a capital-intensive business.  Newer 
assets are typically highly leveraged to optimise the capital structure with the objective of maximising 
shareholder return.  As a result of the high rate of leverage, during the initial years of a concession, the costs 
of financing often consume a large proportion of a concession’s available cash flows, leaving little or no cash 
available for distribution.  As a result, it is possible that the Group’s cash flow projections for a concession 
will not be met, and that concession may therefore take longer than expected to generate a profit or may never 
do so, which could decrease the resources available to other Group companies to meet their financial 
obligations, including those under the Notes.  Such a shortfall of cash could have a material adverse effect on 
the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations and the ability of the Issuer to meet its 
payment obligations under the Notes or its other indebtedness. 
Infrastructure concessions have a limited duration and the Group may not be able to extend or replace its 
concession agreements and, as a result, lose the revenues and cash flows generated thereunder. 
There can be no guarantee that the Group’s concession agreements will be renewed or extended and when a 
concession agreement ends the Group must, at its own expense, return the infrastructure to the competent 
governmental authority or owner, in an adequate state of repair, together with any assets and facilities required 
for operation. 
In addition, under the laws of certain countries in which the Group operates, certain governments may 
unilaterally terminate or repurchase concessions in the public interest, subject to judicial supervision.  If a 
governmental authority exercises its option to terminate or repurchase any of the Group’s concessions, in 
general it will receive the compensation provided by law or contract to cover its profits for the remaining 
duration of the concession agreement.  However, there can be no assurances that any compensation would be 
sufficient to make up for the loss of the concession.  In extreme cases a sovereign government could take 
action contrary to the Group’s rights under the relevant concession agreement, for example by unilaterally 
terminating, changing the terms of or even expropriating the concessions.  The Group carries out a large part 
of its operations in developed countries where the risk that the sovereign government will take actions of such 
nature tends to be low, but the Group also has operations in emerging markets such as Brazil, Chile, Mexico 
and Argentina and cannot give any assurance that governments (in an emerging market or otherwise) will not 
legislate, impose regulations or change applicable laws or act contrary to the law in a way that would 
materially adversely affect its business.  See also “ – The Group is exposed to emerging and developing 
country risks”. 
Each concession agreement has different provisions regarding the compensation to be provided if the 
concession is terminated before the end of its term, whether such termination be with or without cause.  If it is 
unable to negotiate and receive adequate compensation for terminated or repurchased concessions, the 
Group’s financial condition in the future may be impacted. 
In addition, upon the loss of any concession the Group will lose access to the revenues and cash flows 
generated by such concession and any related ancillary activity.  While the Group may receive a payment 
upon termination, it may be unable to reinvest the proceeds of the termination on other concessions or assets 
that generate the same returns and cash flows. 
If the Group’s concession agreements come to an end because it has been unable to extend the duration of its 
concessions or for any other reason and the Group is unable to replace any concessions that have expired or 
terminated with new concessions on equally favourable terms, this could have a material adverse effect on the 
Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations and the ability of the Issuer to meet its payment 
obligations under the Notes or its other indebtedness.

--- Page 37 ---
28 
 
 
 
 
Inspection and maintenance activities may be insufficient to detect and prevent structural problems in the 
infrastructure under management, and the Group’s infrastructures may also be exposed to geotechnical 
instability. 
Despite the recurring and non-recurring maintenance activities carried out by the Group on infrastructure 
under its management, it cannot be excluded that, due to unforeseeable events, hidden defects in such 
infrastructure which cannot be detected through the Group’s inspections and maintenance activities or human 
error, structural problems may occur limiting the availability or functionality of the infrastructures managed 
by the Group.  The Group’s inability to detect in a timely fashion any defect and efficiently repair the 
infrastructure could result in risks regarding the safety of the assets and/ or could also impact the continuity of 
service of the Group’s assets.  Such circumstances may result in reputational damage, regulatory action and 
financial costs, or penalties that may not be covered by insurance or by another party.  See also “ – The Group 
could be adversely affected by events that might cause reputational damage”. 
In addition, infrastructures managed by the Group are potentially exposed to geotechnical instability.  As a 
result, the occurrence of natural disasters, such as earthquakes, flooding, landslides or subsidence may result 
in material damage to the infrastructure managed by the Group, which could lead to a significant decline in 
revenues from the Group’s concessions or a significant increase in expenditures for the operation, 
maintenance or repair of the Group’s infrastructure, as well as necessary amendments to the Group’s 
investments plans. 
The occurrence of any of these events could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial 
condition and results of operations and the ability of the Issuer to meet its payment obligations under the 
Notes. 
In addition, service malfunctions or interruptions may result in the commencement of investigations by the 
relevant competent authority, the imposition of fines and penalties and could expose the Group to legal 
proceedings and claims for damages.  The occurrence of any such events could have a material adverse effect 
on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations and the ability of the Issuer to meet its 
payment obligations under the Notes and its other indebtedness. 
The Group is highly dependent on public sector customers and, accordingly, decreases in the funds 
allocated to public sector projects may harm the Group’s business, results of operations, financial 
condition and prospects. 
The Group’s business, results of operations, financial conditions and prospects are highly dependent on public 
sector customers.  The Group relies on infrastructure development programs currently planned and being 
undertaken by public authorities in various markets to generate a significant amount of the Group’s business.  
The Group may start work on a specific public sector project but, due to the lack or revocation of government 
funding, the project may subsequently not be completed within the original time frame or at all.  The Group’s 
government clients may be under no obligation to maintain funding at any specific level and funds for any 
program may even be eliminated.  Global economic instability and difficult and recessionary economic 
conditions in certain countries in which the Group operates may result in the contraction of infrastructure 
spending and therefore in delay or suspension of projects already commenced or awarded.  Future changes 
and/or reductions by these supranational and government clients in their plans or policies of infrastructure 
development, delay in the awarding of major projects or postponement of previously awarded projects could 
have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations and the 
ability of the Issuer to meet its payment obligations under the Notes or its other indebtedness. 
The Group does not have discretion to increase the tariffs. 
In addition to the volume of road and air traffic, the revenues generated from the Group’s concessions depend 
on its tariff rates and the tariff structure is usually fixed from the outset under each individual concession 
agreement or other agreement governing the management of the concessions.  In the majority of cases, the 
Group has limited or no ability to independently raise tariffs beyond certain limits, normally the rate of 
inflation.  During the life of a concession, the relevant government authority may also unilaterally impose 
additional restrictions on the tariff rates and refuse to compensate the Group for any losses that might result 
from such changes to the concession agreement.  Whilst the Group may try to renegotiate the terms of a

--- Page 38 ---
29 
 
 
 
 
concession agreement, the Group cannot guarantee that any such negotiation will be successful and can give 
no assurance that rates the Group is authorised to charge will guarantee an adequate level of profitability. 
The Group has substantial indebtedness (see “—The Group may incur additional indebtedness, including at 
the level of its subsidiaries, which could increase its risk exposure from debt.”), much of which is related to 
costs incurred as a result of operating and expansion activity.  The Group seeks to cover money spent on its 
investments principally from the cash flows generated by the management of the infrastructure under 
concession.  If the assumptions underlying the Group’s financial models prove to be incorrect and the 
revenues generated are not sufficient to cover its costs (i.e. the Group may be unable to increase tariffs due to 
inflexible concession terms or reduce its costs to remain profitable) this could have a material adverse effect 
on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations and the ability of the Issuer to meet its 
payment obligations under the Notes or its other indebtedness. 
The Group faces significant competition in the markets in which it operates. 
The Group, in its ordinary course of business, competes in tender processes against various groups and 
companies.  It is difficult to predict whether the Group will be awarded new contracts due to multiple factors 
such as qualifications, reputation and customer relationships, and the ability to fulfil the contract in a timely, 
safe, and cost-efficient manner.  Furthermore, these groups and companies may have more experience or local 
awareness than the Group does and may have greater resources than the Group, whether material, technical or 
financial, or may demand lower returns on investment and be able to present better technical or economic bids 
compared to it.  Given this high level of competition, the Group may be unable to secure contracts for new 
concessions or to extend its current concession agreements.  If the Group is unable to obtain contracts for new 
concessions in order to sustain a revenue stream in line with the current ones, or if future concessions are only 
awarded under less favourable terms than the concessions the Group currently has, this could have a material 
adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
In addition, certain activities carried out by the Group, such as the operation of electronic tolling systems and 
provision of smart mobility solutions by Telepass, Yunex Traffic and the Abertis Group, require the Group 
continue investing in new products, services and technologies and enhancing existing products and services 
also to maintain the market share and comply with regulatory changes in the security field.  As the Group 
faces significant competition for the provision of such products and services, failure by the Group to continue 
developing of products, services and technologies could result in impairment of assets held by the Group 
which, in turn, could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of 
operations and the ability of the Issuer to meet its payment obligations under the Notes or its other 
indebtedness. 
AdR is primarily dependent on a limited number of airlines. 
The AdR Group has historically derived a significant portion of its turnover in any given year from a limited 
number of airlines, and primarily, up to the discontinuation of its aviation activities occurred on 15 October 
2021, Alitalia Società Aerea Italiana S.p.A. in extraordinary administration (amministrazione straordinaria). 
Currently, such limited number of airlines include Italia Trasporto Aereo S.p.A. (or ITA, the new Italian 
national carrier, fully owned by the Italian Ministry of Finance, that has commenced its operation on 15 
October 2021), Ryanair, Wizz Air, EasyJet, the Lufthansa Group (including Lufthansa, Swiss International 
Airlines, Eurowings and Brussels Airlines) and Air France–KLM. The possible decrease or discontinuation of 
flights by any of the other abovementioned carriers for any reason whatsoever including any deterioration of 
the financial condition of any of these airlines and in particular of ITA (for further information see “Business 
Description of the Group – Business Segments – Airports – AdR Group”), could adversely affect air traffic 
volume at the Rome Airport System with no guarantees on whether and, in the case, when it could be 
recovered.  These circumstances could have a material adverse effect on the AdR Group’s business, financial 
condition and results of operations and the ability of the Issuer to meet its payment obligations under the 
Notes or its other indebtedness. 
The Group could suffer losses due to environmental and social factors. 
The Group is subject to the risk of unforeseen, hostile or catastrophic events, many of which are outside of its 
control, including natural disasters, extreme weather events, explosions, fires, accidents, terrorist attacks or 
other hostile or catastrophic events.  Any significant environmental change or external event (including

--- Page 39 ---
30 
 
 
 
 
increased frequency and severity of storms, floods and other catastrophic events such as earthquake, pandemic 
(such as Covid – 19), other widespread health emergencies, civil unrest or terrorism events) has the potential 
to disrupt business activities, impact the Group’s operations or reputation, increase credit risk and other credit 
exposures, damage property and otherwise affect the value of assets and/or infrastructures held in the affected 
locations and the Group’s ability to recover amounts owing to it.  See also “ – The Group could be adversely 
affected by events that might cause reputational damage”. 
In addition, although the Issuer has adopted a code of ethics and human rights framework applicable to the 
Group’s operations and its relationships with third parties aimed at the prevention, mitigation and remediation 
of human rights violation, the Group could suffer losses due to violations of human rights arising from its 
activities (such as in respect of the Group’s relationship with its employees) and related business relationship 
(such as those resulting from actions taken by third party suppliers).   
The Group’s businesses could also suffer losses due to climate change.  Climate change is systemic in nature 
and is a significant long-term driver of both financial and non-financial risks.  Climate change related impacts 
include physical risks from changing climatic conditions and transition risks such as changes to laws and 
regulations, technology development and disruptions and consumer preferences.   
Although the Group monitor and manage human rights and climate change risks, a failure to respond to the 
potential and expected impacts may affect the Group’s performance and could have wide-ranging impacts for 
the Group.  Failure to effectively manage these risks could adversely affect the Group’s business, prospects, 
reputation, financial performance or financial condition. 
These circumstances could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and 
results of operations and the ability of the Issuer to meet its payment obligations under the Notes or its other 
indebtedness. 
The Group may not be able to implement the investment plans required under the concessions within the 
time frame and budget anticipated and the Group may not be able to recoup certain cost overruns. 
The ability of the Group to develop its infrastructure and to implement its projects is subject to many 
unforeseeable events linked to operational, economic and regulatory factors which are outside its control.  
Certain of the infrastructure concessions held by the Group require it to carry out a number of significant 
investment projects.  There can be no assurance that cost and time of completion estimates for the Group’s 
investment projects are accurate, particularly since some of the projects are in the preliminary stages of 
planning. 
The Group is subject to certain risks inherent in construction projects.  These risks may include: 
 
delays in obtaining a project’s regulatory approvals (including, but not limited to, environmental 
requirements and planning approvals at the national and local governmental levels); 
 
delays in obtaining approvals required for tariff increases sufficient to fund the project; 
 
changes in general economic, business and credit conditions; 
 
the non-performance or unsatisfactory performance of contractors and subcontractors (whether such 
work is performed by the Group or by third parties); 
 
the commencement of bankruptcy proceedings with respect to contractors and reopening of public 
tender procedures; 
 
interruptions resulting from litigation, inclement weather, revocation of approvals or additional 
requests from local authorities; 
 
interruptions and delays resulting from unforeseen environmental or engineering problems; 
 
shortages of materials and labour and increased costs of materials and labour, also as a result of 
increased inflation (see also “Risks Relating to the Issuer’s Business and Condition – Risks related to 
the impact of the global macroeconomic conditions”);

--- Page 40 ---
31 
 
 
 
 
 
claims from subcontractors; and 
 
expropriation procedures. 
In addition, the Group is subject to the general risk of cost overruns due to unexpected technical or structural 
issues arising during the construction works which require changes to be implemented with respect to 
approved projects as well as the general risk of delays, legal proceedings and unexpected expenses relating to 
contractors and subcontractors. 
Although the Group has significant experience in the construction sector and seeks to limit these risks, no 
assurance can be given that delays and cost overruns will not occur.  The tariffs agreed in advance of the 
commencement of a capital investment project generally do not entitle to recover losses caused by delays or 
cost overruns.  Consequently, failure to complete projects within the planned timeframe and/or budget could 
have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations and the 
ability of the Issuer to meet its payment obligations under the Notes and its other indebtedness. 
Risks related to the Notes generally 
None of the Issuer’s subsidiaries will guarantee its obligations under the Notes, and the Notes will be 
structurally subordinated to all indebtedness of the Issuer’s subsidiaries. 
The Issuer’s subsidiaries will have no obligation, contingent or otherwise, to pay amounts due under the Notes 
or to make any funds available to pay those amounts, whether by dividend, distribution, loan or other 
payment.  As at 31 December 2022, Abertis Infraestructuras had €12,753 million of gross financial 
indebtedness, Holding d’Infrastructures de Transport (“HIT”), a French subsidiary of the Abertis Group, had 
€4,450 million of gross financial indebtedness, AdR had €2,199 million of gross financial indebtedness, 
Overseas Motorways had €1,124 million of gross financial indebtedness (of which €300 million related to 
Brazil concessions and €824 million related to Chile concessions), Telepass had €370 million of gross 
financial indebtedness, and ACA had €291 million of gross financial indebtedness (each referring to the 
nominal value including bond issues and medium/long term borrowings).  Under the terms and conditions of a 
significant portion of the outstanding indebtedness of the Group companies there are no limits placed on the 
amount of unsecured indebtedness which such Group companies may incur, other than by virtue of their 
programme issuance limits. 
The Notes will be structurally subordinated to all indebtedness and other obligations of any Group company, 
even if such obligations do not constitute senior indebtedness, such that, in the event of insolvency, 
liquidation, reorganization, dissolution or other winding up of any subsidiary, all of such subsidiary’s creditors 
(including trade creditors and preferred stockholders, if any) would be entitled to payment in full out of such 
subsidiary’s assets before the Issuer would be entitled to any payment.  As a result, the Notes are effectively 
subordinated to all liabilities of the Issuer’s subsidiaries.  In addition, the Issuer’s subsidiaries may be subject 
to restrictions on their ability to distribute cash to the Issuer as a result of law and, as a result, the Issuer may 
not be able to access its cash flows to service its debt obligations, including the Notes.  See also “ – The Issuer 
is primarily a holding company that does not have revenue-generating operations of its own, and is dependent 
on receiving dividends from its operating subsidiaries to make payments on the Notes or meet its other 
obligations. Amongst these subsidiaries, the Abertis Group represents substantially all of the Group’s 
revenues and EBITDA. Such operating subsidiaries may not be able to make such payments in some 
circumstances or making such payments may result in increased costs for the Group”. 
There are certain risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes. 
A wide range of Notes may be issued under the Programme.  A number of these Notes may have features 
which contain particular risks for potential Noteholders.  Set out below is a description of the most common 
such features: 
Notes subject to optional redemption by the Issuer 
If in the case of any particular Tranche of the Notes the relevant Final Terms specifies that the Notes are 
redeemable at the Issuer’s option pursuant to the Conditions, the Issuer may choose to redeem the Notes at 
times when prevailing interest rates may be relatively low.

--- Page 41 ---
32 
 
 
 
 
An optional redemption feature of Notes is likely to limit their market value.  During any period when the 
Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially above 
the price at which they can be redeemed. Further, during any period in which there is an actual or perceived 
increase in the likelihood that the Issuer may redeem the Notes, the price of the Notes may also be adversely 
impacted. This also may be true prior to any redemption period.  The Issuer may elect to redeem Notes when 
its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the Notes.  At those times, an investor generally would 
not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the 
Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate.  Potential investors should 
consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that time. See “The Issuer may redeem the 
Notes prior to maturity and Noteholders may be unable to reinvest the proceeds of any such redemption in 
comparable securities”. 
Variable rate Notes with a multiplier or other leverage factor 
Notes with variable interest rates can be volatile investments.  If they are structured to include multipliers or 
other leverage factors, or caps or floors, or any combination of those features or other similar related features, 
their market values may be even more volatile than those for securities that do not include those features. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that the Issuer may elect to convert from a fixed rate to a 
floating rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate.  The Issuer’s ability to convert the interest rate will affect 
the secondary market and the market value of the Notes since the Issuer may be expected to convert the rate 
when it is likely to produce a lower overall cost of borrowing.  If the Issuer converts from a fixed rate to a 
floating rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads 
on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate.  In addition, the new floating rate at any 
time may be lower than the rates on other Notes.  If the Issuer converts from a floating rate to a fixed rate, the 
fixed rate may be lower than the prevailing rates on its Notes. 
The value of Fixed Rate Notes may change 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that subsequent changes in market interest rates may 
adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate Notes. 
Floating Rate Notes. 
Where the reference rate used to calculate the applicable interest rate turns negative, the interest rate will be 
below the margin, if any, or may be zero.  Accordingly, where the rate of interest is equal to zero, the holders 
of such Floating Rate Notes may not be entitled to interest payments for certain or all interest periods. 
Investors will not be able to calculate in advance their rate of return on floating rate notes  
A key difference between floating rate notes and fixed rate notes is that interest income on floating rate notes 
cannot be anticipated.  Due to varying interest income, investors are not able to determine a definite yield of 
floating rate notes at the time they purchase them, so that their return on investment cannot be compared with 
that of investments having longer fixed interest periods.  If the terms and conditions of the notes provide for 
frequent interest payment dates, investors are exposed to reinvestment risk if market interest rates decline.  
That is, investors may reinvest the interest income paid to them only at the relevant lower interest rates then 
prevailing.  In addition, the Issuer’s ability to also issue fixed rate notes may affect the market value and the 
secondary market (if any) of the floating rate notes (and vice versa).  Investment in Notes which bear interest 
at a floating rate comprise (i) a reference rate and (ii) a margin to be added or subtracted, as the case may be, 
from such base rate.  Typically, the relevant margin will not change throughout the life of the Notes but there 
will be a periodic adjustment (as specified in the relevant final terms) of the reference rate (e.g., every three 
months or six months) which itself will change in accordance with general market conditions.  Accordingly, 
the market value of floating rate Notes may be volatile if changes, particularly short term changes, to market 
interest rates evidenced by the relevant reference rate can only be reflected in the interest rate of these Notes 
upon the next periodic adjustment of the relevant reference rate.

--- Page 42 ---
33 
 
 
 
 
Risks associated with the reform of EURIBOR and other interest rate ‘benchmarks’. 
The Euro Interbank Offered Rate (“EURIBOR”) and other interest rates and indices which are deemed to be 
“benchmarks” are the subject of national and international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform.  
Some of these reforms are already effective while others are still to be implemented.  These reforms may 
cause such “benchmarks” to perform differently than in the past, or to disappear entirely, or have other 
consequences which cannot be predicted.  Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on any 
Notes linked to such a “benchmark” including on the value, liquidity or return on such Notes. 
Key international reforms of “benchmarks” include the International Organization of Securities Commission 
(“IOSCO”)’s proposed Principles for Financial Market Benchmarks (July 2013) (the “IOSCO Benchmark 
Principles”) and the Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 8 June 
2016 on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and financial contracts or to measure the 
performance of investment funds and amending Directives 2008/48/EC and 2014/17/EU and Regulation (EU) 
No. 596/2014 (the “EU BMR”). 
On 17 May 2016, the Council of the European Union adopted the BMR, which entered into force on 30 June 
2016.  Subject to various transitional provisions, the BMR applies from 1 January 2018, except that the 
regime for ‘critical’ benchmarks has applied since 30 June 2016 and certain amendments to Regulation (EU) 
No. 596/2014 (the “Market Abuse Regulation”) have applied from 3 July 2016.  The BMR applies, subject 
to certain transitional provisions, to the provision of “benchmarks”, the contribution of input data to a 
“benchmark” and the use of a “benchmark” within the EU.  The BMR applies to ‘contributors’, 
‘administrators’ and ‘users’ of ‘benchmarks’ in the EU, and, among other things, (i) requires benchmark 
administrators to be authorised (or, if non-EU-based, to have satisfied certain ‘equivalence’ conditions in its 
local jurisdiction, to be ‘recognised’ by the authorities of a Member State pending an equivalence decision or 
to be ‘endorsed’ for such purpose by an EU competent authority) and to comply with requirements in relation 
to the administration of ‘benchmarks’ and (ii) bans the use of ‘benchmarks’ of unauthorised administrators  
(or, if non-EU based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed).  Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK BMR”) among other things, applies to the 
provision of benchmarks and the use of a benchmark in the UK.  Similarly, it prohibits the use in the UK by 
UK supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised by the FCA or registered on 
the FCA register (or, if non-UK based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed).  The scope of the 
EU BMR and UK BMR is wide and, in addition to so-called ‘critical benchmark’ indices such as EURIBOR, 
will apply to many other interest rate indices, as well as equity, commodity and foreign exchange rate indices 
and other indices (including “proprietary” indices or strategies) which are referenced in listed financial 
instruments (including listed Notes), financial contracts and investment funds. 
The EU BMR and/or the UK BMR, as applicable, could also have a material impact on any Notes linked to a 
“benchmark” index, including in any of the following circumstances: 
(i) 
an index which is a “benchmark” could not be used as such if its administrator does not obtain 
appropriate authorisations or is based in a non-EU or non-UK (as applicable) jurisdiction which 
(subject to any applicable transitional provisions) does not have equivalent regulation.  In such event, 
depending on the particular “benchmark” and the applicable terms of the Notes, the Notes could be 
delisted (if listed), adjusted, redeemed or otherwise impacted; 
(ii) 
the methodology or other terms of the “benchmark” related to a series of Notes could be changed in 
order to comply with the terms of the EU BMR and/or the UK BMR, as applicable, and such changes 
could have the effect of reducing or increasing the rate or level of the “benchmark” or of affecting the 
volatility of the published rate or level, and could lead to adjustments to the terms of the Notes, 
including Calculation Agent determination of the rate or level in its discretion. 
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms (or proposals for reform), the discontinuing of, or 
the general increased regulatory scrutiny of “benchmarks” could increase the costs and risks of administering 
or otherwise participating in the setting of a “benchmark” and complying with any such regulations or 
requirements.   
The euro risk free-rate working group for the euro area has published a set of guiding principles and high level 
recommendations for fallback provisions in, amongst other things, new euro denominated cash products

--- Page 43 ---
34 
 
 
 
 
(including bonds) referencing EURIBOR.  The guiding principles indicate, amongst other things, that 
continuing to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts (without robust fallback provisions) may increase the 
risk to the euro area financial system. On 11 May 2021, the euro risk-free rate working group published its 
recommendations on EURIBOR fallback trigger events and fallback rates. 
Such factors may, without limitation, have the effect of discouraging market participants from continuing to 
administer or participate in certain “benchmarks”, trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in 
certain “benchmarks” or lead to the disappearance of certain “benchmarks”.  The disappearance of a 
“benchmark” or changes in the manner of administration of a “benchmark” could result in adjustment to the 
terms and conditions, early redemption, discretionary valuation by the Issuer, delisting (if listed) or other 
consequence in relation to Notes linked to such “benchmark”.  Any such consequence could have a material 
adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Notes. 
The Conditions provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a Benchmark Event (as defined in 
the Conditions) occurs in respect of an Original Reference Rate or other relevant reference rate and/or any 
page on which such benchmark may be published (or any other successor service) becomes unavailable. Such 
fallback arrangements include the possibility that the Rate of Interest could be set by reference to a Successor 
Rate or an Alternative Rate (both as defined in the Conditions), with the application of an adjustment spread 
(which could be positive, negative or zero), and may include amendments to the Conditions to ensure the 
proper operation of the new benchmark, all as determined by the Issuer (acting in good faith and in 
consultation with an Independent Adviser) and as more fully described at Condition 5(j) (Benchmark 
Discontinuation). It is possible that the adoption of a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, including any 
adjustment spread, may result in any Notes linked to or referencing an Original Reference Rate performing 
differently (which may include payment of a lower Rate of Interest) than they would if the Original Reference 
Rate were to continue to apply in its current form. There is also a risk that the relevant fallback provisions 
may not operate as expected or intended at the relevant time.  
Furthermore, in certain circumstances, the ultimate fallback for the purposes of calculation of the Rate of 
Interest for a particular Interest Period may result in the Rate of Interest for the last preceding Interest Period 
being used. This may result in the effective application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes based on the 
rate which was last observed on the Relevant Screen Page. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential 
risks imposed by the EU BMR and/or the UK BMR, as applicable, or any of the international or national 
reforms and the possible application of the benchmark replacement provisions of Notes in making any 
investment decision with respect to any Notes referencing a benchmark. 
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium from their principal amount tend 
to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional 
interest-bearing securities.  Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the price 
volatility as compared to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. 
The Notes do not restrict the amount of unsecured debt which the Issuer may incur. 
The Conditions of the Notes do not contain any restriction on the amount of unsecured indebtedness which the 
Issuer and its Subsidiaries may from time to time incur.  In the event of any insolvency or winding-up of the 
Issuer, the Notes will rank equally with the Issuer’s other unsecured senior indebtedness and, accordingly, any 
increase in the amount of the Issuer’s unsecured senior indebtedness in the future may reduce the amount 
recoverable by Noteholders.  In addition, the Notes are unsecured and, save as provided in Condition 4(a) 
(Negative Pledge), do not contain any restriction on the giving of security by the Issuer and its Principal 
Subsidiaries (as defined in the Conditions) over present and future indebtedness. 
Where security has been granted over assets of the Issuer to secure indebtedness, in the event of any 
insolvency or winding-up of the Issuer, such indebtedness will rank in priority over the Notes and other 
unsecured indebtedness of the Issuer in respect of such assets.  In relation to the indebtedness of the Issuer, see 
also “— The Group’s leverage may have significant adverse financial and economic effects on the Group” 
above.

--- Page 44 ---
35 
 
 
 
 
The Notes  contain limited provisions governing the Group’s operations and the Issuer’s ability to merge, 
effect asset sales (other than in relation to a Material Asset Sale) or otherwise effect significant 
transactions that may have a material and adverse effect on the Notes and the holders thereof. 
The Conditions of the Notes contain limited provisions governing the Group’s operations and, other than in 
relation to a Material Asset Sale, do not limit its ability to enter into a merger, asset sale or other significant 
transaction that could materially alter its existence, jurisdiction of organisation or regulatory regime and/or its 
composition and its business.  In the event the Group was to enter into such a transaction, Noteholders could 
be materially and adversely affected. 
The Issuer may be unable to redeem the Notes as required upon a Material Asset Sale Put Event, nor may 
it be able to repay its indebtedness if a mandatory prepayment is triggered. 
If the Issuer experiences a Material Asset Sale Put Event or a mandatory prepayment is triggered with respect 
to the loan agreements entered into by the Issuer, the Issuer will be required to redeem any such indebtedness 
in respect of which a Material Asset Sale Put Option is exercised or a mandatory prepayment is triggered, in 
each case at the relevant redemption amount (which may include penalties).  However, the Issuer may be 
unable to do so because it may not have enough available funds, particularly since a Material Asset Sale Put 
Event or a mandatory prepayment could in certain circumstances cause part or all of its other debt to become 
due and payable.  See “Terms and Conditions of the Notes—Redemption at the Option of Noteholders on the 
occurrence of a Material Asset Sale Put Event”.  
Step Up Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors seeking exposure to assets with 
sustainability characteristics. 
The interest rate relating to the Step Up Notes is subject to upward adjustment in certain circumstances 
specified in the Conditions, on the occurrence of a KPI 1 Event and/or a KPI 2 Event (each as defined in the 
Conditions).  The Step Up Notes are not being marketed as green bonds, social bonds or similar purpose 
financing instrument, since the Issuer does not intend to allocate the net proceeds specifically to projects or 
business activities meeting environmental, sustainability or social criteria, or be subject to any other 
limitations associated with such instruments. See also “Use of Proceeds”. 
The Step Up Notes may not satisfy an investor’s requirements or any future legal or quasi legal standards for 
investment in assets with sustainability characteristics and the definition of greenhouse gases emissions used 
in the Conditions may be inconsistent with investor requirements or expectation or other definitions relevant 
to greenhouse gas emissions. 
Although the Issuer targets decreasing the Group’s greenhouse gas emissions footprint, there can be no 
assurance of the extent to which it will be successful in doing so or that any future investments it makes in 
furtherance of these targets will meet investor expectations or any binding or non-binding legal standards 
regarding sustainability performance, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its 
own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any direct 
or indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact.  Adverse environmental or social impacts may occur 
during the design, construction and operation of any investments the Issuer makes in furtherance of this target 
or such investments may become controversial or criticized by activist groups or other stakeholders. 
Furthermore, in the event that the Step Up Notes are listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated green, 
environmental, sustainable or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or securities market 
(whether or not regulated), no representation or assurance is given by the Issuer, the Dealers, the Trustee or 
any other person that such listing or admission satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any present or future 
investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such 
investor or its investments are required to comply. Additionally, it should be noted that the criteria for any 
such listings or admission to trading may vary from one stock exchange or securities market to another. Nor is 
any representation or assurance given or made by the Issuer, the Dealers, the Trustee or any person that any 
such listing or admission to trading will be obtained in respect of such Notes or, if obtained, that any such 
listing or admission to trading will be maintained during the life of the Step Up Notes. 
A basis for the determination of the definitions of “sustainability-linked” has been established in the EU with 
the publication in the Official Journal of the EU on 22 June 2020 of the Sustainable Finance Taxonomy

--- Page 45 ---
36 
 
 
 
 
Regulation on the establishment of the EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy and the Sustainable Finance 
Taxonomy Regulation Delegated Acts; however the EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy is subject to further 
evolution by way of the implementation by the European Commission through the formal adoption of the 
Sustainable Finance Taxonomy Regulation Delegated Acts. It is not known to what extent the investments 
planned in the Group’s sustainability strategy will satisfy those criteria. Pending development of the technical 
screening criteria for such objectives, there is no certainty to what extent the investments planned in the 
Group’s sustainability strategy (also underlying the Notes through their link to certain key performance 
indicators) will be aligned with the EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy and the Sustainable Finance 
Taxonomy Regulation Delegated Acts.  
The Sustainability-Linked Bond Second-party Opinion issued in respect of the Step Up Notes does not 
reflect all the features which may be associated with such debt securities nor does it discuss all risks related 
to the Step Up Notes. 
Sustainalytics has reviewed the Issuer’s Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework and issued a second 
party opinion on 9 November 2022 (the “Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework Second-party 
Opinion”) confirming the adherence of the Issuer’s Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework with the 
Sustainability-Linked Bond Principles administered by ICMA. 
However, as there is currently no clearly-defined definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, nor market 
consensus as to what constitutes a “sustainable” or “sustainability-linked” or equivalently-labelled project or 
as to what precise attributes are required for a particular project to be defined as “sustainable” or 
“sustainability-linked” (and, in addition, the requirements of any such label may evolve from time to time), no 
assurance is or can be given to investors by the Issuer, any other member of the Group, the Dealers, any of 
their respective affiliates, any second party opinion providers or the Assurance Provider that the Notes will 
meet any or all investor expectations regarding the Step Up Notes or the Group’s targets qualifying as 
“sustainable” or “sustainability-linked” or that any adverse other impacts will not occur in connection with the 
Group striving to achieve such targets. 
Furthermore, the Sustainability-Linked Bond Second-party Opinion may not reflect all the features of the Step 
Up Notes nor the potential impact of all risks related to the structure, market, additional risk factors discussed 
above and other factors that may affect the value of such Notes.  Furthermore, any such Sustainability-Linked 
Bond Second-party Opinion would only be valid as of the date it is released and the Issuer does not assume 
any obligation or responsibility to release any update or revision of its Sustainability-Linked Financing 
Framework.  A withdrawal of the Sustainability-Linked Bond Second-party Opinion may affect the value of 
the Step Up Notes and/or may have consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in 
sustainability-linked assets. 
Moreover, a Sustainability-Linked Bond Second-party Opinion provider and providers of similar opinions, 
reports and certifications are not currently subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. Any 
such opinion, report or certification is not, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Issuer, any 
member of the Group, the Bookrunners or any Sustainability-Linked Bond Second-party Opinion providers or 
any other person to buy, sell or hold Step Up Notes.  
Holders of Step Up Notes have no recourse against the Issuer, the Dealers or the provider of any such opinion, 
report or certification for the contents of any such opinion, report or certification, which is only current as at 
the date it was initially issued. Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such 
opinion, report or certification and/or the information contained therein and/or the provider of such opinion, 
report or certification for the purpose of any investment in the Step Up Notes. Any withdrawal of any such 
opinion, report or certification or any such opinion, report or certification attesting that the Group is not 
complying in whole or in part with any matters for which such opinion, report or certification is opining on or 
certifying on may have a material adverse effect on the value of the Step Up Notes and/or result in adverse 
consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for a particular 
purpose. 
Investors should therefore make their own assessment as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose 
whatsoever of any opinion, report or certification of any third party in connection with any offering of Step 
Up Notes.

--- Page 46 ---
37 
 
 
 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, as stated above, any such framework, opinion, report or certification and any other 
document related thereto is not, nor shall it be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Offering 
Circular. 
Step Up Notes include certain triggers linked to sustainability key performance indicators and recalculation 
provisions. 
Step Up Notes include triggers linked to sustainability key performance indicators (see “ – Step Up Notes may 
not be a suitable investment for all investors seeking exposure to assets with sustainability characteristics”), 
the failure to meet any of which will result in increased interest amounts being payable under the Step Up 
Notes, which would increase the Group’s cost of funding and which could have a material adverse effect on 
the Group, its business prospects, its financial condition or its results of operations. 
The Conditions applicable to Step Up Notes permit the Issuer and/or Abertis and/or AdR to redetermine 
certain aspects of the key performance indicators captured in, as appropriate, the KPI 1 Condition and KPI 2 
Condition. Accordingly, while any such redetermination must be carried out and disclosed in accordance with 
the Conditions and verified by an independent reviewer, any redetermination may decrease the volume of 
greenhouse gas used as a baseline and therefore may decrease the total volume of reduction of greenhouse gas 
or the number of electric vehicles charging points that needs to be achieved by the Group in order to satisfy 
such conditions and avoid the occurrence of a Step Up Event. 
No Event of Default shall occur under the Step Up Notes, nor will the Issuer be required to repurchase or 
redeem such Step Up Notes, if the Issuer fails to comply with the KPI 1 Condition, KPI 2 Condition or the 
Reporting Requirements. 
Failure to meet the relevant sustainability targets may have a material impact on the market price of the 
Step Up Notes and could expose the Group to reputational risks.  
Although the Issuer’s intention will be to meet the sustainability targets required to avoid the incurrence of a 
Step Up Event (the “Sustainability Targets”), there can be no assurance of the extent to which it will be 
successful in doing so, that the Issuer may decide not to continue with achieving such Sustainability Targets 
or that any future investments it makes in furtherance of achieving such objectives will meet investor 
expectations or any binding or non-binding legal standards regarding sustainability performance, whether by 
any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or 
investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, sustainability 
or social impact.  
Any of the above could adversely impact the trading price of the Step Up Notes and the price at which a 
holder of the Notes will be able to sell its Step Up Notes in such circumstance prior to maturity may be at a 
discount, which could be substantial, from the issue price or the purchase price paid by such Noteholder. See 
also “ – Step Up Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors seeking exposure to assets with 
sustainability characteristics” above for a description of the risk that the Step Up Notes may not satisfy an 
investor’s requirements or any future legal or other standards for investment in assets with sustainability 
characteristics.  
Any failure to meet such sustainability key performance indicators will result in increased interest amounts 
under such Step Up Notes, which would increase the Group’s cost of funding and which could have a material 
adverse effect on the Group, its business prospects, its financial condition or its results of operations.  
In addition, a failure by the Group to satisfy the Sustainability Targets could also harm the Group’s reputation. 
Furthermore, the Group’s efforts in reaching the Sustainability Targets may become controversial or be 
criticised by activist groups or other stakeholders. Each of such circumstances could have a material adverse 
effect on the Group, its business prospects, its financial condition or its results of operations. 
Lastly, no Event of Default shall occur under the Step Up Notes, nor will the Issuer be required to repurchase 
or redeem such Step Up Notes, if the Issuer fails to meet any of the Sustainability Targets (including if a KPI 
1 Event and/or a KPI 2 Event occurs), or if it fails to comply with the Reporting Requirements (as defined in 
Condition 4.4) or the applicable Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework, although such failure may result 
in the occurrence of a Step Up Event.

--- Page 47 ---
38 
 
 
 
 
The Issuer may amend the economic terms and conditions of the Notes without the prior consent of all 
holders of such Notes. 
The Trust Deed and the Conditions contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider matters 
affecting their interests generally.  These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders, 
including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting, and Noteholders who voted in a 
manner contrary to the majority.  Any such amendment to the Notes may include, without limitation, lowering 
the ranking of the Notes, reducing the amount of principal and interest payable on the Notes, changing the 
time and manner of payment, changing provisions relating to redemption, limiting remedies on the Notes, and 
changing the amendment provisions.  These and other changes may adversely impact Noteholders’ rights and 
may adversely impact the market value of the Notes. 
The Conditions also provide that the Trustee may, without the consent of Noteholders, agree to (i) any 
modification of, or to the waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed breach of, any of the provisions of 
the Trust Deed or (ii) the substitution of another company as principal debtor under any Notes in place of the 
Issuer, in the circumstances described in Condition 11 of the Conditions. 
Risk connected with the possibility of changes to the tax regime of the Notes for which holders may not 
receive additional amounts. 
It is not possible to predict whether the tax regime applicable on the interest and on other income, including 
capital gains, deriving from the Notes, will undergo changes during the life of such Notes; therefore it cannot 
be ruled out that, in the event of such changes, the net values indicated may alter, perhaps significantly, from 
those that actually apply to the Notes at the various payment dates.Any greater fiscal charges on profits or on 
capital gains in connection with the Notes, with reference to those payable under the applicable tax 
regulations, following legislative or regulatory changes, or as a result of a change of practice in terms of 
interpretation of the rules by the financial administration, will consequently mean a reduction in the return on 
the Notes, net of the tax charge. 
In that event, subject to a number of exceptions, the Issuer will pay such additional amounts that may result in 
the holders of the Notes receiving such amounts that they would have received in regards to such Notes had 
no such withholding or deduction been required. The Issuer is not liable to pay any additional amounts to 
holders of the Notes in certain circumstances, including if any withholding or deduction is required pursuant 
to Italian Legislative Decree No. 239 of April 1, 1996 (as amended or supplemented) (“Decree 239”) and any 
related implementing regulations. In those circumstances, investors will receive the proceeds of their 
investment in the Notes, net of applicable withholding or deductions.   
In particular, holders of Notes that are not residents in white list countries (as identified currently in 
Ministerial Decree of 4 September 1996, as subsequently amended and supplemented), holders who are 
residents in white list countries that do not properly and promptly comply with certain certification and 
procedural requirements set forth by Decree 239 and by the relevant application rules to benefit from 
exemption from Italian taxation, and certain categories of holders of the Notes who are residents in Italy, will 
therefore only receive the net proceeds of their investment in the Notes and will not be paid any additional 
amounts to compensate them for the withholding or deduction. 
Tax law in Italy may restrict the deductibility of all or a portion of the interest expenses of the Issuer or the 
Group’s indebtedness, including interest expenses in respect of the Notes. 
Article 96 of Decree No. 917 of 22 December 1986 (“Decree 917”) outlines the general rules on deductibility 
of interest expenses for Italian corporate income tax purposes.  Specifically, subject to certain exceptions, 
such rules allow for the full tax deductibility of interest expenses and assimilated costs (collectively “Interest 
Expenses”) incurred by an Italian tax resident company in each fiscal year up to the amount of the interest 
income and assimilated proceeds (collectively “Interest Income”) accrued in the same fiscal year, as 
evidenced by the relevant annual financial statements.  Any excess interest expense over that amount is 
deductible up to 30 per cent. of the gross operating income (i.e. earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation 
and amortization, EBITDA; or “ROL”) derived through the core business of the company.  If, in a fiscal year, 
there is an excess of 30% ROL over the net Interest Expenses, the excess may be carried forward for the 
following five fiscal years and may be used to increase the relevant ROL threshold in the following fiscal 
years.  Interest Expenses not deducted in a fiscal year can be carried forward to the following fiscal years,

--- Page 48 ---
39 
 
 
 
 
provided that, in such fiscal years, the amount by which Interest Expenses exceeds Interest Income is lower 
than 30% of ROL.  In case a resident company is part of a domestic fiscal unit (tax consolidation), Interest 
Expenses that cannot be deducted at stand-alone level by an entity belonging to the fiscal unit due to a lack of 
sufficient ROL can be deducted at the fiscal unit level to the extent of the excess ROL of other companies 
belonging to the same fiscal unit.  Under Article 4 of Legislative Decree No. 147 of 14 September 2015, 
published in the Official Gazette No. 220 of 22 September 2015 (“Internationalisation Decree”), starting 
from 1 January 2016 ROL of non-resident controlled companies is no longer taken into account for interest 
deduction purposes.  Under certain conditions, however, dividends paid by non-resident controlled companies 
to their Italian parent companies will increase the ROL of the Italian receiving companies. 
Italian Legislative Decree n. 142 of 29 November 2018, enacting the EU anti-tax avoidance package was 
published in the Official Gazette on 28 December 2018.  The Italian ATAD Decree transposes EU Directive 
2016/1164 (ATAD 1) – as amended by EU Directive 2017/952 (ATAD 2) – into the Italian legal system, 
providing rules against the erosion of taxable bases in the internal market and the shifting of profits out of the 
Italian market.  Such rules are aimed at tackling double deduction or “deduction without inclusion” (deduction 
of a negative income component in one country, such as interest expenses under the Notes, without any 
taxation in the other country) due to a different characterisation of financial instruments, payments, entities, 
and permanent establishments in various countries.  The rules apply to mismatches occurring between 
taxpayers considered to be associated enterprises or arising in the context of a structured arrangement between 
two non-associated taxpayers. 
The Italian tax authorities have in certain instances totally or partially limited the deductibility of the interest 
expenses arising in connection with certain acquisition financing, refinancing of previous acquisitions’ 
indebtedness, dividend recapitalisations or other transactions with shareholders (such as transfer of shares 
intragroup).  This position has been taken by arguing that the actual beneficiary of the transaction which 
generated the interest expense was not the acquiring entity, but its shareholders.  Moreover, in circumstances 
where the Italian company deducting the interest expenses accrued on the aforementioned transactions was 
controlled by a non-Italian resident entity, the Italian tax authorities argued that such interest expense should 
have been re charged at arm’s length to the non-Italian resident shareholders.  To date, tax courts have not 
ruled in a consistent way with respect to these cases, although there is jurisprudence in favour of the 
taxpayer’s position.  The Italian tax authorities have recently ruled that the deduction of interest expenses 
arising from indebtedness, incurred with third parties in the context of the acquisition transactions, should not 
be denied when such acquisitions are genuinely held. 
In addition, there can be no assurance that in the case of a tax audit, the relevant tax authorities would not try 
to challenge the deductibility of interest expenses arising in connection with the component of any financing 
used, in whole or in part, to refinance an outstanding loan or debt, when the terms and conditions of the 
refinancing transaction appear less favourable than the ones of the previous financing transaction.  In 
particular, in such circumstances, the relevant tax authorities could argue that the interest expenses arising 
from such financing does not relate to the business of the borrowing entity (as the relevant transaction is 
deemed as “anti-economic” and as such not compliant with the “inherence” principle set out under Italian tax 
law). 
Any future changes in Italian tax laws or in their interpretation or application (including any future limitation 
on the use of the ROL of the Issuer and its Italian subsidiaries or changes in the tax treatment of Interest 
Expenses arising from any indebtedness incurred by the Issuer and its subsidiaries, including in respect of the 
Notes), the failure to satisfy the applicable Italian legal requirements relating to the deductibility of Interest 
Expenses incurred in respect of the Notes or the application by the Italian tax authorities of certain existing 
interpretations of Italian tax law may result in the Issuer or the Group’s inability to fully deduct their Interest 
Expenses in respect of the Notes, which may have a material adverse impact on the Group’s business, 
financial condition, results of operations or prospects. 
Change of law. 
The Conditions of the Notes are based on English law in effect as at the Issue Date of the relevant Tranche of 
Notes. In addition, paragraphs (a) (Meetings of Noteholders) and (b) (Noteholders' Representative) of 
Condition 11 (Meetings of Noteholders, Modification, Waiver, Threshold Increase and Substitution) and the 
provisions of the Trust Deed concerning the meetings of Noteholders and the appointment of a Noteholders'

--- Page 49 ---
40 
 
 
 
 
Representative in respect of the Notes are subject to compliance with the mandatory laws of the Republic of 
Italy. No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to English or 
Italian law or administrative practice after the date of the Issue Date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and any 
such change could materially adversely impact the value of any Notes affected by it.  
The Issuer may redeem the Notes prior to maturity and Noteholders may be unable to reinvest the proceeds 
of any such redemption in comparable securities. 
Unless in the case of any particular Tranche of Notes the applicable Final Terms specifies otherwise, in the 
event that the Issuer would be obliged to increase the amounts payable in respect of any Notes due to any 
withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf of 
Italy or any political subdivision thereof or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, the Issuer 
may redeem all outstanding Notes in accordance with the Conditions. 
In addition, if in the case of any particular Tranche of Notes the applicable Final Terms specifies that the 
Notes are redeemable at the Issuer’s option or in certain other circumstances, the Issuer may choose to redeem 
those Notes at times when prevailing interest rates may be relatively low.  In such circumstances, a 
Noteholder may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a comparable security at an effective 
interest rate as high as that of the Notes. 
In addition, with respect to the Clean-up Call Option (Condition 6(g)), there is no obligation on the Issuer to 
inform investors if and when 80 per cent. or more of original aggregate principal amount of the relevant 
Tranche of Notes has been redeemed or is about to be redeemed, and the Issuer’s right to redeem will exist 
notwithstanding that immediately prior to the serving of a notice in respect of the exercise of the Clean-up 
Call Option the Notes may have been trading significantly above par, thus potentially resulting in a loss of 
capital invested. 
Because the Global Notes are held by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, Noteholders will have to 
rely on their procedures for transfer, payment and communication with the Issuer. 
Notes issued under the Programme may be represented by one or more Global Notes, which will be deposited 
with a common depositary or a common safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg.  Except in 
the circumstances described in the relevant Global Note and the applicable Final Terms, Noteholders will not 
be entitled to receive definitive Notes.  Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will maintain records of the 
beneficial interests in the Global Notes.  While the Notes are represented by one or more Global Notes, 
Noteholders will be able to trade their beneficial interests only through Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. 
While the Notes are represented by one or more Global Notes, the Issuer will discharge its payment 
obligations under the Notes by making payments to the common depositary or common safekeeper for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg for distribution to their account holders.  The Issuer has no 
responsibility or liability for the records relating to, or payments made in respect of, beneficial interests in the 
Global Notes.  A holder of a beneficial interest in a Global Note must rely on the procedures of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg to receive payments under the relevant Notes.  The Issuer cannot assure holders 
that the procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be adequate to ensure that holders receive 
payments in a timely manner.  A holder of beneficial interests in the Global Notes will not have a direct right 
to vote in respect of the relevant Notes.  Instead, such holders will be permitted to act only to the extent that 
they are enabled by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to appoint appropriate proxies. 
Denominations. 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have a denomination consisting of the minimum Specified 
Denomination plus a higher integral multiple of another smaller amount, it is possible that the Notes may be 
traded in amounts in excess of €100,000 (or its equivalent) that are not integral multiples of €100,000 (or its 
equivalent).  In such a case, a Noteholder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds a principal amount 
of less than the minimum Specified Denomination may not receive a definitive Note (should definitive notes 
be printed) and may need to purchase a principal amount of Notes such that its holding is an integral multiple 
of the minimum Specified Denomination.

--- Page 50 ---
41 
 
 
 
 
If Definitive Notes are issued, Noteholders should be aware that Definitive Notes which have a denomination 
that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and difficult to trade. 
The appointment of a Calculation Agent may result in conflicts of interest. 
The Issuer may appoint a Dealer as Calculation Agent in respect of an issuance of Notes under the 
Programme.  In such a case the Calculation Agent is likely to be a member of an international financial group 
that is involved, in the ordinary course of its business, in a wide range of banking activities out of which 
conflicting interests may arise.  Whilst such a Calculation Agent will, where relevant, have information 
barriers and procedures in place to manage conflicts of interest, it may in its other banking activities from time 
to time be engaged in transactions involving an index or related derivatives which may affect amounts 
receivable by Noteholders during the term and on the maturity of the Notes or the market price, liquidity or 
value of the Notes and which could be deemed to be adverse to the interests of the Noteholders. 
Risks related to the market generally 
No prior market for Notes — if an active trading market does not develop for the Notes, the Notes may not 
be able to be resold. 
There is no existing market for the Notes, and there can be no assurance regarding the future development of a 
market for the Notes.  Although application has been made to list the Notes issued under this Programme on 
Euronext Dublin, no assurance can be made that the Notes will become or remain listed. 
No assurance can be made as to the liquidity of any market that may develop for the Notes, the ability of 
Noteholders to sell the Notes or the price at which Noteholders may be able to sell the Notes.  The liquidity of 
any market for the Notes will depend on the number of Noteholders, prevailing interest rates, the market for 
similar securities and other factors, including general economic conditions and the Group’s financial 
condition, performance and prospects, as well as recommendations of securities analysts.  As a result, there 
can be no assurance that an active trading market for the Notes will develop or, if one does develop, that it 
will be maintained.  Illiquidity may have a severely adverse effect on the market value of the Notes. 
Fluctuations in exchange rates may adversely affect the value of Notes. 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency (as defined in the applicable 
Final Terms).  This presents certain risks relating to currency conversions if a Noteholder’s financial activities 
are denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the “Noteholder’s Currency”) other than the 
Specified Currency.  These include the risk that there may be a material change in the exchange rate between 
the Specified Currency and the Noteholder’s Currency or that a modification of exchange controls by the 
applicable authorities with jurisdiction over the Noteholder’s Currency will be imposed.  The Issuer has no 
control over the factors that generally affect these risks, such as economic, financial and political events and 
the supply and demand for the applicable currencies.  Moreover, if payments on the Notes are determined by 
reference to a formula containing a multiplier or leverage factor, the effect of any change in the exchange rates 
between the applicable currencies will be magnified.  In recent years, exchange rates between certain 
currencies have been volatile and volatility between such currencies or with other currencies may be expected 
in the future.  An appreciation in the value of the Noteholder’s Currency relative to the Specified Currency 
would decrease (i) the Noteholder’s Currency equivalent yield on the Notes, (ii) the Noteholder’s Currency 
equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (iii) the Noteholder’s Currency equivalent market 
value of the Notes.  Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) 
exchange controls that could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate.  As a result, Noteholders may 
receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or principal. 
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks. 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Notes.  The ratings may not 
reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed above, and 
other factors that may affect the value of the Notes.  Series of Notes issued under the Programme may be rated 
or unrated. Where a Series of Notes is rated, such rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating(s) 
assigned to the Issuer from time to time or to the Notes issued under the Programme. In addition, real or 
anticipated changes in the Issuer’s credit ratings or the credit ratings of the Notes will generally affect the

--- Page 51 ---
42 
 
 
 
 
market value of the Notes.  A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be 
revised or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time.   
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under Regulation (EC) No.1060/2009 (as amended) 
(the “CRA Regulation”) from using credit ratings for regulatory purposes, unless such ratings are issued by a 
credit rating agency established in the EU and registered under the CRA Regulation (and such registration has 
not been withdrawn or suspended).  Such general restriction will also apply in the case of credit ratings issued 
by non-EU credit rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are endorsed by an EU-registered credit 
rating agency or the relevant non-EU rating agency is certified in accordance with the CRA Regulation (and 
such endorsement action or certification, as the case may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended).  The list 
of registered and certified rating agencies published by ESMA on its website in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation is not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant rating agency included in such list, as there 
may be delays between certain supervisory measures being taken against a relevant rating agency and the 
publication of the updated ESMA list. 
Furthermore, UK regulated investors are subject to similar restrictions under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 
as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK CRA Regulation”).  As such, UK 
regulated investors are required to use for UK regulatory purposes ratings issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation.  In the case of ratings issued by third 
country non-UK credit rating agencies, third country credit ratings can either be:  (a) endorsed by a UK 
registered credit rating agency; or (b) issued by a third country credit rating agency that is certified in 
accordance with the UK CRA Regulation.  Note this is subject, in each case, to (a) the relevant UK 
registration, certification or endorsement, as the case may be, not having been withdrawn or suspended, and 
(b) transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances.  In the case of third country ratings, for a 
certain limited period of time, transitional relief accommodates continued use for regulatory purposes in the 
UK, of existing pre-2021 ratings, provided the relevant conditions are satisfied. 
If the status of the rating agency rating the Notes changes for the purposes of the CRA Regulation or the UK 
CRA Regulation, relevant regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for regulatory purposes 
in the EEA or the UK, as applicable, and the Notes may have a different regulatory treatment, which may 
impact the value of the Notes and their liquidity in the secondary market. Certain information with respect to 
the credit rating agencies and ratings is set out on the cover of this Offering Circular. 
No assurance can be given that the Notes will be listed or that, once listed, such listing will be maintained 
or that such listing will satisfy the listing requirement of Decree 239. 
Application has been made for the Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to trading on the 
regulated market of Euronext Dublin and to be listed in the Official List of Euronext Dublin.   
However, such listing may not meet the listing requirements established by Decree 239 and by the Italian tax 
authorities, which in Circular Letter No. 4/E of 6 March 2013 stated that the listing requirement has to be 
satisfied upon the Issue Date.  Considering that there cannot be assurance that the Notes will be listed on the 
Issue Date, there may be the risk that the Notes may not fall within the scope of, and benefit from, the tax 
regime set forth in Decree 239.  If this were the case, payments of interest, premium and other income with 
respect to the Notes would be subject to a withholding tax generally at a rate of 26 per cent. (potentially 
reduced (generally to a 10 per cent. rate) under certain applicable tax treaties entered into by Italy, subject to 
timely filing of the required documentation). 
The Issuer cannot assure you that the Notes will become, or remain listed. If the Notes are listed on the 
Official List of Euronext Dublin and admitted to trading on regulated market of Euronext Dublin, and the 
Issuer can no longer maintain such listing or if it becomes unduly burdensome to make or maintain such 
listing, the Issuer may cease to make or maintain such listing. 
Unlisted notes issued by companies other than banks, companies whose shares are traded on a regulated 
market or multilateral trading facility of an EU or EEA country which is included in the so-called Italian 
“white list” (as identified currently in Ministerial Decree of 4 September 1996, as subsequently amended and 
supplemented), and economic public entities transformed in joint-stock companies by virtue of a provision of 
law, will fall within the scope of Decree 239 only if all the notes are subscribed, held and circulated 
exclusively by qualified investors as defined under Article 100 of Legislative Decree No. 58 of

--- Page 52 ---
43 
 
 
 
 
24 February 1998, as amended (the “Financial Services Act”), as amended from time to time.  Based on the 
interpretation of the Italian tax authorities, if some of these unlisted notes are subscribed, held or circulated by 
investors other than qualified investors, then all the notes shall be outside the scope of Decree 239 (see 
Circular Letter No. 29/E of 26 September 2014). 
In the event that the Notes are not listed as of the Issue Date or that such listing requirement is otherwise not 
satisfied, or all the unlisted notes are not subscribed, held and circulated exclusively by qualified investors as 
defined under Article 100 of Legislative Decree 58  payments of interest, premium and other income with 
respect to the Notes would be subject to a withholding tax (ritenuta a titolo di imposta o acconto) currently at 
a rate of 26%, and the Issuer would be required to pay additional amounts with respect to such withholding 
taxes such that beneficial owners receive a net amount that is not less than the amount that they would have 
received in the absence of such withholding. The imposition of withholding taxes with respect to payments on 
the Notes and the resulting obligation to pay additional amounts to Noteholders could have a material adverse 
effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
Not all non-Italian investors in the Notes will be able to obtain the benefits of the regime under Decree 239. 
The exemption from withholding tax under Decree 239 in principle granted to holders of the Notes—who are 
the beneficial owners of the Notes (or, if the holders are institutional investors not subject to tax, even if they 
are not the beneficial owners of the Notes) and are resident in certain countries which allow for a satisfactory 
exchange of information with Italy —applies if certain procedural requirements are met. No assurance can be 
given that all non-Italian resident investors will be eligible for the withholding tax exemption where the 
relevant foreign intermediary fails to provide sufficient information to the relevant Italian tax authorities under 
the procedures for applying the exemption regime. Should the procedural requirements not be met, Italian 
income substitute tax may apply on the payments made on the Notes to foreign investors resident in countries 
which allow for a satisfactory exchange of information with Italy. In such event, the Issuer will not be 
required to pay any additional amounts with respect to such withholding tax, unless such procedural 
requirements have not been complied with due solely to the actions or omissions of the Issuer or its agents. 
Notes may be affected by a proposal relating to Financial Transactions Tax (“FTT”). 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission issued proposals, including a draft Directive (the 
“Commission’s Proposal”) for a financial transaction tax (“FTT”) to be adopted in certain participating EU 
member states (including Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, 
Slovenia and Slovakia, although Estonia has since stated that it will not participate).  The Commission’s 
Proposal is still pending before the Council of the EU and its status is regularly discussed at the European and 
Financial Affairs Council.  Moreover, in the course of 2020, the European Commission brought to the 
attention of the Council of the EU and the EU Parliament the possibility to propose, by June 2024, the 
introduction of a reshaped EU FTT as a new EU own resource.  The Commission’s Proposal has very broad 
scope and, if introduced in its current form, could apply to certain dealings in the Notes (including secondary 
market transactions) in certain circumstances. 
Under the Commission’s Proposal, the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and 
outside of the participating EU member states.  As a general rule, it would apply where at least one party is a 
financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating EU member state.  A financial 
institution may be, or be deemed to be, “established” in a participating EU member state in a broad range of 
circumstances, including (i) by transacting with a person established in a participating EU member state or (ii) 
where the financial instrument which is subject to the financial transaction is issued in a participating EU 
member state. 
The FTT may give rise to tax liabilities for the Issuer with respect to certain transactions (including 
concluding swap transactions and/or purchases of securities (such as authorised investments)) if it is adopted 
based on the Commission’s Proposal.  Any such tax liabilities may reduce amounts available to the Issuer to 
meet its obligations under the Notes and may result in investors receiving less interest or principal than 
expected.  It should also be noted that the FTT could be payable in relation to relevant transactions by 
investors in respect of the Notes (including secondary market transactions) if the conditions for a charge to 
arise were satisfied and the FTT were adopted based on the Commission’s Proposal.  Primary market 
transactions referred to in Article 5(c) of Regulation (EC) No 1287/2006 are expected to be exempt.

--- Page 53 ---
44 
 
 
 
 
The FTT proposal, however, remains subject to negotiations between participating EU member states.  It may 
therefore be amended before any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear.  Additional EU 
member states may decide to participate. 
Prospective holders of the Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT.

--- Page 54 ---
45 
 
 
 
 
INCORPORATION BY REFERENCE 
This Offering Circular should be read and construed in conjunction with the sections of the documents 
incorporated by reference set out in the table below.  The following documents which have previously been 
published and have been filed with the Euronext Dublin, shall be incorporated in, and form part of, this 
Offering Circular: 
- 
the English translation of the audited consolidated annual financial statements of Mundys as at and for 
the year ended 31 December 2022 with the accompanying notes and auditors’ reports (the “2022 
Financial 
Statements”) 
(which 
are 
available 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Issuer 
at 
https://www.mundys.com/documents/37344/798825/RAI_MUNDYS_2022_WEB_ENG.pdf/95788be
b-7341-bbfe-e8ab-928f141829b9?t=1682668420788); and  
- 
the English translation of the audited consolidated annual financial statements of Mundys as at and for 
the year ended 31 December 2021 with the accompanying notes and auditors’ reports (the “2021 
Financial 
Statements”) 
(which 
are 
available 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Issuer 
at: 
https://www.mundys.com/documents/37344/198216/Atlantia_Integrated_Report_2021.pdf/af914a22-
2734-2e11-3a91-161ab1003fca?t=1653493200304),  
including the information set out at the following pages in particular: 
 
As at 31 December 
 
2021 
2022 
Audited consolidated annual financial statements of the Issuer 
 
 
Segment performance 
Page 16 
Page 23 
Business Overview ............................................................................................... 
Pages 62-73 
Pages 53-55 
Financial review of the Mundys Group / Integrated performance 2021 ................ 
Pages 118-125 
Pages 89-135 
Alternative performance indicators ....................................................................... 
Pages 214-215 
Pages 198-203 
Financial review for Mundys S.p.A. ..................................................................... 
Pages 165-173 
Pages 143 - 159 
Consolidated statement of financial position ........................................................ 
Pages 226-227 
Pages 206-212 
Consolidated income statement ............................................................................ 
Page 228 
Pages 208 
Consolidated statement of comprehensive income ............................................... 
Page 229 
Pages 209 
Statement of changes in consolidated equity ........................................................ 
Page 230 
Pages 210  
Consolidated statement of cash flow ..................................................................... 
Page 231 
Pages 211 
Reconciliation of net cash and cash equivalents ................................................... 
Page 232 
Pages 212 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements ...................................................... 
Pages 233-250 
Pages213 - 279 
Operating segments and geographical presence 
Page 219 
Page 271-274 
Auditors’ report..................................................................................................... 
Pages 384-413 
Pages 354 - 378 
Any information not listed in the cross-reference tables above but included in the documents incorporated by 
reference in this Offering Circular is either not relevant to investors or is covered elsewhere in this Offering 
Circular.  Each document incorporated herein by reference is current only as at the date of such document, and 
the incorporation by reference herein of such documents shall not create any implication that there has been 
no change in the affairs of the Issuer or the Group since the date thereof or that the information contained 
therein is current as at any time subsequent to its date.  Following the publication of this Offering Circular, a 
supplement may be prepared by the Issuer and approved by the Central Bank in accordance with Article 23 of 
the Prospectus Regulation.  Any statement contained in this Offering Circular or in a document that is 
incorporated by reference shall be deemed modified or superseded to the extent a statement contained in any 
subsequent document that is also incorporated by reference modifies or supersedes any such statement.  Any 
statement so modified or superseded shall not be deemed, except as so modified or superseded, to constitute a 
part of this Offering Circular.  References to this Offering Circular shall be taken to mean this document. 
The documents incorporated by reference have been filed with the Central Bank. 
Copies of the documents incorporated by reference may be inspected, free of charge, at the specified offices of 
the relevant paying agents, on the website of Euronext Dublin (https://live.euronext.com/) and on the Issuer’s 
website at the links provided above.

--- Page 55 ---
46 
 
 
 
 
PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL AND OTHER DATA  
General 
Unless otherwise indicated or where the context requires otherwise, references in this Offering Circular to 
“euro” or “Euro” or “€” are to the single currency of the participating Member States in the Third Stage of 
European Economic and Monetary Union pursuant to the Treaty establishing the European Union, as amended 
from time to time. 
Presentation of Financial Information 
Mundys prepares its consolidated financial statements in euro. 
Mundys reports its financial information in accordance with the International Financial Reporting Standards 
adopted by the European Union (“IFRS”), as prescribed by European Union Regulation No. 1606 of 
19 July 2002.  Mundys’ financial year begins on 1 January and terminates on 31 December of each calendar 
year.  Italian law requires Mundys to produce annual audited financial statements. 
Alternative Performance Measures 
In addition to the conventional financial performance measures established by IFRS, Mundys uses certain 
alternative performance measures (“APMs” or “Alternative Performance Measures”) for the purposes of 
the Guidelines issued by ESMA. These APMs enable a better understanding of the performance of the Issuer’s 
operations and financial position. These indicators represent a useful unit of measurement for assessing the 
operating performance of the Issuer. 
On 3 December 2015, CONSOB (Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa, the Italian securities and 
exchange commission) issued Communication No. 92543/15 that acknowledged the Guidelines issued on 5 
October 2015 by ESMA (ESMA/2015/1415) concerning the presentation of APMs disclosed in regulated 
information and prospectuses published on or after 3 July 2016 (the “Guidelines”). The Guidelines – which 
update the previous CESR Recommendation (CESR/05-178b) – are aimed at promoting the usefulness and 
transparency of APMs in order to improve their comparability, reliability and comprehensibility. In addition, 
ESMA also published a Questions and Answers (Q&A) document, which is updated from time to time, on the 
Guidelines to promote common supervisory approaches and practices in the application of the Guidelines.  
In line with the Guidelines, the definitions, contents, basis of calculation and criteria used to construct the 
APMs in this Offering Circular are described below. 
Non-IFRS financial measures 
This Offering Circular contain references to Revenues, EBITDA, net debt, net financial debt and capex. In the 
Issuer’s unaudited consolidated financial statements, as well as, inter alia, in the 2022 Financial Statements: 
 
Revenues includes motorway toll revenues, aviation revenues and other revenues, and differs from 
operating revenues in the statutory consolidated income statement in that revenue from construction 
services, recognised in accordance with IFRIC 12, is presented in the reclassified income statement as 
a reduction in the respective items under operating costs and financial expenses; 
 
EBITDA is the synthetic indicator of gross profit from operations, calculated by deducting operating 
costs, with the exception of amortisation, depreciation, impairment losses and reversals of impairment 
losses and provisions for the renewal of assets held under concession, from revenue; 
 
Net debt refers to “Current and non-current financial liabilities” after deducting “Current and non-
current financial assets” and “Cash and cash equivalents”. 
 
Net financial debt has been defined excluding the value of financial assets (concession rights) from 
net debt. Mundys’ net financial debt coincides with net debt as the Issuer does not hold financial 
assets (concession rights).

--- Page 56 ---
47 
 
 
 
 
 
Capex is the indicator of the total amount invested in development of the Group’s and the Company’s 
business, excluding investments in investees and right-of-use assets as defined by IFRS 16;  
Such financial measures are not a measurement of performance under IFRS and should not be considered by 
prospective investors as an alternative to (a) net profit/(loss) as a measure of the Issuer’s operating 
performance, (b) cash flows from operating, investing and financing activities as a measure of the Issuer’s 
ability to meet its cash needs or (c) any other measure of performance under IFRS. 
Such non-IFRS financial measure are used by management to monitor the underlying performance of the 
business and operations but are not indicative of the historical operating results of the Issuer, nor are they 
meant to be predictive of future results.  Since all companies do not calculate these measures in an identical 
manner, the Issuer’s presentation may not be consistent with similar measures used by other companies.  
Therefore, undue reliance should not be placed on any such data and caution should be exercised in 
comparing this data to similar measures used by other companies. The criteria used in computing the non-
IFRS measures are compliant with the Guidelines.  
Reconciliation between the non-IFRS measures and the consolidated financial statements 
The tables below provide for a reconciliation of the above-mentioned non-IFRS measures with the IFRS 
consolidated financial statements. 
 
 
 
Revenues 
2022 
2021 
 
(in € million) 
Operating revenues 
8,339 
7,116 
Revenues from construction services  
-912 
-725 
Revenues 
7,427 
6,391 
 
 
 
EBITDA/EBIT 
2022 
2021 
 
(in € million) 
Profit for the year (A) 
6,067 
382 
Profit from discontinued operations, net 
5,824 
926 
Income tax benefits/(expenses) 
-421 
474 
Profit/ (loss) from on equity method investments 
29 
-42 
Financial expenses, net 
-835 
-736 
Total differences (B) 
4,597 
622 
EBIT (A-B) 
1,470 
-240 
Amortisation, depreciation and impairment losses/(Reversals of 
impairment losses) 
-2,959 
-4,181 
Provisions for renewal of assets held under concession 
-69 
-88 
Total differences (C) 
-3,028 
-4,269 
EBITDA (A-B-C) 
4,498 
4,029 
 
NET DEBT AND NET FINANCIAL DEBT 
2022 
2021 (reformulated) (1) 
 
(in € million) 
Bond 
25,940
24,318 
Bond– non-current portion 
24,031
23,957 
Bond– current portion 
1,909
361 
Medium/long-term borrowings 
9,037
11,019 
Medium/long-term borrowings 
8,403
10,048 
Medium/long-term borrowings – current portion 
634
971 
Other financial liabilities 
1,205
1,761 
Non-current derivative liabilities 
223
433 
Other non-current financial liabilities 
278
831 
Current derivative liabilities 
99
44 
Other current financial liabilities 
605
453 
Cash and cash equivalents 
-14,475
-6,053 
Other financial assets 
-2,014
-1,653 
Non-current derivative assets 
-569
-48 
Other non-current financial assets 
-932
-1.133

--- Page 57 ---
48 
 
 
 
 
Non-current derivative assets – current portion 
-112
-41 
Other current financial assets 
-401
-431 
Net debt related to assets held for sale 
- 
9,154 
Net financial debt 
19,693
38,546 
Financial assets (concession rights) 
-2,202
-3,268 
Non-current financial assets (concession rights) 
-2,048
-1,606 
Current financial assets (concession rights)(2) 
-154
-1,662 
Net debt 
17,491
35,278 
 
(1) The consolidated accounts have been reformulated with the objective of making it easier to understand and compare the Group’s 
financial performance. For additional information, see Note 2.1 to the 2022 Financial Statements, which is incorporated by reference in 
this Offering Circular. 
(2) The current financial assets (concession rights) include the ASPI Group’s takeover rights, amounting to Euro 419 million, included 
in assets held for sale in 2021.  
 
 
 
CAPEX(1) 
2022 
2021 
 
(in € million) 
Investments in assets held under concession 
1,309 
1,754 
Purchase of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets 
340 
338 
Capex 
1,649 
2,092 
 
(1) Include the ASPI Group’s capex, amounting to Euro 302 million (in 2022) and 1,059 million (in 2021). 
 
Rounding 
Certain numerical figures included in the Offering Circular, including financial information and data 
presented in millions or in thousands, have been subject to rounding adjustments; accordingly, figures shown 
for the same category presented in different tables may vary slightly and figures shown as totals in certain 
tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures which precede them.

--- Page 58 ---
49 
 
 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes are expected to be applied by the Issuer for the Group’s general 
corporate purposes, including, without limitation, investments and distribution of dividends.

--- Page 59 ---
50 
 
 
 
 
THE ISSUER 
General 
The Issuer was incorporated on 12 September 1950, as a joint stock company (società per azioni) under the 
laws of the Republic of Italy.  Mundys is registered with the Companies’ Registry (Registro delle Imprese) in 
Rome under number 03731380261. On 14 March 2023, the extraordinary General Meeting resolved to charge 
the Issuer’s name from Atlantia S.p.A. to Mundys S.p.A. Mundys’ strategic goal is to continue the Group’s 
growth and modernisation, investing in sustainable infrastructure (primarily airports and motorway networks) 
and in technological innovation, supporting people at all stages in their journey, whether across town or long-
distance, by providing quality services designed with a view to caring for their environment.  
Pursuant to Mundys’ Memorandum and Articles of Association, the corporate purpose of Mundys is to 
acquire equity investments and interests in other companies and entities and to engage in operations involving 
property, financial and business investments in Italy and abroad. 
Mundys can also, albeit not on a prevalent basis, purchase, manage, exploit, update and develop, directly or 
indirectly, trademarks, patents, and know-how concerning electronic toll systems and related or connected 
activities.  Mundys can undertake all commercial, industrial and financial, intangible and property transactions 
to accomplish its corporate purposes.  The corporate purpose excludes all activities and operations vis-à-vis 
the public and any trustee activity.  The corporate purpose also excludes public asset-gathering, the exercise of 
banking activities and other activities envisaged by Article 106 of the Banking Act, as well as investment 
services and collective asset management as envisaged by the Financial Services Act and its related 
implementation regulations. 
As at 31 December 2022, the authorised and subscribed share capital of Mundys is €825,783,990, fully paid 
up, divided into 825,783,990 registered, ordinary shares without par value. As a result of the Merger, as of 30 
April 2023 the number of shares representing the Issuer’s share capital is 479,479,662 registered, ordinary 
shares without par value. For information on the Merger and the Issuer’s shareholding structure, see “Business 
Description of the Group – Introduction – Take Private of Mundys – Merger” and “Shareholders”. 
Registered Office 
The registered office of Mundys is at Piazza San Silvestro, 8, 00187 Rome, Italy, the executive and 
administrative office are located in Piazza A. Diaz 2, 20123 Milan and its main telephone number is +39 02 
7862 5040. 
Business 
Mundys’ principal activity consists of holding shares in the operating companies of the Group.  As a strategic 
investment holding company, Mundys’ role is to guide investment decisions manage its portfolio of assets and 
set the main strategic, environmental, social and governance and financial priorities of the Group.   
Strategy, Innovation, sustainability and risk management 
With respect to the Group, Mundys operates as the strategic investment holding company focused on strategy, 
innovation, sustainability and risk management, as specified below: 
 
Business Strategy:  Mundys’ commitment is to create shared value along the value chain by 
combining industrial, economic and financial goals with the socio-economic development of the areas 
and communities where the Group operates in. To this end, Mundys adopts a structured approach to 
guide investment decisions and management of the asset portfolio, combining the goal to achieve 
adequate returns on investments given the risk profile with a positive social and environmental 
impact. Therefore, each strategic choice is weighed against its social, environmental, and economic 
sustainability according to a People-Planet-Prosperity triple bottom-line capturing Mundys’ impact on 
the society and the environment alongside financial returns. 
For additional information on the Group’s strategy, see “Business Description of the Group – 
Strategy”;

--- Page 60 ---
51 
 
 
 
 
 
Sustainability:  For Mundys, sustainability means contributing to the development of increasingly 
green, safe, smart and efficient mobility solutions to meet people’s primary need to move around, 
whilst at the same time enabling the creation of economic and social value alongside financial returns. 
In carrying out its activities, Mundys’ approach is based around the Sustainable Development Goals 
(SDGs) of the United Nations 2030 Agenda and is compliant with environmental, social, ethical and 
governance principles that meet the highest international standards such as the 10 Principles of the 
UN Global Compact.  
 
Innovation: Mundys leverages innovation as a tool to support the long-term sustainability of the 
business mainly as it concerns (i) identifying opportunities to protect the value of the Group’s assets 
by meeting the emerging needs of grantors and of the market, (ii) tapping into new technologies and 
future trends for the mobility ecosystem and infrastructure use cases; (iii) strengthening and 
accelerating the achievement of ESG goals and mitigating the risks; 
 
Risk Management:  Mundys has undertaken a process of greater integration of the risk management 
model with long-term planning processes and alignment with strategic planning activities and Group 
sustainability roadmap. This took the form of both an assessment of the specific risk factors that could 
slow or impede achievement of Mundys’ objectives in accordance with the Group’s risk appetite and 
the introduction of tools enabling to constantly monitor country risk and specific key risk indicators to 
monitor changes in the risk exposure.  This process of renewal was also backed up by the issuance of 
new policies and procedures, including: (i) a responsible investment policy, (ii) a financial risk 
management policy, (iii) a human rights framework and an update of the code of ethics whose general 
principles are applied throughout the Group.  
Organisational Structure 
See “Business Description of the Group” for further information on the organisational structure and principal 
activity of Mundys and the Group. 
Credit Ratings 
As of the date of this Offering Circular, Mundys has been assigned long term credit rating of BB+ by Fitch, 
Ba1 (stable outlook) by Moody’s and BB+ (stable outlook) by S&P. The Programme has been assigned credit 
rating of BB by Fitch, Ba2 by Moody’s and BB+ by S&P.  
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, 
reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency.

--- Page 61 ---
52 
 
 
 
 
BUSINESS DESCRIPTION OF THE GROUP 
Introduction 
Mundys is a strategic investment holding and parent company of a group (the “Group”) that manages 
motorway and airport concessions, offers mobility services and intelligent transport systems with a portfolio 
of assets that combines transport infrastructure concessions with digital service platforms to provide advanced 
mobility services for people on the move. As of 31 December 2022, the Group operates 44 motorways 
concessions and 5 airports in 11 countries and provides tolling and mobility services in 22 countries with 
23,719 employees worldwide.  
Since 9 December 2022, Mundys is an unlisted company following the completion of the voluntary tender 
offer launched by Schema Alfa S.p.A. (“BidCo”). For additional information, see “– Take private of 
Mundys”. 
Development of the Group 
Since 2005, through a series of acquisitions Mundys embarked on a process of geographical diversification 
and has built an overseas presence in the toll road business in Brazil, Chile and Poland. 
Telepass S.p.A. (“Telepass” and, together with its subsidiaries, the “Telepass Group”), a subsidiary of 
Mundys, is a widely used automated payment system in Europe for paying tolls and transport-related services.  
As of 31 December 2022, Telepass has distributed approximately 9.6 million onboard units to customers.  For 
additional information, see “ – Telepass Group” below. 
Mundys entered the airport infrastructure sector in 2013, and operates Rome Fiumicino and Ciampino airports 
through Aeroporti di Roma S.p.A. (“AdR” and, together with its subsidiaries, the “AdR Group”) and, since 
2016, the airports of Nice, Cannes-Mandelieu and Saint Tropez through Azzurra Aeroporti S.p.A. (“Azzurra 
Aeroporti”). For additional information, see “ – ACA Group” below. 
In October 2018, Mundys acquired the control of Abertis Infraestructuras S.A. (“Abertis”) and its subsidiaries 
(the “Abertis Group”), pursuant to the agreements entered into by Mundys, Actividades de Construccion y 
Servicios SA (“ACS”) and Hochtief Aktiengesellschaft (“Hochtief”) relating to a joint investment in the 
Abertis Group.  According to such agreements, Mundys holds 50 per cent. plus one share of the share capital 
of Abertis.  As a result of such acquisition, Mundys has significantly expanded its toll road concession 
portfolio and established a partnership with ACS and Hochtief, leading international constructions groups, 
through the acquisition of a 23.86 per cent. participation in Hochtief by Mundys. Since 2021, Mundys has 
reduced its shareholding in Hochtief and ultimately, in September 2022, sold its remaining stake in Hochtief 
to ACS. 
In January 2022, Mundys agreed to purchase Yunex GmbH (“Yunex Traffic”) and its subsidiaries, a global 
leader in the innovative Intelligent Transport Systems (“ITS”) sector, from the Siemens Group. The 
acquisition of Yunex Traffic was completed on 30 June 2022.  Yunex Traffic’s traffic management and urban 
mobility infrastructure and platforms are used in over 600 cities and on four continents (Europe, the Americas, 
Asia and Oceania).  
On 5 May 2022, Mundys sold its entire stake in ASPI to a Consortium consisting of CDP Equity, The 
Blackstone Group International Partners and Macquarie European Infrastructure Fund 6 SCSp. For additional 
information, see “ – Material Agreements – Agreement to sell Mundys’ investment in ASPI” and “Risk Factors 
– Risks Relating to the Disposal of ASPI – Risks related to the provision of indemnities in the share purchase 
agreement relating the sale of the entire stake in ASPI”. 
As a result of these transactions, as at the date of this Offering Circular the Group’s operations encompass a 
wide range of assets located in several countries. 
The Group is currently organised in seven main business segments operating in the following areas: 
 
Abertis Group, which encompasses the motorway concessions controlled by Abertis in Spain, 
France, Brazil, Chile, India, Puerto Rico, Argentina, the United States, Italy and Mexico;

--- Page 62 ---
53 
 
 
 
 
 
Overseas Motorways, which includes the investments held by Mundys in Grupo Costanera and Los 
Lagos in Chile, AB Concessoes in Brazil and Stalexport Autostrady in Poland; 
 
AdR Group, led by AdR, which manages Rome Fiumicino and Ciampino airports; 
 
Aéroports de la Côte d’Azur group (the “ACA Group”), led by Aéroports de la Côte d’Azur S.A. 
(“ACA”) managing the Nice, Cannes-Mandelieu and Saint Tropez airports; 
 
Telepass Group, which provides tolling services and sustainable and integrated mobility services;  
 
Yunex Traffic, which provides intelligent transport systems and smart mobility solutions; and 
 
other related businesses, which include Mundys’ activity as strategic investment holding company of 
the Group and SPEA Engineering S.p.A. 
The Group also owns equity investments in other companies. In particular, Mundys holds investments (i) in 
Getlink SE (“Getlink”), the company operating Eurotunnel, equal to 15.49 per cent. of its share capital; and 
(ii) in Aeroporto Guglielmo Marconi di Bologna S.p.A. (the “Aeroporto di Bologna”), the concessionaire 
operating the Bologna airport, equal to 29.38 per cent. in its share capital. 
Take private of Mundys 
Voluntary Tender Offer 
On 14 April 2022, BidCo announced a voluntary public tender offer on all Mundys’ outstanding shares 
(corresponding to 66.90 per cent. of the shares in issue and listed on the Euronext Milan Stock Exchange, 
including treasury shares held by Mundys), with the exception of the 273,341,000 shares held by Sintonia 
S.p.A. (“Sintonia”), representing 33.10 per cent. of the issued capital (the “Offer”). On 9 December 2022, 
BidCo successfully completed the voluntary tender offer and acquired the entire share capital of Mundys. 
Consequently, effective from 9 December 2022, Mundys has been delisted from Euronext Milan Stock 
Exchange and is currently wholly-owned by Edizione S.p.A., Blackstone Infrastructure Partners and 
Fondazione CRT.  See “Shareholders”. 
Upstream Loan 
The following significant transactions relating to the Group have been completed since the completion of the 
Offer: 
- 
on 9 December 2022, following the Offer, BidCo acquired the entire share capital of the Issuer. The 
Offer was funded through a combination of equity and debt; in this respect, Schemaquarantadue 
S.p.A. (“HoldCo”), the company controlling BidCo,  incurred approximately €8,225 million 
indebtedness to fund the Offer (the “Acquisition Indebtedness”) in addition to the funds provided by 
its shareholders; 
- 
 in order to reduce the financial costs of the Acquisition Indebtedness and in view of the Merger (see 
below “ – Merger”), on 16 January 2023 the Issuer granted an intercompany upstream loan of up to 
€8,225 million at arms’ length conditions to HoldCo in order to repay the Acquisition Indebtedness 
(the “Upstream Loan”). The Upstream Loan allowed HoldCo to immediately repay the Acquisition 
Indebtedness, which was drawn in November 2022. As a result of the Upstream Loan, the Issuer has 
reduced its liquidity for a corresponding amount and recorded a €8,225 million unavailable reserve in 
its equity; 
- 
following the granting and drawdown of the Upstream Loan, HoldCo has repaid in full the 
Acquisition Indebtedness;  
- 
following the merger pursuant to which HoldCo and BidCo merged into Mundys, the Upstream Loan 
has been extinguished pursuant to Article 1253 of the Italian Civil Code. 
 
Merger

--- Page 63 ---
54 
 
 
 
 
On 15 February 2023, the relevant corporate bodies of Mundys, HoldCo and BidCo approved the trilateral 
reverse merger pursuant to which HoldCo and BidCo are merged into Mundys (the “Merger”).  
The merger deed has been executed on 26 April 2023 and the Merger is effective as of 30 April 2023, while 
the accounting effects of the Merger are applied retrospectively from 1 January 2023. Mundys, as the 
company resulting from the merger, has adopted the new by-laws (the “New By-Laws”) and the following 
changes have been made to the Issuer’s share capital structure:  
1. the Issuer’s current 6,598,210 treasury shares, with no express par value, have been cancelled, without 
reducing Mundys’ share capital;  
2. additional 339,706,118 Mundys shares held by BidCo, with no express par value, have been 
cancelled, without reducing Mundys’ share capital;  
3. the remaining 479,479,662 Mundys shares held by BidCo and HoldCo, with no express par value, 
have been converted – in line with the provisions of the New By-Laws – into class A1, B and C shares 
as follows:  
• 
273,341,013 class A1 shares, with no express par value;  
• 
181,365,129 class B shares, with no express par value; and 
• 
24,773,520 class C shares, with no express par value.  
It should be noted that the rights and obligations vested in and attached to the classes of shares of HoldCo, 
under the by-laws of HoldCo in force at the time of the Merger, have been reproduced into the New By-Laws. 
In addition to the introduction of the new classes of shares as per the above and the relevant provisions 
connected therewith (e.g. with reference to the appointment of the corporate bodies), the New By-Laws have 
provided, among other things:  
• 
a lock-up regarding the transfer of the shares until 16 November 2027, subject to certain exceptions;  
• 
a right of first offer in the event of transfer of the shares and a detailed set of rules governing the transfers 
of shares including, inter alia, tag-along and drag-along rights;  
• 
specific scenarios for the conversion of class shares into shares of different classes;  
• 
the introduction of qualified majorities, at the level of the shareholders’ meeting, for the resolution upon 
certain matters;  
• 
additional provisions governing, inter alia, (a) the possible IPO of Mundys and/or other exit scenarios, (b) 
the deadlock procedure, (c) procedures to approve certain M&A transactions or transactions concerning 
the extension of concession agreements, (d) the governance principles of the controlled companies of 
Mundys, and (e) shareholders’ information rights. 
For additional information on the shareholding structure in Mundys following the Merger, see 
“Shareholders”. 
In addition, upon the effectiveness of the Merger, the Upstream Loan has been extinguished pursuant to 
Article 1253 of the Italian Civil Code. 
Rebranding of the Group  
On 14 March 2023, the extraordinary General Meeting resolved to change the Issuer’s name from Atlantia 
S.p.A. to Mundys S.p.A.. The new company, resulting from a radical transformation followed by the 
conclusion of the public tender offer, is characterized by a renewed shareholder base, a new management team 
and a new growth strategy focusing on overseas expansion, with the aim of becoming a global leader in the 
management of infrastructure and the provision of sustainable integrated mobility services. Mundys’ strategic 
goal is to continue the Group’s growth and modernisation, investing in sustainable infrastructure (primarily 
airports and motorway networks) and in technological innovation, supporting people at all stages in their

--- Page 64 ---
55 
 
 
 
 
journey, whether across town or long-distance, by providing quality services designed with a view to caring 
for the environment. The name “Mundys” represents the corporate and industrial journey the Group wish to 
embark on, based on Group’s strong sense of belonging to Italy, but also Group’s global ambitions.  
 
Structure of the Group 
The following chart sets forth a simplified structure of the principal companies within the Group as at the date 
of this Offering Circular, including the Group’s debt structure as of 31 December 2022, adjusted to reflect 
certain transactions set out in the notes to the chart.  
 
________ 
(1) 
 Amount adjusted to reflect the €8,200 million drawdown disbursement in January 2023 related to the Upstream Loan and € 
163 million term loan drawdown in April 2023. See “ – Take Private of Mundys – Upstream Loan”. 
(2) 
 Amount adjusted to reflect (i) Abertis’s €600 million sustainability-linked bond issued in January 2023 to refinance a bond 
redemption in 2023. See “ – Business of the Abertis Group – Recent Developments in connection with the Abertis Group – 
Abertis €600 million sustainable bonds”; and (ii) HIT’s €500 million bond issued in January 2023 to refinance a bond 
redemption in 2023; See “ – Business of the Abertis Group – Recent Developments in connection with the Abertis Group – 
HIT €500 million bond issue”. 
The following chart1 lists the consolidated subsidiaries of the Group as of 31 December 2022.   
MOTORWAYS 
Interest held by 
Mundys or 
Abertis 
Kilometers 
under concession 
Concession 
expiry 
Italy 
 
 
 
Abertis 
 
 
 
Autostrada Brescia-Padova .............................................................. 
91.26% 
236 
2026 
Total ................................................................................................ 
 
236 
 
Spain 
 
 
 
Abertis 
 
 
 
Aucat ................................................................................................ 
100% 
47 
2039 
Aulesa .............................................................................................. 
100% 
38 
2055 
Avasa ................................................................................................ 
100% 
294 
2026 
Castellana ......................................................................................... 
100% 
120 
2029 
                                                     
 
1 
The figures in the chart refer to operators consolidated on a line-by-line basis by Mundys. Mundys holds 50 per cent. plus one 
share in Abertis’ share capital.

--- Page 65 ---
56 
 
 
 
 
MOTORWAYS 
Interest held by 
Mundys or 
Abertis 
Kilometers 
under concession 
Concession 
expiry 
Túnels ............................................................................................... 
50.01% 
46 
2037 
Trados-45 ......................................................................................... 
51.00% 
15 
2029 
Total ................................................................................................ 
 
560 
 
France 
 
 
 
Abertis 
 
 
 
Sanef ................................................................................................ 
100% 
1,396 
2031 
Sapn.................................................................................................. 
99.97% 
373 
2033 
Total ................................................................................................ 
 
1,769 
 
Poland 
 
 
 
Mundys 
 
 
 
Stalexport Autostrada Malopolska ...........................................................................  
61.20% 
61 
2027 
Brazil 
 
 
 
Mundys 
 
 
 
Rodovias das Colinas ....................................................................... 
50.00% 
307 
2028 
Concessionária da Rodovia MG050 ................................................. 
50.00% 
372 
2032 
Triangulo do Sol (1) ........................................................................... 
50.00% 
442 
2023 
Abertis 
 
 
 
Fernão Dias ...................................................................................... 
41.97% 
570 
2033 
Litoral Sul ........................................................................................ 
41.97% 
406 
2033 
Planalto Sul ...................................................................................... 
41.97% 
413 
2033 
Via Paulista ...................................................................................... 
41.97% 
721 
2047 
Régis Bittencourt .............................................................................. 
41.97% 
390 
2033 
Intervias ............................................................................................ 
41.97% 
380 
2028 
Fluminense ....................................................................................... 
41.97% 
320 
2024 
Total ................................................................................................ 
 
4,321 
 
Chile 
 
 
 
Mundys 
 
 
 
Litoral Central .................................................................................. 
50.01% 
81 
2031 
Costanera Norte ................................................................................ 
50.01% 
44 
2033 
Nororiente(2) ..................................................................................... 
50.01% 
21 
2044 
Vespucio Sur .................................................................................... 
50.01% 
24 
2032 
AMB ................................................................................................ 
50.01% 
10 
2028 
Vespucio Oriente II .......................................................................... 
50.01% 
5 
2052 
Ruta 78-68 ........................................................................................ 
50.01% 
9 
2044 
Los Lagos ......................................................................................... 
100% 
133 
2023 
Abertis 
 
 
 
Elqui ................................................................................................. 
80.00% 
229 
2022 
Rutas del Pacífico ............................................................................. 
80.00% 
141 
2025 
Autopista de Los Libertadores.......................................................... 
80.00% 
116 
2026 
Autopista de Los Andes ................................................................... 
80.00% 
92 
2036 
Autopista Central ............................................................................. 
80.00% 
62 
2034 
Total 
 
1,100 
 
India 
 
 
 
Abertis 
 
 
 
Trichy Tollway ................................................................................. 
100% 
94 
2027 
Jadcherla Expressways ..................................................................... 
100% 
58 
2026 
Total ................................................................................................ 
 
152 
 
Puerto Rico 
 
 
 
Abertis 
 
 
 
Autopista de Puerto Rico .................................................................. 
100% 
2 
2044 
Metropistas ....................................................................................... 
51% 
88 
2061 
Total ................................................................................................ 
 
90 
 
Argentina 
 
 
 
Abertis

--- Page 66 ---
57 
 
 
 
 
MOTORWAYS 
Interest held by 
Mundys or 
Abertis 
Kilometers 
under concession 
Concession 
expiry 
GCO ................................................................................................. 
48.60% 
56 
2030 
Ausol ................................................................................................ 
31.59% 
119 
2030 
Total ................................................................................................ 
 
175 
 
Mexico 
 
 
 
Abertis 
 
 
 
RCO ................................................................................................. 
53.12% 
800 
2048 
COVIQSA ........................................................................................ 
53.12% 
93 
2026 
CONIPSA......................................................................................... 
53.12% 
74 
2025 
COTESA .......................................................................................... 
53.12% 
31 
2046 
AUTOVIM ....................................................................................... 
53.12% 
13 
2039 
Total ................................................................................................ 
 
1,011 
 
United States 
 
 
 
Abertis 
 
 
 
ERC .................................................................................................. 
55.20% 
12 
2070 
 
AIRPORTS 
Interest held by 
Mundys 
Airports under 
concession 
Concession 
expiry 
Aeroporti di Roma ............................................................................ 
99.39% 
2 
2046 (3) 
Aéroports de la Côte D’Azur ............................................................ 
38.66%(4) 
3 
2044 
 
OTHER BUSINESSES 
Interest held by 
Mundys or 
Abertis 
Sector 
Mundys 
 
 
Telepass ......................................................................................................................................  
51% 
Electronic tolling systems 
SPEA Engineering S.p.A.................................................................. 
60%(5) 
Motorway and airport infrastructure 
engineering services 
Yunex Traffic. .................................................................................. 
100% 
Sustainable mobility services 
Abertis 
 
 
Abertis Mobility Services  ................................................................ 
100% 
Electronic tolling systems 
 
 
________ 
(1) 
The concession term of Triangulo do Sol was originally due to expire in September 2021 and has been extended to 30 April 
2023 to partially offset regulatory adjustments. On 30 April 2023, the concession term of Triangulo do Sol expired. On 15 
September 2022 the concession was awarded to Ecorodovias. Signature of the new concession arrangement is currently on 
hold following a request by the Court of São Paulo for clarification from ARTESP, the concession grantor. At the same time, 
negotiations between Triangulo do Sol and ARTESP are underway with a view to recover additional outstanding regulatory 
adjustments. (2) 
The concession term of Autopista Nororiente and AMB is estimated on the basis of the agreements with 
the concession grantor. 
(3) 
AdR’s concession has been recently extended by two years to 30 June 2046 (Italian Law Decree 34/20). 
(4) 
The Group owns a 64 per cent. controlling stake in ACA held through a 60.46 per cent. stake held in Azzurra Aeroporti 
S.p.A. 
(5) 
AdR also owns a 20 per cent. stake in Spea Engineering S.p.A.’s share capital. 
 
Group’s financial information 
The following chart sets forth key financial performance indicators of the Group’s business segments for the 
years ended 31 December 2021 and 2022. The key financial performance indicators for the year ended 31 
December 2021 are presented on a historical basis extracted from the 2021 Financial Statements and a restated 
basis extracted from the 2022 Financial Statements.

--- Page 67 ---
58 
 
 
 
 
 
2021 
(reformulated) 
2022 
 
(in € million) 
 
Abertis Group 
 
 
Revenues ...................................................................................................... 
4,854 
5,096 
EBITDA ....................................................................................................... 
3,350 
3,531 
Capex............................................................................................................ 
652 
873 
Net financial debt ......................................................................................... 
23,958 
22,547 
Other Overseas Motorways 
 
 
Revenues ...................................................................................................... 
569 
729 
EBITDA ....................................................................................................... 
402 
511 
Capex............................................................................................................ 
74 
99 
Net financial debt ......................................................................................... 
100 
-7 
Aeroporti di Roma Group(1) 
 
 
Revenues ...................................................................................................... 
528 
664 
EBITDA ....................................................................................................... 
262 
300 
Capex............................................................................................................ 
175 
215 
Net financial debt ......................................................................................... 
1,672 
1,195 
ACA Group 
 
 
Revenues ...................................................................................................... 
174 
265 
EBITDA ....................................................................................................... 
56 
101 
Capex............................................................................................................ 
44 
50 
Net financial debt ......................................................................................... 
954 
799

--- Page 68 ---
59 
 
 
 
 
 
2021 
(reformulated) 
2022 
 
(in € million) 
 
Telepass Group 
 
 
Revenues ...................................................................................................... 
269 
312 
EBITDA ....................................................................................................... 
121 
129 
Capex............................................................................................................ 
81 
100 
Net financial debt (2) ...................................................................................... 
616 
153 
Yunex Group 
 
 
Revenues ...................................................................................................... 
n.a. 
351 
EBITDA ....................................................................................................... 
n.a. 
16 
    Capex ........................................................................................................... 
n.a. 
5 
Net financial debt ......................................................................................... 
n.a. 
45 
Mundys, Other Activities and Consolidation Adjustments 
 
 
Revenues ...................................................................................................... 
-3 
10 
EBITDA ....................................................................................................... 
-162 
-90 
Capex............................................................................................................ 
7 
5 
Net financial debt ......................................................................................... 
2,575 
-5,039 
ASPI group – discontinued operations 
 
 
Revenues ...................................................................................................... 
- 
- 
EBITDA ....................................................................................................... 
- 
- 
Capex............................................................................................................ 
1,059 
302 
Net financial debt ......................................................................................... 
8,671 
- 
Mundys Group (Total) 
 
 
Revenues ...................................................................................................... 
6,391 
7,427 
EBITDA ....................................................................................................... 
4,029 
4,498 
Capex............................................................................................................ 
2,092 
1,649 
Net financial debt ......................................................................................... 
38,546 
19,693 
 
(1) Revenues and EBITDA in 2021 include the contribution related to the grant to AdR from the “Covid aid 
fund” for airport operators according to Law 178/2020 of €219 million.(2) Net financial debt amounts to €70 
million excluding €546 million classified in 2022 as trade payables towards the former correlated ASPI 
Group.  
Debt Maturities 
The following chart shows the debt maturities of the Group until 2025 against the liquidity available, as of 31 
December 2022 adjusted to reflect certain transactions set out in the notes to the chart.

--- Page 69 ---
60 
 
 
 
 
 
________ 
(1) 
 Post Upstream Loan €8.200 million in January 2023 and €163 millionterm loan drawdown in April 2023. See “ – Take 
Private of Mundys – Upstream Loan”. 
(2)  
Amounts including €587 million availability as a result of the Merger. 
(3) 
Amount adjusted to reflect (i) Abertis’s €600 million sustainability-linked bond issued in January 2023 to refinance a bond 
redemption in 2023. See “ – Business of the Abertis Group – Recent Developments in connection with the Abertis Group – 
Abertis €600 million sustainable bonds”; and (ii) Abertis’ €500 million HIT bond issued in January 2023 to refinance bond 
redemption in 2023. See “ – Business of the Abertis Group – Recent Developments in connection with the Abertis Group –
HIT €500 million bond issue”. 
 
The following chart provides the Mundys maturity schedules in respect of its indebtedness represented by 
bank loans, bond issuances and other sources of indebtedness for the periods indicated, as of 31 December 
2022 
adjusted 
to 
reflect 
certain 
transactions 
set 
out 
in 
the 
notes 
to 
the 
chart.

--- Page 70 ---
61 
 
 
 
 
 
________ 
(1) 
Contractual maturity in 2024. Mundys has the option to extend the €913 million term loan maturity up to 2026. 
(2) 
Post Upstream Loan, €8,200 million drawdown in January 2023 and €163 million term loan drawdown in April 2023 
Strategy 
Mundys is a strategic investment holding company. 
Mundys’ strategic goal is to continue the Group’s growth and modernisation, investing in sustainable 
infrastructure (primarily airports and motorway networks) and in technological innovation, supporting people 
at all stages in their journey, whether across town or long-distance, by providing quality services designed 
with a view to caring for the environment. 
In this respect, the strategy of the Group will allow for an expansion of its presence in the infrastructure sector 
and related businesses in OECD countries, with a focus on Western Europe, North America, Latina America 
and Australia, subject to compliance with the M&A, dividend, financial and responsible investment policies of 
the Group. See also “Shareholders – Shareholders’ Agreement”. 
Business Segments – Motorways 
The activities of the Group with respect to the operation of toll road motorways are carried out by two 
business segments of the Group: 
 
Abertis Group, which encompasses the motorway concessions controlled by Abertis in Spain, France, 
Brazil, Chile, India, Puerto Rico, Argentina, the United States, Italy and Mexico; 
 
Other Overseas Motorways, which includes the operations of toll road motorways in Chile, Brazil and 
Poland not included in the Abertis Group. 
The main areas for development in Mundys’ motorways business are focused on: (i) actively management the 
asset portfolio, taking advantage of its current position to propose new projects to the public grantor and 
negotiate appropriate forms of return on new capex (e.g., extensions to concession terms); (ii) strengthening 
Abertis’s position in the countries in which it already has a presence, promoting new tender processes for 
concessions near to expiry and participating in tenders for new opportunities offering synergies with Mundys’ 
existing assets; (iii) expanding Abertis’s geographical footprint by evaluating its entry into select countries 
outside the existing areas of operation and developing new business opportunities; (iv) developing the 
provision of urban mobility and tolling services through Abertis Mobility Solutions and in synergy with other 
Group assets operating in these areas; and (v) continued investment in sustainability and innovation, aimed at 
reducing polluting emissions from road traffic and making the travel experience safer and more efficient by, 
for example, enabling the uptake of electric vehicles through the installation of charging points along the 
motorway networks the Issuer operates. 
Business of the Abertis Group 
Mundys holds 50 per cent. plus one share in the share capital of Abertis, the holding company of the Abertis 
Group.  As of 31 December 2022, the Abertis Group manages over 7,800 kilometers of high-capacity and 
quality roads and operations in Europe, the Americas and Asia. The Abertis Group is a leading toll road 
operator in countries such as Spain, Chile and Brazil, and has a notable and significant presence in France, 
Italy, Mexico, Puerto Rico and Argentina. The Group also owns two concessions in India and one in the 
United States.  
The great majority of projects taken on by the Abertis Group are brownfield projects, where it acts as project 
manager for the construction work carried out on a concession project, using third-party contractors.  Once the 
construction phase is completed, the operation phase begins, which involves operating and maintaining the 
toll road and equipment related to the concession.  Once a toll road is operational, tolls are collected and a 
lower level of capex is required.  Revenues from toll road concessions depend on the volume of traffic and the 
tariffs.

--- Page 71 ---
62 
 
 
 
 
The tariffs applicable to the concessions held by the Abertis Group are typically set by the relevant 
governmental authority as provided in by the relevant concession agreement and usually increases are in line 
with inflation.  The revenues therefore depend greatly on the level of traffic on the relevant infrastructure.  
Expenses during the operation phase consist principally of operating expenses, which depend primarily on the 
length, age and state of repair of the toll road, as well as factors such as volumes of heavy traffic and weather 
conditions as well as financing expenses, which depend primarily on interest rates.  In addition, some 
concession arrangements may contractually require the Abertis Group to maintain a certain level of capex or 
maintenance investment in the relevant toll road. 
With regard to the financial results as of and for the year ended 31 December 2022, the Abertis Group 
generated €5,096 million of revenues (as compared to €4,854 million for the corresponding period in 2021), 
€3,531 million of EBITDA (as compared to €3,350 million in 2021). In the same period, the Abertis Group 
registered a net financial debt equal to €22,547 million (as compared to €23,958 million in 2021), and a capex 
equal to €873 million (as compared to €652 million in 2021). 
The following is a description of the operations of the Abertis Group divided by country. 
France 
The Abertis Group generated 37 per cent. of its total revenues in the year ended 31 December 2022 in France, 
representing the Abertis Group’s largest market. 
Abertis owns 100 per cent. stake in Holding d’Infrastructures de Transport (“HIT”) which in turn holds 100 
per cent. of Sanef, among the major toll road operators in France. The Abertis Group directly manages 1,769 
kilometers of toll roads in France. The concessions held by the Abertis Group in France will expire in 2031 
and in 2033. 
Tariff rates are regulated and adjusted in accordance with local laws and the respective concessions contracts.  
Adjustments in tariff rates for the concessions are made on an annual basis and determined by reference to 
factors including inflation, with a minimum annual rate increase of 70 per cent. of the inflation index. 
The HIT and Sanef sub-groups, within the framework of “Plan de Relance” for French toll roads formalised 
in 2015, reached an agreement with the French Government to make investments of €590 million to upgrade 
the toll road network in exchange for the extension of the term of the concessions (two years for Sanef and 
three years and eight months for Société des Autoroutes Paris-Normandie).  
Spain 
The Abertis Group generated 10 per cent. of its total revenues in the year ended 31 December 2022 in Spain.  
The Abertis Group operates concessions in Spain directly through concession companies Autopistes de 
Catalunya, S.A.C.G.C. (“Aucat”), Túnels de Barcelona i Cadí, CGC, SA (“Túnels”), Castellana de 
Autopistas, S.A. (“Castellana”), Autopista Vasco-Aragonesa, C. E. S. A. (“Avasa”), Autopistas de León, S. 
A. C. E. (“Aulesa”) and Trados M-45 S.A. (“Trados 45”) and also has a non-controlling interest in Autopista 
Terrassa-Manresa, S.A., C.G.C. (“Autema”).  The Abertis Group has six concessions in Spain, directly 
managing 561 kilometers of toll roads as of 31 December 2022.  The concessions held by the Abertis Group 
in Spain are set to expire between 2026 and 2055. 
Tariff rates are regulated and adjusted in accordance with local laws and the respective concessions contracts.  
Adjustments in tariff rates for the concessions are made on an annual basis and determined by reference to 
factors including the consumer price index and traffic volumes. 
Brazil 
The Abertis Group generated 11 per cent. of its total revenues in the year ended 31 December 2022 and 
manages 3,200 kilometers of toll roads in Brazil.  Abertis has a controlling interest of 41.97 per cent. in the 
following concession companies belonging to the Arteris sub-group:  Concessionária de Rodovias do Interior 
Paulista S.A. (“Intervias”), Autopista Planalto Sul S.A. (“Planalto Sul”), Autopista Fluminense S.A. 
(“Fluminense”), Autopista Fernão Dias S.A. (“Fernão Dias”), Autopista Régis Bittencourt S.A. (“Régis 
Bittencourt”), Autopista Litoral Sul S.A. (“Litoral Sul”), and Via Paulista S.A. (“Via Paulista”).  The

--- Page 72 ---
63 
 
 
 
 
Abertis Group has seven concessions in Brazil, which are set to expire between 2028 and 2047.  Tariff rates 
are regulated and adjusted in accordance with local laws and the respective concessions contracts.   
Adjustments in tariff rates for the concessions are made on an annual basis and determined by reference to 
factors including inflation and the level of capex, where investments are compensated through a right to 
increase tariffs by a value stipulated under the concession agreements. 
Chile 
The Abertis Group generated 11 per cent. of its total revenues in the year ended 31 December 2022 in Chile.  
The Abertis Group’s operations consist of controlling interests in the concession companies belonging to the 
Vias Chile sub-group: Sociedad Concesionaria Autopista Central S.A. (“Autopista Central”), Sociedad 
Concesionaria Rutas del Pacífico S.A. (“Rutas del Pacífico”), Sociedad Concesionaria del Elqui S.A. 
(“Elqui”) (expired in December 2022), Sociedad Concesionaria Autopista de los Andes S.A. (“Andes”), and 
Sociedad Concesionaria Autopista Los Libertadores S.A. (“Libertadores”), managing a total of 640 
kilometers (including Elqui) of toll roads.  The concessions held by the Abertis Group in Chile are set to 
expire between 2024 and 2036. 
Tariff rates are regulated and adjusted in accordance with local laws and the respective concessions contracts 
and supplementary agreements.  Adjustments in tariff rates for the concessions are made on an annual basis 
and determined by reference to factors including inflation. 
Certain of the Abertis Group subsidiaries operating in Chile have entered into arrangements with the Chilean 
Ministry of Public Works in order to carry out certain investments relating to the upgrading and extension of 
the infrastructure.  On 7 October 2021, Autopista Central signed an agreement with the Chilean Ministry of 
Public Works for the deployment of major capex aimed at removing bottlenecks from one of the most 
congested areas in the northern part of Santiago de Chile. The project consists of the construction of two one-
way tunnels (1.5 kilometers each) connecting territories within the metropolitan area of Santiago de Chile 
(interchange between the General Velásquez stretch of Autopista Central and the Américo Vespucio Norte 
portion of Santiago ring road). Total project costs are in excess of €300 million. The works have started in 
2022 and are expected to be delivered within 40 months. As part of this agreement, the duration of the 
Autopista Central concession will be extended by 20 months from July 2032 to March 2034. 
Italy 
The Abertis Group generated 9 per cent. of its total revenues in the year ended 31 December 2022 in Italy.  In 
2016, the Abertis Group acquired 51.4 per cent. of A4 Holding S.p.A. (“A4 Holding”).  Through various 
purchase transactions, the stake in A4 Holding was increased to 91.26 per cent.  The Italian business has one 
concession, managing 236 kilometers of toll roads. 
Tariff rates are regulated and adjusted in accordance with local laws and the respective concessions contracts.  
Adjustments in tariff rates for the concessions are made on an annual basis and determined by reference to 
factors including inflation, a remuneration factor for the investments already made (which could be positive or 
negative), a remuneration factor for the future investments, and a quality premium in relation to the quality of 
the pavement and the number of accidents. 
Mexico 
The Abertis Group generated 12 per cent. of its total revenues in the year ended 31 December 2022 in Mexico. 
The Abertis Group has a 53.1 per cent. of Red de Carreteras de Occidente S.A.B. de C.V. (“RCO”), through a 
Mexican special purpose vehicle. RCO is one of the main toll road networks in Mexico constituting the main 
transportation route in the central-western region, connecting the main industrial corridor of El Bajío with the 
two largest cities (Mexico City and Guadalajara).  
Through the acquisition of RCO in 2020, the Abertis Group has added nearly 1,011 kilometers to its network. 
In addition, such transaction contributed to the extension of the average remaining life of the concession 
portfolio of the Abertis Group.

--- Page 73 ---
64 
 
 
 
 
On 10 February 2020, the Mexican Secretaria de Comunicaciones y Transportes (the “SCT”) proceeded to 
modify the concession title granted to RCO, in order to incorporate the construction, operation, conservation 
and maintenance of certain road sections.  The total estimated investment as per the SCT modification 
agreement amounts to 7,951 million Mexican pesos.  The foregoing is in accordance with the outline and 
project authorised by the SCT as part of the expansion works contemplated by the concession title.  The 
construction of such branches constitutes additional projects that were not originally considered in the 
concession title and in order to maintain the economic balance of the concession, the aforementioned 
modification contemplates an extension to the validity of the concession for a period of six years, until 3 April 
2048. 
Puerto Rico 
The Abertis Group generated 4 per cent. of its total revenues in the year ended 31 December 2022 in Puerto 
Rico where the Abertis Group controls Autopistas Metropolitanas de Puerto Rico Llc. and Autopistas de 
Puerto Rico y Compañía, S.E.  It has two concessions and 90 kilometers of roads, which are set to expire in 
2044 and 2061. 
Tariff rates are regulated and adjusted in accordance with local laws and the respective concessions contracts.  
Adjustments in tariff rates for the concessions are made on an annual basis and determined by reference to 
factors including the consumer price index. 
Argentina 
The Abertis Group generated 3 per cent. of its total revenues in the year ended 31 December 2022 in 
Argentina. The Abertis Group has an interest in Autopistas del Sol (Ausol) (“Ausol”) (49.92 per cent. of the 
votes and 31.59 per cent. of the shares) and Grupo Concesionario del Oeste (“GCO”) (49.99 per cent. of the 
votes and 48.60 per cent. of the shares).  It has two concessions across 175 kilometers of toll roads, which are 
set to expire in 2030. 
Tariff rates are regulated and adjusted in accordance with local laws and the respective concessions contracts.  
Adjustments in tariff rates for the concessions are made twice a year and determined by reference to factors 
including inflation, currency devaluation and capex. Tariff increases had not being granted since January 
2019. Nonetheless, in response to the requests of Ausol and GCO relating to tariff adjustments for the years 
2020, 2021 and 2022, the National Highway Administration of Argentina granted for both concessions an 
adjustment of 9.9 per cent. applicable from 1 July 2021 and then, an adjustment of 26.4 per cent. applicable 
from 17 February 2022. These tariff increases are lower than those that should be applied in accordance with 
the provisions of the concession agreements. Ausol and GCO will continue to pursue their rights for the 
recognition of existing agreements. 
On 24 July 2018, the agreements entered into by Ausol and GCO with the Argentine government were 
formalised.  These agreements involve, among other aspects, the recognition of the outstanding measures to 
restore the economic and financial balance of the aforementioned companies (caused mainly by tariff deficits), 
for a total compensation of USD 746 million (USD 499 million for Ausol and USD 247 million for GCO 
(which translated into an aggregate amount of approximately €708 million using the exchange rate as at 31 
December 2022), an additional investment plan to improve the existing network for a joint amount of USD 
680 million (USD 430 million for Ausol and USD 250 million for GCO), (which translated into an aggregate 
amount of approximately €645 million using the exchange rate as at 31 December 2022), a new tariff review 
scheme and the termination of proceedings between the parties. 
In addition, this agreement entails, among other risks, the assumption of the demand risk by the grantor, the 
extension of the concession arrangement until the end of 2030 and the remuneration of the compensation 
balance associated with the measures to restore the economic and financial balance at an explicit interest rate 
on the compensation balance and, lastly, the payment by the granting entity of the amount of the 
compensation balance not recovered during the extension period. 
United States 
The Abertis Group generated 2 per cent. of its total revenues in the year ended 31 December 2022 in the 
United States. It has one concession across 12 kilometers of toll roads, which are set to expire in 2070. In the

--- Page 74 ---
65 
 
 
 
 
United States, Abertis, through its wholly owned subsidiary Abertis USA Holdco LLC, has a 55.2 per cent. 
indirect stake in Elizabeth River Crossings Holdco, LLC, which wholly owns Elizabeth River Crossings 
Opco, LLC (“ERC”), which in turn operates the tolled Elizabeth River Tunnels Project (the “ERT Project”) in 
the Hampton Roads region, Virginia, United States.  
On 10 November 2021, ERC signed with the Virginia Department of Transportation (“VDOT”) an 
amendment to its concession agreement on the Downtown Tunnel/Midtown Tunnel/Martin Luther King 
Freeway (“Amendment 9”). In accordance with such Amendment 9, ERC agreed to (i) defer the 2021 tariff 
increase, which will be spread equally across the 2022-2024 period, and (ii) increase the contribution of ERC 
to the toll-relief program to $1 million, in consideration of the commitment of VDOT to make administrative 
changes that will improve video-tolling collections, billing processes and reduce the number of toll violators. 
VDOT will also compensate ERC for certain portions of the projects that are not tolled.  
Other international operations of the Abertis Group 
India 
The Abertis Group controls Trichy Tollway Private Limited (“TTPL”) and Jadcherla Expressways Private 
Limited (“JEPL”) in India, having bought these two concession operators in March 2017.  This represents a 
total of two concessions covering 152 kilometres of toll roads, which are set to expire in 2026 and 2027. 
Tariff rates are regulated and adjusted in accordance with local laws and the respective concessions contracts.  
Adjustments in tariff rates for the concessions are made on an annual basis and determined by reference to 
factors including the whole sale price index as released by the Indian Office of the Economic Advisor, 
Ministry of Commerce and Industry. 
Abertis Mobility Services 
Abertis Mobility Services is the Abertis Group’s wholly-owned electronic solutions subsidiary which in turn 
wholly owns Emovis, operating the Abertis Group’s electronic tolling and free flow business.  Clients of 
Abertis Mobility Services include governments and road operators through Emovis. 
Emovis 
Emovis is the leading service delivery and technology arm of the Group in the global markets for all 
electronic tolling and smart mobility solutions.  Emovis operates in Canada, the US, Puerto Rico, the UK, 
Spain, France, Croatia and Qatar, offering free-flow mobility solution advisory, design, implementation, 
operation and maintenance services.  The division operates some of the largest electronic toll infrastructure in 
the world such as the Dartford Crossing and the Mersey Flow bridge. 
Recent Developments in connection with the Abertis Group 
Abertis €600 million sustainable bonds  
On7 February 2023, Abertis completed its first issue of sustainability-linked bonds for a total of €600 million. 
The bonds have a 6.5 year maturity and bear a 4.125 per cent. coupon. The proceeds of the issuance have been 
allocated to general corporate uses. The transaction is linked to the fulfilment of Abertis’ sustainability 
strategy.  
HIT €500 million bond issue 
On 18 January 2023, HIT completed a €500 million bond issuance. The bonds mature in March 2030 and bear 
a coupon of 4.250 per cent. The proceeds of the issuance have been used to refinance HIT’s existing debt 
maturities. 
Other Overseas Motorways 
The Other Overseas Motorways business segment includes 12 concessions for the construction, operation and 
maintenance of toll motorways in Brazil, Chile and Poland, covering a total network of approximately 1,500 
kilometers. The overseas motorways too are governed and regulated by tariff models which generally provide 
for the updating of the tariffs on an annual basis and according to the inflation recorded in the country in

--- Page 75 ---
66 
 
 
 
 
which they operate and according to further specific regulatory paratemers for each concession. This segment 
also includes the Mundys Group’s financial holding companies, through which Mundys controls the above 
overseas operators:  
 
in Brazil, the Group controls 50.00 per cent of the share capital in AB Concessões, through which it 
operates three motorway concessions and other non-controlling interests, corresponding to 1,121 
kilometers. The remaining shares are held by the Brazilian Bertin Group. The concessions are set to 
expire from 2023 to 2047; 
 
in Chile, the Group controls 50.01 per cent of the share capital in Grupo Costanera, through which it 
operates eight motorway concessions corresponding to 327 kilometers, which are set to expire from 
2023 and 2052. The remaining shares are held by the CPP Investments fund; and 
 
in Poland, the Group controls 61.20 per cent. of the share capital in Stalexport Autostrady Malopolska 
(“Stalexport”), through which it operates one motorway concession of 61 kilometers, which is set to 
expire in 2027 and which is listed on the Warsaw Stock Exchange. 
With regard to the financial results as of and for the year ended 31 December 2022, the Other Overseas 
Motorway generated €729 million of revenues (as compared to €569 million for the corresponding period in 
2021), €511 million of EBITDA (as compared to €402 million in 2021); in the same period, the Other 
Overseas Motorway registered a net financial debt equal to negative €7 million (as compared to €100 million 
in 2021), and a capex equal to €99 million (as compared to €74 million in 2021). 
In relation to Brazil, on 30 June 2022, the Grantor announced that it was temporarily freezing tolls for the 
holders of state concessions in the State of São Paulo, including Triangulo do Sol and Colinas. The 10.72% 
increase due to come into effect from 1 July has been delayed and will now be applied by the end of 2022. 
The revenue lost as a result of the delay will be compensated for through bi-monthly cash payments from the 
Grantor. On 17 August, a collective agreement was signed by all the operators of state concessions in 
the State of São Paulo, confirming the cash compensation payable by the Grantor to operators until 15 
December and authorising toll increases from 16 December 2022. 
Recent Developments in connection with the Other Overseas Motorways 
Sale of a minority stake in Lusoponte Concessionária para a Travessia do Tejo, S.A. 
The sale of the non-controlling interest in the Portuguese company, Lusoponte (17.21 per cent. of the issued 
capital and voting rights) to Lineas Concessões De Transportes SA and VINCI Highways SAS has been 
completed on 10 February 2022. The buyers, who already held shares in Lusoponte, exercised their pre-
emption rights (held under the terms of existing shareholder agreements) on the shares put up for sale. The 
proceeds from the sale at closing amounted to €54 million, including a ticking fee and net of dividends 
received since the agreement was signed.  
Business Segments - Airports 
The activities of the Group with respect to the operation of airports are carried out by two business segments 
of the Group: 
 
the AdR Group, led by AdR, which operates two airports in Italy; 
 
the ACA Group, led by ACA, which operates three airports in France. 
Following the significant impact of the Covid-19 pandemic, which affected the entire sector at global 
level, there has been a significant recovery in traffic, above all in terms of tourism, accompanied by a 
strong upturn in passengers’ willingness to spend. This has led to the need to be able to react promptly at 
operational level to cope with the rapid rise in traffic. In this context, the main priorities for future 
developments are: 
 
support for the recovery of traffic to pre-pandemic levels, above all in the international inbound 
segment and in markets that are still in the process of returning to normal, with efficient operating 
and development models designed to meet the sector’s current and future needs;

--- Page 76 ---
67 
 
 
 
 
 
a strong commitment to the quality of the services offered to passengers, by promoting a 
simplified travel experience and accelerating the introduction of digital technologies to streamline 
airport processes, passenger flow management and the overall travel experience (e.g., biometric 
recognition, smart baggage handling, digital retail initiatives); 
 
support the development of non-aviation activities, adapting the offer to meet changing passenger 
needs (e.g., expansion of the terminals at Fiumicino and Nice, reshaping and enriching the retail 
offering and developing digital channels); 
 
active promotion of the sector’s decarbonisation, as set out in the 2030 decarbonisation pact, continuing 
along the pathway to zero carbon emissions and promoting the circular economy, fostering innovative 
initiatives and working with key stakeholders (e.g., the agreement between AdR and FS for the 
development of intermodal rail-air services making it easier to access the airport by train, increasing 
capacity to self-produce renewable energy, the partnership with Enel X to develop energy storage 
systems using second-life batteries); 
 
building on Group’s active role in reshaping the airports sector, proceeding with the development 
of urban air mobility through the UrbanV initiative promoted by AdR and ACA relating to the 
development of vertiports, and encouraging and supporting the generation of new ideas and 
solutions for airports (e.g., Fiumicino’s Innovation Hub, AdR Ventures); 
 
a commitment to modular and flexible infrastructure development, in order to accommodate future 
traffic, whilst at the same time ensuring the social and environmental acceptability of airport 
development by adopting the latest sustainable technologies and maximising the optimal use of 
resources (replicating and improving on existing standards, an example of which being the new 
eco-friendly boarding area recently opened at Fiumicino); 
 
consolidation of Mundys’ leadership in the sector and exploring investment opportunities, with the 
aim of sharing experience, know-how and best practice. 
 
AdR Group 
The Italian Airports business segment encompasses AdR and its subsidiaries. With almost 50 million 
passengers in 2019, AdR is the first airport operator in Italy by number of passengers and the seventh airport 
operator in Europe. Passenger traffic in 2022 reached 66 per cent. of 2019 levels at 32.8 million passengers, 
with a significant growth compared to 2021 and 2020, thanks to the drastic reduction of travel restrictions 
made possible by the mitigation of the viral effects of COVID-19. 
AdR manages the Rome airport system pursuant to a concession granted by the Italian Concession Grantor 
originally expiring on 30 June 2044 and subsequently extended to 30 June 2046.  The Rome airport system 
(the “Rome Airport System”) consists of (i) the “Leonardo da Vinci” international airport, located in 
Fiumicino, Rome (“Fiumicino”), awarded Skytrax 5 Stars Airport in 2022 and ACI Best Airport > 40 Mpax 
in Europe for the sixth time in a row; and (ii) the “Giovan Battista Pastine” airport located in Ciampino, Rome 
(“Ciampino” and together with Fiumicino, the “Airports”). 
Under the dual-till model allowed by the relevant Concession, AdR consolidated revenues are composed by: 
(i) 
aeronautical revenues derived from airport fees and air tariff charges levied on airlines, which are 
based on the number of passengers, maximum total aircraft weight, aircraft noise levels and the length 
of time that an aircraft is parked at the airport, in each case, linked to the estimated rate of inflation in 
Italy; and 
(ii) 
non-aeronautical revenues derived primarily from royalties from retail concession fees and car 
parking. 
With regard to the financial results as of and for the year ended 31 December 2022, the AdR Group generated 
€664 million of revenues (as compared to €528 million for the corresponding period in 2021), €300 million of 
EBITDA (as compared to €262 million in 2021); in the same period, the AdR Group registered a net financial 
debt equal to €1,195 million (as compared to €1,672 million in 2021), and a capex equal to €215 million (as 
compared to €175 million in 2021). 
Aeronautical activities

--- Page 77 ---
68 
 
 
 
 
Aeronautical activities directly connected with the airport management business segment include airport 
charges, centralised infrastructure, security services and other related activities, and more specifically: 
 
revenues related to airport charges consist of:  landing and take-off fees and parking charges, 
passenger boarding charges and cargo charges; 
 
revenues related to centralised infrastructure derive, in particular, from the passenger loading bridges 
connecting the airport terminal gate to an aircraft; 
 
security services revenues are attributable to:  passengers and hand baggage checks and checked-in 
baggage screening; and 
 
other aeronautical activities revenues are attributable to:  assistance to passengers with reduced 
mobility, passengers check-in desk, other aeronautical revenues (baggage handling and left luggage, 
self-service trolleys and other related activities). 
Non-aeronautical activities 
Non-aeronautical activities of the AdR Group include real estate activities, commercial activities (including 
sales, sub-concessions and utilities, car parks, advertising, shops and food and beverage outlets) and other 
related activities, and more specifically: 
 
revenues arising from the retail outlets are mainly attributable to the following activities:  core 
categories, specialist retail (including clothing, accessories, electronics, newsagents, etc.), food and 
beverage and other commercial activities such as currency exchange counters, VAT refund and the 
luggage wrapping business; 
 
revenues deriving from real estate activities are attributable to:  fees and utilities for retail and other 
sub-concessions and other fees charged at Fiumicino and Ciampino, calculated on the volumes of 
activities managed (hotels, car hire, car wash, fuel stations, etc.); 
 
car parks revenues attributable to:  passenger car parking and airport operator car parking; 
 
revenues deriving from the advertising business; 
 
revenues arising from construction services; 
 
revenues from other activities including cleaning fees and biological wastewater treatment, other sales 
(fuel, consumable materials, etc.) and information systems; and 
 
revenues from real estate activities in the Airports’ premises,  including commercial sub-concessions 
revenues. 
Recent Developments in relation to the AdR Group 
New Airport Development Master Plan 
Following the discussions already begun with the Civil Aviation Authority (“ENAC”), on 22 January 2021, 
AdR sent to ENAC the new version of the airport development plan (the “New ADP”) which aims at creating 
an infrastructure system that “guarantees development of an airport system for Rome that is able to cope with 
the traffic volumes estimated for the various timeframes (100 million passengers per year by 2044)” as the 
goal to be achieved via the agreement. The New ADP supersedes the previous master plan (the so-called 
“Fiumicino North Master Plan”) which was deemed unfeasible. Technical discussions took place during 2021 
and 2022 in order to agree on the final layout and positioning of airport expansion, which will anyhow 
require, among others, the rearrangement of perimeter of the “Litorale Romano” natural reserve to be 
authorized by the municipality of Fiumicino. In a memorandum dated 4 August 2022, ENAC asked the 
municipality of Fiumicino start the procedure for redefining the boundaries of the Rome’s Coastal Nature 
Reserve. This procedure is in preparation for certain construction works, which are envisaged by the New 
ADP and cannot be located elsewhere, and also come within the boundaries of the Nature Reserve. On 10 
November 2022, ENAC asked the municipality of Fiumicino for feedback on the requested start of work on

--- Page 78 ---
69 
 
 
 
 
changes to the boundary. AdR is continuing to liaise with the Civil Aviation Authority in relation to technical 
clearance from the authority for the New ADP.  See also “ – Legal Proceedings - Litigation against regulatory 
bodies after 2022 tariff consultation denial”. 
With the Determination 38/2023 the Transport Regulator (ART) has defined regulatory frameworks 
applicable from 1 April 2023 to the Italian airport sector. 
Innovation Hub 
Innovation Hub is a business accelerator comprising a €50 million investment program, which is part of an 
initiative launched by AdR as part of its open innovation strategy for airport services and operations.  The 
Innovation Hub is focused on the development of innovative solutions for airports and it is located in a 650-
square metre facility in the middle of Terminal 1 of Fiumicino airport. The Hub hosts start-ups from Italy and 
around the world which will benefit from both AdR’s direct investment and the full support of a special in-
house team of 30 innovators created by AdR. The acceleration period within the airport, amounting to 6 
months on average, will enable start-ups to finalise their projects, help bring them to market and exploit the 
international “Airports for Innovation” network of which AdR is a member. 
ADR Ventures 
ADR Ventures is a corporate venture capital launched by AdR, established at the beginning of 2023, 
specialised in the aviation sector with the objective of investing in Italian and international early stage start-
ups in the aviation, travel & sustainability sectors, which are functional and instrumental to the continuous 
improvement of the performance and quality of services offered by ADR to passengers and carriers directly or 
indirectly.  
ACA Group 
The Overseas Airports business segment includes Azzurra Aeroporti, as sub-holding company, and ACA, 
whose principal activity is the management of the three airports in the Côte d’Azur region in southern France:  
Nice Côte d’Azur airport (“ANCA”), Cannes-Mandelieu airport (“ACM”) and La Mole–Saint-Tropez airport 
(“AGST”). 
ANCA and ACM are operated within the framework of a concession granted by the French State in 2008 and 
expiring on 31 December 2044 (the “ANCA-ACM Concession”) which mainly defines the public service 
obligations of ACA and the verification procedures set up by the French State.  The ANCA-ACM Concession 
is on a “dual-till” system, pursuant to which the regulated perimeter excludes revenues generated from assets 
related to retail and commercial services and non-aeronautical real estate (with the exception of car parks) 
from the total revenues taken into account in the assessment of the fair return on capital employed. 
ACA also operates AGST on a long term leasehold basis and a 26-site Fixed Base Operator (“FBO”) activity 
(“Sky Valet”), each outside the ANCA-ACM Concession perimeter. 
With 14.6 million passengers in 2019, the ACA Group is the second business aviation operator in France after 
the Paris airport system. 
ACA Group generates revenues within the Concession perimeter from three primary sources: 
 
Aeronautical activities, which include regulated activities directly connected with the management 
and operations of ANCA and ACM, such as revenues earned from airlines for the use of airport 
infrastructure in transporting passengers, cargo and mail (both in respect of commercial aviation and 
general aviation); 
 
Non-aeronautical activities, including commercial activities such as retail, food & beverage, VIP 
lounges, car rental and other non-aeronautical activities mainly including parking, property and fuel 
revenue across all three platforms; and 
 
Other activities, including airport taxes and others.

--- Page 79 ---
70 
 
 
 
 
In addition, ACA generates revenues outside the ANCA-ACM Concession perimeter from its Sky Valet FBO 
activities and from the management and operation of AGST (for aeronautical and non-aeronautical activities).  
Following the spread of the Covid-19 pandemic, ACA started discussions with the DGAC in 2020 aimed at 
reaching an agreement on restoring the financial feasibility of the concession. Discussions have continued 
since then, on 14 February 2023, ACA and the DGAC initiated a conciliation procedure  as  envisaged  in  the  
Concession Arrangement (Art. 91), which is still in progress. 
With regard to the financial results as of and for the year ended 31 December 2022, the ACA Group generated 
€265 million of revenues (as compared to €174 million for the corresponding period in 2021), €101 million of 
EBITDA (as compared to €56 million in 2021); in the same period, the ACA Group registered a net financial 
debt equal to €799 million (as compared to €954 million in 2021), and a capex equal to €50 million (as 
compared to €44 million in 2021). 
 
Telepass Group 
The Telepass Group is responsible for operating electronic tolling systems in Italy and in 13 European 
countries, supplies mobility and other transport-related payment systems (car parks, restricted traffic zones, 
vehicle tracking systems, etc.) also through digital opportunities and provides insurance and breakdown 
services (e.g. breakdown cover in Italy and Europe and travel insurance). 
The Telepass Group has a 30-year track record as leader in the electronic tolling collection market, with a 
large and loyal client base, a widespread geographic footprint, and an attractive and comprehensive portfolio.  
Mundys’ strategic vision related to the Telepass Group is based on selected relevant pillars, including the 
expansion of geographical footprint, the strengthening of services offered by an expanding portfolio (i.e. fully 
leverage data analytics by delivering a cashless and frictionless experience); the development of the Telepass 
Group as the digital engine of Mundys; and the creation of a “smart cities enabler” through an integrated 
platform of services for “people on the move”. The Telepass Group has approximately 9.6 million onboard 
units as of 31 December 2022. 
Mundys’ sale of a 49 per cent. stake in Telepass to the Swiss fund, Partners Group, was completed in April 
2021. 
 
On 7 July 2022, Abertis Mobility Services (a subsidiary of the Abertis Group) sold Eurotoll SAS (“Eurotoll”) 
to Telepass and FAI Service. Eurotoll is a leading company providing business to business electronic tolling 
solutions complementary to toll concessions. 
With regard to the financial results as of and for the year ended 31 December 2022, the Telepass Group 
generated €312 million of revenues (as compared to €269 million for the corresponding period in 2021), €129 
million of EBITDA (as compared to €121 million in 2021); in the same period, the Telepass Group registered 
a net financial debt equal to €153 million (as compared to 616 million in 2021 (including €546 million 
classified in 2022 as trade payables towards the former correlated ASPI Group), and a capex equal to €100 
million (as compared to €81 million in 2021). 
Yunex Group 
In June 2022, Mundys completed the acquisition of Yunex Traffic, a German-registered company that is the 
global leader in the innovative transport and mobility sector, and its subsidiaries, from the Siemens Group.  
Yunex Traffic is the leading global provider of Intelligent Transport Systems (“ITS”) and Smart Mobility 
solutions, specialising in the development and supply of integrated hardware and software platforms and 
solutions for the operators of smart and sustainable mobility infrastructure serving urban and out-of-town 
areas. The company operates in more than 600 cities, 40 countries and 4 continents (Europe, the Americas, 
Asia and Oceania). 
In an uncertain market scenario, affected by major fallout from the macroeconomic situation, Yunex is 
pursuing a strategy based on the following key objectives:

--- Page 80 ---
71 
 
 
 
 
 
strengthening its position in the US market, leveraging its distinctive technology offering and iconic 
projects already developed in that market;  
 
focusing on innovation and business developments in key markets, grasping new growth opportunities 
(e.g. Clean Air Zones, Environmental Traffic Management etc.);  
 
positioning the company as a player in the Italian ITS market;  
 
strengthening its go-to-market capability with a modular offering of integrated solutions ranging from 
technology devices to software platforms and the associated services;  
 
continuing to invest in research and development focusing on sustainable mobility (e.g. intelligent low 
energy traffic lights, more complex traffic flow management systems reflecting the shift to new forms 
of transport and solutions enabling vehicle to infrastructure communication);  
 
selective entry into the e-mobility market as a provider of end-to-end charging solutions for electric 
vehicles (from design through implementation and maintenance), leveraging its wide, distributed 
network of technicians constantly working in the field;  
 
completing the transition to a fully independent technology player as regards the organisation and 
management of its business and operating model.  
With regard to the financial results as of and for the year ended 31 December 2022, the Yunex Group 
generated €351 million of revenues, €16 million of EBITDA; in the same period, the Yunex Group 
registered a net financial debt equal to €45 million, and a capex equal to €5 million.  
Other Activities 
The Other Activities business segment includes the following operations of the Group: 
 
Mundys, which operates as the strategic investment holding company of the Group; 
 
SPEA Engineering S.p.A., which operates in Italy and overseas, supplying engineering services 
involved in the design and project management connected to the upgrade and maintenance of 
motorway and airport infrastructure.  As part of the internal reorganisation of the Group, on 1 March 
2021, SPEA Engineering signed a lease agreement for the airport business unit of ADR Ingegneria (a 
subsidiary of AdR), which has been recently extended by two years. 
With regard to the financial results as of and for the year ended 31 December 2022, the Other Activities 
business segment generated €10 million of revenues (as compared to negative €3 million for the 
corresponding period in 2021), €90 million of negative EBITDA (as compared to negative €162 million in 
2021); in the same period, the Other Activities business registered a net financial debt equal to negative 
€5,039 million, as compared to €2,575 million in the corresponding period in 2021), and capex equal to €5 
million (as compared to €7 million in 2021).  
Equity Investments 
Mundys also owns certain equity investments including:  (i) a stake equal to 15.49 per cent. of the share 
capital in Getlink and (ii) a stake equal to 29.38 per cent. of the share capital in Aeroporto di Bologna. 
In March 2021, Mundys became a minority shareholder in Volocopter GmbH, a company providing 
innovative, sustainable urban air mobility solutions which develops electric vertical take-off and landing 
vehicles (e-VTOLs) for transporting goods and people using electric engines that enable zero-emission 
mobility.  
Sustainability 
Sustainable growth 
In managing its business, the Group is focused on acting in accordance with environmental, social, ethical and 
governance principles that comply with the best international standards as rated by all the main ESG rating

--- Page 81 ---
72 
 
 
 
 
providers and it is committed to create shared value along the value chain, by combining industrial goals with 
the socio-economic development of the areas and communities the Group operates in. 
Mundys has been publicly disclosing its sustainability performance since 2007 and, as of 2011 it publishes 
annually an integrated report compliant according to the International Integrated Reporting framework (IIRC). 
Sustainability Governance 
Mundys believes that active corporate governance is key to advancing its sustainable growth strategy and 
fulfilling Mundys’ responsibilities to all its stakeholders.  Oversight for sustainability is exercised by the 
Board of Directors of Mundys, including the approach to climate risks, opportunities and lobbying. 
Incentive remuneration for Mundys’ CEO, executives and managers was since 2021 linked to ESG 
performance for both annual incentive and long-term incentive and milestones of the Group’s ESG plan, 
including emissions reduction targets, were vesting conditions of the incentive awards. 
Mundys has since 2021 a committee supporting the Board of Directors in overseeing the climate strategy and 
in promoting the integration of ESG factors within the business, including in risk management. The duties of 
the sustainability committee are included into the “Control, Risk and Sustainability Committee”. 
Sustainability strategy 
In the challenging and constantly evolving market environment, Mundys aims to create shared value along the 
value chain by combining industrial, economic and financial goals with the socio-economic development of the 
areas and communities we operate in. Mundys actively promotes and drives change by playing a central role in the 
mobility ecosystem, ensuring efficient, safe and sustainable integration between the various levels of the mobility 
ecosystem, through the synergistic interplay of physical and digital infrastructure and value-added services. 
Mundys’ sustainability strategy is based on a few key pillars aiming to make a positive contribution to the 
planet and to people while fostering prosperity in the long term. Sustainability performance objectives and 
targets are set for the short and medium-term (2023 and 2030), with decarbonization targets set for the long-
term as well (2040 and 2050). 
 
On 7 November 2022, Mundys published its Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework (“Sustainability-
Linked Financing Framework”) embedding sustainability in the Mundys’ financing strategy. The 
Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework, setting out Mundys’ commitment and specific, measurable 
targets clearly linked to sustainable financial instruments, applies to both new bond issues and the agreement 
or conversion of bank borrowings (including existing Revolving Credit Facilities and Term Loans) tied to 
sustainability KPIs and, above all, to achievements of the related improvement targets. In relation to that, on 
17 April 2023 Mundys positively concluded the conversion into Sustainability-Linked Loans of the existing 
Euro 1,500 million term loan facility signed on 5 October 2022 and of the Euro 1,500 million revolving credit 
facility signed on 1 July 2022. The Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework has been established in 
accordance with the five core principles of the 2020 Sustainability-Linked Bond Principles published by the 
International Capital Market Association, as well as the 2022 Sustainability-Linked Loan Principles as 
published by the Loan Market Association and detailed as following: (i) selection of the KPI; (ii) calibration 
of sustainability performance targets; (iii) financial characteristics, (iv) reporting, and (v) verification. The 
establishment of this Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework is an important next step in Mundys’ effort 
to align financing strategy with its mission, objectives and sustainability targets, to ensure that future 
investments contribute to the transition to a lower environmental and social impact economy and contribute to 
the development of the sustainable finance market, highlighting the importance of the transportation 
infrastructure and mobility services sector in the implementation and achievements of the UN Sustainability 
Development Goals.  
Sustainability Milestones 
Planet – In April 2022, Mundys put its ambitious Climate Action Plan (“CAP”) to an advisory vote by 
shareholders, becoming the first Italian company to adopt such a transparent and responsible approach 
towards the market. The CAP consists of more than 150 decarbonisation actions that Group companies are

--- Page 82 ---
73 
 
 
 
 
undertaking to reduce CO2 emissions. The CAP sets out the steps to be taken to implement the scientific 
recommendations for curbing global warming, in line with the Paris Agreement adopted at the United 
Nation’s Climate Change Conference (COP21) on 12 December 2015.  
People – With regard to promoting diversity and equal opportunities, on a like-for-like basis versus 2021, the 
proportion of women in the Group’s workforce as of 31 December 2022 has risen to 39.4 per cent., whilst 
29.6 per cent. of management positions within the Group are occupied by women. 27 per cent. of the board 
members and statutory auditors appointed by Mundys during 2022 to the management and oversight bodies of 
investee companies were women, bringing the cumulative figure in the period from 1 January 2021 to 31 
December 2022 to 32 per cent., in line with the 2023 target of having at least 30 per cent. of management 
positions, including board members and statutory auditors appointed by Mundys in the administrative and 
supervisory bodies of investee companies, held by women. 
Prosperity – With completion of the acquisition of Yunex Traffic, in June 2022, Mundys strengthened its 
position in the sustainable mobility services sector. Mundys’ technology products and services will have a 
positive material impact on the quality of life in urban communities, both in terms of reducing CO2 emissions 
and mitigating air pollution, and by enhancing community wellbeing through reduced travelling times, social 
inclusion and improvements to road safety.  Intelligent transport systems can help to reduce traffic and make a 
major contribution to economic efficiency and competitiveness.   
 “A-” rating by Carbon Disclosure Project (CDP) for climate action plan and decarbonisation strategy 
On 15 February 2023, Mundys has been assigned an “A-” rating by the Carbon Disclosure Project (CDP). The 
Issuer’s rating was upgraded from the previous “B” rating, on a scale from a minimum score of “D-” to a 
maximum of “A”.  In addition to the rating upgrade by CDP, Mundys has also recently been included in the 
Sustainability Yearbook 2023 published by S&P Global. The Issuer has been included in the Top Rated ESG 
Companies List 2023 published by Morningstar Sustainalytics. Mundys’ sustainability strategy, governance 
and performance is assessed by all major ESG rating agencies and over the past two years rating has improved 
to Leadership level (AA) according to MSCI, to Advanced level (73/100) according to Moody’s ESG, and to 
“negligible risk” according to Sustainalytics. 
Material Agreements 
Agreement to sell Mundys’ investment in ASPI 
Following fulfilment of all the conditions precedent provided for in the share purchase agreement (the 
“Agreement”), the sale of Mundys’ (the “Seller”) entire stake in ASPI to the consortium consisting of CDP 
Equity, The Blackstone Group International Partners and Macquarie European Infrastructure Fund 6 SCSp 
(the “Consortium” or “Purchaser”) was completed on 5 May 2022. The transaction was completed for a 
consideration of €8,199 million, including the ticking fee and after minor price adjustments provided for in the 
Agreement.   
In addition, the Agreement provides for a potential price adjustments in addition to those that were measurable 
at closing, in relation to which the Purchaser and Mundys have brought solely out-of-court claims against each 
other. In particular, the Agreement provides for the payment to Mundys of €203 million, if by 31 December 
2022 the relevant authorities would have confirmed the aid of €461.4 million that ASPI applied for to the 
Ministry of Sustainable Infrastructure and Mobility (the “MIMS”) on 28 April 2022. This was to cover lost 
revenue due to the reduction in traffic caused by the pandemic in the period between 1 July 2020 and 31 
December 2021 (the “Covid Support”). In this respect Mundys was informed on 24 December 2022 by the 
Purchaser that the competent authorities did not confirm the above-mentioned aid as the competent authorities 
were still reviewing the application submitted by ASPI. On 30 December 2022 Mundys requested the 
Purchaser to receive a further update and documentation. On 17 February 2023 the Purchaser delivered to the 
Issuer additional documentation and informed the Issuer that, up to such date, the competent authorities did 
not confirm the above-mentioned aid as the competent authorities were still reviewing the application

--- Page 83 ---
74 
 
 
 
 
submitted by ASPI and the relevant administrative proceeding is still ongoing. The Issuer will review the 
documentation received and in the meanwhile fully reserves its rights vis-a-vis the Purchaser. 
Based on the information received so far from the Purchaser regarding the application for Covid Support, 
given that the related sum does not meet the accounting requirements for recognition and the elapse of the 
date of 31 December 2022 provided by the Agreement as above mentioned, without prejudice to the right of 
the Issuer vis-a-vis the Purchaser, the Covid Support has not been included in the result of the sale of the stake 
in ASPI. 
Relevant legal proceedings which may activate special indemnities under the Agreement 
The Agreement provides certain special indemnities indemnifying the Purchaser against specific type of claim 
the latter may suffer following completion of the sale, including: 
a) pending or future criminal and civil proceedings in connection with the Polcevera event, other 
proceedings linked to the collapse of a section of the Polcevera Bridge, other proceedings linked to 
issues relating to maintenance obligations, and civil claims included in a detailed list in the 
Agreement (with the amount of indemnities capped at €459 million); and 
b) the criminal proceedings pending before the Florence Court of Appeal for alleged violations of 
environmental laws, with a potential claim for damages from the Ministry of the Environment (with 
the amount of indemnities capped at €412 million) (see “ – Criminal proceedings pending before the 
Court of Appeal of Florence for alleged environmental damage” below), 
(jointly, the “Special Indemnities”). 
With regard to the indemnity sub a) above, the Agreement provides that Mundys shall be solely liable for up 
to €150 million, above which sum, without prejudice to the cap on the indemnity payable, the amount payable 
will be shared by the buyer and the seller, with Mundys to be liable for 75%.  
The Agreement also provides for payment from Purchaser to Mundys of any indemnities received under the 
All-risk insurance policy, capped at €264 million. With regard to these indemnities, ASPI has brought a civil 
claim against a pool of insurers, which is still pending at first instance.  
The Agreement provides that the aggregate maximum liability of Mundys in respect to all warranty claims for 
breach of the contractual warranties other than the so called fundamental warranties shall not exceed 10 per 
cent. of the purchase price, it being understood that the aggregate maximum liability of Mundys in respect of 
all claims for breach of warranties shall not exceed the purchase price. 
The following is a summary of the criminal, civil or administrative proceedings that may have an impact 
under the Agreement according to the claims served by the Purchaser, which Mundys did not accept. See “- 
Risks Relating to the Disposal of ASPI - Risks related to the provision of indemnities in the share purchase 
agreement relating the sale of the entire stake in ASPI”. 
Investigation by the Public Prosecutor’s Office in Genoa in relation to the Polcevera Bridge Collapse 
A section of the Polcevera Bridge on the A10 Genoa-Ventimiglia collapsed on 14 August 2018, causing the 
death of 43 persons (the “Polcevera Bridge Collapse”).  The Polcevera Bridge Collapse has resulted in 
criminal and civil actions before the Court of Genoa against, inter alia, ASPI (a former Group entity), SPEA 
Engineering S.p.A. (“SPEA Engineering”) (a Group entity) and certain of its employees or former employees 
of ASPI and SPEA Engineering. 
On 7 April 2022 the Tribunal accepted the request for plea bargaining (“patteggiamento”) submitted by ASPI 
and SPEA Engineering.

--- Page 84 ---
75 
 
 
 
 
The trial opened on 7 July 2022. On 19 September 2022, the Court of Genoa, with the agreement of the public 
prosecutors, ruled in favour of the request from ASPI and Spea Engineering for their exclusion from the 
criminal trial.  
In a subsequent ruling of 28 September 2022, the Court of Genoa excluded 502 civil claimants, with the result 
that the number of civil claimants admitted is approximately 224. In certain cases, the admission of claims 
was confirmed but limitations were put on the losses resulting from criminal liability. The decisions to 
exclude certain civil plaintiffs are final, as the excluded claimants do not have a right of appeal. In addition to 
the above civil claims, a number of civil claims for indirect damages have also been brought against 
ASPI/SPEA alone. These are estimated to amount to approximately €40 million. 
The Purchaser has brought a number of claims against Mundys (formerly Atlantia S.p.A.) relating to the 
consequences of the above event, primarily to cover the cost of compensation paid by ASPI to injured parties 
and defendant legal expenses.  
The trial is ongoing before the Tribunal of Genoa and the first degree decision is expected by end of 2024.  
Investigation by the Genoa Public Prosecutor’s office regarding the installation of integrated safety and noise 
barriers on the A12 motorway 
On 10 December 2019, the Italian Financial Police of Genoa made several visits to the Genoa and Rome 
offices of ASPI and SPEA in order to seize technical documents (i.e. designs, calculation reports, test 
certificates) and organisational documents (i.e. service orders and organisational arrangements in place since 
2013) regarding the installation and maintenance of “Integautos” model safety and noise barriers.  The 
individuals subject to the investigation for their alleged responsibility at the time the offences were committed 
are the head of operational maintenance and investment, the central operations director, the joint general 
manager for new works at ASPI and the chief executive officer of SPEA Engineering. 
The Public Prosecutor’s Office in Genoa has combined this investigation with two other investigations: i) the 
criminal investigation launched following the accident in the Bertè Tunnel on the A26 on 30 December 2019 
(6993/20 RGNR) and ii) a criminal investigation into the forgery of documents regarding certain viaducts on 
the network (314/19 RGNR). Among the offences relating to the Integautos investigation (the only proceeding 
included in the share purchase agreement), there are none that could give rise to ASPI’s administrative 
liability under Legislative Decree 231/2001. ASPI is, on the other hand, under investigation for breaches of 
Legislative Decree 231/2001 with regard to the offences punishable under art. 24-bis, paragraph 3 (the 
falsification of electronic documents) in relation to the falsification of reports and the Bertè tunnel. These are 
not included in the list of criminal offences contained in the Agreement. All the above proceedings involve the 
investigation of employees or former employees of ASPI and SPEA Engineering. In July 2022, ASPI 
informed Mundys that it had applied to the court for a plea bargaining (“patteggiamento”), consisting in the 
payment of a fine of €600,000 and without seizures or bans. Mundys has replied to ASPI and the Purchaser 
that the litigation in question does not form part of the indemnity obligations provided for in the Agreement. 
However, on 4 August 2022 the Purchaser sent a notice of claim stating that, in consideration of the merge, all 
the three legal proceedings mentioned above would be covered by the indemnity obligations set by the 
Agreement. 
On 26 September 2022, the preliminary investigating magistrate accepted the plea bargaining 
(“patteggiamento”) agreed with the parties in accordance with art. 63 of Legislative Decree 231/2001, 
imposing a fine of €600,000 on ASPI and a fine of €490,000 on SPEA Engineering, without the seizure of 
assets or further penalties, in relation to the offences referred to in art. 24-bis, paragraph 3 of Legislative 
Decree 231/2001 (the falsification of electronic documents, in relation to the offences referred to in articles 
479, 476.2 and 491 of the Code of Criminal Procedure) for which the companies were under investigation as 
part of the “Forged Reports Proceeding”. The charges against the two companies relating to breaches of 
Legislative Decree 231/2001 have, therefore, been dropped and they have been excluded from the related 
proceeding, which is still at the investigative stage.  
On 9 September 2022, Mundys replied to the Purchaser with a notice of disagreement, in which Mundys 
argued that the Forged Reports and the Bertè Tunnel proceedings were not covered by the indemnities 
provided under the Agreement. This was because, according to Mundys, the proceedings covered by the

--- Page 85 ---
76 
 
 
 
 
Special Indemnities, and expressly indicated in the Agreement, constitute a closed list, even if the parties were 
aware of both investigations (the Forged Reports and the Bertè Tunnel proceedings) when signing the 
Agreement. In its notice of disagreement, Mundys also noted that ASPI had agreed a plea bargain without the 
Purchaser giving Mundys prior notice of the decision to do so, thus breaching the right granted to Mundys 
under the SPA to act as a co-defendant in any proceedings. 
The decision of the preliminary hearing judge is expected by the first half of 2023 when the trial is expected to 
start. 
Criminal action brought before the Court of Ancona regarding the collapse of the motorway bridge on the 
SP10 crossing the A14 Bologna-Taranto motorway 
On 9 March 2017, the collapse of a bridge on the SP10, as it crosses the A14 motorway at km 235+794, 
caused the deaths of the driver and a passenger in a car and injuries to three employees of a sub-contractor of 
Pavimental, to which ASPI had previously awarded the contract for the widening to three lanes of the Rimini 
North–Porto Sant’Elpidio section of the A14 Bologna-Bari-Taranto motorway.  Criminal proceedings have 
been brought regarding the offences provided for and punished by Articles 113, 434, paragraph 2, and 449 of 
the criminal code (“accessory to culpable collapse”), 113 and 589, last paragraph, of the Italian Criminal Code 
(“accessory to multiple negligent homicide”), 113 and 589-bis, paragraph 1, and the last paragraph of the 
criminal code, (“accessory to vehicular homicide”), against Pavimental, the three sole project managers who 
have been in charge through the period for completing the works, the director and the operations manager of 
the Pescara VII area office and the head of ASPI’s tender management department, as well as ASPI pursuant 
to art. 25-septies of Legislative Decree 231/2001 (“culpable homicide or grievous or very grievous bodily 
harm resulting from breaches of occupational health and safety regulations”) and SPEA. 
On 7 October 2019, the preliminary investigating magistrate dismissed the charges against four of ASPI’s 
managers:  the principal, the director and the head of operations at the Pescara VII area office and the head of 
the tender management department. 
The criminal proceedings thus continued solely against the three ASPI sole project managers and ASPI 
pursuant to Legislative Decree 231/2001. 
The first trial hearing took place on 1 March 2022, when the parties filed appearances and present preliminary 
objections. 
At the hearing of 7 June 2022, ASPI, Pavimental and SPEA filed a joint motion making available the sum of 
€120,000 (relating to ASPI alone), as quantified by the expert appointed by the Public Prosecutor’s Office as 
the proceeds from the crime of ASPI. The defendants also declared that ASPI had implemented all the 
necessary remedial measures in response to the event. The trial is proceeding with the admission of evidence 
and the examination of witnesses by the Public Prosecutor. The next hearing is scheduled for 23 May 2023. 
In a letter dated 15 July 2022, received by Mundys on 18 July 2022, the Purchaser reserved the right to file a 
claim with regard to this litigation, without so far actually filing any such claim. 
Criminal proceedings pending before the Court of Appeal of Florence for alleged environmental damage 
A criminal case was pending before the Supreme Court, following the per saltum appeal filed by the Florence 
Public Prosecutor’s office against the judgment issued by the Court of Florence, acquitting ASPI’s Joint 
General Manager for Network Development and Project Manager, as the court ruled that “there was no case to 
answer”. 
The criminal case regards alleged violations of environmental laws relating to the excavation work during 
construction of the Variante di Valico (offences provided for and punished in accordance with art. 260, 
“organised trafficking in waste”, in relation to art. 186, paragraph 5 “use of soil and rocks from excavation 
work as by-products and not as waste” in the Consolidated Law on the Environment no. 152/06; art. 256, 
paragraph 1(a) and (b) “unauthorised management of waste” and the paragraph three, “fly tipping” of the 
Consolidated Law).

--- Page 86 ---
77 
 
 
 
 
At the hearing held on 19 January 2021, the Supreme Court has annulled the judgment issued by the Court of 
Florence.  Therefore, the proceeding will have to be reinstated in front of the first instance Court of Florence. 
The Public Prosecutor’s Office in Florence has filed a per saltum appeal against the judgement with the 
Supreme Court.  
The Supreme Court, partially upholding the per saltum appeal, cancelled the above judgement, returning the 
case to the Florence Court of Appeal for a new trial which is still in progress. The next hearing is scheduled 
for 10 July 2023. 
The Ministry of the Environment has filed an appearance as a civil claimant. 
The Court of Appeal in Florence must now examine all the technical evidence relating to the excavated 
materials obtained by ARPAT (the regional environmental protection agency) but not used during the trial at 
first instance. The Court of Appeal must also carry out an examination of the use made by ASPI of the soil 
and rocks from excavation work and the related by-products to ensure compliance with the consents obtained, 
and the absence of any potential contamination or environmental damage. 
Class Action 
On 28 June 2022, the Consortium requested information on the following: (i) a class action brought by Liguria 
Regional councillors Sansa and Centi, (ii) a class action launched in 2021 by residents of the Valle Stura and 
(iii) a campaign run by Altroconsumo, a consumers’ association, to encourage people to take part in a class 
action.  
On 28 June 2022, Mundys replied to the request by stating that it was not aware of the above actions and did 
not have any information about them.  
Mundys requested ASPI to provide it with all the communications and notices received, specifying, in 
addition, that the request did not constitute an acknowledgement of the Purchaser’s right to any related 
indemnity. On 14 July 2022, ASPI sent, copying also the Purchaser, all the documentation solely regarding 
the class action brought by Liguria Regional councillors Sansa and Centi. Mundys replied on 20 July, 
informing the Purchaser of its intention to appoint legal counsel to manage the litigation without this being 
considered an acknowledgement of the Purchaser’s right to indemnity under the Agreement.  
The class action brought by the Regional councillors Sansa and Centi against ASPI regards a claim for the 
alleged pecuniary and non-pecuniary damages on behalf of all the residents of the Liguria region. The 
plaintiffs claim that ASPI’s failure to meet its maintenance and safety obligations prior to 2018 led not only to 
the collapse of the bridge, but also to the subsequent concentration of extraordinary maintenance work on 
roads in the Ligurian region.  
On 4 August 2022, the Purchaser sent to Mundys a notice of claim referred to the three actions mentioned 
above.  Mundys replied to the Purchaser on 9 September 2022, contesting the grounds for the notice of claim 
in all its aspects, as the class action brought by two Liguria Regional councillors is not covered by the Special 
Indemnities. 
On 4 October 2022, ASPI filed its initial pleadings and statement of defense, setting out the reasons for which 
the action is – in various respects – both inadmissible and without grounds. In the first case, ASPI contends 
that the legislation governing class actions does not apply in the case of the claim as it became law sometime 
after the events cited by the plaintiffs, as the plaintiffs have no legal power to represent and effectively pursue 
class interests and, moreover, as the rights asserted by the plaintiffs are inconsistent. Following the hearing 
held on 14 October 2022, on 22 November 2022 the Court of Rome dismissed the admissibility of the class 
action, finding that the legislation cited by the plaintiffs does not apply in the case of the claim as it became 
law sometime after the events cited by the plaintiffs. The decision of the Court of Rome became final as it had 
not been appealed by the plaintiffs. 
On 29 November 2022 ASPI delivered to Mundys a note referring to a new class action brought by 
Altroconsumo on behalf of 16 plaintiffs-motorway users for the ascertainment of alleged violations by ASPI

--- Page 87 ---
78 
 
 
 
 
itself (occurred before 18 May 2021) in relation to alleged damages suffered by motorway users as a result of 
allegedly omitted maintenance, with consequent request for the restitution of part of the toll paid. 
On 28 January 2023 ASPI appeared before the court and the hearing was postponed to a further hearing 
scheduled for 11 September 2023.  
On 4 August 2022 the Purchaser sent Mundys a notice of claim with regard to the class action of 
Altroconsumo. 
On 9 September 2022, Mundys replied to the Purchaser with a notice of disagreement, contesting the validity 
of the notice of claim in all its contents since the class action is not covered by the Special Indemnities. 
Administrative proceedings before the Council of State and the European Court of Justice 
On 28 July 2022, Mundys received a notice of claim from the Purchaser regarding representations made in the 
Agreement regarding effectiveness of the conditions and documents required for the Settlement Agreement 
and Addendum to ASPI’s Single Concession Arrangement. Mundys, supported by external legal opinion, has 
contested the grounds for any such claim. The above documents are being challenged at Lazio Regional 
Administrative Court by a number of consumer associations. Following the hearing on the merits held on 11 
October 2022, on 19 October 2022 the Court handed down a non-final ruling (no. 13434/2022) in which it 
ruled that only one plaintiff and two associations appearing ad adiuvandum had the legal interest and standing 
to bring the action. The Court also referred the case to the European Court of Justice for a ruling on certain 
preliminary matters. The Court thus adjourned the case whilst awaiting a ruling from the Court of Justice. On 
26 October 2022, the Attorney General (“Avvocatura dello Stato”) – acting on behalf of the respondents - 
notified an appeal before the Council of State requesting cancellation, with prior injunctive relief, of the above 
non-final ruling and contesting the part in which Lazio Regional Administrative Court ruled that one plaintiff 
and two associations appearing ad adiuvandum had the legal interest and standing to bring the action. 
Mundys, as a counter-interested party, filed a cross-appeal challenging Lazio Regional Administrative Court’s 
non-final ruling. The hearing before the Council of State has been held on 27 April 2023 and the ruling is 
expected by next weeks. 
Investigation launched by the AGCM against ASPI and AISCAT  
On 25 November 2022, Holding Reti Autostradali S.p.A. sent to Mundys a notice of claim referring to the 
investigation launched on 18 October 2022 by the Italian Competition Authority (AGCM) against 
AISCAT/ASPI in relation to an alleged abuse of dominant position. The investigation stems from a complaint 
by Unipol Tech according to which ASPI, through AISCAT, would have prevented the new providers from 
accessing the national electronic toll collection system - in which Telepass operates - by redirecting the same 
providers to the European Electronic Toll Service (EETS) and the Interoperable System of Electronic Tolling 
for Heavy Vehicles (SIT-MP). 
On 12 December 2022, Mundys sent a notice of disagreement in which it rejected the claim as unfounded, 
highlighting that no violation of the warranties can be deduced from the ongoing investigation and that, in any 
case, Mundys is not in any way responsible for the conduct of ASPI following its disposal.  
Litigations with Mr. Patanè and companies linked to him 
In response to repeated claims made by Mr. Alessandro Patanè and the companies linked to him, in 2013, 
ASPI and Movyon S.p.A. (“Movyon”) (formerly, Autostrade Tech S.p.A.) brought an action before the Court 
of Rome against Mr. Alessandro Patanè, in his own name, and as legal representative of Alessandro Patanè 
S.r.l. and MPA Group S.r.l., for (i) negative assessment of the amounts (accertamento negativo del credito) 
allegedly claimed by Mr. Alessandro Patanè, who argued to be the owner of the intellectual property rights for 
the SICVe system software (the so-called “tutor”), used on the motorways managed by ASPI to monitor 
average speed; and (ii) compensation for damages, in addition to damages for vexatious litigation (lite 
temeraria). 
On appearing before the court, Mr. Alessandro Patanè filed a counterclaim and brought an action for fraud 
(querela di falso), on the basis of which he claimed compensation for damages allegedly suffered.  On 4 
January 2019, with ruling No. 120/2019, the Court of Rome found Mr. Patanè’s counterclaim and action for

--- Page 88 ---
79 
 
 
 
 
fraud (querela di falso) inadmissible.  However, the Court of Rome also rejected the petitions submitted by 
ASPI and Movyon, requesting the dismissal of the claims made by the defendant, for failure to discharge the 
burden of proof in demonstrating ownership of the software.  ASPI and Movyon appealed the judgement 
before the Court of Appeal of Rome. 
In a ruling published on 10 November 2021, the court ruled that the latest action for fraud brought by Mr 
Patanè was inadmissible and adjourned the hearing until 10 May 2022 for a clarification of the pleadings. 
On 7 December 2022, the Court of Appeal of Rome held that neither ASPI nor the companies headed by Mr. 
Patanè have provided proof of ownership of the intellectual property rights for the SICVe system software 
(the so-called “tutor”).  Instead, the Court accepted ASPI's request aimed at ascertaining that the amount 
requested by Alessandro Patanè on the basis of a memorandum of understanding agreed in 2013 was not due, 
and rejected the claim for damages defamation proposed by ASPI. ASPI and Movyon have lodged an appeal 
before the Supreme Court. 
Legal Proceedings 
As part of the ordinary course of its business, companies within the Group are subject to a number of 
administrative, civil and criminal proceedings.  As at 31 December 2022, the Group had accrued a 
€595 million provision in its financial statements for other risks and charges.  In accruing such amount, the 
following factors have been taken into account:  (i) risks associated with the relevant legal proceeding; and 
(ii) relevant accounting principles, which require accrual of liabilities for probable and measurable risks.  
Consistent with accounting principles, no accrual has been made with respect to legal proceedings whose 
value cannot be determined, or for which the likelihood of an unfavourable outcome is only possible or 
remote. 
For additional information, see the paragraphs entitled (i) “10.7 Significant legal and regulatory aspects” 
starting on page 258 of the 2021 Financial Statements (which are incorporated by reference in these Offering 
Circular), and (iii) “Significant Legl Events”, starting on page 374 of the 2022 Financial Statements (which are 
incorporated by reference in these Offering Circular). 
In addition to such information incorporated by reference see also the following updated information. 
Antitrust Authority investigation of motor insurance policies  
In May 2021, Telepass and Telepass Broker challenged the Antitrust Authority’s decision to impose a fine of 
€2 million for alleged misleading commercial practices in the distribution of motor insurance policies before 
the Regional Administrative Court of Lazio. 
The Italian Data Protection Authority appeared in the administrative proceedings to reaffirm its competence.  
On 13 January 2023, the Lazio Regional Administrative Court, Section I, published ruling no. 603/2023, 
whereby it rejected the appeal brought by Telepass and Telepass Broker for the annulment of the 
aforementioned measure, as well as the reasons put forward by the Italian Data Protection Authority. Telepass 
and Telepass Broker have appealed before the Council of State the decision of the Lazio Administrative 
Court. 
Litigation against regulatory bodies after 2022 tariff consultation denial 
AdR has challenged the decisions taken by Italian Transport Regulator Authority (“ART”) before the 
Regional Administrative Court of Lazio in respect of the Italian airports’ fee regulation models. AdR claims 
that ART does not have the power to introduce changes to the tariff regime provided for in the “Contratto di 
Programma” signed between ENAC and AdR.  
On 20 May 2021, ART decided to delay the entry into effect of the new regulatory framework for airport fees 
from 1 July 2021 to 1 January 2023, allowing airport operators to implement the new regulatory regime within 
the context of the review of fees during the biannual period 2021-2022. Following such decision, on 11 
August 2021, AdR signed an additional deed to the concession agreement with ENAC, aimed at implementing 
the new regulatory framework while preserving all the main pillars of the original contract.

--- Page 89 ---
80 
 
 
 
 
However, ART objected to such deed and, in December 2021, it denied AdR to start consultations with airport 
users on the basis of the updated regulatory framework. AdR challenged such refusal before the Regional 
Administrative Court of Lazio; that are still pending.  
In May 2022, ART launched a consultation on new regulatory frameworks and with subsequent decisions, 
further postponed the entry into force of the new regulatory regime for the determination of fees to 1 April 
2023.  
AdR, pending the entry into force of the new regulatory regime, proposed to ART the extension of the current 
tariffs also to 2023. ART approved the request of AdR to begin consultations with users regarding the 
extension of the tariffs. Consultations started on 31 January 2023 and were concluded after a hearing period to 
get feedback from users. 
On 9 March 2023, ART published Resolution 38/2023, introducing new regulatory frameworks for the 
airports sector applicable from 1 April 2023 and cancelling Resolution 136/2020 and the regulatory 
frameworks included therein. With regard to airport operators regulated under excepted contracts, such as 
AdR, the new regulatory frameworks must be reflected in new addenda to be agreed by the grantor and the 
operator. AdR proposed to ART that the current tariffs should be extended to 2023 (as already happened for 
2022), expressly reserving its rights in the pending court cases. 
 
Notice of claim – Appia Investments S.r.l.and Silk Road Fund  
On 3 and 5 May 2021, Mundys received two notices of claim, one from Appia Investments S.r.l. (“Appia”) 
and another from Silk Road Fund (both ASPI’s non-controlling shareholders). The claims allege breaches of 
the representations and undertakings given at the time of Mundys’ sale of an 11.94% stake in ASPI in 
accordance with the respective share purchase agreements signed by the parties in May 2017.  
In the notices of claim, Appia and Silk Road Fund assert that the Polcevera Bridge Collapse, although it 
happened one year after the sale, constitutes a breach of the representations and undertakings given at the time 
of the sale.  
With respect to the claims from Appia and Silk Road, the share purchase agreements put a limit on any claims 
of 15% of the purchase price paid for the respective interests (a maximum amount of € 260 million). The 
above limits may not apply in the event of wilful misconduct or gross negligence. The share purchase 
agreements require the parties to attempt to reach an amicable settlement, a process which was completed 
without success by the parties. 
Mundys promptly replied to the notices of claim, contesting the content of the notices and noting the 
vagueness of the claims. At present, Appia and Silk Road Fund have not initiated arbitration proceedings. 
 
Acesa – dispute with the Grantor 
In 2006, Autopistas Concesionaria Española (“ACESA”) signed an addendum with the Grantor, 
approved with Royal Decree 457/2006. The addendum contains a commitment to widen the AP-7 
section and other provisions, including the provision of exemptions, discounts and Acesa’s waiver of 
its right to claim indemnities to cover for any loss of traffic due to improvements to alternative roads. 
The agreement also established a margin guarantee whereby the difference in revenue resulting from 
the variance between actual traffic and the amount of traffic specified in the Royal Decree would be 
compensated for. The compensation was payable in cash following expiry of the concession term in 
August 2021, at a fixed rate of remuneration. 
The work provided for in the addendum was carried out by ACESA between 2007 and 2016 at a total cost 
of €558 million. In the meantime, given that actual traffic was below the projections included in the 
addendum, the compensation payable in relation to the shortfall in traffic has risen to €4.1 billion by 
August 2021.

--- Page 90 ---
81 
 
 
 
 
In 2011, correspondence between the Grantor and the operator revealed that there was a difference of 
interpretation regarding the guaranteed levels of traffic contained in the agreement signed in 2006, causing 
ACESA to initiate an administrative procedure. 
In 2015, given that its interpretation of the agreement of 2006 had not been accepted, ACESA filed a 
legal challenge against the Grantor. The Grantor announced that it intended to contest the payment of 
compensation for lost traffic, based on a ruling from the Spanish Cabinet in 2017. The ruling interpreted 
the compensation linked to guaranteed levels of traffic as not due, with the sole exception being the portion 
relating to the loss of traffic to alternative roads. 
Following the legal proceedings, on 5 June 2019, ACESA received notice of the judgment issued by 
the Supreme Court, which – without entering into the merits of the dispute – established that the final 
amount of compensation due (i.e., including the portion covering the guaranteed levels of traffic) could 
only be determined upon expiry of the concession on 31 August 2021, in accordance with the term 
provided for in the concession arrangement. 
As provided for in the agreements, on 29 September 2021, ACESA sent the Grantor a request for 
compensation calculated on the above basis (i.e., compensation linked to investment in the construction 
of additional lanes and compensation linked to the guaranteed levels of traffic). 
At the end of February 2022, the Grantor responded to the request for payment, in respect of the 
portion associated with investment, by agreeing to pay €1,070 million and contesting approximately 
€130 million and the compensation linked to the guaranteed levels of traffic. On 1 July 2022, the 
company completed the process of filing appeal before the High Court, with the aim of obtaining 
payment of the contested amount relating to compensation for investment and full recognition of the 
compensation linked to traffic levels. The appeal involves a total amount of €4 billion (of which €3.6 
billion has been written down).  
 
Dispute in relation to the bankruptcy of Alazor Inversiones 
 
On 22 January 2019, 5 funds who are creditors of Alazor Inversiones SA began legal proceedings to 
obtain payment of a total amount of €228 million. This sum has been included in provisions for risks for 
the year ended 31 December 2022, in accordance with the guarantees provided under the financial 
support agreement between Iberpistas and ACESA, to the creditor banks of the investee, Alazor 
Inversiones SA (a company in liquidation). 
On 2 November 2021, the Court of First Instance of Madrid issued a judgment by which Iberpistas 
and ACESA (as guarantor of Iberpistas for 50% of the amount), are ordered to pay Haitong Bank 
Sucursal in Spain (as agent of the syndicate of financing entities of Alazor Inversiones SA), the above 
amount of €228 million. Iberpistas and Acesa have filed an appeal against the aforementioned 
judgment. 
 
On 30 December 2021, the Grantor issued a press release stating that it shall pay approximately €119 million, 
plus interest, to the operator, Alazor Inversiones SA in compliance with the Public Administration 
obligation to indemnify the operator as a result of the early termination of the Concession agreement 
(Responsabilidad Patrimonial de la Administración or “RPA”). This amount, paid in January 2022, 
was paid in full to the secured creditors. The amount paid by the Grantor must be recalculated 
following a Supreme Court judgement issued on 28 January 2022, adjusting the calculation method 
concerning construction works and the expropriation of land for the construction of the R3/R5 roads. 
Following the criteria determined by the Supreme Court in its judgement, the RPA amount could 
increase and, as a result, the remaining risk of exposure for Abertis group companies could decline. 
Following the payment and a revised assessment of the risk, the amount of the provisions made to cover the 
risk amounts to €173 million, after the partial release for €55 million took place in 2022. 
 
Dispute in relation to Invicat

--- Page 91 ---
82 
 
 
 
 
In 2010, Invicat and the Grantor agreed on certain compensations deriving from investment amounting to  
approximately €96 million and included in addition to the concession agreement (Royal Decree 483/1995). 
The parties also agreed on compensation based on guaranteed traffic levels, to be measured on the basis of the 
difference between actual traffic and the agreed growth rate, to be computed after the end of the concession 
term (31 August 2021). The agreement was supplemented in 2015, with a new agreement detailing investment 
commitments for the Blanes-Lloret section. In June 2021, the Grantor audited Invicat’s 2020 annual accounts 
and, unlike previous years, raised a number of objections regarding calculation of the compensation.  These 
objections were reiterated by the Grantor in a report sent to Invicat in August 2021. Following expiry of the 
concession on 31 August 2021, on 7 October 2021, the Spanish operator sent the Grantor a final request for 
compensation due under the agreements signed by the parties. On 18 January 2022, the Grantor paid Invicat 
€66 million as payment on account for the final amount payable under the existing agreements. On 25 March 
2022, Invicat lodged appeal before the High Court of Catalogna with the aim of obtaining payment in full of 
the requested amount. 
On 13 June 2022, Invicat received notice of the Grantor’s decision on its final determination of the 
compensation due under the agreements. The decision indicates that the sums paid in January 2022 are 
intended as final, thereby rejecting Invicat’s earlier request for payment of an additional amount. On 14 
December 2022, Invicat formally began legal action before the High Court of Catalogna challenging the 
Grantor’s position. The pending appeals regards compensation amounting to €0.3 billion (with the full amount 
written down).  
Dispute with Autema 
ACESA owns a minority interest (23.72%) in the operator, Autopista, Terrassa-Manresa, Autema, 
Concessionària de la Generalitat de Catalunya, SA (Autema). Autema’s other shareholder is INCA, a 
subsidiary of Cintra.  
On 18 October 2022, Acesa was notified of a letter of claim presented by Autema and its majority 
shareholder, INCA, against Acesa, the former’s minority shareholder, for alleged damages (approximately 
€96 million) resulting from its decision to block a financial transaction consisting in the partial monetisation 
of an inflation derivative held by Autema. 
 
The claim brought has not been adequately justified and the accompanying expert appraisal is likewise 
inadequate in seeking to allege that the damages were caused solely by the actions of the minority 
shareholder. ACESA filed a cross-claim on 16 November 2022. 
The Group has not made any provisions for the claims brought, believing that it has solid legal grounds for 
refusing the claim against it. 
Agreement on a major capex project in Santiago which will extend Autopista Central’s concession 
On 7 October 2021, Autopista Central signed an agreement with the Chilean Ministry of Public Works for the 
deployment of a major project aimed at removing bottlenecks from one of the most congested areas in the 
northern part of Santiago de Chile. The project consists of the construction of two one-way tunnels (1.5 
kilometers each) connecting territories within the metropolitan area of Santiag de Chile. Under the agreement, 
the duration of the Autopista Central concession will be extended by 20 months (from July 2032 to March 
2034). On 20 April 2022, the Supreme Decree regarding the project was published. Autopista Central has held 
two calls for tenders for award of the construction contract without receiving any bids, with the result that the 
project has lapsed and the parties have been released from their obligations under the agreement. Despite this, 
the parties are continuing with talks aimed at concluding a new agreement in 2023. 
Negotiated return of the Fluminense federal concession 
Following approval from the federal grantor (ANTT) and Brazil’s Ministry of Infrastructure and the 
issue of a presidential decree upholding the request for return of the concession, on 15 June 2022, Arteris and 
ANTT signed an amendment to Fluminense’s concession arrangement, establishing the procedure for 
handing back the concession over an estimated two-year period. The amendment includes an agreement 
governing how the section of motorway is to be managed during the transition period. Once it has handed

--- Page 92 ---
83 
 
 
 
 
back the concession, Arteris will have the right to receive compensation from ANTT based on 
undepreciated investment. This has been preliminarily estimated as €138 million payable after 
December 2023. In the meantime, ANTT will arrange for a new auction process to award the 
concession. 
 
Dispute between AUSOL and GCO and the Argentine Government regarding amendments to the concession 
arrangements agreed in 2018 (Acuerdos Integrales de Renegociación or “AIR”) 
On 14 September 2022, the Argentine Government issued a Decree tasking the country’s highways agency 
(Dirección Nacional de Vialidad or “DNV”) with filing claims with the relevant courts for damages 
incurred by the state as a result of the agreements of 2018. The declared aim of the action is to obtain a 
ruling cancelling the agreement with both AUSOL and GCO. 
On 11 October 2022, the Argentine Government announced that it had filed a request to have the 
agreements with AUSOL declared null and void and a precautionary request to takeover management 
of the concession. The company was not given access to either the text of the request or the 
precautionary request. 
 
Following the launch of arbitration proceedings by the two operators and the Government, on 27 
October 2022, the Government filed a claim against GCO for alleged damages caused by approval of 
the concession arrangement, including a request for precautionary relief. 
Following an exchange of claims and counterclaims, on 24 November 2022, Abertis, acting in its 
position as the main shareholder of the two operators, sent a letter to the Argentine Government, 
notifying it that it reserved the right to appeal to the International Centre for Settlement of Investment 
Disputes (ICSID) unless agreement was reached within six months.  
Infinity group labour litigation  
Following a number of labour disputes brought against the Brazilian group Infinity, whose companies 
were declared bankrupt and whose ownership can be traced back to the Bertin group, a shareholder of AB 
Concessões, certain labour courts have ordered seizures from AB Concessões group bank accounts. This is 
based on Brazilian labour law and prevailing case law, which makes companies that are part of a group to 
which an employer belongs liable for the payment of labour debts. The courts deemed AB Concessoes and its 
subsidiaries to be part of the Bertin group and, as such, jointly and severally liable for payment of amounts 
due to Infinity group workers. As of 31 December 2022, seizures had been carried out from the bank accounts 
of ABC Group companies, amounting to approximately 173 million Brazilian reals (approximately €31 
million). The Court has already released previously frozen monies amounting to approximately 68 million 
Brazilian reals (approximately €12 million) to the workers. 
AB Concessões is pursuing a defence strategy aimed at demonstrating that it does not belong to either the 
Bertin group or the Infinity group. The company is also appealing to the Federal Courts to challenge the 
violation of the right to defence, as the seizures were carried out without prior notification of the 
precautionary measure, which made it impossible to oppose the enforcement procedure. Moreover, AB 
Concessões has filed a claim in the Infinity insolvency proceedings in order to recover the amounts already 
paid to the workers. 
On 14 December 2021, AB Concessoes’s Board of Directors decided to initiate action to recover payments 
made to the workers from the Bertin group companies. There were no significant developments in 2022. 
Los Lagos – Addendum for road and road safety works  
On 20 April 2022, the Presidential Decree approving the Convenio ad Referendum no. 2 (“CAR 2”), 
the addendum signed by the operator, Los Lagos, and the Ministry of Public Works, was published in 
the Official Gazette of Chile. The addendum formalises the process by which the operator will be 
compensated for carrying out certain road and road safety works. The services will be remunerated at a 
real rate of 5.6% by extending the concession term by up to 17 months and/or via a cash payment. The

--- Page 93 ---
84 
 
 
 
 
total value of the works programme is approximately 30 billion Chilean pesos (approximately €33 million 
at the closing exchange rate as of 31 December 2022). 
 
Tender for renewal of the Acceso Vial Aeropuerto Arturo Merino Benítez (AMB) concession 
 
On 9 December 2022, Grupo Costanera submitted a bid for renewal of the AMB concession it currently 
holds and was the only bidder. On 6 January 2023, the financial bids were opened and, after analysis by 
the tender commission, the bid submitted by Grupo Costanera was declared valid. As required by Chilean 
law, the final award of the tender for the new concession to the Grupo Costanera will need to be 
formalised by a Presidential Decree. 
 
Recent Developments 
Approval of dividend payment for 2023 
On 11 May 2023, the shareholders’ meeting of the Issuer approved the payment of a dividend in respect of the 
financial year ended on 31 December 2022, equal to €1.57 per share, corresponding to an aggregate dividend 
of approximately €753 million. 
The dividend is expected to be paid on 24 May 2023. 
Traffic volumes 
The global spread of the Covid-19 virus around the world, and national Governments’ related containment 
measures, have limited or halted activity in many sectors of the economy and led to the imposition of 
quarantine measures or, in any event, restrictions on movement.  These measures have had a major negative 
impact on traffic volumes throughout the portfolio of concessions held by the Group.   
The following table shows traffic figures for 2022 (also on a monthly basis) compared with the corresponding 
periods in the years ending 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2019, for the main infrastructures managed 
by the Group. 
 
2022 
TOLL ROADS 
(% ch. in kilometres travelled) 
AIRPORTS 
(% ch. in PAX) 
Change vs equivalent 
months, as applicable 
(Preliminary figures) 
Italy 
(Abertis)  
Spain 
(Abertis) 
France 
(Abertis) 
Brazil 
(Mundys + 
Abertis) 
 
Chile 
(Mundys + 
Abertis) 
 
Mexico 
(Abertis) 
AdR 
(FCO+CIA) 
NICE 
 
vs.  
2021 
vs.  
2019 
vs.  
2021 
vs. 
2019 
vs. 
2021 
vs. 
2019 
vs. 
2021 
vs. 
2019 
 
vs. 
2021 
vs. 
2019 
 
vs.  
2021 
vs.  
2019 
vs.  
2021 
vs.  
2019 
vs.  
2021 
vs.  
2019 
1/1/2022 to 31/12/2022 ..........
10.1 
-1.2 
9.8 
-0.5 
10.7 
-0.1 
4.3 
3.2 
 
11.1 
10.7 
 
7.5 
11 
134.7 
-33.5 
85.3 
-16.3 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
December ...............................
2.3 
-1.2 
-0.9 
-7.2 
0.9 
-3.3 
-4.3 
-2.4 
 
-8.8 
5.3 
 
0.8 
12.6 
73.3 
-21.4 
25.8 
-7.0 
November ..............................
0.0 
1.4 
-5.1 
-72 
-1.7 
-1.7 
1.7 
-1.1 
 
-6.7 
17.8 
 
2.1 
10.4 
55.3 
-21.2 
12.6 
-14.2 
October ..................................
-1.4 
-0.7 
-8.9 
-8.0 
-6.2 
-4.2 
0.3 
1.4 
 
-5.7 
20.1 
 
3.6 
12.4 
80.7 
-24.2 
32.2 
-11.8 
September ..............................
-0.5 
1.1 
-1.5 
-2.6 
-0.7 
1.8 
2.0 
6.1 
 
-4.7 
10.0 
 
7.8 
12.1 
88.9 
-22.1 
36.6 
-17.0 
August ...................................
-1.7 
0.0 
-4.1 
-3.0 
3.6 
2.2 
3.6 
5.8 
 
-3.1 
6.7 
 
10.7 
10.0 
76.2 
-27.2 
38.4 
-13.5 
July ........................................
0.3 
-1.2 
0.1 
-1.9 
5.8 
4.3 
7.3 
6.9 
 
-1.6 
5.3 
 
3.4 
6.2 
111.3 
-28.0 
60.6 
-11.6 
June .......................................
6.0 
0.5 
3.6 
-3.8 
9.9 
-4.1 
4.6 
3.6 
 
20.1 
8.9 
 
5.1 
10.3 
230.8 
-29.4 
168.8 
-13.6 
May .......................................
13.2 
3.4 
13.7 
-2.3 
21.6 
9.0 
5.0 
6.9 
 
28.4 
13.1 
 
7.6 
11.2 
380.4 
-32.4 
273.6 
-10.5 
April ......................................
42.2 
-2.4 
64.3 
-2.8 
62.7 
-4.7 
18.7 
8.0 
 
65.8 
10.9 
 
13.8 
11.1 
480.9 
-37.7 
527.2 
-19.8 
March ....................................
39.0 
-3.7 
24.5 
-11.2 
27.0 
-2.2 
18.9 
3.6 
 
30.0 
11.1 
 
9.5 
13.2 
385.5 
-50.2 
347.0 
-24.3 
February.................................
19.3 
-1.7 
51.9 
-1.5 
22.9 
0.2 
2.1 
5.8 
 
23.3 
9.5 
 
15.9 
11.2 
272.5 
-57.8 
229.0 
-26.3 
January ..................................
43.1 
-11.8 
52.6 
-10.4 
16.3 
-2.9 
1.1 
-3.4 
 
40.3 
11.4 
 
14.9 
11.5 
227.9 
-65.1 
103.7 
-42.5 
  
Fitch revises outlook on Abertis to stable and affirms ratings  
On 11 April 2023, Fitch revised the outlook on Abertis and its unsecured notes and Abertis hybrid instruments 
to Stable from Negative, affirming the ratings.  
Fitch has underlined that the liquidity of the Abertis Group is robust, and the Abertis Group continues to 
maintain good access to bank and capital markets, even in uncertain market conditions and for non-standard 
transactions.  
Merger of Autostrade dell’Atlantico into Mundys

--- Page 94 ---
85 
 
 
 
 
On 11 May 2023, Mundys’ Board of Directors has approved the merger by incorporation into Mundys of 
Autostrade dell’Atlantico S.r.l., a sub-holding company (100% controlled by Mundys) that holds a portfolio of 
equity interests in Brazil and Chile operating in the motorway infrastructures. The merger – approved also by 
Extraordinary General Meeting of Mundys - is carried out to further simplify the structure of the group. The 
completion of the merger is envisaged during the third quarter of 2023. As a result of the Merger: (i) there will 
be no exchange ratio; (ii) the stakes representing the share capital of the incorporated company will be 
cancelled and (iii) the share capital of Mundys will not be changed.

--- Page 95 ---
86 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT 
Board of Directors 
The Board of Directors of Mundys (the “Board of Directors”) is composed of 11 members including 1 
Chairman and one Vice-Chairman who have been elected for a period of three years and may be re-elected.  
The current members of the Board of Directors were elected at the shareholders’ meeting held on 16 January 
2023, except for Andrea Mangoni and Stefania Dotto who were appointed by the shareholders’ meeting held 
on 28 April 2023.  All the members of the Board of Directors will hold office until the shareholders’ meeting 
called for the approval of the financial statements for the year ending 31 December 2025.  The current 
members of the Board of Directors are as follows: 
Name 
Title 
Age 
Giampiero Massolo 
Executive Chairman ..............................................................................................  
68 
Andrea Mangoni* 
Chief Executive Officer 
59 
Alessandro Benetton 
Deputy Chairman ..................................................................................................  
59 
Enrico Laghi 
Director .................................................................................................................  
54 
Ermanno Boffa 
Director .................................................................................................................  
56 
Christian Coco 
Director .................................................................................................................  
48 
Stefania Dotto 
Director .................................................................................................................  
35 
Jonathan Kelly 
Director .................................................................................................................  
40 
Scott Schultz 
Director .................................................................................................................  
35 
Andrea Valeri 
Director .................................................................................................................  
50 
Maurizio Irrera 
Director .................................................................................................................  
64 
*Andrea Mangoni and Stefania Dotto were appointed by the shareholders meeting held on 28 April 2023, after the resignation – 
effective as of 28 April 2023 – of the Directors Andrea Pezzangora and Mattia Brentari. 
For the purposes of their function as members of the Board of Directors of Mundys, the business address of 
each of the members of the Board of Directors is the registered office of Mundys. 
On 28 April 2023, the Board of Directors appointed Andrea Mangoni as first Chief Executive Officer of 
Mundys. Andrea Mangoni is a manager with wide-ranging experience in both industry and finance. He has 
worked for over 25 years at the highest levels in a range of infrastructure sectors, covering energy, transport, 
water services and telecommunications, acquiring extensive experience overseas. He has a solid track record 
of delivering transformation and innovation at major industrial groups. 
As at 31 December 2022, to the knowledge of the Issuer, the Group had no outstanding loans to members of 
the Board of Directors. 
Other offices held by members of the Board of Directors. 
The table below sets forth the offices on the Board of Directors, other than those within the Issuer, held by the 
members of Mundys’ Board of Directors.

--- Page 96 ---
87 
 
 
 
 
Name 
Title 
Principal activities outside the Issuer 
Giampiero Massolo 
Chairman ..................................................... Chairman of the Italian Institute for International Political Studies 
(ISPI) 
 
Board of Directors’ of Abertis Infraestructuras S.A. (Spain) 
 
Andrea Mangoni 
Chief Executive Officer 
Chairman of Telepass S.p.A 
Quotaholder and Chairman of Byom S.r.l. 
 
Alessandro Benetton 
Deputy Chairman ......................................... Chairman of Edizione S.p.A. 
Honorary Chairman of  Dufry AG 
Chairman of 21 Invest S.p.A. 
Chairman of 21 Investimenti SGR S.p.A. 
Member of the BoD of Università Parthenope di Napoli 
Chairman and CEO of Ricerca Finanziaria S.p.A. 
Chairman and CEO of Ricerca S.p.A. 
Sole Director of Saibot S.r.l. Società Uninominale 
Chairman of the Supervisory Board of  21 Invest France 
Board of Directors' member of Autogrill S.p.A. 
 
Enrico Laghi 
Director ........................................................ CEO of Edizione S.p.A. 
Chairman of Studio Laghi S.r.l. 
Board of Directors’ member of Abertis Infraestructuras SA 
Vice President Dufry AG 
Liquidator of Lkts S.p.A. and of the companies of the Group Ktesios 
Liquidator of Air Italy S.p.A. 
Board of Directors’ of Abertis Infraestructuras S.A. (Spain)

--- Page 97 ---
88 
 
 
 
 
Name 
 
Title 
 
Principal activities outside the Issuer 
 
Ermanno Boffa 
Director ........................................................ Board of Directors’ member of Edizione S.p.A. 
Board of Directors’ member of Benetton S.r.l. 
Board of Directors’ member of Investire SGR S.p.A. 
Board of Directors’ member of Tecnica Group S.p.A. 
Board of Directors’ member of Birra Castello S.p.A. 
CEO of Regia S.r.l. 
Chairman of Statutory Auditors Board of Venezia Terminal 
Passeggeri S.p.A. 
Chairman of Statutory Auditors Board di FVS SGR S.p.A.  
Member of Statutory Auditors Board of Willis Italia S.p.A. 
Member of Statutory Auditors Board of Manifatture Internazionali 
S.p.A. 
Chairman of Statutory Auditors Board of Exa S.r.l. 
Chairman of Statutory Auditors Board of Mobil Project S.p.A. 
Member of Statutory Auditors Board of TMCI Padovan S.p.A. 
Chairman of Accounting Auditors of Assindustria Veneto Centro  
 
 
Christian Coco 
 
Director ........................................................
 
Board of Directors’ member of Cellnex  
Board of Directors’ member of Benetton S.r.l. 
Chairman of Benetton Group S.r.l. 
Board of Directors’ of Telepass S.p.A. (Italy) 
 
 
Jonathan Kelly 
Director ........................................................ Board of Directors’ member of Holding Reti Autostradali S.p.A. 
(Italy), 
Board of Directors’ of Telepass S.p.A. (Italy) 
Board of Directors’ member of Autostrade per l’Italia S.p.A. (Italy) 
Board of Directors’ of Abertis Infraestructuras S.A. (Spain) 
Board of Directors’ member of The Childhood Trust (UK) 
LLP Member of The Blackstone Group International Partners LLP 
(UK). 
 
Scott Schultz 
 
Director ........................................................
 
Board of Directors’ of Aeroporti di Roma S.p.A. (Italy) 
Member of The Blackstone Group International Partners LLP (United 
Kingdom) 
 
Andrea Valeri 
Director ........................................................ Board of Directors’ member of Holding Reti Autostradali S.p.A. 
(Italy), 
Board of Directors’ of Aeroporti di Roma S.p.A. (Italy) 
Board of Directors’ member of Autostrade per l’Italia S.p.A. (Italy) 
Board of Directors’ member of JOA Corporate SAS(France) 
Board of Directors’ member of SuperBet (Cyprus) 
Board of Directors’ member of Murka (Cyprus) 
Board of Directors’ member of KP1 (France) 
 
Maurizio Irrera 
Director ........................................................ Vicary Vice President of Fondazione CRT 
Board of Directors’ member of Fondazione Sviluppo e Crescita CRT 
Board of Directors’ member of di ACRI – Associazione di Fondazioni 
e Casse di Risparmio S.p.A. 
Chairman of the Supervisory Board ex D. Lgs. N. 231/2001 of Clinica 
San Luca S.p.A. 
Vice President of Ream SGR S.p.A. 
Chairman of B.S.A. S.r.l. (Iren Group) 
Chairman of Struttura Informatica S.p.A. 
Chairman of Statutory Auditors Board of Agfa Finance Italy S.p.A.  
Board of Directors’ member of Permicro S.p.a. (enrolled to the 
register ex art. 106 of the Banking Act) 
Member of the supervisory Board ex D. Lgs. N. 231/2001 of Assa 
S.p.A. 
 
Stefania Dotto 
Director ........................................................ None 
 
 
Board of Directors Committees 
Mundys has introduced systems of corporate governance that established committees recommended by 
corporate’s best practice. 
Control, Risks and Sustainability Committee 
The current members of the committee are Scott Schultz (Chairman), Ermanno Boffa and Christian Coco.

--- Page 98 ---
89 
 
 
 
 
Remuneration Committee 
The current members of the committee are, Ermanno Boffa (Chairman), Enrico Laghi and Andrea Valeri. 
Investment Committee 
The current members of the committee are Enrico Laghi (Chairman), Christian Coco and Jonathan Kelly. 
Supervisory Board 
Mundys’ Supervisory Board was established in implementation of the provisions of Decree 231 with the task 
of defining an organisation, management and control model for all the companies of the Group, in order to 
notify Mundys’ responsibility with regard to unlawful administrative actions.  The members of the 
Supervisory Board are Attilio Befera (Coordinator), Enrica Marra (Internal Audit, Risk and Compliance 
Officer) and Sonia Ferrero. 
Senior Management 
The principal executive officers of Mundys are as follows: 
Name 
Title 
Age 
Giampiero Massolo 
Executive Chairman 
 
68 
Andrea Mangoni 
Chief Executive Officer 
59 
Stefano Porro 
External Relations and Institutional Affairs.......................................................................... 
48 
Tiziano Ceccarani 
Chief Financial Officer ......................................................................................................... 
49 
Mario Colombo 
General Counsel ................................................................................................................... 
53 
Ugo Govigli 
Investment Director Intelligent Transport Systems .............................................................. 
56 
Massimo Sonego 
Chief Strategy & Corporate Development ............................................................................ 
49 
Enrica Marra 
Internal Audit, Risk & Compliance Officer .......................................................................... 
37 
Nicola Pelà 
Human Capital & Organization Director .............................................................................. 
60 
Elisabetta De Bernardi 
Investment Director Airports & Mobility Services ............................................................... 
46 
Roberto Mengucci 
Investment Director Tollroads .............................................................................................. 
61 
Katia Riva 
Chief Sustainability Officer & Innovation Officer ............................................................... 
53 
Board of Statutory Auditors 
Pursuant to Italian law, the Board of Statutory Auditors (Collegio Sindacale) must oversee Mundys’ 
compliance with applicable laws and bylaws, proper administration, the adequacy of internal controls and 
accounting reporting systems as well as the adequacy of provisions concerning the supply of information by 
subsidiaries.  The Board of Statutory Auditors is required to report specific matters to shareholders and, if 
necessary, to the relevant court.  Mundys’ directors are obliged to report to the Board of Statutory Auditors 
promptly, and at least quarterly, regarding material activities and transactions carried out by Mundys.  Any 
member of the Board of Statutory Auditors may request information directly from Mundys and any two 
members of the Board of Statutory Auditors may convene meetings of the shareholders, the Board of 
Directors, seek information on management from the Directors, carry out inspections and verifications at the 
company and exchange information with Mundys’ external auditors.  The members of the Board of Statutory 
Auditors are required to be present at meetings of the Board of Directors and shareholders’ meetings. 
Members of the Board of Statutory Auditors are elected by the shareholders for a three years term and may be 
re-elected.  Members of the Board of Statutory Auditors may be removed only for just cause and with the 
approval of an Italian court.  The term of office of the present members of the Board of Statutory Auditors, 
who were appointed at the shareholders’ meeting held on 16 January 2023, is scheduled to expire at the 
shareholders’ meeting called for the purpose of approving Mundys’ financial statements for the year ending 
31 December 2025. 
The current members of the Board of Statutory Auditors are as follows: 
Name(*) 
Title 
Riccardo Michelutti  
Chairman ...........................  
Benedetta Navarra… 
 
Auditor ..............................  
Graziano Visentin…. 
 
Auditor ..............................  
Andrea Cortellazzo… 
 
Alternate Auditor ...............

--- Page 99 ---
90 
 
 
 
 
Name(*) 
Title 
Francesco Facchini… 
 
Alternate Auditor ...............  
 
The table below sets forth the offices on the Board of Statuary Auditors, other than those within the Issuer, 
held by the members of Mundys’ Board of Statuary Auditors. 
Name(*) 
Title 
Principal activities outside of Issuer 
Riccardo Michelutti… 
Chairman ...........................  
Board of Directors’ member of Italfarmaco S.p.A. 
Board of Directors’ member of Asystel Italia S.p.A. 
Member of Statutory Auditors Board of Accenture S.p.A. 
Member of Statutory Auditors Board of ICM.S S.r.l. 
Member of Statutory Auditors Board of Giorgio Armani Retail S.r.l. 
Member of Statutory Auditors Board of Giorgio Armani Operations 
S.p.A. 
Chairman of Statutory Auditors Board of Avanade Italy S.r.l. 
Chairman of Statutory Auditors Board Cedacri S.p.A. 
Chairman of Statutory Auditors Board of AGC Biologics S.p.A. 
Chairman of Statutory Auditors Board of Castor S.p.A. 
Chairman of Statutory Auditors Board DOCUGEST S.p.A. 
Chairman of Statutory Auditors Board of C-Global Cedacri Global 
Services S.p.A. 
Chairman of Statutory Auditors Board of Sigrade S.p.A. 
Chairman of Statutory Auditors Board of CAD IT S.p.A. 
Chairman of Statutory Auditors Board of Cerved Credit Management 
S.p.A. 
Chairman of Statutory Auditors Board of Cerved Credit Management 
Group S.r.l. 
Chairman of Statutory Auditors Board of ClickAdV S.r.l. 
Chairman of Statutory Auditors Board of MBS Consulting S.p.A. 
Chairman of Statutory Auditors Board of MBS Consulting S.r.l. 
Chairman of Statutory Auditors Board of Cerved Master Services 
S.p.A. 
Member of Statutory Auditors Board of Unikeris Ltd 
Chairman of Statutory Auditors Board of Ammega Italia S.p.A. 
Chairman of Statutory Auditors Board of List S.p.A. 
 
Benedetta Navarra ..  
Auditor ..............................  
Chairwoman of Italgas S.p.A. 
Board of Directors’ member of di A.S. Roma S.p.A. 
Member of Statutory Auditors Board of Aeroporti di Roma S.p.A. 
Member of Statutory Auditors Board of Unicredit S.p.A. 
Member of Statutory Auditors Board of Italo S.p.A. 
Member of the Auditors of  Fondazione Telethon 
Audit Committee Chairwoman Unicredit BulBank  
Chairwoman of the Supervisory Board Equitalia Giustizia S.p.A. 
Supervisory Board ConfCommercio imprese per l’Italia provincia di 
Roma Capitale 
 
Graziano Visentin ...  
Auditor ..............................  
Board of Directors’ member of PIAGGIO & C. S.p.A.  
Board of Directors’ member of 21 INVESTIMENTI SGR S.p.A.  
Board of Directors’ member of PLC S.p.A.  
Member of Statutory Auditors Board of EUROSTAZIONI S.p.A.  
Member of Statutory Auditors Board of H-FARM S.p.A.  
Member of Statutory Auditors Board of Compagnia Aerea Italiana 
S.p.A. 
Member of Statutory Auditors Board of AIR ONE S.p.A. 
Sole Statutory Auditors of WHIRLPOOL ITALIA S.r.l. 
Member of Statutory Auditors Board of RICERCA FINANZIARIA 
S.p.A. 
Member of Statutory Auditors Board of TEXA S.p.A. 
Alternate Member of Statutory Auditors Board of BENETTON 
GROUP S.p.A. 
Member of Statutory Auditors Board of CENTOMILACANDELE 
S.c.p.A. 
 
Andrea Cortellazzo… 
 
Alternate Auditor ...............  
 
N/A 
 
Francesco Facchini… 
Alternate Auditor ...............  
N/A 
For the purposes of their function as members of the Board of Statutory Auditors of Mundys, the business 
address of each of the members of the Board of Statutory Auditors is the registered office of Mundys.

--- Page 100 ---
91 
 
 
 
 
As at 31 December 2022, to the knowledge of the Issuer, the Group had no outstanding loans to members of 
the Board of Statutory Auditors. 
Conflicts of Interest 
As at the date hereof,  save for the offices held outside of the Group by the members of the Board of Directors 
and the members of the Statutory Auditors (as outlined in paragraphs above), to the knowledge of the Issuer 
based on the duties of disclosure of directors and statutory auditors pursuant to article 2391 of the Italian civil 
code, the above mentioned members of the Board of Directors, members of the Board of Statutory Auditors 
and the principal officers of the Issuer do not have any potential conflicts of interests between duties to the 
Issuer and their private interests or other duties.

--- Page 101 ---
92 
 
 
 
 
SHAREHOLDERS 
The following table shows all shareholders of Mundys as of 30 April 2023 following the completion of the 
Merger. See also “–Business Description of the Group – Take private of Mundys” and “Business Description 
of the Group – Merger”.   
Shareholder(1) 
Ownership 
Interest 
Edizione S.p.A. (through Schema Alfa S.p.A., formerly Sintonia S.p.A.2) ............................................................. 
57.0% 
Blackstone Infrastructure Associates (LUX) S.à r.l. (through BIP-V Hogan (LUX) SCSp (1.87 per cent.) and BIP 
Hogan (LUX) SCSp (35.95 per cent.)) 
37.8% 
Fondazione Cassa di Risparmio di Torino ............................................................................................................... 
5.2% 
Total ........................................................................................................................................................................ 
100.00% 
 
Shareholders’ Agreement 
The Issuer’s direct and indirect shareholders are party to a shareholders’ agreement (the “Shareholders’ 
Agreement”) governing the relationship among the parties with respect to their shareholdings in Mundys. 
The Shareholders’ Agreement became effective on 13 November 2022 (the “Relevant Date”) and will expire 
on the fifth anniversary of the Relevant Date (the “Initial Date”). The Shareholders' Agreement shall be 
automatically renewed, from time to time, for periods of five years, unless any party to the Shareholders’ 
Agreement notifies the termination thereof at least six months and no more than eight months in advance of 
the Initial Date or each of the fifth anniversary thereafter. 
The Shareholders’ Agreement sets forth the terms of the corporate governance Mundys, such as, inter alia, the 
appointment of the members of the corporate bodies (including the board of directors and the board’s 
committees), the veto rights of minority shareholdings in relation certain matter deliberated by the board of 
directors and the shareholders’ meeting, tag-along, drag-along and exit provisions. 
The Shareholders’ Agreement provides also for a dividend policy which requires Mundys and other 
companies of the Group to make distributions (through, inter alia, payment of dividends and distribution of 
available reserves) in respect of the entire amount of the available liquidity shown in the financial statements 
of the respective companies, being understood that such distributions must be made in accordance with the 
financial policy, the applicable financing agreements, the existing concessions (to the extent applicable), as 
well as all applicable legal and regulatory constraints. 
In addition, the Shareholders’ Agreement sets forth that the financial policy applicable to the Issuer and all 
major subsidiaries of the Group is based on the target to achieve certain investment grade metrics. 
 
                                                     
 
2 By Extraordinary Shareholders Resolution adopted on 2 May 2023, Sintonia S.p.A. changed its corporate name in Schema Alfa 
S.p.A.

--- Page 102 ---
93 
 
 
 
 
FORMS OF THE NOTES 
The Notes of each Series will either be in bearer form (“Bearer Notes”), with or without interest coupons 
attached, or in registered form (“Registered Notes”), without interest coupons attached.  Bearer Notes will be 
issued outside the United States in reliance on Regulation S and Registered Notes will be issued both outside 
the United States in reliance on Regulation S or otherwise in private transactions that are exempt from the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
Bearer Notes 
Each Tranche of Notes will initially be in the form of either a Temporary Global Note, without interest 
coupons, or a Permanent Global Note, without interest coupons, in each case as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms.  Each Bearer Global Note which is not intended to be issued in NGN form, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, will be deposited on or around the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes with 
a depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant 
clearing system and each Bearer Global Note which is intended to be issued in NGN form, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, will be deposited on or around the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes with 
a common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg.  The clearing system will be notified 
prior to the Issue Date of each Tranche of Notes as to whether the Notes are to be issued in NGN form or 
CGN form. 
On 13 June 2006 the European Central Bank (the “ECB”) announced that Notes in NGN form are in 
compliance with the “Standards for the use of EU securities settlement systems in ESCB credit operations” of 
the central banking system for the euro (the “Eurosystem”), provided that certain other criteria are fulfilled.  
At the same time the ECB also announced that arrangements for Notes in NGN form will be offered by 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as at 30 June 2006 and that debt securities in global bearer form 
issued through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg after 31 December 2006 will only be eligible as 
collateral for Eurosystem operations if the NGN form is used. 
In respect of the Notes in bearer form, the applicable Final Terms will also specify whether U. S. Treasury 
Regulations §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (or any successor rules in substantially the same form that are applicable for 
purposes of Section 4701 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”))  (“TEFRA 
C”) or U. S. Treasury Regulations §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any successor rules in substantially the same form 
that are applicable for purposes of Section 4701 of the Code) ( “TEFRA D”) are applicable in relation to the 
Notes. 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Permanent Global Note 
If the applicable Final Terms specify the form of Notes as being “Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note”, then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary Global Note without 
interest coupons, interests in which will be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for interests in a Permanent 
Global Note, without interest coupons, not earlier than 40 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of 
the Notes upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership.  No payments will be made under the 
Temporary Global Note unless exchange for interests in the Permanent Global Note is improperly withheld or 
refused.  In addition, interest payments in respect of the Notes cannot be collected without such certification 
of non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
Whenever any interest in the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for an interest in a Permanent Global 
Note, the Issuer shall procure (in the case of first exchange) the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) 
of such Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note or (in the case of any subsequent 
exchange) an increase in the principal amount of the Permanent Global Note in accordance with its terms 
against: 
(i) 
presentation and (in the case of final exchange) surrender of the Temporary Global Note to or to the 
order of the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent; and 
(ii) 
receipt by the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent of a certificate or certificates of non-U.S. beneficial 
ownership,

--- Page 103 ---
94 
 
 
 
 
within seven days of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
The principal amount of the Permanent Global Note shall be equal to the aggregate of the principal amounts 
specified in the certificates of non-U.S. beneficial ownership; provided, however, that in no circumstances 
shall the principal amount of the Permanent Global Note exceed the initial principal amount of the Temporary 
Global Note. 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the applicable Final Terms specify the form of Notes as being “Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes” and also specify that TEFRA C is applicable or that TEFRA is not applicable, then the 
Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary Global Note, without Coupons, interests in which will be 
exchangeable, in whole but not in part, for Definitive Notes not earlier than 40 days after the issue date of the 
relevant Tranche of the Notes. 
If the applicable Final Terms specify the form of Notes as being “Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes” and also specifies that TEFRA D is applicable, then the Notes will initially be in the form of 
a Temporary Global Note, without Coupons, interests in which will be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for 
Definitive Notes not earlier than 40 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes upon 
certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership.  Interest payments in respect of the Notes cannot be 
collected without such certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
Whenever the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the 
prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Coupons 
and Talons attached (if so specified in the applicable Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to 
the principal amount of the Temporary Global Note to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note against the 
surrender of the Temporary Global Note to or to the order of the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent within 
60 days of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
Where the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, Notes may only be issued in 
denominations which are integral multiples of the minimum denomination and may only be traded in such 
amounts whether in global or definitive form. 
Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the applicable Final Terms specify the form of Notes as being “Permanent Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes”, then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Permanent Global Note, without Coupons, 
interests in which will be exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Definitive Notes: 
(i) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
at any time, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(iii) 
if the applicable Final Terms specify “in the limited circumstances described in the Permanent Global 
Note”, then if (a) Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is 
closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or 
announces an intention permanently to cease business or (b) any of the circumstances described in 
Condition 10 of the Conditions occurs. 
Where interests in the Permanent Global Note are to be exchanged for Definitive Notes in the circumstances 
described in (i) and (ii) above, Notes may only be issued in denominations which are integral multiples of the 
minimum denomination and may only be traded in such amounts, whether in global or definitive form.  As an 
exception to the above rule, where the Permanent Global Note may only be exchanged in the limited 
circumstances described in (iii) above, Notes may be issued in denominations which represent the aggregate 
of a minimum denomination of €100,000 and integral multiples of €1,000 in excess thereof, provided that 
such denominations are not less than €100,000 nor more than €199,000 or €99,000.  For the avoidance of 
doubt, each holder of Notes of such denominations will, upon exchange for Definitive Notes, receive 
Definitive Notes in an amount equal to its entitlement to the principal amount represented by the Permanent 
Global Note.  However, a Noteholder who holds a principal amount of less than the minimum denomination

--- Page 104 ---
95 
 
 
 
 
may not receive a Definitive Note and would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes such that its 
holding is an integral multiple of the minimum denomination. 
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the 
prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Coupons 
and Talons attached (if so specified in the applicable Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to 
the principal amount of the Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Permanent Global Note against the 
surrender of the Permanent Global Note to or to the order of the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent within 
60 days of the bearer requesting such exchange.  Where the Notes are listed on Euronext Dublin 
(https://live.euronext.com) and its rules so require, the Issuer will give notice of the exchange of the 
Permanent Global Note for Definitive Notes pursuant to Condition 17 of the Conditions. 
Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Definitive Note will be endorsed on that Note and will consist of 
the terms and conditions set out under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” below and the provisions of the 
applicable Final Terms which supplement, amend and/or replace those terms and conditions. 
Registered Notes 
Each Tranche of Registered Notes will initially be represented by a global note in registered form 
(“Registered Global Notes”).  Prior to expiry of the distribution compliance period (as defined in 
Regulation S) applicable to each Tranche of Notes, beneficial interests in a Registered Global Note may not 
be offered or sold to, or for the account or benefit of, a U.S. person, save as otherwise provided in Condition 2 
of the Conditions, and may not be held otherwise than through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg and 
such Registered Global Note will bear a legend regarding such restrictions on transfer.  The clearing system 
will be notified prior to the Issue Date of each Tranche of Notes as to whether the Notes are to be held under 
the NSS or otherwise. 
In a press release dated 22 October 2008, “Evolution of the custody arrangement for international debt 
securities and their eligibility in Eurosystem credit operations”, the ECB announced that it has assessed the 
new holding structure and custody arrangements for registered notes which the ICSDs had designed in 
cooperation with market participants and that Notes to be held under the new structure (the “New 
Safekeeping Structure” or “NSS”) would be in compliance with the “Standards for the use of EU securities 
settlement systems in ESCB credit operations” of the central banking system for the euro (the “Eurosystem”), 
subject to the conclusion of the necessary legal and contractual arrangements.  The press release also stated 
that the new arrangements for Notes to be held in NSS form will be offered by Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg as at 30 June 2010 and that registered debt securities in global registered form held issued 
through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg after 30 September 2010 will only be eligible as collateral in 
Eurosystem operations if the New Safekeeping Structure is used. 
Each Note represented by a Registered Global Note will either be:  (a) in the case of a Certificate which is not 
to be held under the NSS, registered in the name of a common depositary (or its nominee) for Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and the relevant Registered Global 
Note will be deposited on or about the issue date with the common depositary; or (b) in the case of a 
Registered Global Note to be held under the NSS, be registered in the name of a common safekeeper (or its 
nominee) for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and the relevant Registered Global Note will be 
deposited on or about the issue date with the common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. 
Persons holding beneficial interests in Registered Global Notes will be entitled or required, as the case may 
be, under the circumstances described below, to receive physical delivery of definitive Notes in fully 
registered form. 
The Registered Global Notes will be subject to certain restrictions on transfer set forth therein and will bear a 
legend regarding such restrictions. 
Payments of principal, interest and any other amount in respect of the Registered Global Notes will, in the 
absence of provision to the contrary, be made to the person shown on the Register (as defined in Condition 1

--- Page 105 ---
96 
 
 
 
 
of the Conditions) as the registered holder of the Registered Global Notes.  None of the Issuer, the Trustee, 
any Paying Agent or the Registrar will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records 
relating to or payments or deliveries made on account of beneficial ownership interests in the Registered 
Global Notes or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership 
interests. 
Payments of principal, interest or any other amount in respect of the Registered Notes in definitive form will, 
in the absence of provision to the contrary, be made to the persons shown on the Register on the relevant 
Record Date (as defined in Condition 7(b) of the Conditions) immediately preceding the due date for payment 
in the manner provided in that Condition. 
Interests in a Registered Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge), in whole but not in part, for 
definitive Registered Notes without receipts, interest coupons or talons attached only upon the occurrence of 
an Exchange Event.  For these purposes, “Exchange Event” means that (1) in the case of Notes registered in 
the name of a nominee for a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, the Issuer has 
been notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have been closed for business for a 
continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have announced an 
intention permanently to cease business or have in fact done so and, in any such case, no successor clearing 
system is available, or (2) the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided for or 
referred to in Condition 8 of the Conditions which would not be required were the Registered Notes 
represented by the Registered Global Note in definitive form or (3) such other event as may be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms.  The Issuer will promptly give notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 17 
of the Conditions if an Exchange Event occurs.  In the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event, 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in such 
Registered Global Note) may give notice to the Registrar requesting exchange and, in the event of the 
occurrence of an Exchange Event as described in (2) above, the Issuer may also give notice to the Registrar 
requesting exchange.  Any such exchange shall occur not later than 15 days after the date on which the 
relevant notice is received by the Registrar. 
Transfer of Interests 
Interests in a Registered Global Note may, subject to compliance with all applicable restrictions, be 
transferred to a person who wishes to hold such interest in another Registered Global Note.  No beneficial 
owner of an interest in a Registered Global Note will be able to transfer such interest, except in accordance 
with the applicable procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, in each case to the extent 
applicable.  Registered Notes are also subject to the restrictions on transfer set forth therein and will bear a 
legend regarding such restrictions, see “Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions”. 
General 
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement, the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent shall arrange that, where a further 
Tranche of Notes is issued which is intended to form a single Series with an existing Tranche of Notes, the 
Notes of such further Tranche shall be assigned an ISIN and a common code by Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. 
A Note may be accelerated by the holder thereof in certain circumstances described in Condition 10 of the 
Conditions.  In such circumstances, where any Note is still represented by a Global Note and a holder of such 
Note so represented and credited to his account with the relevant clearing system(s) gives notice that it wishes 
to accelerate such Note, unless within a period of 15 days from the giving of such notice payment has been 
made in full of the amount due in accordance with the terms of such Global Note, holders of interests in such 
Global Note credited to their accounts with the relevant clearing system(s) will become entitled to proceed 
directly against the Issuer on the basis of statements of account provided by the relevant clearing system(s) on 
and subject to the terms of the relevant Global Note. 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a Global Note held on behalf of Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg each person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time 
being shown in the records of Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular nominal 
amount of such Notes (in which regard any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream,

--- Page 106 ---
97 
 
 
 
 
Luxembourg as to the nominal amount of such Notes standing to the account of any person shall be 
conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall be treated by the Issuer and its 
agents as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes for all purposes other than with respect to the 
payment of principal or interest on such nominal amount of such Notes, for which purpose the bearer of the 
relevant Bearer Global Note or the registered holder of the relevant Registered Global Note shall be treated by 
the Issuer and its agents as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes in accordance with and subject to 
the terms of the relevant Global Note and the expressions “Noteholder” and “holder of Notes” and related 
expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, be 
deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Payment Business Days 
Notwithstanding the definition of “business day” in Condition 7(g) (Non-Business days), while all the Notes 
are represented by a Permanent Global Note (or by a Permanent Global Note and/or a Temporary Global 
Note) and the Permanent Global Note is (or the Permanent Global Note and/or the Temporary Global Note 
are) deposited with a depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and/or any other relevant clearing system, “business day” means:  (i) (in the case of payment in euro) any day 
which is a TARGET Business Day and a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in 
each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; or (ii) (in the case of a payment in a currency other than euro) any 
day which is a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in the principal financial centre 
of the currency of payment and in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre. 
Notices 
Notwithstanding Condition 17 (Notices), while all the Notes are represented by a Permanent Global Note (or 
by a Permanent Global Note and/or a Temporary Global Note) and the Permanent Global Note is (or the 
Permanent Global Note and/or the Temporary Global Note are) deposited with a depositary or a common 
depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system or a 
common safekeeper, notices to Noteholders may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and, in any case, such notices shall 
be deemed to have been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices) on the date of 
delivery to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system; except that 
for so long as such Notes are admitted to trading on Euronext Dublin and it is also a requirement of applicable 
laws or regulations, such notices shall also be published on the Euronext Dublin’s website, 
https://live.euronext.com, the Issuer’s website and through other appropriate public announcements and/or 
regulatory filings pursuant to mandatory provisions of Italian law.

--- Page 107 ---
98 
 
 
 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions that, subject to completion and amendment and as 
completed in accordance with the provisions of the applicable Final Terms, shall be applicable to the Notes in 
definitive form (if any) issued in exchange for the Global Note(s) representing each Series.  Either (i) the full 
text of these terms and conditions together with the relevant provisions of the Final Terms or (ii) these terms 
and conditions as so completed (and subject to simplification by the deletion of non-applicable provisions), 
shall be endorsed on such Bearer Notes or on the Certificates relating to such Registered Notes.  All 
capitalised terms that are not defined in these Conditions will have the meanings given to them in the 
applicable Final Terms.  Those definitions will be endorsed on the definitive Notes or Certificates, as the case 
may be.  References in the Conditions to “Notes” are to the Notes of one Series only, not to all Notes that may 
be issued under the Programme. 
The Notes are constituted by a Trust Deed (as amended or supplemented as at the date of issue of the Notes 
(the “Issue Date”), the “Trust Deed”) dated 16 May 2023 between Mundys S.p.A. (“Mundys” or the 
“Issuer”, which expression shall include any company substituted in place of the Issuer in accordance with 
Condition 11(d) or any permitted successor(s) or assignee(s)) and BNY Mellon Corporate Trustee Services 
Limited (the “Trustee”, which expression shall include all persons for the time being the trustee or trustees 
under the Trust Deed) as trustee for the Noteholders (as defined below).  These terms and conditions (the 
“Conditions”) include summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions of the Trust Deed, which 
includes the form of the Bearer Notes, Certificates, Coupons and Talons referred to below.  An Agency 
Agreement (as amended or supplemented as at the Issue Date, the “Agency Agreement”) dated 16 May 2023 
has been entered into in relation to the Notes between the Issuer, the Trustee, The Bank of New York Mellon 
as initial issuing and principal paying agent and the other agents named in it.  The issuing and principal paying 
agent, the paying agents, the registrar, the transfer agents and the calculation agent(s) for the time being (if 
any) are referred to below respectively as the “Issuing and Principal Paying Agent”, the “Paying Agents” 
(which expression shall include the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent), the “Registrar”, the “Transfer 
Agents” (which expression shall include the Registrar) and the “Calculation Agent(s)”.  
Copies of, inter alia, the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement are available for inspection by appointment 
during normal business hours at the specified office of each of the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent, the 
Registrar and any other Paying Agents and Transfer Agents (such Paying Agents and the Transfer Agents 
being together referred to as the “Agents”) and at the relevant Agent’s option, such inspection may be 
provided electronically.  Copies of the applicable Final Terms are obtainable by appointment during normal 
business hours at the specified office of each of the Agents at the relevant Agent’s option, such inspection 
may be provided electronically save that, if this Note is an unlisted Note, the Final Terms will only be 
obtainable by a Noteholder holding one of more unlisted Notes and such Noteholder must produce evidence 
satisfactory to the Issuer and the relevant Agent as to its holding of such Notes and of the Noteholder’s 
identity. 
The Noteholders, the holders of the interest coupons (the “Coupons”) relating to interest bearing Bearer Notes 
and, where applicable in the case of such Notes, talons for further Coupons (the “Talons”) (the 
“Couponholders”) are entitled to the benefit of, are bound by, and are deemed to have notice of, all the 
provisions of the Trust Deed and are deemed to have notice of those provisions applicable to them of the 
Agency Agreement. 
1. 
Form, Denomination and Title 
The Notes are issued in bearer form (“Bearer Notes”), or in registered form (“Registered Notes”) in 
each case in the Specified Denomination(s) as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
All Registered Notes shall have the same Specified Denomination. 
The Notes may be Fixed Rate Notes, Floating Rate Notes, Zero Coupon Notes or a combination of 
any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest and Redemption/Payment Basis shown in the 
applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 108 ---
99 
 
 
 
 
Bearer Notes are serially numbered and are issued with Coupons (and, where appropriate, a Talon) 
attached, save in the case of Zero Coupon Notes in which case references to interest (other than in 
relation to interest due after the Maturity Date), Coupons and Talons in these Conditions are not 
applicable. 
Registered Notes are represented by registered certificates (“Certificates”) and, save as provided in 
Condition 2(c), each Certificate shall represent the entire holding of Registered Notes by the same 
holder. 
Title to the Bearer Notes and the Coupons and Talons shall pass by delivery.  Title to the Registered 
Notes shall pass by registration in the register that the Issuer shall procure to be kept by the Registrar 
in accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement (the “Register”).  Except as ordered by a 
court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the holder (as defined below) of any Note, 
Coupon or Talon shall be deemed to be and may be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes 
whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or an interest in it, any 
writing on it (or on the Certificate representing it) or its theft or loss (or that of the related Certificate) 
and no person shall be liable for so treating the holder. 
In these Conditions, “Noteholder” means the bearer of any Bearer Note or the person in whose name 
a Registered Note is registered (as the case may be), “holder” (in relation to a Note, Coupon or Talon) 
means the bearer of any Bearer Note, Coupon or Talon or the person in whose name a Registered 
Note is registered (as the case may be) and capitalised terms have the meanings given to them herein 
or in the applicable Final Terms, the absence of any such meaning indicating that such term is not 
applicable to the Notes. 
2. 
Transfers of Registered Notes 
(a) 
Transfer of Registered Notes 
One or more Registered Notes may be transferred upon the surrender (at the specified office 
of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent) of the Certificate representing such Registered Notes 
to be transferred, together with the form of transfer endorsed on such Certificate (or another 
form of transfer substantially in the same form and containing the same representations and 
certifications (if any), unless otherwise agreed by the Issuer), duly completed and executed 
and any other evidence as the Registrar or the Transfer Agent may reasonably require.  In the 
case of a transfer of part only of a holding of Registered Notes represented by one Certificate, 
a new Certificate shall be issued to the transferee in respect of the part transferred and a 
further new Certificate in respect of the balance of the holding not transferred shall be issued 
to the transferor.  All transfers of Notes and entries on the Register will be made subject to the 
detailed regulations concerning transfers of Notes scheduled to the Agency Agreement.  The 
regulations may be changed by the Issuer, with the prior written approval of the Registrar and 
the Trustee.  A copy of the current regulations will be made available by the Registrar to any 
Noteholder upon request. 
(b) 
Exercise of Options or Partial Redemption in Respect of Registered Notes 
In the case of any redemption of the Notes at the option of the Issuer or Noteholders in respect 
of, or a partial redemption of, a holding of Registered Notes represented by a single 
Certificate, a new Certificate shall be issued to the holder to reflect the exercise of such option 
or in respect of the balance of the holding not redeemed.  In the case of a partial exercise of an 
option resulting in Registered Notes of the same holding having different terms, separate 
Certificates shall be issued in respect of those Notes of that holding that have the same terms.  
New Certificates shall only be issued against surrender of the existing Certificates to the 
Registrar or any Transfer Agent.  In the case of a transfer of Registered Notes to a person who 
is already a holder of Registered Notes, a new Certificate representing the enlarged holding 
shall only be issued against surrender of the Certificate representing the existing holding.

--- Page 109 ---
100 
 
 
 
 
(c) 
Delivery of New Certificates 
Each new Certificate to be issued pursuant to Conditions 2(a) or (b) shall be available for 
delivery within three business days of receipt of the request for exchange, form of transfer or 
Exercise Notice (as defined in Condition 6(e)) and surrender of the Certificate for exchange.  
Delivery of the new Certificate(s) shall be made at the specified office of the Transfer Agent 
or of the Registrar (as the case may be) to whom delivery or surrender of such request for 
exchange, form of transfer, Exercise Notice or Certificate shall have been made or, at the 
option of the holder making such delivery or surrender as aforesaid and as specified in the 
relevant request for exchange, form of transfer, Exercise Notice or otherwise in writing, be 
mailed by uninsured post at the risk of the holder entitled to the new Certificate to such 
address as may be so specified, unless such holder requests otherwise and pays in advance to 
the relevant Transfer Agent the costs of such other method of delivery and/or such insurance 
as it may specify.  In this Condition 2(c), “business day” means a day, other than a Saturday 
or Sunday, on which banks are open for business in the place of the specified office of the 
relevant Transfer Agent or the Registrar (as the case may be). 
(d) 
Exchange Free of Charge 
Exchange and transfer of Notes and Certificates on registration, transfer, exercise of an option 
or partial redemption shall be effected without charge by or on behalf of the Issuer, the 
Registrar or the Transfer Agents, but upon payment of any tax or other governmental charges 
that may be imposed in relation to it (or the giving of such indemnity as the Registrar or the 
relevant Transfer Agent may require). 
(e) 
Closed Periods 
No Noteholder may require the transfer of a Registered Note to be registered (i) during the 
period of fifteen (15) days ending on the due date for redemption of that Note, (ii) during the 
period of fifteen (15) days prior to any date on which Notes may be called for redemption by 
the Issuer at its option pursuant to Condition 6(f), Condition 6(g) or Condition 6(h), (iii) after 
any such Note has been called for redemption or (iv) during the period of seven (7) days 
ending on (and including) any Record Date. 
3. 
Status 
The Notes constitute “obbligazioni” pursuant to Article 2410 et seq. of the Italian Civil Code.  The 
Notes and the Coupons relating to them constitute (subject to Condition 4(a)) unsecured obligations of 
the Issuer and shall at all times rank pari passu and without any preference among themselves and at 
least pari passu with all senior, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, save for such 
obligations as may be preferred by provisions of law that are both mandatory and of general 
application. 
4. 
Negative Pledge  
(a) 
Negative Pledge 
So long as any of the Notes or Coupons remains outstanding (as defined in the Trust Deed) 
neither the Issuer nor any Principal Subsidiary shall create or permit to subsist any mortgage, 
charge, pledge, lien or other form of encumbrance or security interest (“Security”) upon the 
whole or any part of its undertaking, assets or revenues present or future to secure any 
Relevant Debt, or any guarantee of or indemnity in respect of any Relevant Debt, except for 
Permitted Encumbrances (as defined below) unless, at the same time or prior thereto, the 
Issuer’s obligations under the Notes, the Coupons and the Trust Deed (A) are secured equally 
and rateably therewith to the satisfaction of the Trustee or benefit from a guarantee or 
indemnity in substantially identical terms thereto, as the case may be, in each case to the 
satisfaction of the Trustee or (B) have the benefit of such other security, guarantee, indemnity 
or other arrangement as the Trustee in its absolute discretion shall deem to be not materially

--- Page 110 ---
101 
 
 
 
 
less beneficial to the interests of the Noteholders or as shall be approved by a Resolution (as 
defined in the Trust Deed) of the Noteholders. 
(b) 
Definitions 
In these Conditions: 
“EBITDA” means, with respect to any date, the profit (loss) from operations plus the 
depreciation and amortisation charge and changes in impairments losses on assets for such 
date, calculated in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (as adopted 
by the European Union) by reference to the Most Recent Consolidated Financial Statements; 
“Entity” means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, 
association, foundation, organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not 
having separate legal personality; 
“Group” means Mundys and its Subsidiaries from time to time; 
“Most Recent Consolidated Financial Statements” means, with respect to any date, the 
most recently published consolidated financial statements of the Group; 
“Permitted Encumbrance” means: 
(i) 
any Security in existence on the Issue Date of the Notes;  
(ii) 
any Security upon the shares (or equity equivalent) the Issuer or any Principal 
Subsidiary holds in, or its rights under a loan made to, a Project Entity for the benefit 
of the holders of the Relevant Debt of such Project Entity; 
(iii) 
in the case of any Entity which becomes a Subsidiary (or, for the avoidance of doubt, 
which is deemed to become a Principal Subsidiary) of any member of the Group after 
the Issue Date of the Notes, any Security securing Relevant Debt existing over its 
assets at the time it becomes such a Subsidiary or Principal Subsidiary (as applicable) 
provided that the Security was not created in contemplation of or in connection with 
it becoming a Subsidiary or Principal Subsidiary (as applicable) and the amounts 
secured have not been increased in contemplation of or in connection therewith; 
(iv) 
any Security created in connection with convertible bonds or notes where the Security 
is created over the assets into which the convertible bonds or notes may be converted 
and secures only the obligations of the Issuer or any relevant Principal Subsidiary, as 
the case may be, to effect the conversion of the bonds or notes into such assets;  
(v) 
any Security securing Relevant Debt created in substitution of any Security permitted 
under paragraphs (i) to (iv) above over the same or substituted assets provided that 
(1) the principal amount secured by the substitute security does not exceed the 
principal amount outstanding and secured by the initial Security and (2) in the case of 
substituted assets, the market value of the substituted assets as at the time of 
substitution does not exceed the market value of the assets replaced, as determined 
and confirmed in writing to the Trustee by the Issuer; and

--- Page 111 ---
102 
 
 
 
 
(v) 
any Security other than Security permitted under paragraphs (i) to (iv) above directly 
or indirectly securing Relevant Debt, where the principal amount of such Relevant 
Debt (taken on the date such Relevant Debt is incurred) which is secured or is 
otherwise directly or indirectly preferred to other general unsecured financial 
indebtedness of the Issuer or any Principal Subsidiary, as the case may be, does not 
exceed in aggregate 10 per cent. of the total net shareholders’ equity of the Group (as 
disclosed in the most recent annual audited and unaudited semi-annual consolidated 
balance sheet of Mundys); 
“Principal Subsidiary” means any member of the Group which accounts for more than 25 
per cent. of the consolidated EBITDA of the Group (as specified below) as of the date of the 
Most Recent Consolidated Financial Statements, where: 
(a) 
the numerator in the relevant calculation shall be determined by multiplying the 
EBITDA generated by such member of the Group (on a standalone basis) by Mundys’ 
ownership percentage of such company, and  
(b) 
the denominator in the relevant calculation shall be determined by aggregating the 
EBITDA of all members of the Group, in each case as determined by multiplying the 
EBITDA generated by such member of the Group (on a standalone basis) by Mundys’ 
ownership percentage of such company, 
in each case as calculated by reference to the Most Recent Consolidated Financial Statements; 
“Project Entity” means an Entity whose principal business is constituted by the ownership, 
acquisition, development, operation or maintenance of an asset or a Project, either directly or 
indirectly; 
“Project Finance Indebtedness” means indebtedness where the recourse of the creditors 
thereof is limited to any or all of (a) the relevant Project (or the concession or assets related 
thereto), (b) the share capital of, or other equity contribution to, the Entity or Entities 
developing, financing or otherwise directly involved in the relevant Project; (c) the proceeds 
deriving from the enforcement of any security taken over all or any part of the assets relating 
to the Project (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any interest or equity participations in 
the relevant Entity or Entities holding, directly and/or indirectly, the relevant assets or 
concessions and/or operating the relevant business) and (d) other credit support (including, 
without limitation, completion guarantees and contingent equity obligations) customarily 
provided in support of such indebtedness; 
“Project” means any project carried out by an Entity pursuant to one or more contracts for the 
ownership, acquisition (in each case in whole or in part), development, design, construction, 
upgrading, operation and/or maintenance of any asset (including, without limitation, 
concessions granted by public entities and authorities), infrastructure or businesses reasonably 
related thereto, incidental thereto or in furtherance thereof, where any member of the Group 
has an interest in the Entity (whether alone or together with other partners) and any member 
of the Group finances the investment required in the Project with Project Finance 
Indebtedness, shareholder loans and/or its share capital or other equity contributions; 
“Relevant Debt” means any present or future indebtedness in the form of, or represented by, 
bonds, notes, debentures, or other securities that are for the time being, or are intended to be, 
quoted, listed or ordinarily dealt in on any stock exchange or any other securities market 
(including any over-the-counter market) except that in no event shall indebtedness in respect 
of any Project Finance Indebtedness (or any guarantee or indemnity of the same) be 
considered as “Relevant Debt”; and

--- Page 112 ---
103 
 
 
 
 
“Subsidiary” means, in respect of any Entity at any particular time, any company or 
corporation in which: 
(a) 
the majority of the votes capable of being voted in an ordinary shareholders’ meeting 
is held, directly or indirectly, by the Entity; or 
(b) 
the Entity holds, directly or indirectly, a sufficient number of votes to give the Entity 
a dominant influence (influenza dominante) in an ordinary shareholders’ meeting of 
such company or corporation, 
as provided by Article 2359, paragraph 1, No. 1 and 2, of the Italian Civil Code. 
5. 
Interest and other Calculations 
(a) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from the Interest 
Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of 
Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date.  If a Fixed 
Coupon Amount or a Broken Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the amount 
of interest payable on each Interest Payment Date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount 
or, if applicable, the Broken Amount so specified and in the case of the Broken Amount will 
be payable on the particular Interest Payment Date(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
The amount of interest payable in respect of each Fixed Rate Note for any period for which 
no Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount is specified shall be calculated in accordance 
with Condition 5(f) below. 
(b) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from the 
Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal 
to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment 
Date.  Such Interest Payment Date(s) is/are either shown in the applicable Final 
Terms as Specified Interest Payment Dates or, if no Specified Interest Payment 
Date(s) is/are shown in the applicable Final Terms, Interest Payment Date shall mean 
each date which falls the number of months or other period shown in the applicable 
Final Terms as the Interest Period after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the 
case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention 
If any date referred to in these Conditions that is specified to be subject to adjustment 
in accordance with a Business Day Convention would otherwise fall on a day that is 
not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is (A) the 
Floating Rate Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day 
that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in 
which event (x) such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding 
Business Day and (y) each subsequent such date shall be the last Business Day of the 
month in which such date would have fallen had it not been subject to adjustment, 
(B) the Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next 
day that is a Business Day, (C) the Modified Following Business Day Convention, 
such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would 
thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event such date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day or (D) the Preceding Business 
Day Convention, such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding 
Business Day.

--- Page 113 ---
104 
 
 
 
 
(iii) 
Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes 
The Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate Notes for each Interest Accrual Period 
shall be determined in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms and the 
provisions below relating to either ISDA Determination or Screen Rate Determination 
shall apply, depending upon which is specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(A) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest 
for each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined by the Calculation Agent 
as a rate equal to the relevant ISDA Rate.  For the purposes of this 
sub-paragraph (A), “ISDA Rate” for an Interest Accrual Period means a rate 
equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Calculation Agent 
under an interest rate swap transaction if the Calculation Agent, as applicable, 
were acting as Calculation Agent (as defined in the ISDA Definitions (as 
defined below)) for that swap transaction under the terms of an agreement 
incorporating (I) unless “2021 ISDA Definitions” are specified as being 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as 
supplemented, amended and updated as at the date of issue of the first 
Tranche of the Notes of such Series), as published by the International Swaps 
and Derivatives Association, Inc. (“ISDA”) (copies of which may be 
obtained from ISDA at www.isda.org); or (II) if “2021 ISDA Definitions” are 
specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the latest version of 
the ISDA 2021 Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions, including each Matrix 
(as defined therein) (and any successor thereto), each as published by ISDA 
(or any successor) on its website (http://www.isda.org), on the date of issue 
of the first Tranche of the Notes of such Series, (the “ISDA Definitions”) and 
under which: 
(x) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
(y) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the applicable Final 
Terms;  
(z) 
the relevant Reset Date is the first day of that Interest Accrual Period 
unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), “Floating Rate”, “Calculation 
Agent”, “Floating Rate Option”, “Designated Maturity” and “Reset Date” 
have the meanings given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
In connection with any Compounding/Averaging Method or Index Method 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, references in the ISDA definitions to: 
- “Confirmation” shall be references to the relevant Final Terms; 
- “Calculation Period” shall be references to the relevant Interest Period; 
- “Termination Date” shall be references to the Maturity Date; and 
- “Effective Date” shall be references to the Interest Commencement Date. 
If the Final Terms specify “2021 ISDA Definitions” as the applicable ISDA 
Definitions: 
- “Administrator/Benchmark Event” shall be disapplied; and

--- Page 114 ---
105 
 
 
 
 
- if the Temporary Non-Publication Fallback in respect of any specified 
Floating Rate Option is specified to be “Temporary Non-Publication – 
Alternative Rate” in the Floating Rate Matrix of the 2021 ISDA Definitions 
the reference to “Calculation Agent Alternative Rate Determination” in the 
definition of “Temporary Non-Publication–Alternative Rate” shall be 
replaced by “Temporary Non-Publication Fallback – Previous Day's Rate”. 
(B) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of 
Interest for each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined by the 
Calculation Agent at or about the Relevant Time on the Interest 
Determination Date in respect of such Interest Accrual Period in accordance 
with the following: 
(x) 
if the Primary Source for Floating Rate is a Page, subject as provided 
below, the Rate of Interest shall be: 
(I) 
the Relevant Rate (where such Relevant Rate on such Page is 
a composite quotation or is customarily supplied by one 
entity); or 
(II) 
the arithmetic mean of the Relevant Rates of the persons 
whose Relevant Rates appear on that Page, 
in each case appearing on such Page at the Relevant Time on the Interest 
Determination Date; 
(y) 
if the Primary Source for the Floating Rate is Reference Banks or if 
sub-paragraph (x)(I) applies and no Relevant Rate appears on the 
Page at the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date or if 
sub-paragraph (x)(II) above applies and fewer than two Relevant 
Rates appear on the Page at the Relevant Time on the Interest 
Determination Date, subject as provided below, the Rate of Interest 
shall be the arithmetic mean of the Relevant Rates that each of the 
Reference Banks is quoting to leading banks in the Relevant 
Financial Centre at the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination 
Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent; and 
(z) 
if paragraph (y) above applies and the Calculation Agent determines 
that fewer than two Reference Banks are so quoting Relevant Rates, 
subject as provided below, the Rate of Interest shall be the arithmetic 
mean of the rates per annum (expressed as a percentage) that the 
Calculation Agent determines to be the rates (being the nearest 
equivalent to the Benchmark) in respect of a Representative Amount 
of the Specified Currency that at least two out of five leading banks 
selected by the Issuer in the principal financial centre of the country 
of the Specified Currency or, if the Specified Currency is euro, in the 
Euro-zone as selected by the Issuer (the “Principal Financial 
Centre”) are quoting at or about the Relevant Time on the date on 
which such banks would customarily quote such rates for a period 
commencing on the Effective Date for a period equivalent to the 
Specified Duration (I) to leading banks carrying on business in 
Europe, or (if the Issuer determines that fewer than two of such banks 
are so quoting to leading banks in Europe) (II) to leading banks 
carrying on business in the Principal Financial Centre; except that, if 
fewer than two of such banks are so quoting to leading banks in the

--- Page 115 ---
106 
 
 
 
 
Principal Financial Centre, the Rate of Interest shall be the Rate of 
Interest determined on the previous Interest Determination Date 
(after readjustment for any difference between any Margin, Rate 
Multiplier or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest applicable to 
the preceding Interest Accrual Period and to the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period). 
(C) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which Rate of Interest is to be determined in respect of an Interest 
Period, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the 
Issuing and Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, 
by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the 
relevant Reference Rate (where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as the manner in which Rate of Interest is to be 
determined) or the relevant Floating Rate Option (where ISDA Determination 
is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which Rate of 
Interest is to be determined), one of which shall be determined as if the 
Applicable Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available 
next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period and the other of 
which shall be determined as if the Applicable Maturity were the period of 
time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant 
Interest Period provided however that if there is no rate available for the 
period of time next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, then the Issuer 
shall appoint an Independent Adviser to determine such rate at such time and 
by reference to such sources as it determines appropriate. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
“Applicable Maturity” means: (a) in relation to Screen Rate Determination, 
the period of time designated in the Reference Rate, and (b) in relation to 
ISDA Determination, the Designated Maturity. 
(D) 
Compounding 
If the specified Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate Option (as 
defined in the ISDA Definitions), Compounding is specified to be applicable 
in the relevant Final Terms and: (I) Compounding with Lookback is specified 
as the Compounding Method in the relevant Final Terms, Lookback is the 
number of Applicable Business Days (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; (II) Compounding with Observation 
Period Shift is specified as the Compounding Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, (y) Observation Period Shift is the number of Observation Period 
Shift Business Days (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, and (z) Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days (as defined in the ISDA Definitions), if applicable, are the days 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; or (III) Compounding with Lockout is 
specified as the Compounding Method in the relevant Final Terms, (y) 
Lockout is the number of Lockout Period Business Days (as defined in the 
ISDA Definitions) specified in the relevant Final Terms, and (z) Lockout 
Period Business Days, if applicable, are the days specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
(E) 
Averaging 
If the specified Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate Option (as 
defined in the ISDA Definitions), Averaging is specified to be applicable in

--- Page 116 ---
107 
 
 
 
 
the relevant Final Terms and: (I) Averaging with Lookback is specified as the 
Averaging Method in the relevant Final Terms, Lookback is the number of 
Applicable Business Days (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) as specified 
in relevant Final Terms; (II) Averaging with Observation Period Shift is 
specified as the Averaging Method in the relevant Final Terms, (y) 
Observation Period Shift is the number of Observation Period Shift Business 
Days (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, and (z) Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days (as 
defined in the ISDA Definitions), if applicable, are the days specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; or (III) Averaging with Lockout is specified as the 
Averaging Method in the relevant Final Terms, (y) Lockout is the number of 
Lockout Period Business Days (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, and (z) Lockout Period Business Days, if 
applicable, are the days specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(F) 
Index Provisions 
If the specified Floating Rate Option is an Index Floating Rate Option (as 
defined in the ISDA Definitions) and Index Provisions are specified to be 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Compounded Index Method with 
Observation Period Shift (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) shall be 
applicable and, (I) Observation Period Shift is the number of Observation 
Period Shift Business Days (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) specified in 
the relevant Final Terms and (II) Observation Period Shift Additional 
Business Days, if applicable, are the days specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
(c) 
Zero Coupon Notes 
Where a Zero Coupon Note is repayable prior to the Maturity Date and is not paid when due, 
the amount due and payable prior to the Maturity Date shall be the Early Redemption Amount 
of such Zero Coupon Note.  As from the Maturity Date, the Rate of Interest for any overdue 
principal of such Zero Coupon Note shall be a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) 
equal to the Amortisation Yield (as described in Condition 6(c)(i)). 
(d) 
Accrual of Interest 
Interest shall cease to accrue on each Note on the due date for redemption unless, upon due 
presentation, payment is improperly withheld or refused, in which event interest shall 
continue to accrue (as well after as before judgment) at the Rate of Interest in the manner 
provided in this Condition 5 to the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 8). 
(e) 
Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest and Redemption Amounts, Rate Multipliers and 
Rounding 
(i) 
If any Margin or Rate Multiplier is specified in the applicable Final Terms (either 
(x) generally, or (y) in relation to one or more Interest Accrual Periods), an 
adjustment shall be made to all Rates of Interest, in the case of (x), or the Rates of 
Interest for the specified Interest Accrual Periods, in the case of (y), calculated in 
accordance with Condition 5(b) above by adding (if a positive number) or subtracting 
the absolute value (if a negative number) of such Margin or multiplying by such Rate 
Multiplier, subject always to the next paragraph. 
(ii) 
If any Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest or Redemption Amount is specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, then (subject to Condition 6(a)) any Rate of Interest or 
Redemption Amount shall be subject to such maximum or minimum, as the case may 
be.

--- Page 117 ---
108 
 
 
 
 
(iii) 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions (unless 
otherwise specified), (x) all percentages resulting from such calculations shall be 
rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point 
(with halves being rounded up), (y) all figures shall be rounded to seven significant 
figures (with halves being rounded up) and (z) all currency amounts that fall due and 
payable shall be rounded to the nearest unit of such currency (with halves being 
rounded up), save in the case of yen, which shall be rounded down to the nearest yen.  
For these purposes “unit” means the lowest amount of such currency that is available 
as legal tender in the country(ies) of such currency. 
(f) 
Calculations 
The amount of interest payable in respect of any Note for any period shall be calculated by 
multiplying the product of the Rate of Interest and the Calculation Amount of such Note by 
the Day Count Fraction, unless an Interest Amount (or a formula for its calculation) is 
specified in respect of such period, in which case the amount of interest payable in respect of 
such Note for such period shall equal such Interest Amount (or be calculated in accordance 
with such formula).  Where any Interest Period comprises two or more Interest Accrual 
Periods, the amount of interest payable in respect of such Interest Period shall be the sum of 
the amounts of interest payable in respect of each of those Interest Accrual Periods.  Where 
the Specified Denomination of a Note comprises more than one Calculation Amount, the 
amount of interest payable is respect of such Note shall be the aggregate of the amounts 
(determined in the manner provided above) for each Calculation Amount comprising the 
Specified Denomination without any further rounding. 
(g) 
Determination and Publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, Final Redemption 
Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts and Optional Redemption Amounts 
As soon as practicable after the Relevant Time on each Interest Determination Date or such 
other time on such date as the Calculation Agent may be required to calculate any rate or 
amount, obtain any quotation or make any determination or calculation, it shall determine 
such rate and calculate the Interest Amounts in respect of each Specified Denomination of the 
Notes for the relevant Interest Accrual Period, calculate the Final Redemption Amount, Early 
Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount, obtain such quotation or make such 
determination or calculation, as the case may be, and cause the Rate of Interest and the 
Interest Amounts for each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date and, if 
required to be calculated, the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or 
Optional Redemption Amount to be notified to the Trustee, the Issuer, each of the Paying 
Agents, the Noteholders, any other Calculation Agent appointed in respect of the Notes that is 
to make a further calculation upon receipt of such information and, if the Notes are listed on a 
stock exchange and the rules of such exchange or other relevant authority so require, such 
exchange or other relevant authority as soon as possible after their determination but in no 
event later than (i) the commencement of the relevant Interest Period, if determined prior to 
such time, in the case of notification to such exchange of a Rate of Interest and Interest 
Amount, or (ii) in all other cases, the fourth Business Day after such determination.  Where 
any Interest Payment Date or Interest Period Date is subject to adjustment pursuant to 
Condition 5(b)(ii), the Interest Amounts and the Interest Payment Date so published may 
subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of 
adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period.  If 
the Notes become due and payable under Condition 10, the accrued interest and the Rate of 
Interest payable in respect of the Notes shall nevertheless continue to be calculated as 
previously in accordance with this Condition but no publication of the Rate of Interest or the 
Interest Amount so calculated need be made.  The determination of any rate or amount, the 
obtaining of each quotation and the making of each determination or calculation by the 
Calculation Agent(s) shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding upon all 
parties.

--- Page 118 ---
109 
 
 
 
 
(h) 
Definitions 
In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall 
have the meanings set out below: 
“Business Day” means: 
(i) 
in the case of a currency other than euro, a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the 
principal financial centre for such currency; and/or 
(ii) 
in the case of euro, a day on which the T2 System is operating (a “TARGET 
Business Day”); and/or 
(iii) 
in the case of a currency and/or one or more Business Centres (specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in such currency in 
the Business Centre(s) or, if no currency is indicated, generally in each of the 
Business Centres. 
“Calculation Amount” means, in respect of a Series of Notes, an amount specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, which may be less than, or equal to, but not greater than, the Specified 
Denomination for such Series. 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any 
Note for any period of time (from and including the first day of such period to but excluding 
the last) (whether or not constituting an Interest Period, the “Calculation Period”): 
(i) 
if “Actual/365” or “Actual/Actual — ISDA” is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any 
portion of that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual 
number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided 
by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period 
falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number 
of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Calculation Period divided by 360; 
(iv) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Note Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360 (the number of days to be 
calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months (unless (a) the 
last day of the Calculation Period is the 31st day of a month but the first day of the 
Calculation Period is a day other than the 30th or 31st day of a month, in which case 
the month that includes that last day shall not be considered to be shortened to a 
30-day month, or (b) the last day of the Calculation Period is the last day of the month 
of February, in which case the month of February shall not be considered to be 
lengthened to a 30-day month)); 
(v) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula 
basis as follows: 
Day count Fraction =
[360 × (Y2 − Y1)] + [30 × (M2 − M1)] + (D2 − D1)
360

--- Page 119 ---
110 
 
 
 
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls;  
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls;  
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls;  
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls;  
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and  
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case 
D2 will be 30; 
(vi) 
if “Actual/Actual - ICMA” is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(a) 
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period 
during which it falls, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 
the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination Period and 
(y) the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year; and 
(b) 
if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period, the sum of: 
(x) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
Determination Period in which it begins divided by the product of 
(1) the number of days in such Determination Period and (2) the 
number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year; and 
(y) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (1) the number 
of days in such Determination Period and (2) the number of 
Determination Periods normally ending in any year, 
(vii) 
if “30E/360 – ISDA” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days 
in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day count Fraction =
[360 × (Y2 − Y1)] + [30 × (M2 − M1)] + (D2 − D1)
360
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls;  
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls;  
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls;  
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls;

--- Page 120 ---
111 
 
 
 
 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless (i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in 
which case D1 will be 30; and  
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but 
not the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; 
where: 
“Determination Period” means the period from and including a Determination Date 
in any year to but excluding the next Determination Date; and 
“Determination Date” means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms 
or, if none is so specified, the Interest Payment Date. 
“Effective Date” means, with respect to any Floating Rate to be determined on an 
Interest Determination Date, the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms 
or, if none is so specified, the first day of the Interest Accrual Period to which such 
Interest Determination Date relates. 
“Euro-zone” means the region comprised of Member States of the European Union 
that adopt the single currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European 
Union, as amended. 
“Extraordinary Resolution” has the meaning given it in the Trust Deed. 
“Interest Accrual Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Period Date and 
each successive period beginning on (and including) an Interest Period Date and 
ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest Period Date. 
“Interest Amount” means the amount of interest payable, and in the case of Fixed 
Rate Notes, means the Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount, as the case may be. 
“Interest Commencement Date” means the Issue Date or such other date as may be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Interest Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date 
and each successive period beginning on (and including) an Interest Payment Date 
and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest Payment Date. 
“Interest Period Date” means each Interest Payment Date unless otherwise specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
“ISDA Definitions” means the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (as amended and/or 
supplemented from time to time), unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
“Noteholders’ Representative” has the meaning given it in the Trust Deed. 
“Page” means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular 
information service (or any successor replacement page, section, caption, column or 
other part of a particular information service) (including, but not limited to, Reuters 
EURIBOR 01 (“Reuters”)) as may be specified for the purpose of providing a 
Relevant Rate, or such other page, section, caption, column or other part as may 
replace it on that information service or on such other information service, in each 
case as may be nominated by the person or organisation providing or sponsoring the

--- Page 121 ---
112 
 
 
 
 
information appearing there for the purpose of displaying rates or prices comparable 
to that Relevant Rate. 
“Rate of Interest” means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of 
this Note and that is either specified or calculated in accordance with the provisions in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
“Reference Banks” means the institutions specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms or, if none, four major banks selected by the Issuer in the interbank market (or, 
if appropriate, money, swap or over-the-counter index options market) that is most 
closely connected with the Benchmark (which, if EURIBOR is the relevant 
Benchmark, shall be the Euro-zone). 
“Relevant Financial Centre” means, with respect to any Floating Rate to be 
determined in accordance with a Screen Rate Determination on an Interest 
Determination Date, the financial centre as may be specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms or, if none is so specified, the financial centre with which the relevant 
Benchmark is most closely connected (which, in the case of EURIBOR, shall be the 
Euro-zone) or, if none is so connected, London. 
“Relevant Rate” means EURIBOR (or any successor or replacement rate) as 
specified on the relevant Final Terms. 
“Relevant Time” means, with respect to any Interest Determination Date, the local 
time in the Relevant Financial Centre specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if no 
time is specified, the local time in the Relevant Financial Centre at which it is 
customary to determine bid and offered rates in respect of deposits in the Specified 
Currency in the interbank market in the Relevant Financial Centre or, if no such 
customary local time exists, 11.00 hours in the Relevant Financial Centre and for the 
purpose of this definition “local time” means, with respect to Europe and the 
Euro-zone as a Relevant Financial Centre, Brussels time. 
“Representative Amount” means, with respect to any Floating Rate to be determined 
in accordance with a Screen Rate Determination on an Interest Determination Date, 
the amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if none is specified, an 
amount that is representative for a single transaction in the relevant market at the time. 
“Reserved Matter” has the meaning ascribed to it in the Trust Deed. 
“Specified Currency” means the currency specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms or, if none is specified, the currency in which the Notes are denominated. 
“Specified Duration” means, with respect to any Floating Rate to be determined in 
accordance with a Screen Rate Determination on an Interest Determination Date, the 
duration specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if none is specified, a period of 
time equal to the relative Interest Accrual Period, ignoring any adjustment pursuant to 
Condition 5(b)(ii). 
“T2 System” means the Real-time Gross Settlement (T2) System operated by the 
Eurosystem or any successor thereto. 
 (i) 
Calculation Agent and Reference Banks 
The Issuer shall procure that there shall at all times be four Reference Banks (or such other 
number as may be required) with offices in the Relevant Financial Centre and one or more 
Calculation Agents if provision is made for them in the applicable Final Terms and for so 
long as any Note is outstanding.  If any Reference Bank (acting through its relevant office) is 
unable or unwilling to continue to act as a Reference Bank, then the Issuer shall appoint 
another Reference Bank with an office in the Relevant Financial Centre to act as such in its

--- Page 122 ---
113 
 
 
 
 
place.  Where more than one Calculation Agent is appointed in respect of the Notes, 
references in these Conditions to the Calculation Agent shall be construed as each Calculation 
Agent performing its respective duties under the Conditions.  If the Calculation Agent is 
unable or unwilling to act as such or if the Calculation Agent fails duly to establish the Rate 
of Interest for an Interest Period or Interest Accrual Period or to calculate any Interest 
Amount, Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption 
Amount, as the case may be, or to comply with any other requirement, the Issuer shall appoint 
a leading bank or investment banking firm engaged in the interbank market (or, if appropriate, 
money, swap or over-the-counter index options market) that is most closely connected with 
the calculation or determination to be made by the Calculation Agent (acting through its 
principal London office or any other office actively involved in such market) to act as such in 
its place.  The Calculation Agent may not resign its duties without a successor having been 
appointed as aforesaid. 
(j) 
Benchmark Discontinuation 
(i) 
Independent Adviser 
Notwithstanding the provisions in this Condition 5, if the Issuer determines that a 
Benchmark Event has occurred in relation to an Original Reference Rate when any 
Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) remains to be determined by 
reference to such Original Reference Rate, the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours 
to appoint an Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, to determine a 
Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate, and in each case an Adjustment 
Spread (if any) and whether any Benchmark Amendments are necessary to ensure the 
proper operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread 
no later than three (3) Business Days prior to the Interest Determination Date relating 
to the next Interest Period (the “IA Determination Cut-off Date”, and such next 
succeeding Interest Period, the “Affected Interest Period”) for the purposes of 
determining the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for such next Interest Period 
and for all other future Interest Periods (subject to the subsequent operation of this 
Condition 5(j) during any other future Interest Period(s)). 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 5(j) shall act in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner and in consultation with the Issuer.  In 
the absence of bad faith, fraud and gross negligence, the Independent Adviser shall 
have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the Trustee, any Agent, the Noteholders or 
the Couponholders for any determination made by it pursuant to this Condition 5(j). 
If prior to the IA Determination Cut-off Date the Issuer is unable to appoint an 
Independent Adviser or the Independent Adviser appointed by the Issuer fails to 
determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate in accordance with 
this Condition 5(j), then the Issuer (acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner) may determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative 
Rate in accordance with this Condition 5(j) no later than two Business Days prior to 
the Reset Determination Date (the “Issuer Determination Cut-Off Date”) for the 
purposes of determining the Rate of Interest applicable to the Affected Interest Period 
and all Interest Periods thereafter (subject to the subsequent operation of this 
Condition 5(j) during any other future Interest Period(s)). 
For the avoidance of doubt, if a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate is not 
determined pursuant to the operation of this Condition 5(j) prior to the relevant Issuer 
Determination Cut-off Date, then the Rate of Interest for the next Interest Period shall 
be determined by reference to the fallback provisions of Condition 5(b)(iii). 
(ii) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate

--- Page 123 ---
114 
 
 
 
 
If the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (if it is unable to appoint an Independent 
Adviser or if the Independent Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a Successor 
Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate in accordance with this Condition 5(j) 
prior to the IA Determination Cut-off Date) prior to the Issuer Determination Cut-Off 
Date acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner determines that: 
(A) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to 
adjustment as provided in Condition 5(j)(iii) (Adjustment Spread)) 
subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the 
Rate of Interest for all future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the 
subsequent operation of this Condition 5(j) during any other future Interest 
Period(s)); or 
(B) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such 
Alternative Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 5(j)(iii) 
(Adjustment Spread)) subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference 
Rate to determine the Rate of Interest for all future payments of interest on 
the Notes (subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 5(j) during 
any other future Interest Period(s)); 
(iii) 
Adjustment Spread 
If the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (if it is unable to appoint an Independent 
Adviser or if the Independent Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a Successor 
Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate in accordance with Condition 5(j)(i) 
(Independent Adviser) prior to the IA Determination Cut-off Date) prior to the Issuer 
Determination Cut-Off Date acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner determines (A) that an Adjustment Spread is required to be applied to the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and (B) the quantum of, 
or a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such 
Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as 
the case may be). 
(iv) 
Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined in 
accordance with this Condition 5(j) and the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (if it is 
unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or if the Independent Adviser appointed by 
it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate in 
accordance with Condition 5(j)(i) (Independent Adviser) prior to the IA 
Determination Cut-off Date) prior to the Issuer Determination Cut-Off Date acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner determines (A) that amendments 
to these Conditions, the Trust Deed and/or the Agency Agreement, including but not 
limited to any Reference Banks, Additional Business Centre(s), Business Day, 
Business Day Convention, Day Count Fraction, Interest Determination Date, 
Relevant Financial Centre and/or Relevant Screen Page (all as defined in the Final 
Terms) applicable to the Notes are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such 
Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread and/or necessary or 
appropriate to comply with any applicable regulation or guidelines on the use of 
benchmarks or other related document issued by the competent regulatory authority 
(such amendments, the “Benchmark Amendments”) and (B) the terms of the 
Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof in 
accordance with Condition 5(j)(v) (Notices), without any requirement for the consent 
or approval of the Trustee, the Noteholders or Couponholders, vary these Conditions, 
the Trust Deed and/or the Agency Agreement (as applicable) to give effect to such 
Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice.

--- Page 124 ---
115 
 
 
 
 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 5(j)(iv), the 
Issuer shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are for 
the time being listed or admitted to trading. At the request of the Issuer, but subject to 
receipt by the Trustee and the Agents, as applicable, of a certificate signed by two 
Authorised Signatories of the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 5(j), the Trustee and 
the Agents shall (at the request and expense of the Issuer), without any requirement 
for the consent or approval of the Noteholders, be obliged to concur with the Issuer in 
effecting any Benchmark Amendments (including, inter alia, by the execution of a 
deed supplemental to or amending the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement, as 
applicable) and shall use reasonable endeavours to effect such Benchmark 
Amendments whether or not such amendments are prejudicial to the interests of the 
Noteholders, provided that the Trustee and the Agents, as applicable shall not be 
obliged so to concur if in the opinion of the Trustee and the Agents, as applicable 
doing so would impose more onerous obligations upon it or expose it to any 
additional duties, responsibilities or liabilities or reduce or amend the protective 
provisions afforded to the Trustee and the Agents, as applicable in these Conditions, 
the Trust Deed or the Agency Agreement, as applicable (including, for the avoidance 
of doubt, any supplemental trust deed) in any way. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 5(j), if following the 
determination of any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread or 
Benchmark Amendments (if any), in the Calculation Agent’s opinion there is any 
uncertainty between two or more alternative courses of action in making any 
determination or calculation under this Condition 5(j), the Calculation Agent shall 
promptly notify the Issuer thereof and the Issuer shall direct the Calculation Agent in 
writing as to which alternative course of action to adopt. If the Calculation Agent is 
not promptly provided with such direction, or is otherwise unable (other than due to 
its own gross negligence, willful default or fraud) to make such calculation or 
determination for any reason, it shall notify the Issuer thereof and the Calculation 
Agent shall be under no obligation to make such calculation or determination and (in 
the absence of such gross negligence, willful default or fraud) shall not incur any 
liability for not doing so. 
(v) 
Notices 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of 
any Benchmark Amendments, determined under this Condition 5(j) will be notified 
immediately by the Issuer to the Trustee and each of the Agents and, in accordance 
with Condition 17 (Notices), the Noteholders and Couponholders.  Such notice shall 
be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if 
any. 
(vi) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under Conditions 5(j)(i) to 5(j)(iv), 
the Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in Condition 
5(b)(iii) above will continue to apply unless and until a Benchmark Event has 
occurred and the party determining the Rate of Interest (being the Issuing and 
Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent or such other party specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, as applicable) has been notified of the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be), or, the applicable Adjustment Spread and 
Benchmark Amendments (if applicable), in accordance with Condition 5(j)(v). 
(vii) 
Definitions 
For the purpose of this Condition 5(j):

--- Page 125 ---
116 
 
 
 
 
“Adjustment Spread” means either a spread (which may be positive, negative or 
zero), or the formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in each case required to 
be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) as a 
result of the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or 
the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or methodology 
which: 
(A) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the 
replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any 
Relevant Nominating Body; or (if no such recommendation has been made, 
or in the case of an Alternative Rate), 
(B) 
the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines (acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner), is customarily applied 
to the relevant Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in 
international debt capital markets transactions to produce an industry-
accepted replacement rate for the Original Reference Rate; or (if the Issuer or 
the Independent Adviser determines that no such spread is customarily 
applied), 
(C) 
the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines (acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner), is recognised or 
acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-the-counter derivative 
transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate 
has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case 
may be). 
“Alternative Rate” means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the 
Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines (acting in good faith and 
in a commercially reasonable manner) has replaced the Original Reference Rate in 
accordance with Condition 5(j)(ii) (Successor Rate or Alternative Rate) is customary 
in market usage in the international debt capital markets for the purposes of 
determining floating rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) in 
respect of notes denominated in euro and of a comparable duration to the relevant 
Interest Period, or, if such Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) 
determines that there is no such rate, such other rate as such Independent Adviser or 
the Issuer (as applicable) determines in its discretion is most comparable to the 
Original Reference Rate. 
“Benchmark Event” means: 
(A) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least 5 
Business Days or ceasing to exist; or 
(B) 
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it 
will cease publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely 
(in circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed that 
will continue publication of the Original Reference Rate); or 
(C) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate, that the Original Reference Rate has been or will be 
permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
(D) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that (a) the Original Reference Rate is no longer 
representative of its relevant underlying market or (b) the methodology to 
calculate the Original Reference Rate has materially changed; or

--- Page 126 ---
117 
 
 
 
 
(E) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate as a consequence of which the Original Reference Rate will 
be prohibited from being used either generally, or in respect of the Notes; or 
(F) 
it has become unlawful for any Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent, the 
Issuer or any other party to calculate any payments due to be made to any 
Noteholder or Couponholder using the Original Reference Rate (including, 
without limitation, under the Benchmarks Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, if 
applicable), 
provided that in the case of paragraphs (B) to (E) above, the Benchmark Event shall 
occur on: 
(1) 
in the case of (B) above, the date of cessation of publication of the Original 
Reference Rate; 
(2) 
in the case of (C) above, the discontinuation of the Original Reference Rate; 
(3) 
in the case of (D) above, the date on which the Original Reference Rate is 
deemed no longer to be representative or become subject to restrictions or 
adverse consequences, 
(4) 
in the case of (E), the date on which the Original Reference Rate is prohibited 
from use, 
and not (in any such case) the date of the relevant public statement (unless the date of 
the relevant public statement coincides with the relevant date in (A), (B), (C), (D) or 
(E) above, as applicable). 
It is understood that a change of the Original Reference Rate methodology that is not 
material does not constitute a Benchmark Event.  In the event of a change in the 
formula and/or (mathematical or other) methodology used to measure the Original 
Reference Rate, reference shall be made to the Original Reference Rate based on the 
formula and/or methodology as changed. 
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international 
repute or an independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by the 
Issuer under Condition 5(j)(i) (Independent Adviser). 
“Original Reference Rate” means: 
(A) 
the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) used to 
determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the Notes; 
or 
(B) 
any Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate which has been 
determined in relation to such benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
pursuant to the operation of this Condition 5(j). 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable): 
(A) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which 
is responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen 
rate (as applicable); or 
(B) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or 
constituted at the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, (b) any central bank or other

--- Page 127 ---
118 
 
 
 
 
supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator 
of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (c) a group of the 
aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities, or (d) the 
Financial Stability Board or any part thereof. 
“Successor Rate” means the rate that the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as 
applicable) determines (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner) is a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which is 
formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
(k) 
Step Up Option  
This Condition 5(k) (Step Up Option) applies to Notes in respect of which the 
applicable Final Terms indicates that the Step Up Option is applicable (“Step Up 
Notes”). 
The Rate of Interest for Step Up Notes will be the Rate of Interest specified in, or 
determined in the manner specified in this Condition 5 (Interest and other 
Calculations) and in the applicable Final Terms, provided that if a Step Up Event has 
occurred, then for the calculation of the Interest Amount with respect to any Interest 
Period commencing on or after the first Interest Payment Date immediately following 
the occurrence of a Step Up Event, the Initial Rate of Interest (in the case of Fixed 
Rate Notes) or the Initial Margin (in the case of Floating Rate Notes) shall be 
increased by the relevant Step Up Margin (such increase, a “Step Up”).  
The applicable Final Terms shall specify whether one or more Step Up Events shall 
apply in respect of each Series of Step Up Notes and the relevant Step Up Margin in 
respect of each such event. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies that more than one Step Up Event is 
applicable, upon the occurrence of any Step Up Event so specified, the Initial Rate of 
Interest (in the case of Fixed Rate Notes) or the Initial Margin (in the case of Floating 
Rate Notes) shall be increased by the relevant Step Up Margin for such Step Up 
Event from the next following Interest Period. 
The Issuer will cause the occurrence of a Step Up Event and the related increase in 
the Initial Rate of Interest (in the case of Fixed Rate Notes) or Initial Margin (in the 
case of Floating Rate Notes) to be notified to the Trustee, the Issuing and Principal 
Paying Agent, the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes) and, in accordance with 
Condition 17 (Notices), the Noteholders as soon as reasonably practicable after such 
occurrence and in no event later than the relevant Step Up Date. Such notice shall be 
irrevocable and shall specify the Rate of Interest (in the case of Fixed Rate Notes) or 
the Margin (in the case of Floating Rate Notes), the Step Up Margin and the Step Up 
Date. 
Neither the Trustee nor any Agent shall be obliged to monitor or inquire as to whether 
a Step Up Event has occurred or have any liability in respect thereof and the Trustee 
shall be entitled to rely absolutely on any notice given to it by the Issuer pursuant to 
this Condition 5(k) (Step Up Option) without enquiry or liability. 
In this Condition 5(k) (Step Up Option): 
“Abertis” means Abertis Infraestructuras, S.A. 
“Abertis KPI Event” means any of (a) the Abertis Scope 3 Emissions Event; or (b) 
the EVCP Event (as such terms are defined in section 1 of the Annex to the 
Conditions), provided that no Abertis KPI Event shall occur if Abertis ceases to be a 
Subsidiary of the Issuer on or before the Notification Deadline.

--- Page 128 ---
119 
 
 
 
 
“ACA” means the Airport Carbon Accreditation programme. 
“ACA Rules” means the rules related to the Level 4+ “Transition” published by the 
ACA as of the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the relevant Notes. 
“AdR” means Aeroporti di Roma S.p.A. 
“AdR KPI Event” means any of (a) the ACA Accreditation Level Event; or (b) the 
AdR Scope 3 Emissions Event (as such terms are defined in section 2 of the Annex to 
the Conditions), provided that no AdR KPI Event shall occur if AdR ceases to be a 
Subsidiary of the Issuer on or before the Notification Deadline. 
“Assurance Provider” means, at any time, either (i) the external auditors of the 
Issuer from time to time appointed by the Issuer to audit the Issuer’s financial 
statements; or (ii) an independent provider of third party assurance or attestation 
services, appointed by the Issuer, with the expertise necessary to perform the 
functions required to be performed by the Assurance Provider under these Conditions, 
as determined in good faith by the Issuer. 
“GHG Protocol Standard” means the document titled “The Greenhouse Gas 
Protocol, A Corporate Accounting and Reporting Standard (Revised Edition)” 
(including all appendices thereto) published by the World Business Council for 
Sustainable Development and the World Resources Institute (as amended and updated 
as at the Issue Date). 
“Initial Rate of Interest” means, in respect of Fixed Rate Notes, the initial Rate of 
Interest specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Initial Margin” means, in respect of Floating Rate Notes, the initial Margin 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
“KPI 1 Condition” means the condition that: 
(a) 
the Issuer complies with the applicable Reporting Requirements in respect of 
the Reference Year by no later than the relevant Notification Deadline; and 
(b) 
the Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Percentage in respect of any Reference Year, as 
shown in the relevant SLB Progress Report, was equal to or greater than the 
Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Percentage Threshold in respect of such Reference 
Year,  
and if the requirements of paragraph(s) (a) and/or (b) above are not met by the 
relevant Notification Deadline in any Reference Year, the Issuer shall be deemed to 
have failed to satisfy the KPI 1 Condition in respect of such Reference Year. 
“KPI 1 Event” occurs if the Issuer fails to satisfy the KPI 1 Condition. 
“KPI 1 Recalculation Event” means, in relation to each of the Scope 1 and 2 
Emissions Amount, Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Baseline and Scope 1 and 2 Emissions 
Percentage Threshold (each, a “Relevant Value”) the occurrence of any of the 
following: 
(a) 
a change in sustainability reporting or sustainability regulations that 
significantly impacts the Relevant Value, including updated emission factors, 
improved data access or updated calculation methods or protocols; 
(b) 
a correction of a data error or a correction of a number of cumulative errors 
that together have a significant impact; or 
(c) 
without prejudice to the definition of SLB Reporting Group, a structural 
change to the SLB Reporting Group that has a significant impact, including

--- Page 129 ---
120 
 
 
 
 
as a result of acquisitions, mergers or divestments, any acquisition, expiration 
or loss of concessions or the outsourcing or insourcing of business activities; 
or 
(d) 
changes in law or regulation with an impact on the SLB Reporting Group’s 
Scope 1 and 2 Emissions, as determined in good faith by the Issuer, 
(the date of occurrence of each of the above, the “KPI 1 Recalculation Date”), 
provided that, in respect of sub-paragraphs (a), (b) and (c) above, (i) the Issuer has 
confirmed in the SLB Progress Report immediately following the relevant KPI 1 
Recalculation Date that in its opinion, the relevant recalculation or redetermination of 
the Relevant Value is not materially prejudicial to the interests of the holders of the 
Notes and (ii) an Assurance Provider appointed by the Issuer reviews any 
recalculation or redetermination of the Relevant Value and confirms that (1) it is 
consistent with the Issuer’s sustainability strategy and (2) it is in line with the initial 
level of ambition of, or more ambitious than, the original Relevant Value. 
As of the relevant KPI 1 Recalculation Date, the updated Relevant Value shall replace 
the original Relevant Value and any reference to the Relevant Value in these 
Conditions thereafter shall be deemed to be a reference to the updated Relevant 
Value, it being understood that in the absence of such confirmation by an Assurance 
Provider the original Relevant Value shall continue to apply. By subscribing or 
purchasing the Notes, a Noteholder shall be deemed to have consented, for itself and 
any and all successors or assigns, and to have irrevocably authorised the Issuer to 
make any such recalculation or redetermination without the prior consent or 
consultation of the Noteholders. 
“KPI 2 Condition” means the condition that: 
(a) 
the Issuer complies with the applicable Reporting Requirements in respect of 
any Reference Year by no later than the relevant Notification Deadline; and 
(b) 
no (A) Abertis KPI Event, (B) AdR Scope 3 Emissions Event, or (C) ACA 
Accreditation Level Event has occurred in respect of any Reference Year, 
and if the requirements of paragraph(s) (a) and/or (b) above are not met by the 
relevant Notification Deadline in any Reference Year, the Issuer shall be deemed to 
have failed to satisfy the KPI 2 Condition in respect of such Reference Year. 
“KPI 2 Event” occurs if the Issuer fails to satisfy the KPI 2 Condition. 
“KPI 2 Recalculation Event” means an Abertis Recalculation Event or an AdR 
Recalculation Event and the date of occurrence of each such event, a “KPI 2 
Recalculation Date”, 
provided that no KPI 2 Recalculation Event shall occur unless the Issuer has 
confirmed in the SLB Progress Report immediately following the relevant KPI 2 
Recalculation Date that in its opinion, the relevant recalculation or redetermination is 
not materially prejudicial to the interests of the holders of the Notes and (ii) an 
Assurance Provider appointed by the Issuer reviews any recalculation or 
redetermination and confirms in an Assurance Report that (1) it is consistent with the 
Issuer’s sustainability strategy and (2) it is in line with the initial level of ambition. 
By subscribing or purchasing the Notes, a Noteholder shall be deemed to have 
consented, for itself and any and all successors or assigns, and to have irrevocably 
authorised the Issuer to make any such recalculation or redetermination without the 
prior consent or consultation of the Noteholders.

--- Page 130 ---
121 
 
 
 
 
“Notification Deadline” means the deadline or deadlines specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as being the relevant Notification Deadline.  
“Reference Year” means the calendar year(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as being the Reference Year(s). 
“Reporting Requirements” means in respect of each Reporting Year, the 
requirement that the Issuer publishes on its website:  
(a) 
(i) the then current Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Baseline, Scope 1 and 2 
Emissions Amount, Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Percentage and Scope 1 and 2 
Emissions Percentage Threshold, as well as in each case, the relevant 
calculation methodology (including any recalculation or redetermination as a 
result of a KPI 1 Recalculation Event); (ii) the then current Abertis Scope 3 
Emissions Baseline, Abertis Scope 3 Emissions Ratio, Abertis Scope 3 
Emissions Percentage, Abertis Scope 3 Emissions Percentage Threshold, 
EVCP Baseline, Number of EVCPs, EVCP Increase and EVCP Increase 
Threshold (as such terms are defined in section 1 of the Annex to the 
Conditions) as well as in each case, the relevant calculation methodology 
(including any recalculation or redetermination) in accordance with section 1 
of the Annex to the Conditions; and (iii) the then current AdR Scope 3 
Emissions Baseline, AdR Scope 3 Emissions Amount, AdR Scope 3 
Redetermined Emissions Amount (if any), AdR Scope 3 Emissions 
Redetermination Amount (if any), AdR Scope 3 Emissions Percentage, AdR 
Scope 3 Emissions Percentage Threshold and ACA Accreditation Level (as 
such terms are defined in section 2 of the Annex to the Conditions) , as well 
as in each case, the relevant calculation methodology (including any 
recalculation or redetermination) in accordance with section 2 of the Annex 
to the Conditions, which may be included in the annual report or non-
financial statements of the Issuer (the “SLB Progress Report”). Information 
required to be included under items (a)(ii) and (a)(iii) above may be provided 
in the SLB Progress Report through hyperlinks to information published by 
Abertis and AdR, as applicable; and 
(b) 
a limited assurance report issued by the Assurance Provider (an “Assurance 
Report” (which definition shall also include limited assurance reports issued 
by an Abertis Assurance Provider or an AdR Assurance Provider)) in respect 
of (i) the then current Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Amount and Scope 1 and 2 
Emissions Percentage specified in the relevant SLB Progress Report, as the 
case may be (including any recalculation or redetermination thereof as a 
result of a KPI 1 Recalculation Event); (ii) the then current Abertis Scope 3 
Emissions Ratio, Abertis Scope 3 Emissions Percentage, Number of EVCPs 
and EVCP Increase (as such terms are defined in section 1 of the Annex to 
the Conditions) specified in the relevant SLB Progress Report, including any 
recalculation or redetermination thereof in accordance with section 1 of the 
Annex to the Conditions; and (iii) the then current ACA Accreditation Level, 
AdR Scope 3 Emissions Amount, AdR Scope 3 Redetermined Emissions 
Amount (if any), AdR Scope 3 Emissions Redetermination Amount (if any) 
and AdR Scope 3 Emissions Percentage (as such terms are defined in section 
2 of the Annex to the Conditions) specified in the relevant SLB Progress 
Report, including any recalculation or redetermination thereof in accordance 
with section 2 of the Annex to the Conditions, provided that the Assurance 
Report may not be required in respect of the information set out in items 
(b)(ii) and (b)(iii) above if: (A) with respect to the same Reporting Year, 
Abertis and/or AdR, as applicable, have published an assurance report 
(delivered by an assurance provider which satisfies the definition of 
“Assurance Provider” above as it, as appropriate, Abertis or AdR were

--- Page 131 ---
122 
 
 
 
 
substituted for the “Issuer” in such definition (respectively, an “Abertis 
Assurance Provider” and an “AdR Assurance Provider”)) in respect of the 
information set out under items (b)(ii) and (b)(iii) above; and (B) the SLB 
Progress Report in respect of such Reporting Year includes an hyperlink to 
such assurance report(s) referred to in item (A) above. 
In order to comply with the KPI 1 Condition and the KPI 2 Condition (subject as set 
out in the definition of “ACA Accreditation Level Condition” in Section 2 of the 
Annex to the Conditions), the SLB Progress Report and the Assurance Report in 
respect of any Reference Year will be published no later than the relevant 
Notification Deadline. 
“Reporting Year” means, for any Series of Step Up Notes, each calendar year, 
commencing with the calendar year in which such Notes are issued, up to and 
including the latest Reference Year for such Notes. 
“Scope 1 and 2 Emissions” means, collectively: 
(a) 
direct greenhouse gas emissions from sources owned or controlled by the 
SLB Reporting Group (“Scope 1 Emissions”); and 
(b) 
indirect greenhouse gas emissions from the generation of electricity and 
thermal energy purchased or otherwise acquired by the SLB Reporting Group 
calculated using the market-based approach (“Scope 2 Emissions”), 
in each case, in accordance with and subject to the definition of such Scope 1 
Emissions and Scope 2 Emissions in the GHG Protocol Standard, provided that the 
Scope 1 and 2 Emissions of the SLB Reporting Group companies operating airport 
infrastructures shall be quantified and calculated in accordance with the ACA Rules. 
For the avoidance of doubt, Scope 1 and 2 Emissions shall be calculated excluding 
any greenhouse gases offsetting transactions. 
“Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Amount” means, in tCO2e, Scope 1 and 2 Emissions 
calculated in good faith by the Issuer in respect of any Reporting Year, assured by the 
Assurance Provider and reported by the Issuer in the relevant SLB Progress Report, 
provided that the Issuer may, acting in good faith, recalculate the Scope 1 and 2 
Emissions Amount in each Reporting Year in accordance with the GHG Protocol 
Standard (where applicable) to reflect the occurrence of a KPI 1 Recalculation Event. 
“Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Baseline” means 245,128 tCO2e, being the sum of Scope 
1 and 2 Emissions of the SLB Reporting Group during the calendar year commencing 
on 1 January 2019 and ending on 31 December 2019, provided that the Issuer may, 
acting in good faith, recalculate the Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Baseline in accordance 
with the GHG Protocol Standard (where applicable) to reflect the occurrence of a KPI 
1 Recalculation Event. 
“Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Percentage” means, in respect of any Reporting Year, the 
percentage by which the Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Amount for such Reporting Year is 
reduced in comparison to the then current Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Baseline, as 
calculated in good faith by the Issuer, assured by the Assurance Provider and reported 
by the Issuer in the relevant SLB Progress Report. 
“Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Percentage Threshold” means the threshold (expressed 
in integral numbers) specified in the relevant Final Terms as being the Scope 1 and 2 
Emissions Percentage Threshold in respect of the relevant Reference Year(s) or, if 
applicable, from the Threshold Increase Effective Date specified in a Threshold 
Increase Notice, such higher threshold as specified in such Threshold Increase Notice, 
provided that the Issuer may, acting in good faith, recalculate the Scope 1 and 2 
Emissions Percentage Threshold (including such higher threshold) in accordance with

--- Page 132 ---
123 
 
 
 
 
the GHG Protocol Standard (where applicable) to reflect the occurrence of a KPI 1 
Recalculation Event. 
“SLB Reporting Group” means, in respect of any Reporting Year (including the 
Reference Year), the Issuer and the Subsidiaries of the Issuer included in the scope of 
non-financial information published by the Issuer in respect of the year ended on 31 
December 2019, excluding (i) toll road concessions expired in the years ended 31 
December 2019, 2020 and 2021, (ii) Autostrade per l’Italia S.p.A. and its 
subsidiaries; and (iii) certain operations linked to mobility services. For the avoidance 
of doubt, any entity that has become or will become a Subsidiary of the Issuer on or 
after 1 January 2020 shall not be included in the SLB Reporting Group and no KPI 1 
Recalculation Event shall occur in respect thereof. 
“Step Up Date” means, following the occurrence of a Step Up Event, the first day of 
the next following Interest Period. 
“Step Up Event” means a KPI 1 Event and/or a KPI 2 Event, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, and, each such event, the “relevant Step Up Event”. 
“Step Up Margin” means the amount specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
being the Step Up Margin and, each such margin, the “relevant Step Up Margin”. 
“tCO2e” means tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent. 
6. 
Redemption, Purchase and Options 
(a) 
Redemption Amount 
The Notes are obbligazioni pursuant to Article 2410, et seq. of the Italian Civil Code and, 
accordingly, the Redemption Amount of each Note shall not be less than its nominal amount.  
For the purposes of this Condition 6(a), “Redemption Amount” means, as the case may be, 
the “Final Redemption Amount”, the “Early Redemption Amount” or the “Optional 
Redemption Amount”. 
(b) 
Final Redemption 
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided below, each Note shall be 
finally redeemed on the Maturity Date specified in the applicable Final Terms (the “Maturity 
Date”) at its Final Redemption Amount (which, unless otherwise provided in the applicable 
Final Terms, is its nominal amount) (the “Final Redemption Amount”). 
(c) 
Early Redemption 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of the Notes (the “Early Redemption 
Amount”) shall be determined as follows. 
(i) 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
(A) 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note 
upon redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 6(d) or upon it 
becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 10 shall be the 
Amortised Face Amount (calculated as provided below) of such Note unless 
otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(B) 
Subject to the provisions of sub-paragraph (C) below, the Amortised Face 
Amount of any such Note shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount 
of such Note on the Maturity Date discounted at a rate per annum (expressed 
as a percentage) equal to the Amortisation Yield (which, if none is shown in 
the applicable Final Terms, shall be such rate as would produce an Amortised

--- Page 133 ---
124 
 
 
 
 
Face Amount equal to the issue price of the Notes if they were discounted 
back to their issue price on the Issue Date) compounded annually. 
(C) 
If the Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any such Note upon its 
redemption pursuant to Condition 6(d) or upon it becoming due and payable 
as provided in Condition 10 is not paid when due, the Early Redemption 
Amount due and payable in respect of such Note shall be the Amortised Face 
Amount of such Note as defined in sub-paragraph (B) above, except that such 
sub-paragraph shall have effect as though the date on which the Note 
becomes due and payable were the Relevant Date.  The calculation of the 
Amortised Face Amount in accordance with this sub-paragraph shall continue 
to be made (as well after as before judgment) until the Relevant Date, unless 
the Relevant Date falls on or after the Maturity Date, in which case the 
amount due and payable shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount of 
such Note on the Maturity Date together with any interest that may accrue in 
accordance with Condition 5(c). 
Where such calculation is to be a made for a period of less than one year, it shall be 
made on the basis of the Day Count Fraction shown in the applicable Final Terms. 
(ii) 
Other Notes: 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Note (other than Notes 
described in (i) above), upon redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 6(d) or 
upon it becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 10, shall be the Final 
Redemption Amount unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(d) 
Redemption for Taxation Reasons 
The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, on any 
Interest Payment Date or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, at any time, on giving 
not less than thirty (30) nor more than sixty (60) days’ notice to the Trustee and the 
Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable and specify the date fixed for redemption) at 
their Early Redemption Amount (as described in Condition 6(c) above) (together with interest 
accrued to the date fixed for redemption), if (i) the Issuer satisfies the Trustee immediately 
before the giving of such notice that it has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts 
as described under Condition 8 as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or 
regulations of a Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction (as defined in Condition 8), or any change in the 
application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change or amendment 
becomes effective on or after the Issue Date (or the date that any successor to the Issuer 
assumes the obligations of the Issuer hereunder), and (ii) such obligation cannot be avoided 
by the Issuer taking commercially reasonable measures available to it, provided that no such 
notice of redemption shall be given earlier than ninety (90) days prior to the earliest date on 
which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts were a payment in respect 
of the Notes then due.  Before the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this 
paragraph, the Issuer shall deliver to the Trustee:  (a) a certificate signed by two authorised 
signatories of the Issuer stating that the obligation referred to in (i) above cannot be avoided 
by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it; and (b) an opinion of independent 
legal advisers of recognised standing to the effect that the Issuer has or will become obliged to 
pay such additional amounts as a result of the change or amendment and the Trustee shall be 
entitled to accept, without enquiry or liability, the certificate as sufficient evidence of the 
satisfaction of the condition precedent set out in (ii) above in which event it shall be 
conclusive and binding on all Noteholders and Couponholders.

--- Page 134 ---
125 
 
 
 
 
(e) 
Redemption at the Option of Noteholders on the Occurrence of a Material Asset Sale Put 
Event 
If at any time while any of the Notes remain outstanding (as defined in the Trust Deed), (i) a 
Material Asset Sale occurs and (ii) within the Material Asset Sale Period a Rating Downgrade 
in respect of that Material Asset Sale occurs (a “Material Asset Sale Put Event”), then the 
holder of each Note will have the option (the “Material Asset Sale Put Option”) (unless, 
prior to the giving of the Material Asset Sale Put Event Notice (as defined below), the Issuer 
gives not more than 60 nor less than 30 days’ prior notice to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 17 of its intention to redeem the Notes pursuant to Condition 6(d), 6(f) (if 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as applicable), Condition 6(g) (if specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as applicable) or Condition 6(h) (if specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as applicable) (which notice shall be irrevocable)) to require the Issuer to redeem or, at the 
Issuer’s option, to procure the purchase of that Note on the Material Asset Sale Put Date (as 
defined below) at its principal amount together with accrued interest up to but excluding the 
Material Asset Sale Put Date. 
For the purpose of these Conditions: 
“Control” in respect of any entity, means: 
(i) 
the (direct or indirect) holding or acquisition by any person or persons acting in 
concert or any person or persons acting on behalf of any such person(s) (the 
“Relevant Person(s)”) of (A) more than 50 per cent. of the issued share capital of 
such entity; or (B) a number of shares in the share capital of such entity carrying more 
than 50 per cent. of the voting rights normally exercisable at a general meeting of 
such entity; or (C) a number of shares in the share capital of such entity carrying at 
least 40 per cent. of the voting rights normally exercisable at a general meeting of 
such entity and no other shareholder of such entity, directly or indirectly, acting alone 
or in concert with others, holds a number of shares carrying a percentage of the voting 
rights normally exercisable in such general meetings which is higher than the 
percentage of voting rights attached to the number of shares held by such Relevant 
Person(s); or 
whether by the ownership of share capital or the possession of voting power, contract 
or otherwise the ability, directly or indirectly, of any Relevant Person(s) to appoint or 
dismiss all or the majority of the members of the Board of Directors or other 
governing or supervisory body of such entity. 
“Formal Material Asset Sale Announcement” means the first of any formal public 
announcements of the occurrence of the relevant Material Asset Sale in respect of the Issuer. 
a “Material Asset Sale” shall be deemed to have occurred if, at any time following the Issue 
Date of the Notes, the Issuer sells, transfers or otherwise disposes of all or some of the shares 
of a Principal Subsidiary, with the result that the Issuer ceases to have Control over such 
Principal Subsidiary. 
“Material Asset Sale Period” means the period commencing on the date of the Formal 
Material Asset Sale Announcement and ending 90 days thereafter, or such longer period for 
which the Notes are under consideration by the relevant Rating Agency or Agencies for rating 
review (such consideration having been announced publicly within the period ending 90 days 
after the Formal Material Asset Sale Announcement), such period not to exceed 60 days 
following the public announcement of such consideration. 
“Rating Agency” means Standard & Poor’s Credit Market Services Europe Limited, 
Moody’s Investors España, S.A. and/or Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited, Sede Secondaria 
Italiana and their respective successors or affiliates and/or any other rating agency of 
equivalent international standing specified from time to time by the Issuer which has a current 
rating of the Notes at any relevant time.

--- Page 135 ---
126 
 
 
 
 
A “Rating Downgrade” shall be deemed to have occurred in respect of a Material Asset Sale 
if within the Material Asset Sale Period the rating previously assigned to any of the Notes by 
any Rating Agency (where at the relevant time the Notes are rated by one or two Rating 
Agencies) or any two Rating Agencies (where at the relevant time the Notes are rated by three 
or more Rating Agencies) is (i) withdrawn or (ii) changed from an investment grade rating 
(BBB-/Baa3, or their respective equivalents for the time being, or better) to a non-investment 
grade rating (BB+/Ba1, or their respective equivalents for the time being, or worse) and is not 
(in the case of a downgrade) subsequently upgraded to an investment grade rating within such 
Material Asset Sale Period by such Rating Agency or Agencies or (iii) if the rating previously 
assigned to any of the Notes by any Rating Agency (where at the relevant time the Notes are 
rated by one or two Rating Agencies) or any two Rating Agencies (where at the relevant time 
the Notes are rated by three or more Rating Agencies) was below an investment grade rating 
(as described above), lowered at least one full rating notch (for example, from BB+/Ba1 to 
BB/Ba2 or their respective equivalents) and is not subsequently upgraded to its earlier credit 
rating or better by such Rating Agency or Agencies, provided that a Rating Downgrade 
otherwise arising by virtue of a particular change in rating shall be deemed not to have 
occurred in respect of a particular Material Asset Sale in respect of the Notes if the Rating 
Agency or Rating Agencies making the change in rating does not publicly announce or 
publicly confirm that the reduction was the result, in whole or part, of any event or 
circumstance comprised in or arising as a result of, or in respect of, such Material Asset Sale. 
Promptly upon the Issuer becoming aware that a Material Asset Sale Put Event has occurred, 
the Issuer shall give notice (a “Material Asset Sale Put Event Notice”) to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 17 (which notice shall be irrevocable) specifying the nature of the 
Material Asset Sale Put Event and the circumstances giving rise to it and the procedure for 
exercising the Material Asset Sale Put Option contained in this Condition 6(e)). 
To exercise the option to require the Issuer to redeem a Note under this Condition 6(e), the 
Noteholder must deliver such Note at the specified office of any Paying Agent, on any day 
which is a day on which banks are open for business in London and in the place of the 
specified office falling within the period (the “Material Asset Sale Put Period”) of 45 days 
after the date on which a Material Asset Sale Put Event Notice is given, accompanied by a 
duly signed and completed exercise notice in the form available from each office of the 
Paying Agents (the “Exercise Notice”).  The Note must be delivered to the Paying Agent 
together with all Coupons, if any, appertaining thereto maturing after the date (the “Material 
Asset Sale Put Date”) being the seventh day after the date of expiry of the Material Asset 
Sale Put Period, failing which deduction in respect of such missing unmatured Coupons shall 
be made in accordance with Condition 7(e).  The Paying Agent to which such Note and 
Exercise Notice are delivered will issue to the Noteholder concerned a non-transferable 
receipt (a “Material Asset Sale Put Option Receipt”) in respect of the Note so delivered.  
Payment by the Issuer in respect of any Note so delivered shall be made, if the holder duly 
specified in the Exercise Notice a bank account to which payment is to be made, by transfer to 
that bank account on the Material Asset Sale Put Date, and in every other case, on or after the 
Material Asset Sale Put Date against presentation and surrender of such Material Asset Sale 
Put Option Receipt at the specified office of any Paying Agent.  An Exercise Notice, once 
given, shall be irrevocable.  For the purposes of these Conditions and the Trust Deed, Material 
Asset Sale Put Option Receipts issued pursuant to this Condition 6(e) shall be treated as if 
they were Notes. 
(f) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer and Exercise of Issuer’s Options 
If Call Option (as defined below) is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, 
on giving not less than fifteen (15) nor more than thirty (30) days’ irrevocable notice to the 
Noteholders (or such other notice period as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
and, on giving not less than fifteen (15) days irrevocable notice before the giving of the notice 
to the Noteholders, to the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent and the Trustee and, in the case 
of a redemption of Registered Notes, the Registrar, redeem (“Call Option”), or exercise any

--- Page 136 ---
127 
 
 
 
 
Issuer’s option (as may be described in the applicable Final Terms) in relation to, all or, if so 
provided in such notice, part of the Notes on any Optional Redemption Date or Option 
Exercise Date, as the case may be, each as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  Any such 
redemption of Notes shall be at their Optional Redemption Amount specified in the applicable 
Final Terms together with interest accrued and unpaid to the date fixed for redemption.  Any 
such partial redemption or partial exercise must relate to Notes of a nominal amount at least 
equal to the minimum nominal amount to be redeemed specified in the applicable Final Terms 
and no greater than the maximum nominal amount to be redeemed specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this Condition 6(f) only, the Optional Redemption Amount will either be 
the specified percentage of the nominal amount of the Notes stated in the applicable Final 
Terms or, if Make-Whole Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms, will be an 
amount which is the higher of: 
(a) 
100 per cent. of the principal amount of the Note to be redeemed; or 
(b) 
as determined by any of the Reference Dealers (as defined below), the sum of the 
then current values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest to 
maturity (or, if Par Call Period is specified in the applicable Final Terms, to the Par 
Call Period Commencement Date) (not including any interest accrued on the Notes 
to, but excluding, the Optional Redemption Date) discounted to the Optional 
Redemption Date on an annual basis (based on the actual number of days elapsed 
divided by 365 or (in the case of a leap year) by 366) at the Reference Bond Rate (as 
defined below) plus the Redemption Margin, 
provided that, in respect of a redemption of Step Up Notes and the calculation of the sum of 
the then current values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest to 
maturity (or, if Par Call Period is specified in the applicable Final Terms, to the Par Call 
Period Commencement Date), the Rate of Interest, in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are 
Step Up Notes, or the Margin, in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are Step Up Notes 
shall be deemed to have increased by the relevant Step Up Margin (from the date that would 
have been the Step Up Date had a redemption of the Notes not occurred) unless the KPI 1 
Condition and/or the KPI 2 Condition, as applicable, have been satisfied prior to the date on 
which the Issuer gives notice to the Noteholders of a redemption in accordance with this 
Condition 6(f). 
As used in this Condition 6(f): 
“Par Call Period” has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Par Call Period Commencement Date” has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
“Redemption Margin” shall be as set out in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Reference Bond” shall be as set out in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Reference Dealers” shall be as set out in the applicable Final Terms or any international 
credit institution or financial services institution or any other competent entity of recognised 
standing with appropriate expertise to be appointed by the Issuer; and 
“Reference Bond Rate” means with respect to any of the Reference Dealers and the Optional 
Redemption Date, the average of the five quotations of the mid-market annual yield to 
maturity of the Reference Bond or, if the Reference Bond is no longer outstanding, a similar 
security in the reasonable judgement of any of the Reference Dealers at 11.00 a.m. London 
time on the third business day in London preceding the Optional Redemption Date quoted in 
writing to the Issuer by any of the Reference Dealers.

--- Page 137 ---
128 
 
 
 
 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given under this Condition 6(f) shall be 
redeemed, or the Issuer’s option shall be exercised, on the date specified in such notice in 
accordance with this Condition 6(f). 
Unless the Issuer defaults in payment of the redemption price, from and including any 
Optional Redemption Date interest will cease to accrue on the Notes called for redemption 
pursuant to this Condition 6(f). 
(g) 
Clean-Up Call Option 
If the Clean-up Call Option (defined herein) is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable, in the event that at least 80 per cent. of the initial aggregate principal amount of 
the Notes has been purchased and cancelled by the Issuer, the Issuer may, at its option (the 
“Clean-Up Call Option”) but subject to having given not less than thirty (30) nor more than 
sixty (60) days’ notice to the Noteholders, redeem all, but not some only, of the outstanding 
Notes.  Any such redemption of Notes shall be at their Optional Redemption Amount (as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) together with interest accrued and unpaid to the date 
fixed for redemption. 
(h) 
Issuer Maturity Par Call Option 
If the Issuer Maturity par Call Option (as defined herein) is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable, the Issuer may, at any time during the Par Call Period 
commencing on the Par Call Period Commencement Date, at its option (“Issuer Maturity 
par Call Option”), but subject to having given not less than thirty (30) nor more than sixty 
(60) days’ notice to the Noteholders, redeem all, but not some only, of the outstanding Notes.  
Any such redemption of Notes shall be at their Optional Redemption Amount (as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms) together with interest accrued and unpaid to the date fixed for 
redemption. 
As used in this Condition 6(h): 
“Par Call Period” has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Par Call Period Commencement Date” shall be as set out in the applicable Final Terms; 
(i) 
Redemption at the Option of Noteholders and Exercise of Noteholders’ Options 
If Put Option (as defined below) is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer shall, at 
the option of the holder of any such Note, upon the holder of such Note giving not less than 
fifteen (15) nor more than thirty (30) days’ notice to the Issuer (or such other notice period as 
may be specified in the applicable Final Terms) redeem such Note on the Optional 
Redemption Date(s) at its Optional Redemption Amount (each as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms) together with interest accrued and unpaid to the date fixed for redemption (“Put 
Option”). 
To exercise such option or any other Noteholders’ option that may be set out in the applicable 
Final Terms (which must be exercised on an Option Exercise Date, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) the holder must deposit (in the case of Bearer Notes) such Note 
(together with all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons) with any Paying Agent or (in 
the case of Registered Notes) the Certificate representing such Note(s) with the Registrar or 
any Transfer Agent at its specified office, together with a duly completed option exercise 
notice (“Exercise Notice”) in the form obtainable from any Paying Agent, the Registrar or 
any Transfer Agent (as applicable) within the notice period.  No Note or Certificate so 
deposited and option exercised may be withdrawn (except as provided in the Agency 
Agreement) without the prior consent of the Issuer.

--- Page 138 ---
129 
 
 
 
 
(j) 
Notice of Early or Optional Redemption 
The Issuer will publish a notice of any early redemption or optional redemption of the Notes 
described above in accordance with Condition 17, and, if the Notes are listed at such time on 
Euronext Dublin, the Issuer will publish such notice on the website of Euronext Dublin, 
which at the date hereof is https://live.euronext.com/. 
(k) 
Purchases 
The Issuer and any of its Subsidiaries may at any time purchase Notes (provided that all 
unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons relating thereto are attached thereto or 
surrendered therewith) in the open market or otherwise at any price.  Such Notes may be held, 
reissued, resold or, at the option of the Issuer, surrendered to any Paying Agent for 
cancellation. 
(l) 
Cancellation 
All Notes purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries may be 
surrendered for cancellation, in the case of Bearer Notes, by surrendering each such Note 
together with all unmatured Coupons and all unexchanged Talons to the Issuing and Principal 
Paying Agent and, in the case of Registered Notes, by surrendering the Certificate 
representing such Notes to the Registrar and, in each case, if so surrendered, shall, together 
with all Notes redeemed by the Issuer, be cancelled forthwith (together with all unmatured 
Coupons and unexchanged Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith).  Any Notes so 
surrendered for cancellation may not be reissued or resold and the obligations of the Obligors 
in respect of any such Notes shall be discharged.  Any Notes not so surrendered for 
cancellation may be reissued or resold. 
(m) 
Partial Redemption 
In the case of a partial redemption or a partial exercise of an Issuer’s option under these 
Conditions, the relevant notice to Noteholders shall also contain the certificate numbers of the 
Bearer Notes, or in the case of Registered Notes, shall specify the nominal amount of 
Registered Notes drawn and the holder(s) of such Registered Notes, to be redeemed or in 
respect of which such option has been exercised, which shall have been drawn in such place 
as the Trustee may approve and in such manner as it deems appropriate, subject to compliance 
with any applicable laws and stock exchange or other relevant authority requirements.  So 
long as the Notes are listed on Euronext Dublin or any other stock exchange and the rules of 
the relevant stock exchange so require, the Issuer shall, once in each year in which there has 
been a partial redemption of the Notes, cause to be published on Euronext Dublin, which at 
the date hereof is https://live.euronext.com/, or in a leading newspaper of general circulation 
as specified by such other stock exchange, a notice specifying the aggregate nominal amount 
of Notes outstanding and a list of the Notes drawn for redemption but not surrendered. 
7. 
Payments and Talons 
(a) 
Bearer Notes 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of Bearer Notes shall, subject as mentioned 
below, be made against presentation and surrender of the relevant Notes (in the case of all 
other payments of principal and, in the case of interest, as specified in Condition 7(e)(v)) or 
Coupons (in the case of interest, save as specified in Condition 7(e)(ii)), as the case may be, at 
the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States by a cheque payable in the 
relevant currency drawn on, or, at the option of the holder, by transfer to an account 
denominated in such currency with, a Bank. “Bank” means a bank in the principal financial 
centre for such currency or, in the case of euro, in a city in which banks have access to the T2 
System.

--- Page 139 ---
130 
 
 
 
 
(b) 
Registered Notes 
(i) 
Payments of principal in respect of Registered Notes shall be paid to the person 
shown on the Register at the close of business (in the relevant clearing system) on the 
day prior to the due date for payment thereof (the “Record Date”) and made against 
presentation and surrender of the relevant Certificates at the specified office of any of 
the Transfer Agents or of the Registrar and in the manner provided in 
paragraph (ii) below. 
(ii) 
Interest on Registered Notes shall be paid to the person shown on the Register at the 
close of business on the Record Date.  Payments of interest on each Registered Note 
shall be made in the relevant currency by cheque drawn on a Bank and mailed to the 
holder (or to the first named of joint holders) of such Note at its address appearing in 
the Register.  Upon application by the holder to the specified office of the Registrar or 
any Transfer Agent before the Record Date, such payment of interest may be made by 
transfer to an account in the relevant currency maintained by the payee with a Bank. 
(c) 
Payments subject to Fiscal Laws 
All payments in respect of the Notes are subject in all cases to any applicable fiscal or other 
laws, regulations and directives to which the Issuer or its Agents may be subject, but without 
prejudice to the provisions of Condition 8.  No commissions or expenses shall be charged to 
the Noteholders or Couponholders in respect of such payments. 
(d) 
Appointment of Agents 
The Issuing and Principal Paying Agent, the Paying Agents, the Registrar, the Transfer 
Agents and the Calculation Agent initially appointed by the Issuer and their respective 
specified offices are listed below.  The Issuing and Principal Paying Agent, the Paying 
Agents, the Registrar, the Transfer Agents and (subject to the provisions of the Agency 
Agreement) the Calculation Agent act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume any 
obligation or relationship of agency or trust for or with any Noteholder or Couponholder.  The 
Issuer reserves the right at any time with the approval of the Trustee to vary or terminate the 
appointment of the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent, any other Paying Agent, the 
Registrar, any Transfer Agent or the Calculation Agent(s) and to appoint additional or other 
Paying Agents or Transfer Agents, provided that the Issuer shall at all times maintain (i) an 
Issuing and Principal Paying Agent, (ii) a Registrar in relation to Registered Notes, (iii) a 
Transfer Agent in relation to Registered Notes, (iv) one or more Calculation Agent(s) where 
the Conditions so require, (v) Paying Agents having specified offices in at least two major 
European cities so long as the Notes are listed on Euronext Dublin and (vi) such other agents 
as may be required by any other stock exchange on which the Notes may be listed in each 
case, as approved by the Trustee. 
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office shall promptly be given to 
the Noteholders. 
(e) 
Unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons 
(i) 
Unless the Notes provide that the relative Coupons are to become void upon the due 
date for redemption of those Notes, Bearer Notes should be surrendered for payment 
together with all unmatured Coupons (if any) relating thereto, failing which an 
amount equal to the face value of each missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of 
payment not being made in full, that proportion of the amount of such missing 
unmatured Coupon that the sum of principal so paid bears to the total principal due) 
shall be deducted from the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or 
Optional Redemption Amount, as the case may be, due for payment.  Any amount so 
deducted shall be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of such 
missing Coupon within a period of ten (10) years from the Relevant Date for the

--- Page 140 ---
131 
 
 
 
 
payment of such principal (whether or not such Coupon has become void pursuant to 
Condition 9). 
(ii) 
If the Notes so provide, upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Note, 
unmatured Coupons relating to such Note (whether or not attached) shall become 
void and no payment shall be made in respect of them. 
(iii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Note, any unexchanged Talon 
relating to such Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no Coupon 
shall be delivered in respect of such Talon. 
(iv) 
Where any Bearer Note that provides that the relative unmatured Coupons are to 
become void upon the due date for redemption of those Notes is presented for 
redemption without all unmatured Coupons, and where any Bearer Note is presented 
for redemption without any unexchanged Talon relating to it, redemption shall be 
made only against the provision of such indemnity as the Issuer may require. 
(v) 
If the due date for redemption of any Note is not a due date for payment of interest, 
interest accrued from the preceding due date for payment of interest or the Interest 
Commencement Date, as the case may be, shall only be payable against presentation 
(and surrender if appropriate) of the relevant Bearer Note or Certificate representing 
it, as the case may be.  Interest accrued on a Note that only bears interest after its 
Maturity Date shall be payable on redemption of such Note against presentation of 
the relevant Note or Certificate representing it, as the case may be. 
(f) 
Talons 
On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a Coupon sheet 
issued in respect of any Bearer Note, the Talon forming part of such Coupon sheet may be 
surrendered at the specified office of the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent in exchange for a 
further Coupon sheet (and if necessary another Talon for a further Coupon sheet) (but 
excluding any Coupons that may have become void pursuant to Condition 9). 
(g) 
Non-Business days 
If any date for payment in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a business day, the holder 
shall not be entitled to payment until the next following business day nor to any interest or 
other sum in respect of such postponed payment.  In this paragraph, “business day” means a 
day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are 
open for business in the relevant place of presentation, in such jurisdictions as shall be 
specified as “Financial Centres” in the applicable Final Terms and: 
(i) 
(in the case of a payment in a currency other than euro) where payment is to be made 
by transfer to an account maintained with a bank in the relevant currency, on which 
foreign exchange transactions may be carried on in the relevant currency in the 
principal financial centre of the country of such currency; or 
(ii) 
(in the case of a payment in euro) which is a TARGET Business Day. 
8. 
Taxation 
All payments of principal and interest by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the Notes and the 
Coupons shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, any taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or 
assessed by or within either Italy (or any jurisdiction of incorporation of any successor of the Issuer) 
or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax (each a “Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction”), 
unless such withholding or deduction is required by law.  In that event, the Issuer shall pay such 
additional amounts as shall result in receipt by the Noteholders and Couponholders of such amounts

--- Page 141 ---
132 
 
 
 
 
as would have been received by them had no such withholding or deduction been required, except that 
no such additional amounts shall be payable in respect of any Note or Coupon presented for payment: 
(a) 
by or on behalf of a Noteholder or Couponholder who: 
(i) 
would have been entitled to avoid such deduction or withholding by making a 
declaration of non-residence or other similar claim for exemption and did not do so 
within the prescribed time period and/or in the prescribed manner; or 
(ii) 
is liable to such taxes or duties, assessments or governmental charges in respect of 
such Notes or Coupons by reason of his having some connection with a Relevant 
Taxing Jurisdiction, other than the mere holding of the Note or Coupon; or 
(b) 
more than thirty (30) days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that the holder thereof 
would have been entitled to such additional amount on presenting the same for payment on 
such thirtieth day; or 
(c) 
in relation to any payment or deduction on account of imposta sostitutiva pursuant to Italian 
Legislative Decree No. 239 of 1 April 1996, as amended from time to time, and related 
regulations which have been or may be enacted. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of these Conditions, any amounts to be paid on the Notes by or 
on behalf of the Issuer will be paid net of any deduction or withholding imposed or required pursuant 
to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended 
(the “Code”), or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code (or any 
regulations thereunder or official interpretations thereof) or an intergovernmental agreement between 
the United States and another jurisdiction facilitating the implementation thereof (or any fiscal or 
regulatory legislation, rules or practices implementing such an intergovernmental agreement) (any 
such withholding or deduction, a “FATCA Withholding”).  Neither the Issuer nor any Agent nor any 
other person will be required or obliged to pay any additional amounts in respect of FATCA 
Withholding. 
As used in these Conditions, “Relevant Date” in respect of any Note (or relative Certificate) or 
Coupon means the date on which payment in respect of it first becomes due or (if any amount of the 
money payable is improperly withheld or refused) the date on which payment in full of the amount 
outstanding is made or (if earlier) the date seven days after that on which notice is duly given to the 
Noteholders that, upon further presentation of the Note (or relative Certificate or Coupon being made 
in accordance with the Conditions), such payment will be made, provided that payment is in fact 
made upon such presentation.  References in these Conditions to (i) “principal” shall be deemed to 
include any premium payable in respect of the Notes, Final Redemption Amounts, Early Redemption 
Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts, Amortised Face Amounts and all other amounts in the 
nature of principal payable pursuant to Condition 6 or any amendment or supplement to it, 
(ii) “interest” shall be deemed to include all Interest Amounts and all other amounts payable pursuant 
to Condition 5 or any amendment or supplement to it and (iii) “principal” and/or “interest” shall be 
deemed to include any additional amounts that may be payable under this Condition or any 
undertaking given in addition to or in substitution for it under the Trust Deed. 
9. 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Notes and Coupons (which, for this purpose, 
shall not include Talons) shall be prescribed and become void unless made within ten (10) years (in 
the case of principal) or five (5) years (in the case of interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date in 
respect of them. 
10. 
Events of Default 
If any of the following events (each an “Event of Default”) occurs and is continuing the Trustee at its 
discretion may, and if so requested by holders of at least one-quarter in nominal amount of the Notes 
then outstanding or if so directed by a Resolution of the Noteholders shall, subject in each case to it

--- Page 142 ---
133 
 
 
 
 
being indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction, give notice to the Issuer that the 
Notes are, and they shall immediately become, due and payable at their principal amount together 
with accrued interest: 
(a) 
Non-Payment 
the Issuer fails to pay the principal or interest on any of the Notes when due and such failure 
continues for a period of five (5) days (in the case of principal) and five (5) days (in the case 
of interest); or 
(b) 
Breach of Other Obligations 
the Issuer does not perform or comply with any one or more of its other obligations under the 
Notes or the Trust Deed which default is incapable of remedy or, if in the opinion of the 
Trustee is capable of remedy, is not in the opinion of the Trustee remedied within sixty 
(60) days after notice of such default shall have been given to the Issuer by the Trustee; or 
(c) 
Cross-Default: 
(i) any other present or future Indebtedness (other than Project Finance Indebtedness) of the 
Issuer or any Principal Subsidiary becomes due and payable prior to its stated maturity by 
reason of any event of default (howsoever described, excluding any event of default arising as 
a result of a Loss of Concession), or (ii) any such Indebtedness (other than Project Finance 
Indebtedness) is not paid when due or, as the case may be, within any applicable grace period 
(other than as a result of a Loss of Concession), or (iii) the Issuer or any Principal Subsidiary 
fails to pay when due any amount payable by it under any present or future guarantee for, or 
indemnity in respect of, any Indebtedness (other than Project Finance Indebtedness) within 
any applicable grace period (other than as a result of a Loss of Concession), provided that the 
aggregate amount of the relevant Indebtedness, guarantees and indemnities in respect of 
which one or more of the events mentioned above in this paragraph (c) have occurred equals 
or exceeds Euro one hundred million (€100,000,000) in aggregate principal amount or its 
equivalent (as reasonably determined by an investment bank of international repute 
nominated or approved by the Trustee on the basis of the middle spot rate for the relevant 
currency against the euro as quoted by any leading bank on the day on which this 
paragraph operates, which determination shall be binding on all parties); or  
(d) 
Enforcement Proceedings: 
a distress, attachment, execution or other legal process is levied, enforced or sued out on or 
against all or a material part of the property, assets or revenues of the Issuer (other than in 
relation to property, assets, receivables or revenues securing Project Finance Indebtedness) 
and is not discharged or stayed within one hundred and eighty (180) days; or  
(e) 
Unsatisfied judgment: 
one or more judgment(s) or order(s) (in each case being a judgment or order from which no 
further appeal or judicial review is permissible under applicable law) for the payment of any 
amount in excess of Euro one hundred million (€100,000,000) or its equivalent (as reasonably 
determined by an investment bank of international repute nominated or approved by the 
Trustee) (on the basis of the middle spot rate for the relevant currency against the euro as 
quoted by any leading bank on the day on which this paragraph operates), whether 
individually or in aggregate, is rendered against the Issuer (other than with respect to Project 
Finance Indebtedness), becomes enforceable in a jurisdiction where the Issuer is incorporated 
and continue(s) unsatisfied and unstayed for a period of sixty (60) days after the date(s) 
thereof or, if later, the date therein specified for payment; or

--- Page 143 ---
134 
 
 
 
 
(f) 
Security Enforced: 
any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other encumbrance (other than any mortgage, charge, 
pledge, lien or other encumbrance securing Project Finance Indebtedness), present or future, 
created or assumed on or against all or a material part of the property, assets or revenues of 
the Issuer becomes enforceable and any step is taken to enforce it (including the taking of 
possession or the appointment of a receiver, manager or other similar person); or 
(g) 
Insolvency: 
the Issuer being declared insolvent pursuant to Section 5 of the Royal Decree No. 267 of 
1942, as subsequently amended, or, in case the Issuer is not organised in the Republic of Italy, 
being declared unable to pay its debts as they fall due; or 
(h) 
Insolvency Proceedings: 
any corporate action or legal proceedings is taken in relation to: 
(i) 
the several suspension of payments, a moratorium of any indebtedness, winding-up, 
dissolution, administration or reorganisation (by way of voluntary arrangement, 
scheme of arrangement or otherwise) of the Issuer (other than a solvent liquidation or 
pursuant to a Permitted Reorganisation of such persons); or 
(ii) 
a composition, assignment or arrangement with all creditors of the Issuer including 
without limitation concordato preventivo, concordato fallimentare; or 
(iii) 
the bankruptcy, the appointment of a liquidator, receiver, administrator, 
administrative receiver or other similar officer in respect of the Issuer, or any of the 
assets of the Issuer in connection with any insolvency proceedings, including without 
limitation amministrazione straordinaria, amministrazione straordinaria delle grandi 
imprese in stato di insolvenza, liquidazione coatta amministrativa; or 
(iv) 
any analogous procedure is taken in any jurisdiction in respect of the Issuer  
excluding any corporate action or legal proceedings taken as a result of a Loss of Concession 
(as defined below), and provided that any such corporate action or legal proceedings which is 
not initiated, approved or consented to by the Issuer, is not discharged or stayed within one 
hundred and eighty (180) days; or 
(i) 
Change of Business:  Mundys or any successor resulting from a Permitted Reorganisation 
ceases (other than (i) for the purposes of, or pursuant to, a Permitted Reorganisation or (ii) 
where such cessation results from a Loss of Concession) to carry on, directly or indirectly, the 
whole or substantially the whole of its business of owning and operating infrastructure assets 
or businesses reasonably related thereto, incidental thereto or in furtherance thereof; or 
(j) 
Analogous Events: 
any event occurs which under the laws of any relevant jurisdiction has an analogous effect to 
any of the events referred to in sub-paragraphs (d), (e), (f) or (g) above, provided that in the 
case of paragraphs (b), (c), (g) and (h) above, the Trustee shall have certified that in its 
opinion such event is materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders. 
For the avoidance of doubt, neither the failure to comply with any Reporting Requirements, 
nor the occurrence of a Step Up Event will constitute an Event of Default hereunder. 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
“Concession Agreements” means each of the concession agreements entered into between 
the Italian State or any foreign State and the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries (held directly or 
indirectly) (the “Concession Holder”) in relation to the concessions for the operation of 
certain motorways, airports or any other type of infrastructure.

--- Page 144 ---
135 
 
 
 
 
“Indebtedness” means any indebtedness of any person for moneys borrowed or raised. 
“Loss of Concession” means any or all of the Concession Agreements being terminated, 
revoked, suspended, cancelled, amended or invalidated or the relevant concession being 
bought back, where in each case the relevant Concession Holder has a right to receive a 
payment and, until the relevant Concession Holder receives such payment, it continues to 
collect revenues generated pursuant to the relevant Concession Agreement. 
“Permitted Reorganisation” means any reorganisation carried out, without any consent of 
the Noteholders being required in respect thereof, in any one transaction or series of 
transactions, by any of the Issuer and/or one or more Principal Subsidiaries, by means of: 
(a) 
any merger, consolidation, amalgamation or de-merger (whether whole or partial); or 
(b) 
any contribution in kind, conveyance, sale, assignment, transfer, lease of, or any kind 
of disposal of, all or substantially all, of its assets or its going concern; or 
(c) 
any purchase or exchange of its assets or its going concern, whether or not effected 
through a capital increase subscribed and paid up by means of a contribution in kind; 
or 
(d) 
any lease of its assets or its going concern; or  
(e) 
any sale, transfer, lease, exchange or disposal of the whole (in the case of a Principal 
Subsidiary) or a part (in the case of the Issuer or a Principal Subsidiary) of its 
business (whether in the form of property or assets, including any dividends in kind, 
receivables, shares, interest or other equivalents or corporate stock held or otherwise 
owned directly or indirectly by the Issuer or any Principal Subsidiary, as applicable) 
at a value that is confirmed by way of a resolution of the Board of Directors of the 
Issuer or the relevant Principal Subsidiary, as applicable, to be made (or have been 
made) on arm’s length terms, provided that, in each case, following such sale, 
transfer, lease, exchange or disposal, the Group shall carry on the whole or 
substantially the whole of its business of owning and operating infrastructure assets or 
businesses reasonably related thereto, incidental thereto or in furtherance thereof, 
provided however that (i) in any such reorganisation affecting the Issuer, (x) the Issuer shall 
maintain or any successor corporation or corporations shall assume (as the case may be) all 
the obligations under the relevant Notes and the Trust Deed, including the obligation to pay 
any additional amounts under Condition 8, (y) any successor corporation or corporations shall 
have obtained all authorisations therefor and (z) any successor corporation or corporations 
shall benefit from a senior long term debt rating from at least two rating agencies among 
Standard & Poor’s Credit Market Services Europe Limited, Moody’s Investors Service 
España, S.A. and Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited, Sede Secondaria Italiana or their respective 
successors or affiliates and/or any other rating agency of equivalent international standing 
specified from time to time by the Issuer which is equal to or higher than the senior long term 
debt rating of the Notes immediately prior to the Permitted Reorganisation; and (ii) no Event 
of Default shall have occurred or if an Event of Default shall have occurred it shall (if capable 
of remedy) have been cured. 
11. 
Meetings of Noteholders, Modification, Waiver, Threshold Increase and Substitution 
(a) 
Meetings of Noteholders: 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for convening meetings (including by way of a 
conference call using a videoconference platform, to the extent permitted under any law, 
legislation, rule or regulation of Italy and the by-laws of the Issuer in force from time to time) 
of Noteholders to consider matters relating to the Notes, including the modification of any 
provision of these Conditions.  Any such modification may be made if sanctioned by a 
Resolution of the Noteholders.

--- Page 145 ---
136 
 
 
 
 
In relation to the convening of meetings, quorums and the majorities required to pass an 
Resolution, the following provisions shall apply in respect of the Notes but are subject to 
compliance with mandatory laws, legislation, rules and regulations of Italy and the by-laws of 
the Issuer in force from time to time and shall be deemed to be amended, replaced and 
supplemented to the extent that such laws, legislation, rules and regulations and the by-laws 
of the Issuer are amended at any time while the Notes remain outstanding: 
(a) 
a meeting of Noteholders may be convened by the directors of the Issuer, the 
Noteholders’ Representative (as defined below) or the Trustee and such parties shall 
be obliged to do so upon the request in writing of Noteholders holding not less than 
one twentieth of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes.  If they 
default in convening such a meeting following such request or requisition by the 
Noteholders representing not less than one twentieth of the aggregate principal 
amount of the Notes outstanding, the same may be convened by decision of the 
President of the competent court in accordance with Article 2367, paragraph 2 of the 
Italian Civil Code; 
(b) 
a meeting of Noteholders will be validly held if (A) in the case of an initial meeting, 
there are one or more persons being or representing Noteholders holding more than 
one half of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes; or (B) in the case 
of a meeting convened following adjournment of the initial meeting, there are one or 
more persons present being or representing Noteholders holding more than one third 
of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes; and 
(c) 
the majority required to pass a Resolution at any meeting (including any meeting 
convened following adjournment of the previous meeting for want of quorum) will be 
one or more persons being or representing Noteholders holding (A) for voting on any 
matter other than a Reserved Matter, (a) more than one half of the aggregate principal 
amount of the outstanding Notes in the case of an initial meeting, and (a) at least two 
thirds of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes represented at the Meeting in 
the case of a meeting convened following adjournment of the initial meeting; (B) for 
voting on a Reserved Matter at least one half of the aggregate principal amount of the 
outstanding Notes, unless a different majority is required pursuant to Article 2369, 
paragraphs 3 and 6 of the Italian Civil Code and provided, however, that the by-laws 
of the Issuer may from time to time (to the extent permitted under applicable Italian 
law) require a larger majority. 
 (b) 
Noteholders’ Representative: 
A representative of the Noteholders (rappresentante comune) (the “Noteholders’ 
Representative”), subject to applicable provisions of Italian law, may be appointed pursuant 
to Article 2417 of the Italian Civil Code in order to represent the Noteholders’ interests under 
these Conditions and to give effect to resolutions passed at a meeting of the Noteholders.  If 
the Noteholders’ Representative is not appointed by a meeting of such Noteholders, the 
Noteholders’ Representative shall be appointed by a decree of the court where the Issuer has 
its registered office at the request of one or more Noteholders or at the request of the directors 
of the Issuer.  The Noteholders’ Representative shall remain appointed for a maximum period 
of three years but may be reappointed again thereafter and shall have the powers and duties 
set out in Article 2418 of the Italian Civil Code. 
(c) 
Modification and Waiver: 
The Trust Deed contains provisions according to which the Trustee may, without the consent 
of the holders of the Notes, agree:  (i) to any modification of these Conditions, the Agency 
Agreement or the Trust Deed (other than in respect of a Reserved Matter) which is, in the 
opinion of the Trustee, not materially prejudicial to the interests of holders of the Notes; and 
(ii) to any modification of the Notes or the Trust Deed which is, in the opinion of the Trustee, 
of a formal, minor or technical nature or is to correct a manifest error.

--- Page 146 ---
137 
 
 
 
 
In addition, the Trustee may, without the consent of the holders of the Notes, authorise or 
waive any proposed breach or breach of the Notes or the Trust Deed or determine that any 
Event of Default shall not be treated as such (other than a proposed breach or breach relating 
to the subject of a Reserved Matter) if, in the opinion of the Trustee, the interests of the 
holders of the Notes will not be materially prejudiced thereby. 
Unless the Trustee agrees otherwise, any such authorisation, waiver or modification shall be 
notified to the holders of the Notes as soon as practicable thereafter. 
(d) 
Threshold Increase 
The Trust Deed also contains provisions according to which the Issuer shall have the right, in 
its absolute discretion, and without obligation, at any time to increase the Scope 1 and 2 
Emissions Percentage Threshold, the EVCP Increase Threshold (as such term is defined in 
section 1 of the Annex to the Conditions), the Abertis Scope 3 Emissions Percentage 
Threshold (as such term is defined in section 1 of the Annex to the Conditions) and/or the 
AdR Scope 3 Emissions Percentage Threshold (as such term is defined in section 2 of the 
Annex to the Conditions), as applicable, with respect to any Series of Step Up Notes. Notice 
of any such increase shall be given promptly by the Issuer to the Trustee, the Paying Agents, 
the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes) and the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 17 (a “Threshold Increase Notice”). Any Threshold Increase Notice shall be 
unconditional and irrevocable (subject only to any subsequent Threshold Increase Notice 
further increasing the Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Percentage Threshold, the EVCP Increase 
Threshold, the Abertis Scope 3 Emissions Percentage Threshold or the AdR Scope 3 
Emissions Percentage Threshold, if applicable) and shall specify the date on which any such 
increase is effective (the “Threshold Increase Effective Date”), which for the avoidance of 
doubt may be the date of the Threshold Increase Notice or such other date as may be 
specified. On the relevant Threshold Increase Effective Date, the increase of the Scope 1 and 
2 Emissions Percentage Threshold, the EVCP Increase Threshold, the Abertis Scope 3 
Emissions Percentage Threshold or the AdR Scope 3 Emissions Percentage Threshold, as 
applicable, will be effective and binding on the Issuer, the Trustee, the Noteholders and the 
Couponholders and the consent of the Trustee, the Noteholders and the Couponholders shall 
not be required.  
By subscribing for, or purchasing, a Note, each Noteholder shall be deemed to have agreed to, 
and accepted, any increase of the Scope 1 and 2 Emissions Percentage Threshold, the EVCP 
Increase Threshold, the Abertis Scope 3 Emissions Percentage Threshold or the AdR Scope 3 
Emissions Percentage Threshold, as applicable, made in accordance herewith and the Trust 
Deed, without the need of any consent of the Noteholders or the Trustee. 
(e) 
Substitution: 
The Trust Deed contains provisions permitting the Trustee to agree in circumstances 
including, but not limited to, circumstances which would constitute a Permitted 
Reorganisation, subject to such amendment of the Trust Deed and such other conditions as the 
Trustee may require, but without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, to the 
substitution of the Issuer’s successor in business, transferee or assignee or any subsidiary of 
the Issuer or its successor in business, transferee or assignee in place of the Issuer or of any 
previous substituted company, as principal debtor under the Trust Deed and the Notes.  In 
addition, notice of any such substitution shall be given to Euronext Dublin and published in 
accordance with Condition 17. 
12. 
Enforcement 
(a) 
Enforcement by the Trustee 
Subject to mandatory provisions of Italian law, at any time after the Notes become due and 
payable, the Trustee may, at its discretion and without further notice, institute or take such 
proceedings and/or other steps or action (including lodging an appeal in any proceedings)

--- Page 147 ---
138 
 
 
 
 
against or in relation to the Issuer as it may think fit to enforce the provisions of the Trust 
Deed, the Notes and the Coupons, but it need not take any such proceedings, action or step 
unless (a) it shall have been so directed by a Resolution or so requested in writing by 
Noteholders holding at least one quarter in nominal amount of the Notes outstanding and (b) 
it shall have been indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction. 
(b) 
Limitation on Trustee Actions 
The Trustee may refrain from doing anything which would or might in its opinion be contrary 
to any law of any jurisdiction or any directive or regulation of any agency of any state which 
would or might otherwise render it liable to any person and may do anything which is, in its 
opinion, necessary to comply with such law, directive or regulations. 
(c) 
Enforcement by Noteholders 
Subject to mandatory provisions of Italian law (including, without limitation, to Article 2419 
of the Italian Civil Code), no Noteholder or Couponholder shall be entitled to (i) take any 
steps or action against the Issuer to enforce the performance of any of the provisions of the 
Trust Deed, the Notes or the Coupons or (ii) take any other proceedings (including lodging an 
appeal in any proceedings) in respect of or concerning the Issuer, in each case unless the 
Trustee, having become bound so to take any such action, steps or proceedings, fails or is 
unable to do so within a reasonable time and such failure or inability shall be continuing. 
13. 
Indemnification of the Trustee 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for the indemnification of the Trustee and for its relief from 
responsibility.  The Trustee is entitled to enter into business transactions with the Issuer and any entity 
related to the Issuer without accounting for any profit. 
14. 
Replacement of Notes, Certificates, Coupons and Talons 
If a Note, Certificate, Coupon or Talon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be 
replaced, subject to applicable laws, regulations and stock exchange or other relevant authority 
regulations, at the specified office of the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent in Ireland (in the case of 
Bearer Notes, Coupons or Talons) and of the Registrar (in the case of Certificates) or such other 
Paying Agent or Transfer Agent, as the case may be, as may from time to time be designated by the 
Issuer for the purpose and notice of whose designation is given to Noteholders, in each case on 
payment by the claimant of the fees and costs incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as 
to evidence, security and indemnity (which may provide, inter alia, that if the allegedly lost, stolen or 
destroyed Note, Certificate, Coupon or Talon is subsequently presented for payment or, as the case 
may be, for exchange for further Coupons, there shall be paid to the Issuer on demand the amount 
payable by the Issuer in respect of such Notes, Certificates, Coupons or further Coupons) and 
otherwise as the Issuer may require.  Mutilated or defaced Notes, Certificates, Coupons or Talons 
must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
15. 
Trustee Protections 
In connection with the exercise, under these Conditions or the Trust Deed, of its functions, rights, 
powers, trusts, authorities and discretions (including but not limited to any modification, consent, 
waiver or authorisation), the Trustee shall have regard to the interests of the Noteholders as a class 
and will not have regard to the consequences of such exercise for individual Noteholders or 
Couponholders, resulting from their being for any purpose domiciled or resident in, or otherwise 
connected with, or subject to the jurisdiction of, any particular territory.  The Trustee shall not be 
entitled to require from the Issuer, nor shall any Noteholders or Couponholders be entitled to claim 
from the Issuer or the Trustee, any indemnification or other payment in respect of any consequence 
(including any tax consequence) for individual Noteholders or Couponholders of any such exercise, 
subject to applicable mandatory provisions of Italian law.

--- Page 148 ---
139 
 
 
 
 
16. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may, from time to time, without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders create 
and issue further securities either having the same terms and conditions as the Notes in all respects (or 
in all respects except for the first payment of interest on them) and so that such further issue shall be 
consolidated and form a single series with the outstanding securities of any series (including the 
Notes) or upon such terms as the Issuer may determine at the time of their issue.  References in these 
Conditions to the Notes include (unless the context requires otherwise) any other securities issued 
pursuant to this Condition and forming a single series with the Notes.  Any further securities forming 
a single series with the outstanding securities of any series (including the Notes) constituted by the 
Trust Deed or any deed supplemental to it shall, and any other securities may (with the consent of the 
Trustee), be constituted by the Trust Deed.  The Trust Deed contains provisions for convening a 
single meeting of the Noteholders and the holders of securities of other series where the Trustee so 
decides. 
17. 
Notices 
Notices to the holders of Registered Notes shall be mailed to them at their respective addresses in the 
Register and deemed to have been given on the fourth weekday (being a day other than a Saturday or 
a Sunday) after the date of mailing and, so long as the Notes are listed on Euronext Dublin, shall be 
published on Euronext Dublin’s website, https://live.euronext.com/. 
Notices to the holders of Bearer Notes shall be valid if published so long as the Notes are listed on 
Euronext Dublin, on the website of Euronext Dublin, which as of the date hereof is 
https://live.euronext.com/. 
Notices will also be published by the Issuer (i) on its website and, (ii) to the extent required under 
mandatory provisions of Italian law, through other appropriate public announcements and/or 
regulatory filings. 
If in the opinion of the Trustee any such publication is not practicable, notice shall be validly given if 
published in another leading daily English language newspaper with general circulation in Europe.  
Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of such publication or, if published 
more than once or on different dates, on the first date on which publication is made, as provided 
above. 
Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice given to 
the holders of Bearer Notes in accordance with this Condition. 
18. 
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of the Notes, the Coupons and the 
Talons under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999. 
19. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing Law 
The Notes, the Coupons and the Talons, the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement , and any 
non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with any of them, are governed by, 
and shall be construed in accordance with, English law; Paragraphs (a) (Meetings of 
Noteholders) and (b) (Noteholders' Representative) of Condition 11 (Meetings of 
Noteholders, Modification, Waiver, Threshold Increase and Substitution), and the provisions 
of the Trust Deed concerning the meetings of Noteholders and the appointment of a 
Noteholders' Representative in respect of the Notes are subject to compliance with the 
mandatory laws of the Republic of Italy.

--- Page 149 ---
140 
 
 
 
 
(b) 
Jurisdiction 
The Courts of England are to have jurisdiction to settle any disputes that may arise out of or 
in connection with any Notes, Coupons or Talons and accordingly any legal action or 
proceedings arising out of or in connection with any Notes, Coupons or Talons 
(“Proceedings”) may be brought in such courts.  The Issuer has in the Trust Deed irrevocably 
submitted to the jurisdiction of such courts. 
(c) 
Service of Process 
The Issuer has irrevocably appointed Law Debenture Corporate Services Ltd. as agent in 
England to receive, for it and on its behalf, service of process in any Proceedings in England.

--- Page 150 ---
141 
 
 
 
 
ANNEX TO THE CONDITIONS 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE KPI2 EVENTS 
1. 
Provisions relating to the Abertis KPI Events 
For the purposes of the Abertis KPI Events, the following terms shall have the following meanings. 
Defined terms used in this Section 1 but not defined herein have the respective meanings given to 
them in the Conditions. 
“Abertis Concession Agreements” means each of the concession agreements entered into between 
the Spanish state or the French State or any other state and a member of the Abertis SLB Reporting 
Group in relation to the concessions for the operation of certain motorways or any other type of 
infrastructure. 
“Abertis Group” means Abertis and its consolidated Subsidiaries taken as a whole. 
“Abertis Recalculation Event” means, in relation to each of the Abertis Scope 3 Emissions Ratio, 
Abertis Scope 3 Emissions Baseline, Abertis Scope 3 Emissions Percentage Threshold, Number of 
EVCPs, EVCP Baseline and EVCP Increase Threshold (in each case, the “Relevant Value”) the 
occurrence of any of the following: 
(i) 
a methodology change that significantly impacts the Relevant Value, including updated 
emission factors, improved data access or updated calculation methods or protocols; 
(ii) 
a correction of a data error or a correction of a number of cumulative errors that together have 
a significant impact; or 
(iii) 
a structural change to the Abertis SLB Reporting Group that has a significant impact, 
including as a result of acquisitions, mergers or divestments or the outsourcing or insourcing 
of business activities. 
Subject as set out in the definition of “KPI 2 Recalculation Event”, as of the relevant KPI 2 
Recalculation Date, the updated Relevant Value shall replace the original Relevant Value and any 
reference to the Relevant Value in these Conditions thereafter shall be deemed to be a reference to the 
updated Relevant Value, it being understood that in the absence of such confirmation by an Assurance 
Provider or Abertis Assurance Provider (and subject as set out in the definition of “KPI 2 
Recalculation Event”) the original Relevant Value shall continue to apply. By purchasing the Notes, a 
Noteholder shall be deemed to have consented, for itself and any and all successors or assigns, and to 
have irrevocably authorised Abertis to make any such recalculation or redetermination without the 
prior consent or consultation of the Noteholders. 
“Abertis Scope 3 Emissions” means indirect greenhouse gas emissions related to the purchase of 
goods and services by the Abertis SLB Reporting Group, in accordance with and subject to the 
definition of scope 3 emissions in the GHG Protocol Standard. For the avoidance of doubt, the Abertis 
Scope 3 Emissions do not include any other item (other than the purchase of goods and services) 
specified for the calculation of scope 3 emissions in the GHG Protocol Standard. 
“Abertis Scope 3 Emissions Baseline” means 6.7, being the quotient of (a) the amount in tCO2e of 
the Abertis Scope 3 Emissions of the Abertis SLB Reporting Group and (b) the number of kilometres 
(calculated in millions) travelled by vehicles on infrastructure operated by the Abertis SLB Reporting 
Group, in each case, during the Baseline Year, provided that Abertis may, acting in good faith, 
recalculate the Abertis Scope 3 Emissions Baseline in accordance with the GHG Protocol Standard 
(where applicable) to reflect the occurrence of an Abertis Recalculation Event; 
“Abertis Scope 3 Emissions Condition” means the condition that the Abertis Scope 3 Emissions 
Percentage in respect of the Target Observation Period for any Reference Year, as shown in the 
relevant SLB Progress Report, was equal to or greater than the Abertis Scope 3 Emissions Percentage 
Threshold in respect of such Reference Year, and if the requirements above are not met by the

--- Page 151 ---
142 
 
 
 
 
Notification Deadline in any Reference Year, Abertis shall be deemed to have failed to satisfy the 
Abertis Scope 3 Emissions Condition. 
 “Abertis Scope 3 Emissions Event” occurs if Abertis fails to satisfy the Abertis Scope 3 Emissions 
Condition, provided that no Abertis Scope 3 Emissions Event shall occur in case of the failure of 
Abertis to satisfy the Abertis Scope 3 Emissions Condition as a result of (a) a change in law or 
regulation with an impact on the Abertis SLB Reporting Group’s Abertis Scope 3 Emissions or (b) the 
application of or a change in law or regulation imposing exceptional or emergency travel restrictions 
affecting infrastructure operated by the Abertis SLB Reporting Group, in each case, as determined in 
good faith by Abertis. 
“Abertis Scope 3 Emissions Percentage” means, in respect of any Target Observation Period, the 
percentage (rounded to the nearest whole number, with 0.5 rounded upwards) by which the Abertis 
Scope 3 Emissions Ratio for such Target Observation Period is reduced in comparison to the then 
current Abertis Scope 3 Emissions Baseline, as calculated in good faith by Abertis, assured by the 
Assurance Provider and reported by the Issuer in the relevant SLB Progress Report. 
“Abertis Scope 3 Emissions Percentage Threshold” means the threshold (expressed as a 
percentage) specified in the relevant Final Terms as being the Abertis Scope 3 Emissions Percentage 
Threshold in respect of the relevant Reference Year(s) or, if applicable, from the Threshold Increase 
Effective Date specified in a Threshold Increase Notice, such higher threshold as specified in such 
Threshold Increase Notice, provided that Abertis may, acting in good faith, recalculate the Abertis 
Scope 3 Emissions Percentage Threshold (including such higher threshold) in accordance with the 
GHG Protocol Standard (where applicable) to reflect the occurrence of an Abertis Recalculation 
Event. 
“Abertis Scope 3 Emissions Ratio” means the quotient of (a) the amount in tCO2e of the Abertis 
Scope 3 Emissions excluding any increase in greenhouse gas emissions related to (i) unforeseeable 
and non-recurring capital expenditure and/or maintenance works in respect of the Abertis SLB 
Reporting Group’s infrastructure and (ii) investments by the Abertis SLB Reporting Group for 
concession extensions and (b) the number of kilometres (calculated in millions) travelled by vehicles 
on infrastructure operated by the Abertis SLB Reporting Group, in each case, as calculated in good 
faith by Abertis in respect of each Target Observation Period, assured by the Assurance Provider and 
reported by the Issuer in the relevant SLB Progress Report; provided that Abertis may, acting in good 
faith, recalculate the Abertis Scope 3 Emissions Ratio in accordance with the GHG Protocol Standard 
(where applicable) to reflect the occurrence of an Abertis Recalculation Event.  
“Abertis SLB Reporting Group” means in respect of the Baseline Year or any Reporting Year 
(including any Reference Year): 
(i) 
in respect of any determination relating to an Abertis Scope 3 Emissions Event, Abertis and 
the Subsidiaries of Abertis included in the scope of nonfinancial information published by 
Abertis in respect of such year, and subject to the application of the GHG Protocol Standard 
and the “operational control” approach described therein, in each case, as determined by 
Abertis; and 
(ii) 
in respect of any determination relating to an EVCP Event, the Abertis Group at the relevant 
time, 
provided that if a member of the Abertis Group makes any acquisition, investment, divestment or 
disposal (a “Transaction”), Abertis may exclude such Transaction from the determination of the 
Abertis SLB Reporting Group for a period that is no longer than two years following the completion 
of such Transaction (a “Transaction Exclusion”). 
“Baseline Year” means: 
(i) 
in respect of the Abertis Scope 3 Emissions Baseline, the period beginning on 1 January 2019 
and ending on 31 December 2019; and

--- Page 152 ---
143 
 
 
 
 
(ii) 
in respect of the EVCP Baseline, 31 December 2021. 
“EVCP” means an electric vehicle charging point, the number of which at a recharging station 
determine the number of vehicles that can be recharged at that station at any given time. 
“EVCP Baseline” means 85 EVCPs, being the aggregate number of EVCPs present on infrastructure 
operated by the Abertis SLB Reporting Group pursuant to Abertis Concession Agreements as at the 
Baseline Year, provided that Abertis may, acting in good faith, recalculate the EVCP Baseline to 
reflect the occurrence of a Recalculation Event. 
“EVCP Condition” means the condition that the EVCP Increase in respect of the Target Observation 
Date for any Reference Year, as shown in the relevant SLB Progress Report, was equal to or greater 
than the EVCP Increase Threshold in respect of such Reference Year, and if the requirements above 
are not met by the relevant Notification Deadline in any Reference Year, the Issuer shall be deemed to 
have failed to satisfy the EVCP Condition. 
“EVCP Event” occurs if Abertis fails to satisfy the EVCP Condition, provided that no EVCP Event 
shall occur in case of the failure of Abertis to satisfy the EVCP Condition as a result of a change in 
law or regulation with an impact on the installation and/or operation of EVCPs, as determined in good 
faith by Abertis. 
“EVCP Increase” means, in respect of any Target Observation Date, the number by which the 
Number of EVCPs for such Target Observation Date exceeds the then current EVCP Baseline, as 
calculated in good faith by Abertis, assured by the relevant Assurance Provider and reported by the 
Issuer in the relevant SLB Progress Report. 
“EVCP Increase Threshold” means the threshold specified in the relevant Final Terms as being the 
EVCP Increase Threshold in respect of the relevant Reference Year(s) or, if applicable, from the 
Threshold Increase Effective Date specified in a Threshold Increase Notice, such higher threshold as 
specified in such Threshold Increase Notice, provided that Abertis may, acting in good faith, 
recalculate the EVCP Increase Threshold to reflect the occurrence of an Abertis Recalculation Event. 
“Number of EVCPs” means the aggregate number of EVCPs: 
(i) 
present on any infrastructure which is operated as at the relevant Target Observation Date by 
the Abertis SLB Reporting Group pursuant to Abertis Concession Agreements; and 
(ii) 
installed by the Abertis SLB Reporting Group on any infrastructure which was since the 
Baseline Year (and as at the relevant Target Observation Date no longer is) operated by the 
Abertis SLB Reporting Group pursuant to Abertis Concession Agreements, 
in each case, calculated in good faith by Abertis in respect of any Target Observation Date, provided 
that Abertis may, acting in good faith, recalculate the Number of EVCPs to reflect the occurrence of 
an Abertis Recalculation Event. 
“Target Observation Date” means for any Reporting Year (including, for the avoidance of doubt, 
the Reference Year), 31 December in the previous calendar year. 
“Target Observation Period” means for any Reporting Year (including, for the avoidance of doubt, 
the Reference Year), the period commencing on 1 January in the previous calendar year and ending 
on 31 December in the previous calendar year. 
2. 
Provisions relating to the AdR KPI Events 
For the purposes of the AdR KPI Events, the following terms shall have the following meanings. 
Defined terms used in this Section 2 but not defined herein have the respective meanings given to 
them in the Conditions. 
“ACA Accreditation Level Condition” means the condition that:

--- Page 153 ---
144 
 
 
 
 
(i) 
the Issuer complies with the applicable Reporting Requirements by 31 July in each Reporting 
Year; and 
(ii) 
AdR maintains the ACA Accreditation Level labelled as Level 4+ “Transition” in respect of 
the Observation Period for each Reporting Year up to the Reference Year, as shown on 
ACA’s website and confirmed in the relevant SLB Progress Report and Assurance Report,  
and if the requirements of paragraph(s) (i) and/or (ii) are not met in any Reporting Year, AdR shall be 
deemed to have failed to satisfy the ACA Accreditation Level Condition in respect of the relevant 
Reference Year. 
“ACA Accreditation Level Event” occurs if AdR fails to satisfy the ACA Accreditation Level 
Condition. 
“AdR Baseline Redetermination Event” means any significant or structural change to the business 
model and/or perimeter of the Issuer affecting the AdR Scope 3 Emissions Amount during an 
Observation Period, which accounts for 5 per cent. or more of the AdR Scope 3 Emissions Amount in 
such Observation Period. 
“AdR Concession” means the concession granted to AdR for the management, development and 
operation of the Rome airport system, or any other regulation pursuant to which AdR carries on the 
management, development and operation of the Rome airport system. 
“AdR Emissions Redetermination Event” means: 
(i) 
any significant or structural change to the business model and/or perimeter of AdR affecting 
the AdR Scope 3 Emissions Amount during an Observation Period; or  
(ii) 
any material adverse effect on the AdR Scope 3 Emissions Amount in respect of the relevant 
Observation Period arising from an amendment to the Italian legal or regulatory framework 
applicable, directly and/or indirectly, to the operation of airports, 
which in each case accounts for 5 per cent. or more of the AdR Scope 3 Emissions Amount, as the 
case may be, in such Observation Period. 
“AdR Scope 3 Emissions” means in KgCO2 per Passenger, indirect carbon dioxide emissions related 
to (i) the operation of ground support equipment and handlers’ vehicles; (ii) passenger travels to and 
from the Fiumicino Airport; (iii) travels to and from the Fiumicino Airport of contractors and other 
third parties; (iv) goods accessibility (estimate based on tons of goods); (v) waste management, 
treatment and disposal of solid and liquid waste generated by the operation of the Fiumicino Airport; 
(vi) business trips of AdR’s directors, managers and employees; (vii) third parties fixed sources 
emissions from generators and on-site plants); (viii) de-icing operations of aircrafts; and (ix) energy 
purchased by third parties in each case with respect to the Fiumicino Airport, as defined by the ACA 
Rules. For the avoidance of doubt, the AdR Scope 3 Emissions do not include the carbon dioxide 
emissions resulting from cruise, landing and take-off cycles and taxiing of aircrafts. 
“AdR Scope 3 Emissions Amount” means in KgCO2 per Passenger the AdR Scope 3 Emissions as 
calculated in good faith by AdR in respect of each Observation Period, confirmed by the Assurance 
Provider and reported by the Issuer in the relevant SLB Progress Report, provided that AdR may, 
acting in good faith, redetermine (also on a pro forma basis) the AdR Scope 3 Emissions Amount to 
reflect the occurrence of an AdR Emission Redetermination Event (such redetermined AdR Scope 3 
Emissions Amount, the “AdR Scope 3 Redetermined Emissions Amount”) and such 
redetermination will be effective only if (i) the redetermination is confirmed by the relevant 
Assurance Provider or AdR Assurance Provider in the relevant Assurance Report (and subject as set 
out in the definition of “KPI 2 Recalculation Event”) (ii) an explanation of the events requiring the 
redetermination and the quantum of such redetermination (such quantum, the “AdR Scope 3 
Emissions Redetermination Amount”) are published by the Issuer in the latest SLB Progress Report 
in accordance with the applicable Reporting Requirements; and (iii) the same significant or structural

--- Page 154 ---
145 
 
 
 
 
change to the business model and/or perimeter of AdR is not applied to redetermination of the AdR 
Scope 3 Emissions Baseline. 
“AdR Scope 3 Emissions Baseline” means 14.3 KgCO2 per Passenger, corresponding to the AdR 
Scope 3 Emissions for the period beginning on 1 January 2019 and ending on 31 December 2019, 
provided that AdR may, acting in good faith, redetermine (also on a pro forma basis) the AdR Scope 
3 Emissions Baseline to reflect the occurrence of an AdR Baseline Redetermination Event and such 
redetermination will be effective if (i) the redetermination is confirmed by the relevant Assurance 
Provider or AdR Assurance Provider in an Assurance Report (and subject as set out in the definition 
of “KPI 2 Recalculation Event”); (ii) an explanation of the events requiring the redetermination and 
the quantum of such redetermination are published by the Issuer in the latest SLB Progress Report in 
accordance with the applicable Reporting Requirements; and (iii) the same significant or structural 
changes to the business model and/or perimeter of AdR is not applied to the redetermination of the 
AdR Scope 3 Emissions Amount. 
“AdR Scope 3 Emissions Condition” means the condition that the AdR Scope 3 Emissions 
Percentage in respect of the Observation Period for the Reference Year, as shown in the relevant SLB 
Progress Reports, was equal to or greater than the AdR Scope 3 Emissions Percentage Threshold in 
respect of such Reference Year, and if the requirements above are not met in any Reporting Year, the 
Issuer shall be deemed to have failed to satisfy the AdR Scope 3 Emissions Condition in respect of the 
Reference Year. 
“AdR Scope 3 Emissions Event” occurs if AdR fails to satisfy the AdR Scope 3 Emissions 
Condition. 
“AdR Scope 3 Emissions Percentage” means, in respect of any Observation Period, the percentage 
(rounded to the nearest whole number, with 0.5 rounded upwards) by which the AdR Scope 3 
Emissions Amount or the AdR Scope 3 Redetermined Emissions Amount, as applicable, for such 
Observation Period are reduced in comparison to the AdR Scope 3 Emissions Baseline, as calculated 
in good faith by AdR, confirmed by the relevant Assurance Provider and reported by the Issuer in the 
relevant SLB Progress Report. 
“AdR Scope 3 Emissions Percentage Threshold” means the threshold (expressed as a percentage) 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as being the AdR Scope 3 Emissions Percentage Threshold or, 
if applicable, from the Threshold Increase Effective Date specified in a Threshold Increase Notice, 
such higher threshold as specified in such Threshold Increase Notice. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the occurrence of any AdR Baseline Redetermination Event or AdR 
Emissions Redetermination Event will not result in any adjustment to the AdR Scope 3 Emissions 
Percentage Threshold(s), but may result, as the case may be, in the redetermination (also on a pro 
forma basis) of the AdR Scope 3 Emissions Baseline or the AdR Scope 3 Emissions Amount, as 
applicable. 
“AdR Recalculation Event” means an AdR Baseline Redetermination Event or an AdR Emissions 
Redetermination Event. 
“Fiumicino Airport” means the airport located in Fiumicino, Italy, managed by AdR under the 
relevant AdR Concession. 
“KgCO2 per Passenger” means kilograms of carbon dioxide equivalent per each passenger. 
“Observation Period” means for any Reporting Year (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the 
Reference Year), the period commencing on 1 January in the previous calendar year and ending on 31 
December in the previous calendar year.

--- Page 155 ---
146 
 
 
 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”).  For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who 
is one (or more) of:  (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU, as 
amended (“MiFID II”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, as amended or 
superseded (“Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II.  Consequently no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under 
the PRIIPS Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”).  For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of:  (i) a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/565 as it forms part of 
UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018, as amended (“EUWA”), or (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (“FSMA”) and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA, as amended by the Markets in 
Financial Instruments (Amendment) (EU Exit) Regulations 2018.  Consequently no key information 
document required by the PRIIPS Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the 
“UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
[MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that:  (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and 
professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended (“MiFID II”); and (ii) all 
channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. 
[Consider any negative target market].  Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes 
(a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that:  (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as 
defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and professional clients, as 
defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (“UK 
MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients 
are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market].  Any distributor (as defined above) should take into 
consideration the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA 
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.] 
[Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification – Solely for the purposes of its obligations 
pursuant to Sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of 
Singapore)(as modified or amended from time to time, the “SFA”), the Issuer has determined, and hereby 
notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A of the SFA) that the Notes are [“prescribed capital

--- Page 156 ---
147 
 
 
 
 
markets products”]/[“capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets products”] (as defined in 
the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018).] 
[If the Notes have a maturity of less than one year from the date of their issue, the minimum denomination 
must be £100,000 or its equivalent in any other currency.] 
Final Terms dated [●] 
 
MUNDYS S.P.A. 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the €5,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
“Conditions”) set forth in the Offering Circular dated 16 May 2023 [and the supplemental Offering Circular 
dated [●]) which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the “Offering Circular”) [for the purposes of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the “Prospectus Regulation”)]*.  [This document constitutes the 
Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation.]*  These 
Final Terms contain the final terms of the Notes and must be read in conjunction with such Offering Circular 
[as so supplemented]. 
Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes described herein is only available on the basis of the 
combination of these Final Terms and the Offering Circular [as so supplemented].  [The Offering Circular 
[and the supplemental Offering Circular] [is] [are] available for viewing [at [, and copies may be obtained 
from, the website of Euronext Dublin at https://live.euronext.com/]] [and] during normal business hours at 
[address] [and copies may be obtained from [address]]. 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable” (N/A). Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs (in which 
case the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted).  Italics denote guidance 
for completing the Final Terms.] 
* Delete where the Notes are neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic 
Area nor offered in the European Economic Area in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be 
published under the Prospectus Regulation. 
1. 
Issuer: 
Mundys S.p.A. 
2. 
[(i) 
Series Number:] 
[●] 
[(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[●] 
[(iii) 
Date on which the Notes become 
fungible: 
[Not Applicable/The Notes shall be consolidated, form a 
single series and be interchangeable for trading purposes 
with [insert description of relevant Series] on [insert 
date/the Issue Date/exchange of the Temporary Global 
Note for interests in the Permanent Global Note, as 
referred to in paragraph [21] below [which is expected to 
occur on or about [insert date]]].] 
[(iv) 
Trade Date:] 
[●] 
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[●] 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of Notes: 
 
[(i)] 
[Series]: 
[●]

--- Page 157 ---
148 
 
 
 
 
[(ii) 
Tranche: 
[●] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date] (if applicable)] 
6. 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[●] 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[●] 
7. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[Specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[Specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to the relevant month 
and year] 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate[, subject to the Step Up 
Option]] 
 
[[●] month [EURIBOR]] +/– [●] per cent. Floating Rate[, 
subject to the Step Up Option]] 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
(further particulars specified below under 14-17) 
10. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Redemption at par] 
 
[Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption the Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity 
Date at [100] per cent. of their nominal amount.] 
11. 
Change of Interest or 
 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[Specify the date when any fixed to floating rate change 
occurs or refer to paragraphs 14 and 15 below and 
identify there] 
12. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] 
 
[Issuer Call] 
[Issuer Clean-Up Call] 
[Issuer Maturity Par Call] 
 
[(further particulars specified below under 18-21)] 
13. 
[(i)] 
Status of the Notes: 
Senior 
[(ii)] 
[Date 
[Board] 
approval 
for 
issuance of Notes] obtained: 
[●]  
 
(N.B.  Only relevant where Board authorisation is 
required for the particular tranche of Notes) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[The Initial Rate of Interest is] [●] per cent. per annum 
[payable [annually/ semi-annually /quarterly/monthly] in 
arrear on each Interest Payment Date]

--- Page 158 ---
149 
 
 
 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] in each year up to and including the Maturity 
Date/[specify other] 
[N.B.:  This will need to be amended in the case of long 
or short coupons] 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
(applicable to Notes in definitive 
form only) 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
(applicable to Notes in definitive 
form only) 
[●] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [●] 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/365 / Actual/Actual – ISDA] 
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
[30/360 / 360/360 / Note Basis] 
 
[30E/360 / Eurobond Basis] 
 
[30E/360 – ISDA] 
 
Actual/Actual – ICMA] 
(vi) 
Determination Dates: 
[●] in each year (insert regular interest payment dates, 
ignoring issue date or maturity date in the case of a long 
or short first or last coupon.  N.B. only relevant where 
Day Count Fraction is Actual/Actual (ICMA)) 
15. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[●] 
(ii) 
Specified Interest Payment 
Dates: 
[[●] in each year, subject to adjustment in accordance 
with the Business Day Convention set out in (iv) below] 
(iii) 
[First Interest Payment Date]: 
[●] 
(iv) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/ Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/ Preceding Business Day Convention] 
(v) 
Business Centre(s): 
[●] 
(vi) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
(vii) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate(s) of Interest and/or 
Interest Amount(s) (if not the 
Issuing and Principal Paying 
Agent): 
[●] 
(viii) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of this 
subparagraph) 
 
Reference Rate: 
[EURIBOR]

--- Page 159 ---
150 
 
 
 
 
 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[●] 
 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] 
 
Relevant Time: 
[●] 
 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
[●] 
(ix) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of this 
subparagraph) 
 
Floating Rate Option: 
[[●]/EUR-EuroSTR / EUR-EuroSTR Compounded Index 
/ GBP SONIA / GBP SONIA Compounded Index / USD-
SOFR / USD-SOFR Compounded Index] 
 
Designated Maturity: 
[●] 
 
Reset Date: 
[●] 
 
[[ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions/2021 ISDA Definitions] 
 
2021 ISDA Definitions: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]  
 
Compounding: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
Compounding Method: 
[Compounding with Lookback 
Lookback: [•] Applicable Business Days] 
[Compounding with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [•] Observation Period Shift 
Business Days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: [•] / 
[Not Applicable]] 
[Compounding with Lockout 
Lockout: [•] Lockout Period Business Days 
Lockout Period Business Days: [•]/[Applicable Business 
Days]] 
 
Averaging: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
Averaging Method: 
[Averaging with Lookback 
Lookback: [•] Applicable Business Days] 
[Averaging with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [•] Observation Period Shift 
Business days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[•]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Averaging with Lockout 
Lookout: [•] Lockout Period Business Days 
Lockout Period Business Days: [•]/[Applicable Business 
Days]]

--- Page 160 ---
151 
 
 
 
 
 
Index Provisions: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
Index Method: 
Compounded Index Method with Observation Period 
Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [•] Observation Period Shift 
Business days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: [•] / 
[Not Applicable] 
(x) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest for the 
[long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be calculated 
using Linear Interpolation (specify for each short or long 
interest period)] 
(xi) 
Margin(s): 
[The Initial Margin is] [+/-][●] per cent. per annum 
(xii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
(xiii) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
(xiv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/365 / Actual/Actual – ISDA] 
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
[30/360 / 360/360 / Note Basis] 
 
[30E/360 / Eurobond Basis] 
 
[30E/360 – ISDA] 
 
Actual/Actual – ICMA] 
16. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(i) 
[Amortisation/Accrual] Yield: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[●] 
(iii) 
Day Count Fraction in relation to 
Early Redemption: 
[Actual/365 / Actual/Actual – ISDA] 
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
[30/360 / 360/360 / Note Basis] 
 
[30E/360 / Eurobond Basis] 
 
[30E/360 – ISDA] 
 
Actual/Actual – ICMA] 
17. 
[Step Up Option 
[Applicable, the Notes constitute Step Up Notes /Not 
Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Step Up Event(s): 
[KPI 1 Event] [and] [KPI 2 Event]. 
(ii) 
KPI 1 Event: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub-paragraphs

--- Page 161 ---
152 
 
 
 
 
of this paragraph) 
 
Reference Year(s): 
[●] [and [●]] 
 
Scope 1 and 2 Emissions 
Percentage Threshold: 
[●] per cent. [in respect of [specify relevant Reference 
Year if more than one Reference Year is included]], 
subject to increase as specified in a Threshold Increase 
Notice in accordance with Condition 11(c). 
(iii) 
KPI 2 Event: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
Reference Year(s): 
[●] [and [●]] 
 
Abertis Scope 3 Emissions 
Percentage Threshold: 
[[●] per cent. [in respect of [specify relevant Reference 
Year if more than one Reference Year is included]], 
subject to increase as specified in a Threshold Increase 
Notice in accordance with Condition 11(c).] / [Not 
Applicable] 
 
EVCP Increase Threshold 
[[●] per cent. [in respect of [specify relevant Reference 
Year if more than one Reference Year is included]], 
subject to increase as specified in a Threshold Increase 
Notice in accordance with Condition 11(c).] / [Not 
Applicable] 
 
AdR Scope 3 Emissions 
Percentage Threshold: 
[[●] per cent. [in respect of [specify relevant Reference 
Year if more than one Reference Year is included]], 
subject to increase as specified in a Threshold Increase 
Notice in accordance with Condition 11(c). / [Not 
Applicable] 
(iv) 
Step Up Margin(s): 
[[●] per cent. per annum [at the occurrence of [●]]]  
[set out additional Step-Up Margins in case of multiple 
Step-Up Events] 
(v) 
Notification Deadline: 
[●] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
18. 
Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
of each Note: 
(Either a specified amount or an election 
that redemption should be 
calculated as a Make-Whole 
Amount) 
[[●] per Calculation Amount]/[Make-Whole Amount] [in 
the case of the Optional Redemption Date(s) falling [on 
[●]/any date from, and including, the Issue Date to but 
excluding [●]]/[and] [[●] per Calculation Amount in the 
period (the “Par Call Period”) from and including 
[insert date] (the “Par Call Period Commencement 
Date”) to but excluding [date]] [and [[●] per Calculation 
Amount] [in the case of the Optional Redemption Date(s) 
falling [on [●]/in the period from and including [date] to 
but excluding [date]] 
(iii) 
Redemption Margin: 
(Only applicable to Make-Whole Amount 
redemption) 
(iv) 
Reference Bond: 
[[●] per cent.] [Not Applicable]

--- Page 162 ---
153 
 
 
 
 
(Only applicable to Make-Whole Amount 
redemption) 
(v) 
Reference Dealers: 
(Only applicable to Make-Whole Amount 
redemption) 
(vi) 
If redeemable in part: 
[insert applicable reference bond] [Not Applicable] 
[[●]] [Not Applicable] 
(a) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
(b) 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
(vii) 
Notice period: 
[●] 
19. 
Clean-Up Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
of each Note: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
20.  
Issuer Maturity par Call Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]   
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
of each Note: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
(ii) 
Par Call Period: 
[●] 
(iii) 
Par Call Period Commencement 
Date 
[●] 
21. 
Put Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
of each Note: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
(iii) 
Notice period: 
[●] 
22. 
Final Redemption Amount of each Note 
[[●] per Calculation Amount] 
23. 
Early Redemption Amount 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount(s) 
per 
Calculation 
Amount 
payable 
on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on 
event 
of 
default 
or 
other 
early 
redemption: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
24. 
Form of Notes: 
Bearer Notes: 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent 
Global Note which is exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
on 
[●] days’ 
notice/at 
any 
time/in 
the 
limited 
circumstances specified in the Permanent Global Note]

--- Page 163 ---
154 
 
 
 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes on [●] days’ notice] 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes on [●] days’ notice/at any time/in the limited 
circumstances specified in the Permanent Global Note] 
 
(In relation to any Notes issued with a denomination of 
€100,000 (or equivalent) and integral multiples of €1,000 
(or equivalent), the Global Note shall only be 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes in the limited 
circumstances of (1) closure of the ICSDs; and 
(2) default of the Issuer) 
 
[Registered Notes] 
 
Registered Global Note registered in the name of a 
nominee for [a common depositary for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg]/[a common safekeeper for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (that is, held 
under the New Safekeeping Structure (NSS))] 
25. 
New Global Note: 
[Yes] [No] 
26. 
Financial Centre(s): 
[[●]/Not Applicable] 
27. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached 
to Definitive Notes (and dates on which 
such Talons mature): 
[Yes/No] 
RESPONSIBILITY 
 [(Relevant third party information) has been extracted from (specify source).  [The Issuer confirms that such 
information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from 
information published by (specify source), no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of Mundys S.p.A. 
 
 ................................................................ 
Duly authorised

--- Page 164 ---
155 
 
 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING 
 
(i) 
Listing 
[Euronext Dublin/None] 
(ii) 
Admission to trading 
[Application has been made for the Notes to be admitted to 
trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin from 
[the Issue Date].] [Application is expected to be made for 
the Notes to be admitted to trading on the regulated market 
of 
Euronext 
Dublin 
with 
effect 
from 
[●].]/[Not 
Applicable.] 
(iii) 
Estimate of total expenses 
related to admission to trading 
[●] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued [have been/are expected to be] 
rated: 
 
[S&P:  [●]] 
 
[Moody’s:  [●]] 
 
[Fitch:  [●]] 
 
[[Other]:  [●]] 
 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of the 
ratings if this has previously been published by the rating 
provider.] 
 
Option 1 - CRA is established in the EEA and registered 
under the CRA Regulation 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is established in the EEA and 
registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as 
amended (the “CRA Regulation”). 
 
Option 2 - CRA is established in the EEA but CRA is 
not registered under the CRA Regulation 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is established in the EEA and is 
neither registered nor has it applied for registration under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the “CRA 
Regulation”). 
 
Option 3 – CRA is not established in the EEA but 
relevant rating is endorsed by a CRA which is 
established and registered under the CRA Regulation 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is not established in the EEA but 
the rating it has given to the Notes is endorsed by [insert 
legal name of credit rating agency], which is established 
in the EEA and registered under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009, as amended (the “CRA Regulation”). 
 
Option 4 - CRA is not established in the EEA and 
relevant rating is not endorsed under the CRA 
Regulation but CRA is certified under the CRA

--- Page 165 ---
156 
 
 
 
 
Regulation 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is not established in the EEA but 
is certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as 
amended (the “CRA Regulation”). 
 
Option 5 – CRA is neither established in the EEA nor 
certified under the CRA Regulation and relevant rating 
is not endorsed under the CRA Regulation 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is not established in the EEA and 
is not certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as 
amended (the “CRA Regulation”) and the rating it has 
given to the Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established in the EEA and registered under the 
CRA Regulation 
3. 
[INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE/OFFER] 
Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to the 
issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest.  May be satisfied by the 
inclusion of the following statement: 
[“Save as discussed in “Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions”, so far as the 
Issuer is aware, no person involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer.”] 
4. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS AND TOTAL EXPENSES 
[(i) 
Reasons for the offer: 
[●] 
 
(See [“Use of Proceeds”] wording in the Offering 
Circular – if reasons for offer different from making profit 
and/or hedging certain risks will need to include those 
reasons here.)] 
[(ii)] 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[●] 
 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use will need 
to split out and present in order of priority.  If proceeds 
insufficient to fund all proposed uses state amount and 
sources of other funding.) 
5. 
[FIXED RATE NOTES ONLY – YIELD 
Indication of yield: 
[●] 
 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of the 
Issue Price and the fixed rate of interest for such Notes.  It 
is not an indication of future yield.] 
6. 
[FLOATING RATE NOTES ONLY – HISTORIC INTEREST RATES 
[Details of historic [EURIBOR] rates can be obtained from [Reuters]/[●].] 
[[Benchmarks: 
Amounts payable under the Notes will be calculated by 
reference to [●] which is provided by [●]. [As at [●], [●] 
[appears/does 
not 
appear] 
on 
the 
register 
of 
administrators 
and 
benchmarks 
established 
and 
maintained by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmarks

--- Page 166 ---
157 
 
 
 
 
Regulation (Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011) (the “EU 
BMR”). [As far as the Issuer is aware, [●] does/do not 
fall within the scope of the EU BMR by virtue of 
Article 2 of that regulation] / [the transitional provisions 
in Article 51 of the EU BMR apply], such that [●] is not 
currently required to obtain authorisation or registration 
(or, if located outside the European Union, recognition, 
endorsement or equivalence).]] 
[As at [●], [●] [appears/does not appear] on in the 
register of administrators and benchmarks established 
and maintained by the FCA pursuant to [Article 36] 
(Register of administrators and benchmarks) of 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK BMR”). 
[As far as the Issuer is aware, [●] does/do not fall within 
the scope of the UK BMR by virtue of Article 2 of that 
regulation] / [the transitional provisions in Article 51 of 
the UK BMR apply], such that [●] is not currently 
required to obtain authorisation or registration (or, if 
located outside the United Kingdom, recognition, 
endorsement or equivalence).]]] 
7. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
ISIN Code: 
[●] 
Common Code: 
[●] 
[FISN Code: 
[[●], as set out on the website of the Association of 
National Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced from the responsible National Numbering 
Agency that assigned the ISIN] / [Not Applicable] 
[CFI Code: 
[[●], as set out on the website of the Association of 
National Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced from the responsible National Numbering 
Agency that assigned the ISIN] / [Not Applicable] 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV and 
Clearstream Banking, SA and the 
relevant identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable]/[Give name(s) and number(s)] 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
Names and addresses of initial Paying 
Agent(s): 
[●] 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[●] 
Intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes.  Note that the designation “yes” simply means that 
the Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with one 
of the ICSDs as common safekeeper [(and registered in the 
name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper)] [include this text for registered notes] and 
does not necessarily mean that the Notes will be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary 
policy and intraday credit operations by the Eurosystem 
either upon issue or at any or all times during their life.

--- Page 167 ---
158 
 
 
 
 
Such recognition will depend upon the ECB being satisfied 
that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.]/ [No. 
Whilst the designation is specified as “no” at the date of 
these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria be amended in the future such that the Notes are 
capable of meeting them the Notes may then be deposited 
with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper [(and 
registered in the name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs 
acting as common safekeeper) [include this text for 
registered notes].  Note that this does not necessarily mean 
that the Notes will then be recognised as eligible collateral 
for Eurosystem monetary policy and intraday credit 
operations by the Eurosystem at any time during their life.  
Such recognition will depend upon the ECB being satisfied 
that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.]] 
7. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii) 
If syndicated 
 
(A) 
names and addresses 
of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names, addresses and underwriting 
commitments] 
 
(Include names and addresses of entities agreeing to 
underwrite the issue on a firm commitment basis and 
names and addresses of the entities agreeing to place the 
issue without a firm commitment or on a “best efforts” 
basis if such entities are not the same as the Managers.) 
(B) 
Stabilising Manager(s) 
(if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(C) 
Date of Subscription 
Agreement: 
[●] 
(iii)  
If non-syndicated, name and 
address of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name and address] 
(iv)  
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category [1/2]; TEFRA C/TEFRA D/ 
TEFRA not applicable]

--- Page 168 ---
159 
 
 
 
 
BOOK-ENTRY CLEARANCE PROCEDURES 
The information set out below is subject to any change in or reinterpretation of the rules, regulations and 
procedures of the Clearing Systems currently in effect.  The information in this section concerning the 
Clearing Systems has been obtained from sources that the Issuer believes to be reliable, but neither the Issuer 
nor any Dealer takes any responsibility for the accuracy thereof.  Investors wishing to use the facilities of any 
of the Clearing Systems are advised to confirm the continued applicability of the rules, regulations and 
procedures of the relevant Clearing System.  Neither the Issuer nor any other party to the Agency Agreement 
will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records relating to, or payments made on account 
of, beneficial ownership interests in the Notes held through the facilities of any Clearing System or for 
maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership interests. 
Book-Entry Systems 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg each hold securities for its customers and facilitate the clearance and 
settlement of securities transactions by electronic book-entry transfer between their respective account 
holders.  Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg provide various services including safekeeping, 
administration, clearance and settlement of internationally traded securities and securities lending and 
borrowing.  Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg also deal with domestic securities markets in several 
countries through established depository and custodial relationships.  Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
have established an electronic bridge between their two systems across which their respective participants 
may settle trades with each other. 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg customers are world-wide financial institutions, including 
underwriters, securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies and clearing corporations.  Indirect access 
to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg is available to other institutions that clear through or maintain a 
custodial relationship with an account holder of either system. 
Transfers of Notes Represented by Registered Global Notes 
Transfers of any interests in Notes represented by a Registered Global Note within Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg will be effected in accordance with the customary rules and operating procedures of the relevant 
clearing system.  The laws in some States within the United States require that certain persons take physical 
delivery of securities in definitive form.  Consequently, the ability to transfer Notes represented by a 
Registered Global Note to such persons may depend upon the ability to exchange such Notes for Notes in 
definitive form. 
Subject to compliance with the transfer restrictions applicable to the Registered Notes described under 
“Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions”, transfers directly or indirectly through 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or accountholders, on the other, will be effected by the relevant 
clearing system in accordance with its rules and through action taken by the Registrar, the Issuing and 
Principal Paying Agent and any custodian with whom the relevant Registered Global Notes have been 
deposited. 
On or after the Issue Date for any Series, transfers of Notes of such Series between accountholders in 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear will generally have a settlement date three business days after the 
trade date (T+3).  The customary arrangements for delivery versus payment will apply to such transfers. 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear have each published rules and operating procedures designed to 
facilitate transfers of beneficial interests in Registered Global Notes among participants and accountholders of 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear.  However, they are under no obligation to perform or continue to 
perform such procedures, and such procedures may be discontinued or changed at any time.  None of the 
Issuer, the Trustee, the Agents or any Dealer will be responsible for any performance by Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or Euroclear or their respective direct or indirect participants or accountholders of their 
respective obligations under the rules and procedures governing their operations and none of them will have 
any liability for any aspect of the records relating to or payments made on account of beneficial interests in the

--- Page 169 ---
160 
 
 
 
 
Notes represented by Registered Global Notes or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records 
relating to such beneficial interests.

--- Page 170 ---
161 
 
 
 
 
TAXATION  
The statements herein regarding taxation are based on the laws in force and published practices of tax 
authorities issued as at the date of this Offering Circular and are subject to any changes in law occurring 
after such date, which changes could be made also on a retroactive basis. The following does not purport to 
be a comprehensive description of all the tax considerations which may be relevant to a decision to subscribe 
for, purchase, own or dispose of the Notes and does not purport to deal with the tax consequences applicable 
to all categories of investors, some of which (such as dealers in securities or commodities) may be subject to 
special rules.   
Prospective purchasers of the Notes are advised to consult their own tax advisers concerning the overall tax 
consequences of their acquiring, holding and disposing of the Notes, including, without limitation, the tax 
consequences of receiving payments of interest, principal or other amounts under the Notes. 
This overview will not be updated to reflect changes in laws and if such a change occurs the information in 
this overview could become invalid. 
In any case, Italian legal or tax concepts may not be identical to the concepts described by the same English 
term as they exist under terms of different jurisdictions and any legal or tax concept expressed by using the 
relevant Italian term shall prevail over the corresponding concept expressed in English terms. 
REPUBLIC OF ITALY 
Italian tax treatment of proceeds payable under the securities 
As clarified by the Italian tax authorities in Resolution No. 72/E of 12 July 2010, the Italian tax consequences 
of the purchase, ownership and disposal of securities may be different depending on whether: 
(a) 
they represent a securitised debt claim, implying a static "use of capital" (impiego di capitale), 
through which the subscriber of the securities transfers to the Issuer a certain amount of capital for the 
purpose of obtaining a remuneration on the same capital and subject to the right to obtain its (partial 
or entire) reimbursement at maturity; or 
(b) 
they represent a securitised derivative financial instrument or bundle of derivative financial 
instruments not entailing a "use of capital" (impiego di capitale), through which the subscriber of the 
securities invests indirectly in underlying financial instruments for the purpose of obtaining a profit 
deriving from the negotiation of such underlying financial instruments. 
Tax Treatment of Interest and proceeds payable under the Notes qualifying as bonds or debentures similar 
to bonds 
Decree 239 sets forth the Italian tax regime applicable to interest, premium and other income (including the 
difference between the redemption amount and the issue price, hereinafter collectively referred to as 
“Interest”) from notes that are issued, inter alia, by: 
(a) 
joint-stock corporations that are resident in Italy for tax purposes and whose shares are admitted to 
trading on a regulated market or on a multilateral trading facility of (i) an EU Member State, or (ii) a 
State that is a party to the European Economic Area Agreement (“EEA State”) and is included in the 
list of countries and territories that allow an adequate exchange of information as contained (I) as at 
the date of this Offering Circular in the Decree of the Ministry of Economy and Finance of 4 
September 1996, as subsequently amended and restated, including the amendments enacted by the 
Decree of the Ministry of Economy and Finance of 9 August 2016, published in the Official Gazette 
on 22 August 2016 (“White List”), or (II) once effective in any other decree or regulation that may be 
issued in the future under the authority of Article 11(4)(c) of Decree 239 to provide the list of such 
countries and territories (“New White List”), including any country or territory that will be deemed 
listed therein for the purpose of any interim rule;

--- Page 171 ---
162 
 
 
 
 
(b) 
other companies that are resident for tax purposes in Italy if the notes are admitted to trading on a 
regulated market or on a multilateral trading facility of (i) an EU Member State, or (ii) an EEA State 
that is included in the White List (or in the New White List once this is effective); or 
(c) 
subscribed, transferred to and held by qualified investors (as defined under Article 100 of Decree 58, 
as amended) only,  
provided that the notes fall within the category of bonds (obbligazioni) or bond-like securities (titoli similari 
alle obbligazioni). 
For these purposes, under Article 44(2)(c) of Presidential Decree No. 917 of 22 December 1986 (“Decree 
917”), bonds and bond-like securities (titoli similari alle obbligazioni) are securities that: 
(a) 
incorporate an unconditional obligation for the Issuer to pay, at maturity (or at any earlier full 
redemption of the securities), an amount not lower than their nominal/par value/principal; 
(b) 
do not grant the holder any direct or indirect right of participation in (or control on) the management 
of the Issuer or of the business in connection with which these securities are issued; and 
(c) 
do not provide for a remuneration which is entirely linked to the profits of the Issuer, or other 
companies belonging to the same group or to the business in respect of which the securities have been 
issued. 
Italian resident Noteholders 
Where an Italian resident beneficial owner of the Notes (a “Noteholder”) is: 
(a) 
an individual not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes are connected; 
(b) 
a partnership (other than a società in nome collettivo or società in accomandita semplice or similar 
partnership) or a de facto partnership not carrying out commercial activities; 
(c) 
a non-commercial private or public entity (other than companies), a trust not carrying out mainly or 
exclusively commercial activities or the Italian State or other pubic and territorial entity; or 
(d) 
an investor exempt from Italian corporate income tax, 
then Interest derived from the Notes, and accrued during the relevant holding period, is subject to a tax 
withheld at source (imposta sostitutiva) levied at the rate of 26 per cent. (either when Interest is paid or when 
payment thereof is obtained by the holder upon disposal of the Notes), unless the relevant Noteholder holds 
the Notes in a discretionary investment portfolio managed by an authorised intermediary and, if meeting the 
relevant conditions, has validly opted for the application of the “Risparmio Gestito” regime provided for by 
Article 7 of Legislative Decree No. 461 of 21 November 1997 (“Decree 461”).  In such latter case the 
Noteholder is subject to a 26 per cent. annual substitute tax on the increase in value of the managed assets 
accrued at the end of each fiscal year (which increase would include Interest accrued on the Notes).  The 
substitute tax is applied on behalf of the taxpayer by the managing authorised intermediary.  For more 
information, see also “Tax Treatment of Capital Gains” below. 
Subject to certain conditions (including minimum holding period requirement) and limitations, Interest 
relating to the Notes may be exempt from any income taxation (including from the 26 per cent. imposta 
sostitutiva) if the Noteholders are Italian resident individuals not engaged in entrepreneurial activity or social 
security entities pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 
February 1996 and the Notes are included in a long-term savings account (piano di risparmio a lungo termine) 
that meets all the requirements from time to time applicable as set forth under Italian law. 
Noteholders Engaged in an Entrepreneurial Activity  
In the event that the Italian resident Noteholders described under clauses (a) to (c) above are engaged in an 
entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes are connected, the imposta sostitutiva applies as a provisional tax.  
Interest will be subject to imposta sostitutiva on a provisional basis and will then be included in the relevant

--- Page 172 ---
163 
 
 
 
 
beneficial owner’s income tax return.  As a consequence, Interest will be subject to the ordinary income tax 
and imposta sostitutiva may be recovered as a credit that can be offset against the income tax due. 
If a Noteholder is an Italian resident company or similar commercial entity, a business partnership, or a 
permanent establishment in Italy of a non-resident company to which the Notes are effectively connected, and 
the Notes are deposited with an Intermediary (as defined below), Interest from the Notes will not be subject to 
imposta sostitutiva.  Interest must, however, be included in the relevant Noteholder’s income tax return and is 
therefore subject to general Italian corporate income tax (“IRES”) and, in certain circumstances, depending 
on the “status” of the Noteholder, also to the regional tax on productive activities (“IRAP”). 
Italian Real Estate Alternative Investment Funds (Real Estate Investment Funds and Real Estate SICAFs) 
Under Law Decree No. 351 of 25 September 2001 (“Decree 351”), converted into law with amendments by 
Law No. 410 of 23 November 2001, Article 32 of Law Decree No. 78 of 31 May 2010, converted into law 
with amendments by Law No. 122 of 30 July 2010, and Article 2(1)(c) of Decree 239, payments of Interest 
deriving from the Notes to Italian resident real estate investment funds are subject neither to imposta 
sostitutiva nor to any other income tax in the hands of the Italian real estate investment fund, provided that the 
Notes, together with the relevant coupons, are timely deposited with an Intermediary (as defined below).  
However, a withholding tax or a substitute tax at the rate of 26 per cent. will generally apply to income 
realised by unitholders in the event of distributions, redemption or sale of the units. 
Subject to certain conditions, income realised by Italian real estate investment funds is attributed pro rata to 
the Italian resident unitholders irrespective of any actual distribution on a tax transparency basis. 
Under Article 9 of Legislative Decree No. 44 of 4 March 2014 (“Decree 44”), the above regime applies also 
to Interest payments made to closed-ended real estate investment companies (società di investimento a 
capitale fisso immobiliari, or “Real Estate SICAFs”) which meet the requirements expressly provided by 
applicable law. 
Undertakings for Collective Investment (Funds, SICAFs and SICAVs) 
If an Italian resident Noteholder is an open-ended or a closed-ended collective investment fund (“Fund”) 
other than a real estate investment fund, a closed-ended investment company (società di investimento a 
capitale fisso, or “SICAF”) other than a Real Estate SICAF or an open-ended investment company (società di 
investimento a capitale variabile, or “SICAV”) established in Italy and either (i) the Fund, the SICAF or the 
SICAV or (ii) their manager is subject to supervision by the competent regulatory authority and the Notes are 
deposited with an Intermediary (as defined below), Interest accrued during the holding period on the Notes 
will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva.  Interest must, however, be included in the management results of 
the Fund, the SICAF or the SICAV accrued at the end of each tax period.  The Fund, the SICAF or the SICAV 
will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva, but a withholding tax of 26 per cent. will be levied, in certain 
circumstances, on proceeds distributed in favour of unitholders or shareholders by the Fund, the SICAF or the 
SICAV or in case of redemption or sale of the units or shares in the Fund, the SICAF or the SICAV. 
Pension Funds  
If an Italian resident Noteholder is a pension fund (subject to the regime provided for by Article 17 of 
Legislative Decree No. 252 of 5 December 2005) and the Notes are deposited with an Intermediary (as 
defined below), Interest relating to the Notes and accrued during the holding period will not be subject to 
imposta sostitutiva, but must be included in the result of the pension fund as calculated at the end of the tax 
period, which will be subject to a 20 per cent. substitute tax.  Subject to certain conditions (including 
minimum holding period requirement) and limitations, interest, premium and other income relating to the 
Notes may be excluded from the taxable base of the 20 per cent. substitute tax if the Notes are included in a 
long-term savings account (piano di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements from time to time 
applicable as set forth under Italian law.

--- Page 173 ---
164 
 
 
 
 
Application of Imposta Sostitutiva 
Under Decree 239, imposta sostitutiva is applied by banks, società di intermediazione mobiliare (“SIM”), 
fiduciary companies, società di gestione del risparmio (“SGR”), stockbrokers and other entities identified by 
a decree of the Ministry of Economy and Finance (each, an “Intermediary”). 
An Intermediary must (a) be resident in the Republic of Italy or be a permanent establishment in the Republic 
of Italy of a non-Italian resident financial intermediary or an organisation or a company not resident in the 
Republic of Italy, acting through a system of centralised administration of securities and directly connected 
with the Department of Revenue of the Ministry of Economy and Finance (which includes Euroclear and 
Clearstream) having appointed an Italian representative for the purposes of Decree 239, and (b) intervene, in 
any way, in the collection of interest or in the transfer of the Notes.  For the purpose of the application of the 
imposta sostitutiva, a transfer of Notes includes any assignment or other act, either with or without 
consideration, which results in a change of the ownership of the relevant Notes or in a change of the 
Intermediary with which the Notes are deposited.  If the Notes are not deposited with an Intermediary, the 
imposta sostitutiva is applied and withheld by any Italian financial intermediary (or permanent establishment 
in Italy of a non-resident financial intermediary) paying Interest to a Noteholder or, absent that, by the Issuer 
and gross recipients that are Italian resident corporations or permanent establishments in Italy of foreign 
corporations to which the Notes are effectively connected are entitled to deduct the suffered imposta 
sostitutiva from income taxes due. 
Non-Italian Resident Noteholders 
If the Noteholder is a non-Italian resident without a permanent establishment in the Republic of Italy to which 
the Notes are effectively connected, an exemption from the imposta sostitutiva applies provided that the non-
Italian resident beneficial owner (certain types of institutional investors are deemed to be beneficial owners by 
operation of law) is: 
(a) 
resident, for tax purposes, in a country which is included in the White List (or in the New White List 
once this is effective); or 
(b) 
an international body or entity set up in accordance with international agreements which have entered 
into force in the Republic of Italy; or 
(c) 
a central bank or an entity which manages, inter alia, official reserves of a foreign State (including 
sovereign wealth funds); or 
(d) 
an “institutional investor”, whether or not subject to tax, which is established in a country included in 
the White List (or in the New White List once this is effective), even if it does not possess the status 
of a taxpayer in its own country of establishment. 
In order to ensure gross payment, non-Italian resident Noteholders without a permanent establishment in the 
Republic of Italy to which the Notes are effectively connected must be the beneficial owners of the payments 
of Interest (certain types of institutional investors are deemed to be beneficial owners by operation of law) and 
must: 
(a) 
deposit the Notes in due time together with the coupons relating to such Notes, directly or indirectly, 
with an resident bank or SIM, or a permanent establishment in Italy of a non-Italian resident bank or 
SIM, or with a non-Italian resident entity participating in a centralised securities management system 
which is in contact via computer with the Ministry of Economy and Finance having appointed an 
Italian representative for the purposes of Decree 239 (Euroclear and Clearstream qualify as such latter 
kind of depositary); and 
(b) 
file with the relevant depository a statement (autocertificazione) in due time stating, inter alia, that he 
or she is resident, for tax purposes, in one of the countries included in the White List. This affidavit, 
which is required neither for international bodies or entities set up in accordance with international 
agreements that have entered into force in Italy nor for foreign central banks or entities which 
manage, inter alia, official reserves of a foreign State, must comply with the requirements set forth by 
the Italian Ministerial Decree of 12 December 2001 and is valid until withdrawn or revoked (unless

--- Page 174 ---
165 
 
 
 
 
some information provided therein has changed).  The affidavit need not be submitted if a certificate, 
declaration or other similar document for the same or equivalent purposes was previously submitted 
to the same depository. 
The imposta sostitutiva will be applicable at the rate of 26 per cent. to Interest paid to Noteholders who do not 
qualify for the exemption or do not timely and properly comply with set requirements. 
Noteholders who are subject to the imposta sostitutiva might, nevertheless, be eligible for full or partial relief 
under an applicable tax treaty, provided that the relevant conditions are satisfied (including documentary 
fulfilments). 
Atypical securities 
Interest payments relating to Notes that are not deemed to be bonds (obbligazioni) or debentures similar to 
bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni) under Article 44 of Decree. 917 and qualify as titoli atipici (“atypical 
securities”) pursuant to Article 5 of Law Decree No. 512 of 30 September 1983, as amended, may be subject 
to a withholding tax, levied at the rate of 26 per cent. 
Where the holder of the Notes is (a) an Italian individual engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the 
Notes are connected, (b) an Italian company or a similar Italian commercial entity, (c) a permanent 
establishment in Italy of a foreign entity, (d) an Italian commercial partnership or (e) an Italian commercial 
private or public institution, such withholding tax is a provisional withholding tax.  In all other cases the 
withholding tax is a final withholding tax.  For non-Italian resident holders of the Notes, the withholding tax 
rate may be reduced by any applicable tax treaty (to the extent the conditions for its application are met). 
Tax Treatment of Capital Gains  
Italian Resident (and Italian Permanent Establishment) Noteholders  
Noteholders Not Engaged in an Entrepreneurial Activity 
If an Italian resident Noteholder is (i) an individual not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the 
Notes are connected, (ii) a non-commercial partnership, (other than a società in nome collettivo or a società in 
accomandita semplice or a similar partnership) or a de facto partnership not carrying out commercial activities 
(iii) a non-commercial private or public entity (other than a company), a trust not carrying out mainly or 
exclusively commercial activities, any capital gain realised by such Noteholder from the sale or redemption of 
the Notes would be subject to a capital gain tax (“CGT”), levied at the rate of 26 per cent.  Under certain 
conditions Noteholders may set off any losses against their capital gains subject to certain conditions. 
In respect of the application of CGT, taxpayers may opt for any of the three regimes described below. 
(a) 
Under the tax declaration regime (regime della dichiarazione), which is the default regime for Italian 
resident Noteholders under (i) to (iii) above, CGT on capital gains will be chargeable, on a yearly 
cumulative basis, on all capital gains (net of any incurred capital loss) realised by the Italian resident 
individual Noteholder holding the Notes.  In this instance, “capital gains” means any capital gain not 
connected with an entrepreneurial activity pursuant to all sales or redemptions of the Notes carried out 
during any given fiscal year.  The relevant Noteholders must indicate the overall capital gains realised 
in any fiscal year, net of any relevant incurred capital loss of the same kind, in the annual tax return 
and pay CGT on such gains together with any balance income tax due for such year.  Capital losses in 
excess of capital gains may be carried forward and offset against capital gains realised in any of the 
four following fiscal years.

--- Page 175 ---
166 
 
 
 
 
(b) 
As an alternative to the tax declaration regime, Italian resident Noteholders under (i) to (iii) holding 
the Notes not in connection with an entrepreneurial activity may elect to pay CGT separately on 
capital gains realised on each sale or redemption of the Notes (nondiscretionary investment portfolio 
regime, “regime del risparmio amministrato” provided for by article 6 of Decree 461) (optional).  
Such separate taxation of capital gains is allowed subject to: 
(i) 
the Notes being deposited with Italian banks, SIMs or certain authorised financial 
intermediaries (including permanent establishments in Italy of non-resident intermediaries); 
and 
(ii) 
an express election for the nondiscretionary investment portfolio regime being timely made in 
writing by the relevant Noteholder. 
The depository must account for CGT in respect of capital gains realised on each sale or redemption 
of the Notes (as well as in respect of capital gains realised upon the revocation of its mandate), net of 
any incurred capital loss.  The depository must also pay CGT to the Italian tax authorities on behalf of 
the Noteholder, deducting a corresponding amount from the proceeds to be credited to the Noteholder 
or using funds provided by the Noteholder for this purpose.  Under the nondiscretionary investment 
portfolio regime, any possible capital loss resulting from a sale or redemption of the Notes may be 
deducted from capital gains subsequently realised, within the same securities management, in the 
same fiscal year or in the following fiscal years up to the fourth.  Under the nondiscretionary 
investment portfolio regime, the Noteholder is not required to declare the capital gains / losses in the 
annual tax return.   
(c) 
Under the discretionary investment portfolio regime (regime del risparmio gestito provided for by 
Article 7 of Decree 461) (optional), any capital gains realised by Italian Noteholders under (i) to (iii) 
above holding the Notes not in connection with an entrepreneurial activity who have entrusted the 
management of their financial assets (including the Notes) to an authorised intermediary will be 
included in the computation of the annual increase in value of the managed assets accrued, even if not 
realised, at year end, subject to a 26 per cent. substitute tax, to be paid by the managing authorised 
intermediary.  Any decrease in value of the managed assets accrued at the year-end may be carried 
forward and offset against any increase in value of the managed assets accrued in any of the four 
following fiscal years.  The Noteholder is not required to declare the capital gains realised in the 
annual tax return. 
Subject to certain conditions (including minimum holding period requirement) and limitations, capital gains 
on the Notes may be exempt from any income taxation (including from the 26 per cent. CGT) if the 
Noteholders are Italian resident individuals not engaged in entrepreneurial activity or social security entities 
pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 
and the Notes are included in a long-term savings account (piano di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets all 
the requirements from time to time applicable as set forth under Italian law. 
Noteholders Engaged in an Entrepreneurial Activity 
Any gain realised upon the sale or the redemption of the Notes would be treated as part of the taxable business 
income (and, in certain circumstances, depending on the “status” of the Noteholder, also as part of the net 
value of the production for IRAP purposes) if realised by an Italian company, a similar commercial entity 
(including the Italian permanent establishment of non-resident entities to which the Notes are connected), a 
commercial partnership or an Italian resident individual engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the 
Notes are connected. 
Italian Real Estate Alternative Investment Funds (Real Estate Investment Funds and Real Estate SICAFs) 
Any capital gains realised by a Noteholder which is an Italian real estate investment fund or an Italian Real 
Estate SICAF to which the provisions of Decree 351 or Decree 44 apply will be subject neither to CGT nor to 
any other income tax at the level of the real estate investment fund or the Real Estate SICAF (see “Tax 
Treatment of Interest and proceeds payable under the Notes qualifying as bonds or debentures similar to 
bonds”).  However a withholding tax or a substitute tax at the rate of 26 per cent. will generally apply to 
income realised by unitholders/shareholders in the event of distributions, redemption or sale of units / shares.

--- Page 176 ---
167 
 
 
 
 
Subject to certain conditions, income realised by Italian real estate investment Italian real estate investment 
fund or an Italian Real Estate SICAF is attributed pro rata to the Italian resident unitholders irrespective of any 
actual distribution on a tax transparency basis. 
Undertakings for Collective Investment (Funds, SICAFs and SICAVs) 
Any capital gains realised by a Noteholder which is a Fund, a SICAF (other than a Real Estate SICAF) or a 
SICAV will not be subject to CGT but will be included in the result of the relevant portfolio accrued at the 
end of the relevant fiscal year.  Such result will not be taxed at the level of the Fund, the SICAF or the 
SICAV, but income realised by the unitholders or shareholders in case of distributions, redemption or sale of 
the units / shares may be subject to a withholding tax of 26 per cent. (see “Tax Treatment of Interest and 
proceeds payable under the Notes qualifying as bonds or debentures similar to bonds”). 
Pension Funds 
Any capital gains realised by a Noteholder that is an Italian pension fund (subject to the regime provided for 
by Article 17 of Decree 252 of 5 December 2005) will be included in the result of the pension fund as 
calculated at the end of the fiscal year, to be subject to a 20 per cent. substitute tax Subject to certain 
conditions (including minimum holding period requirement) and limitations, capital gains on the Notes may 
be excluded from the taxable base of the 20 per cent. substitute tax if the Notes are included in a long-term 
savings account (piano di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements from time to time applicable 
as set forth under Italian law. 
Non-Italian Resident Noteholders 
Capital gains realised by non-Italian resident Noteholders without a permanent establishment in the Republic 
of Italy to which the Notes are effectively connected upon the sale or the redemption of Notes issued by an 
Italian resident issuer and traded on regulated markets are subject neither to CGT nor to any other Italian 
income tax.  The exemption applies provided that the non-Italian resident Noteholders file in due course with 
the authorised financial intermediary an appropriate affidavit (autocertificazione) stating that the Noteholder 
is not resident in the Republic of Italy for tax purposes and has no permanent establishment in Italy to which 
the Notes are effectively connected.  
The Italian tax authorities have clarified that the notion of multilateral trading facility (MTF) under EU 
Directive 2014/65/CE (so called MiFID II) can be assimilated to that of “regulated market” for income tax 
purposes; conversely, organized trading facilities (OTF) cannot be assimilated to “regulated market” for 
Italian income tax purposes. 
Capital gains realised by non-Italian resident Noteholders without a permanent establishment in the Republic 
of Italy to which the Notes are effectively connected upon the sale or the redemption of Notes issued by an 
Italian resident issuer not traded on regulated markets are not subject to CGT, provided that the beneficial 
owner (certain types of institutional investors are deemed to be beneficial owners by operation of law) is: 
(a) 
resident in a country included in the White List (or in the New White List once this is effective); 
(b) 
an international entity or body set up in accordance with international agreements which have entered 
into force in the Republic of Italy; 
(c) 
a central Bank or an entity which manages, inter alia, the official reserves of a foreign State (including 
sovereign wealth funds); or 
(d) 
an “institutional investor”, whether or not subject to tax, which is established in a country included in 
the White List (or in the New White List once this is effective), even if it does not possess the status 
of a taxpayer in its own country of establishment, 
in any case, to the extent all the requirements and procedures set forth in Decree 239 and in the relevant 
implementation rules, as subsequently amended, in order to benefit from the exemption from imposta 
sostitutiva are met or complied with in due time, if applicable.  In this case, if the non-Italian resident 
Noteholders have opted for the risparmio amministrato regime or the Asset Management Regime, exemption 
from Italian capital gains tax will apply upon condition that they file in due course with the authorised

--- Page 177 ---
168 
 
 
 
 
financial intermediary an appropriate self-declaration (autocertificazione) stating that they meet the 
requirements indicated above. 
If none of the conditions above is met, capital gains realised by non-Italian resident Noteholders without a 
permanent establishment in the Republic of Italy to which the Notes are effectively connected upon the sale or 
the redemption of Notes issued by an Italian resident issuer and not traded on regulated markets may be 
subject to CGT at the current rate of 26 per cent.  However, Noteholders may benefit from an applicable tax 
treaty with the Republic of Italy providing that capital gains realised upon the sale or the redemption of the 
Notes may be taxed only in the country of residence of the transferor. 
Tax treatment of derivative financial instruments 
Based on the principles stated by the Italian tax authorities in Resolution No. 72/E of 12 July 2010, payments 
in respect of Notes qualifying as securitised derivative financial instruments not entailing a "use of capital" 
(impiego di capitale) as well as capital gains realised through the sale of the same Notes would be subject to 
Italian taxation according to the same rules described under the section headed "Capital gains tax" above. 
Fungible issues for Notes qualifying as qualifying as bonds or debentures similar to bonds 
Pursuant to Article 11(2) of Decree 239, where the Issuer issues a new tranche of notes forming part of a 
single series with a previous tranche of notes, for the purposes of calculating the amount of Interest subject to 
imposta sostitutiva (if any), the issue price of the new tranche of notes will be deemed to be the same as the 
issue price of the original tranche of notes. This rule applies where (a) the new tranche of notes is issued 
within 12 months from the issue date of the previous tranche of notes and (b) the difference between the issue 
price of the new tranche of notes and that of the original tranche of notes does not exceed 1 per cent. of the 
nominal value of the Notes multiplied by the number of years of the duration of the Notes. 
Italian Inheritance and Gift Tax 
Subject to certain exceptions, Italian inheritance and gift tax is generally payable on transfers of assets and 
rights, including the Notes, (i) by reason of death or gift by Italian resident persons (or other transfers for no 
consideration and the creation of liens on such assets for a specific purpose, including the segregation of 
assets into a trust), even if the transferred assets are held outside Italy, and (ii) by reason of death or gift by 
non-Italian resident persons (or other transfers for no consideration and the creation of liens on such assets for 
a specific purpose, including the segregation of assets into a trust), but only if the transferred assets are held in 
Italy. 
In such event, Italian inheritance and gift tax applies as follows: 
(a) 
at a rate of 4 per cent. in case of transfers in favour of the spouse or relatives in direct line on the 
portion of the global net value of the transferred assets exceeding, for each beneficiary, €1,000,000; 
(b) 
at a rate of 6 per cent. in case of transfers in favour of relatives up to the fourth degree or relatives in-
law up to the third degree on the entire value of the transferred assets.  Transfers in favour of brothers 
/ sisters are subject to the 6 per cent. inheritance and gift tax on the value of the transferred assets 
exceeding, for each beneficiary, €100,000; and 
(c) 
at a rate of 8 per cent. in any other case. 
If the beneficiary of any such transfer is a disabled individual, whose handicap is recognised under Law No. 
104 of 5 February 1992, the tax is applied only on the value of the assets (including the Notes) received in 
excess of €1,500,000 at the rates illustrated above, depending on the type of relationship existing between the 
deceased or the donor and the beneficiary. 
With respect to Notes listed on a regulated market, the value for inheritance and gift tax purposes is the 
average trading price of the last quarter preceding the date of the succession or of the gift (including any 
accrued interest). The transfer of financial instruments (including the Notes) as a result of death is exempt 
from inheritance tax when such financial instruments are included in a long-term savings account (piano di

--- Page 178 ---
169 
 
 
 
 
risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements from time to time applicable as set forth under Italian 
law. 
Transfer Tax 
Contracts relating to the transfer of securities are subject to a €200 registration tax as follows:  (i) public deeds 
and private deeds with notarized signatures (atti pubblici e scritture private autenticate) are subject to 
mandatory registration; and (ii) private deeds (scritture private non autenticate) are subject to registration 
only in the case of voluntary registration (registrazione volontaria), upon occurrence of an “explicit 
reference” (enunciazione) or if the so-called “caso d’uso” occurs. 
Stamp Duty 
Under Article 13(2bis-2ter) of Presidential Decree No. 642 of 26 October 1972 (“Decree 642”), a 0.20 per 
cent. stamp duty generally applies on communications and reports that Italian financial intermediaries 
periodically send to their clients in relation to the financial products that are deposited with such 
intermediaries in Italy.  The Notes are included in the definition of financial products for these purposes.  
Communications and reports are deemed to be sent at least once a year even if the Italian financial 
intermediary is under no obligation to either draft or send such communications and reports. In case of 
reporting periods of less than 12 months, the stamp duty is payable on a pro-rata basis. 
The stamp duty cannot exceed €14,000.00 for Noteholders other than individuals. 
Based on the wording of the law and the implementing decree issued by the Italian Ministry of Economy and 
Finance on 24 May 2012, the 0.20 per cent. stamp duty does not apply to communications and reports that the 
Italian financial intermediaries send to investors who do not qualify as “clients” according to the regulations 
issued by the Bank of Italy.  Communications and reports sent to this type of investors are subject to the 
ordinary €2.00 stamp duty for each copy. 
The taxable base of the stamp duty is the market value or, in the lack thereof, the nominal value or the 
redemption amount of any financial product or in the case the face or redemption values cannot be 
determined, on the basis of purchase value of the financial assets held. 
Stamp duty applies both to Italian resident and to non-Italian resident investors, to the extent that the relevant 
securities (including the Notes) are held with an Italian-based financial intermediary (and not directly held by 
the investor outside Italy), in which case Italian wealth tax (see below under “Wealth tax on financial products 
held abroad”) applies to Italian resident Noteholders only. 
Wealth Tax on Financial Products Held Abroad 
Under Article 19(18) of Law Decree No. 201 of 6 December 2011, resident individuals non-commercial 
entities and certain partnerships (società semplici or similar partnerships in accordance with Article 5 of 
Decree No. 917) resident in Italy for tax purposes holding financial products – including the Notes – outside 
the Republic of Italy are required to declare in its own annual tax return and pay a wealth tax at the rate of 0.2 
per cent (IFAVE). For taxpayers other than individuals, IVAFE cannot exceed Euro 14,000 per year. 
The tax is determined in proportion to the period of ownership.  This tax is calculated on the market value at 
the end of the relevant year (or, in the lack thereof, on the nominal value or redemption value, or in the case 
the face or redemption values cannot be determined, on the purchase price of any financial product (including 
the Notes) held abroad of Italy).  If the financial products are no longer held on 31 December of the relevant 
year, reference is made to the value in the period of ownership.  A tax credit is generally granted for foreign 
wealth taxes levied abroad on such financial products.  The tax credit cannot be greater than the amount of the 
Italian tax due.  
Financial assets (including the Notes) held abroad are excluded from the scope of IVAFE if they are 
administered by Italian financial intermediaries pursuant to an administration agreement and the items of 
income derived from the such instruments have been subject to tax by the same intermediaries. In this case, 
the above mentioned stamp duty provided for by Article 13 of the Tariff attached to Decree 642 does apply.

--- Page 179 ---
170 
 
 
 
 
Certain Reporting Obligations for Italian Resident Noteholders 
Under Law Decree No. 167 of 28 June 1990, as subsequently amended and supplemented, individuals, non- 
commercial entities and non-commercial partnerships that are resident in Italy and, during the fiscal year, hold 
investments abroad or have financial assets abroad (including possibly the Notes) must, in certain 
circumstances, disclose these investments or financial assets to the Italian tax authorities in their income tax 
return (or, in case the income tax return is not due, in a proper form that must be filed within the same time as 
prescribed for the income tax return), regardless of the value of such assets (save for deposits or bank accounts 
having an aggregate value not exceeding €15,000 threshold throughout the year, which per se do not require 
such disclosure).  The requirement applies also where the persons above, being not the direct holder of the 
financial assets, are the actual economic owners thereof for the purposes of anti-money laundering legislation. 
No disclosure requirements exist for investments and financial assets (including the Notes) under management 
or administration entrusted to Italian resident intermediaries (Italian banks, SIMs, fiduciary companies or 
other professional intermediaries, indicated in Article 1 of Law Decree No. 167 of 28 June 1990) and for 
contracts concluded through their intervention, provided that the cash flows and the income derived from such 
activities and contracts have been subjected to Italian withholding or substitute tax by the such intermediaries. 
The proposed European financial transactions tax (“EU FTT”) 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published its detailed proposal for a common financial 
transaction tax (“FTT”) in Austria, Belgium, Estonia, France, Germany, Greece, Italy, Portugal, Slovenia, 
Slovakia and Spain (the “FTT Member States”).  However, Estonia has since stated that it will not 
participate. 
The proposed FTT has very broad scope and, if introduced in its current form, could apply to certain dealings 
in the Notes (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances.  The issuance and 
subscription of Notes should, however, be exempt. 
Under current proposals the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and outside of 
the FTT Member States.  Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the Notes where at least one party is 
a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a FTT Member State.  A financial institution may 
be, or be deemed to be, “established” in a FTT Member State in a broad range of circumstances, including (a) 
by transacting with a person established in a FTT Member State or (b) where the financial instrument which is 
subject to the dealings is issued in a FTT Member State. 
The FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between the participating Member States.  Additional EU 
Member States may decide to participate, although certain other Member States have expressed strong 
objections to the proposal.  The FTT proposal may therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the 
timing of which remains unclear.   
Prospective holders of Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT.

--- Page 180 ---
171 
 
 
 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
Notes may be sold from time to time by the Issuer to any one or more of the Dealers.  The arrangements under 
which Notes may from time to time be agreed to be sold by the Issuer to, and purchased by, Dealers are set 
out in a Dealer Agreement dated on or about the date hereof (the “Dealer Agreement”) and made between the 
Issuer and the Dealers.  Any such agreement will, inter alia, make provision for the form and terms and 
conditions of the relevant Notes, the price at which such Notes will be purchased by the Dealers and the 
commissions or other agreed deductibles (if any) payable or allowable by the Issuer in respect of such 
purchase.  The Dealer Agreement makes provision for the resignation or termination of appointment of the 
existing Dealers and for the appointment of additional or other Dealers either generally in respect of the 
Programme or in relation to a particular Tranche of Notes. 
Selling Restrictions 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell 
or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Offering 
Circular as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic 
Area. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
“MiFID II”); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, as amended (the “Insurance 
Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. 
(b) 
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or the securities laws of any state 
or other jurisdiction of the United States and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for 
the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt from or not subject to the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
The Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the 
United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by 
U.S. Treasury regulations.  Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 and Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it will not offer, sell or deliver Notes (i) as part of their distribution at any 
time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution of all Notes of the Tranche of 
which such Notes are a part, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons.  
Each Dealer has further agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
agree, that it will send to each dealer to which it sells any Notes during the distribution compliance period a 
confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the 
United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons.  Terms used in this paragraph have the 
meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act.

--- Page 181 ---
172 
 
 
 
 
Until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of Notes, an offer or sale of such Notes 
within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance with 
an available exemption from registration under the Securities Act. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell 
or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Offering 
Circular as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(“EUWA”); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
(b) 
the expression “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
Other Regulatory Restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that: 
(i) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person whose ordinary 
activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or 
agent) for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any 
Notes other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is 
reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for 
the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a 
contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer; 
(ii) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
Section 21 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the “FSMA”)) received by it in 
connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA 
does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(iii) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
France 
Each of the Dealers and the Issuer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree that it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell, 
directly or indirectly, Notes to the public in France, and it has not distributed or caused to be distributed and 
will not distribute or cause to be distributed to the public in France, this Offering Circular, the relevant Final

--- Page 182 ---
173 
 
 
 
 
Terms or any other offering material relating to the Notes, except to qualiﬁed investors (investisseurs 
qualifiés) as deﬁned in, and in accordance with, Article 2(e) of the Prospectus Regulation and Articles L.411-1 
and L.411-2 of the French Code monétaire et financier. 
Republic of Italy 
The offering of the Notes has not been registered with the Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa 
(“CONSOB”) pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, accordingly, no Notes may be offered, sold or 
delivered, nor may copies of this Offering Circular or of any other document relating to any Notes be 
distributed in the Republic of Italy, except: 
(i) 
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined pursuant to Article 2, letter e) of the 
Prospectus Regulation and any applicable provision of Legislative Decree No. 58 of 
24 February 1998, as amended (the “Financial Services Act”) and Italian CONSOB regulations; or 
(ii) 
in any other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to 
Article 1 of the Prospectus Regulation, Article 34-ter of CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 
1999, as amended from time to time, and any other applicable Italian laws and regulations. 
Any such offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of this Offering Circular or any other 
document relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy must be in compliance with the selling restrictions 
under (i) and (ii) above and: 
(a) 
be made by investment firms, banks or financial intermediaries permitted to conduct such activities in 
the Republic of Italy in accordance with the relevant provisions of the Financial Services Act, 
CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 2018 (as amended from time to time) and Legislative 
Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as amended (the “Banking Act”) and any other applicable laws 
or regulations; and 
(b) 
comply with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirements imposed by CONSOB, the 
Bank of Italy or any other Italian authority (including, without limitation, Article 129 of the Banking 
Act and the implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy, as amended from time to time, pursuant to 
which the Bank of Italy may request information on the offering or issue of securities in Italy or by 
Italian persons outside of Italy). 
Canada 
The Notes may be sold only to purchasers purchasing, or deemed to be purchasing, as principal that are 
accredited investors, as defined in National Instrument 45 106 Prospectus Exemptions or subsection 73.3(1) of 
the Securities Act (Ontario), and are permitted clients, as defined in National Instrument 31 103 Registration 
Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations. Any resale of Notes must be made in 
accordance with an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the prospectus requirements of 
applicable securities laws. 
Securities legislation in certain provinces or territories of Canada may provide a purchaser with remedies for 
rescission or damages if this Offering Circular (including any amendment thereto) contains a 
misrepresentation, provided that the remedies for rescission or damages are exercised by the purchaser within 
the time limit prescribed by the securities legislation of the purchaser’s province or territory. The purchaser 
should refer to any applicable provisions of the securities legislation of the purchaser’s province or territory 
for particulars of these rights or consult with a legal adviser. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of 
Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the “FIEA”) and each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that it has not, directly or indirectly, 
offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, 
any resident of Japan (which term as used herein means any person resident in Japan, including any 
corporation or other entity organised under the laws of Japan), or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or

--- Page 183 ---
174 
 
 
 
 
indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan except pursuant to an exemption from the 
registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and other relevant laws and 
regulations of Japan. 
Hong-Kong 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any document, any 
Notes other than (i) to persons whose ordinary business is to buy or sell shares or debentures (whether 
as principal or agent); or (ii) to “professional investors” as defined in the Securities and Futures 
Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong (“SFO”)  and any rules made under the SFO; or (iii) in other 
circumstances which do not result in the document being a “prospectus” as defined in the Companies 
(Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong (the “CWUMPO”) 
or which do not constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of the CWUMPO; and 
(b) 
it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or have in its 
possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any advertisement, 
invitation or document relating to the Notes, which is directed at, or the contents of which are likely to 
be accessed or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the securities 
laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to Notes which are or are intended to be disposed of only 
to persons outside Hong Kong or only to “professional investors” as defined in the SFO and any rules 
made under the SFO. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge, that this Offering Circular has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority 
of Singapore (the “MAS”).  Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold any 
Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not 
offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, 
and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Offering Circular or any other 
document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the 
Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as 
defined in Section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 (2020 Revised Edition) of Singapore, as 
modified or amended from time to time (the SFA)) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant 
person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person 
pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the 
SFA, or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of 
the SFA. 
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole 
business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or 
more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and 
each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries’ rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred 
within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer made under 
Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(1) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred to in 
Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA;

--- Page 184 ---
175 
 
 
 
 
(2) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(3) 
where the transfer is by operation of law; 
(4) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(5) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities and 
Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018. 
Switzerland 
The offering of the Notes in Switzerland is exempt from the requirement to prepare and publish a prospectus 
under the Swiss Financial Services Act (“FinSA”) as long as such offering is made to professional clients 
within the meaning of the FinSA only or as long as the Notes have a minimum denomination of CHF 100,000 
(or equivalent in another currency) or more and the Notes will not be admitted to trading on any trading venue 
(exchange or multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland.  Neither this Offering Circular nor any other 
offering or marketing material relating to the Notes constitutes do not constitute a prospectus pursuant to the 
FinSA, and neither this Offering Circular nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes 
may be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in.  
General 
Other than with respect to the admission to listing, trading and/or quotation by such one or more listing 
authorities, stock exchanges and/or quotation systems as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms, no 
action has been or will be taken in any country or jurisdiction by the Issuer or the Dealers that would permit a 
public offering of Notes, or possession or distribution of any offering material in relation thereto, in any 
country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required.  Persons into whose hands this Offering 
Circular or any Final Terms comes are required by the Issuer and the Dealers to comply with all applicable 
laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which they purchase, offer, sell or deliver 
Notes or have in their possession or distribute such offering material, in all cases at their own expense. 
The Dealer Agreement provides that the Dealers shall not be bound by any of the restrictions relating to any 
specific jurisdiction (set out above) to the extent that such restrictions shall no longer be applicable as a result 
of any change, or any change in official interpretation, after the date hereof of applicable laws and regulations, 
but without prejudice to the obligations of the Dealers described in the preceding paragraph. 
Selling restrictions may be supplemented or modified with the agreement of the Issuer.  Any such supplement 
or modification will be set out in a supplement to this Offering Circular.

--- Page 185 ---
176 
 
 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
The establishment and annual updates of the Programme were authorised by a resolution of the Board of 
Directors of Mundys on 16 September 2016, as most recently updated on 11 May 2023.  The issue of Notes 
under the Programme will be authorised prior to each relevant issue of Notes by the competent bodies of the 
Issuer in accordance with applicable laws and the relevant provisions of the Issuer’s by-laws.  All consents, 
approvals, authorisations or other orders of all regulatory authorities required by the Issuer under the laws of 
Italy have been given for the issue of Notes under the Programme and for the Issuer to undertake and perform 
its obligations under the Dealer Agreement, the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement and the Notes.  
Listing 
The Offering Circular has been approved by the Central Bank, as competent authority under the Prospectus 
Regulation, as a “base prospectus” for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation.  The Issuer may apply to the 
Euronext Dublin for Notes of a particular Series offered pursuant to this Offering Circular to be listed on 
Official List and admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin during the period of 12 
months from the date of this Offering Circular.  The Euronext Dublin’s regulated market is a regulated market 
for the purposes of the MiFID II (Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended). 
The issue price and the amount of the relevant Notes will be determined by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer 
at the time of issue of the relevant Tranche of Bearer Notes, based on then prevailing market conditions. 
Foreign languages used in the Offering Circular 
The language of this Offering Circular is English.  Certain legislative references and technical terms have 
been cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them under 
applicable law. 
Documents Available 
From the date hereof and for a period of 10 years, so long as any of the Notes remains outstanding and 
throughout the life of the Programme, copies of the following documents will, when published, be available 
for inspection on the website of the Issuer (https://www.mundys.com) and in hard copy, free of charge in 
English from the registered office of the Issuer and from the specified office of the Issuing and Principal 
Paying Agent: 
(i) 
an English translation of the constitutive documents of the Issuer; 
(ii) 
the annual report and the annual audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the 
financial years ended on 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2022 (in each case in English);  
(v) 
the Trust Deed (which contains the forms of the Global Notes, the Certificates, the Notes in definitive 
form, the Coupons and the Talons), and the Agency Agreement; 
(vi) 
a copy of this Offering Circular;  
In addition, from the date hereof, so long as any of the Notes remains outstanding and throughout the life of 
the Programme, copies of the following documents will, when published, be available for inspection in hard 
copy, free of charge in English from the registered office of the Issuer and from the specified offices of the 
Issuing and Principal Paying Agent: 
(a) 
the 2022 Sustainability Linked Financing Framework;  
(b) 
the Sustainalytics Second Party Opinion dated 9 November 2022; and 
(c) 
any future offering circulars, information memoranda and supplements (including the Final Terms in 
respect of listed Notes) to this Offering Circular and any other documents incorporated herein or 
therein by reference.

--- Page 186 ---
177 
 
 
 
 
Clearing and Settlement Systems 
The Notes and the Programme have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (which are the entities in charge of keeping the records).  The appropriate common code and 
International Securities Identification Number (“ISIN”) (and, when applicable, the identification number for 
any other relevant clearing system) for each Tranche of Bearer Notes allocated by Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The address of Euroclear is 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, Belgium and the address of 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, is 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg, Luxembourg.  The address of any 
alternative clearing system will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Legended Notes 
Each Bearer Note, Coupon and Talon will bear the following legend:  “Any United States person who holds 
this obligation will be subject to limitations under the United States income tax laws, including the limitations 
provided in sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the Internal Revenue Code”. 
Significant Change and Material Adverse Change 
Save as described under “Business Description of the Group — Material Agreements”, there has been no 
significant change in the financial or trading position of the Issuer or of the Group and there has been no 
material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer since 31 December 2022. 
Material Contracts 
Except as disclosed in the “Business Description of the Group—Recent Developments” sections of this 
Offering Circular, neither the Issuer nor any of its consolidated subsidiaries has, since 31 December 2022, 
entered into any contracts outside the ordinary course of business that could have a material adverse effect on 
the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme. 
Litigation 
Except as disclosed in “Business Description of the Group—Legal Proceedings”, none of the Issuer or any of 
its consolidated subsidiaries is or has been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings 
during the 12 months preceding this Offering Circular which may have or have had in the recent past, 
significant effects on the financial position or profitability of the Group, nor so far as the Issuer is aware, are 
any such governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings pending or threatened. 
Dealers transacting with the Issuer  
Certain of the Dealers and their respective affiliates engage and may in the future engage, in financing, in 
investment banking, commercial banking (including the provision of loan facilities) and other related 
transactions with the Issuer and may perform services for it, in each case in the ordinary course of business.  
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may have positions, deal or make markets in the Notes issued under 
the Programme, related to derivatives and reference obligations, including (but not limited to) entering into 
hedging strategies on behalf of the Issuer and its affiliates, investor clients, or as principal in order to manage 
their exposure, their general market risk, or other trading activities. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or 
hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) 
and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers.  
Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer or the 
Issuer’s affiliates.  Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer 
routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk management policies.  
Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which 
consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including 
potentially the Notes issued under the Programme.  Any such short positions could adversely affect future 
trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme.  The Dealers and their affiliates may also make 
investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such

--- Page 187 ---
178 
 
 
 
 
securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short 
positions in such securities and instruments. 
Furthermore, certain of the Dealers have provided corporate finance and investment banking services to the 
Issuer in the last twelve months.  The net proceeds of an issue of Notes under the Programme may be used by 
the Issuer in whole or in part to repay existing indebtedness which may include indebtedness provided by 
some or all of the Dealers. 
Corporate Governance 
As at the date of this Offering Circular, the Issuer was in compliance with applicable Italian law corporate 
governance requirements in all material respects. 
Independent Auditors 
The Issuer’s current independent auditors are KPMG S.p.A. (“KPMG”), pursuant to the resolutions of the 
shareholders’ meeting of the Issuer held on 27 April 2021, which appointed KPMG to audit the financial 
statements from 2021 to 2029. 
The consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as at 31 December 2022 and for the year then ended, 
incorporated by reference herein, has been audited by KPMG.  
The consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as at 31 December 2021 and for the year then ended, 
incorporated by reference herein, has been audited by KPMG. The audit report covering the 31 December 
2021 consolidated financial statements, incorporated by reference herein, includes another matters paragraph 
that states: “The group’s 2020 consolidated financial statements were audited by other auditors, who 
expressed their unqualified opinion thereon on 2 April 2021.”  
KPMG is registered in the Register of Independent Auditors held by the Ministry of Economy and Finance 
pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 39 of 27 January 2010 and the relevant implementing regulations and is 
also a member of ASSIREVI (Associazione Nazionale Revisori Contabili), the Italian association of auditing 
firms.   
The registered office of KPMG S.p.A. is at Via Vittor Pisani, 25, 20124, Milan, Italy.

--- Page 188 ---
Issuer 
Mundys S.p.A. 
Piazza San Silvestro, 8 
00187 Rome 
Italy 
Auditors 
KPMG S.p.A. 
Via Vittor Pisani, 25 
20124 Milan 
Italy 
Trustee 
BNY Mellon Corporate Trustee Services Limited 
160 Queen Victoria Street 
EC4V 4LA London 
United Kingdom 
Registrar 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch 
Vertigo Building – Polaris 
2-4 rue Eugène Ruppert 
L-2453 Luxembourg 
Issuing and Principal Paying Agent and Transfer Agent 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch 
160 Queen Victoria Street 
EC4V 4LA London 
United Kingdom 
Irish Listing Agent 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited 
10 Earlsfort Terrace 
Dublin 2 
Ireland 
D02 T380 
Legal Advisers 
To the Issuer as to 
English law and Italian law 
 
White & Case (Europe) LLP 
Piazza Diaz, 2 
20122 Milan 
Italy 
 
To the Dealers as to  
English law and Italian law 
Allen & Overy – Studio Legale Associato 
 
Corso Vittorio Emanuele II, 284 
00186 Rome 
Italy 
Via Ansperto, 5 
20123 Milan 
Italy