--- Page 1 ---
Base Prospectus dated 24 June 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(A bank governed by the Bank Act (Canada)) 
acting through its 
Montréal Branch 
as Issuer 
 
European Issuance and Offering Programme 
for the issuance of Structured Securities 
(the "Programme")

--- Page 2 ---
Table of Contents 
 
i 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS AND THE PROGRAMME  ........... 
1 
This section provides an overview of certain key features of the Programme. This section is relevant 
for all Securities. 
 
RISK FACTORS ............................................................................................................................... 
8 
This section sets out the principal risks of investing in Securities issued under this Base Prospectus, 
including key risks relating to the Issuer and of investments linked to different types of Underlyings. 
This section is relevant for all Securities. 
 
NATIONAL BANK OF CANADA .................................................................................................. 
77 
This section contains information in relation to the Issuer. 
 
INFORMATION ON THE SECURITIES ........................................................................................ 
112 
Comprises the General Conditions, the applicable Payout Conditions and the relevant Underlying 
Specific Conditions (which, together with the Issue Terms, comprise the terms and conditions of the 
Securities). This section is relevant for all Securities. 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES .................................................................... 
112 
Comprises the General Conditions, the applicable Payout Conditions and the relevant Underlying 
Specific Conditions (which, together with the Issue Terms, comprise the terms and conditions of the 
Securities). This section is relevant for all Securities. 
 
 
GENERAL CONDITIONS ..................................................................................................... 
115 
 
Sets out the terms and conditions that apply to all Securities. 
 
 
PAYOUT CONDITIONS FOR STRUCTURED SECURITIES ............................................ 
136 
 
Sets out the additional terms and conditions in relation to the coupon and redemption 
payments as well as optional or automatic early redemption features (if applicable) in respect 
of Structured Securities. Only those Payout Conditions specified in the Issue Terms as 
applicable will apply to a particular series of Securities. 
 
 
1. 
General Definitions 
137 
 
2. 
Coupon Features 
139 
 
3. 
Call, Securityholders Optional Early Redemption and Knock-in Features 
164 
 
4. 
Quanto and Compo Features 
168 
 
5. 
Downside Features 
169 
 
6. 
Underlying Features of Structured Securities 
171 
 
7. 
Redemption Features of Structured Securities 
174

--- Page 3 ---
Table of Contents 
 
ii 
 
 
PAYOUT CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES ................................................. 
180 
 
Sets out the additional terms and conditions in relation to the coupon and redemption 
payments as well as early redemption features (if applicable) in respect of the Credit Linked 
Notes. Only those Payout Conditions specified in the Issue Terms as applicable will apply 
to a particular series of Securities. 
 
 
UNDERLYING SPECIFIC CONDITIONS ........................................................................... 
253 
 
Each of the following sections sets out additional terms and conditions for Securities linked 
to a particular type of Underlying or Currency Exchange Rate. Only those Underlying 
Specific Conditions specified in the Issue Terms as applicable will apply to a particular series 
of Securities. 
 
 
 
SHARE LINKED CONDITIONS ....................................................................... 
253 
 
 
Sets out additional terms and conditions that are applicable to Share Linked 
Securities. 
 
 
 
INDEX LINKED CONDITIONS ....................................................................... 
262 
 
 
Sets out additional terms and conditions that are applicable to Index Linked 
Securities. 
 
 
 
ETF LINKED CONDITIONS ............................................................................. 
269 
 
 
Sets out additional terms and conditions that are applicable to ETF Linked 
Securities. 
 
 
 
CURRENCY EXCHANGE RATE CONDITIONS ............................................ 
279 
 
 
Sets out additional terms and conditions that are applicable to a Currency 
Exchange Rate. 
 
 
 
COMMODITY LINKED CONDITIONS ...................................  
287 
 
 
Sets out additional terms and conditions that are applicable to a Commodity or 
Commodity Index. 
 
 
 
FUND LINKED CONDITIONS .................................................  
297 
 
 
Sets out additional terms and conditions that are applicable to a Fund or Fund 
Index. 
 
 
 
INFLATION INDEX LINKED CONDITIONS .........................  
311 
 
 
Sets out additional terms and conditions that are applicable to an Inflation Index. 
 
 
 
FUTURE LINKED CONDITIONS ............................................  
316 
 
 
Sets out additional terms and conditions that are applicable to a Futures Contract 
Index. 
 
 
 
INTEREST BENCHMARK LINKED CONDITIONS...............  
322 
 
 
Sets out additional terms and conditions that are applicable to an Interest 
Benchmark.

--- Page 4 ---
Table of Contents 
 
iii 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS / PRICING SUPPLEMENT ................................................................. 
340 
This section sets out a template for the Final Terms and the Pricing Supplement. The template for 
the Final Terms will be used for each issuance of Securities other than Exempt Securities. The 
template for the Pricing Supplement will be used for each issuance of Exempt Securities. 
 
TAXATION  ..................................................................................................................................... 
390 
This section sets out an overview of certain taxation considerations relating to Securities. This 
section is relevant for all Securities. 
 
PURCHASE AND SALE .................................................................................................................. 
396 
This section sets out an overview of certain restrictions around who can purchase the Securities in 
certain jurisdictions. This section is relevant for all Securities. 
 
IMPORTANT ADDITIONAL LEGAL INFORMATION ............................................................... 
406 
This section provides additional legal information relating to all Securities. 
 
SUSTAINABLE SECURITIES ........................................................................................................ 
410 
This section provides information on the issuance of Sustainable Securities. 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION ............................................................................................................ 
414 
This section provides certain additional general information relating to all Securities. This section 
is relevant for all Securities. 
 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ................................................................. 
417 
This section contains information incorporated into the Base Prospectus by reference, in particular 
selected financial information regarding the Issuer from publicly available documents. This section 
is relevant for all Securities. 
 
 
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS ........................................................................................................ 
420 
An index of all defined terms used in this Base Prospectus. This section is relevant for all Securities.

--- Page 5 ---
General description of this Base Prospectus and the Programme 
 
1 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS AND THE 
PROGRAMME  
 
The following description constitutes a general description of the Base Prospectus and the Programme for the 
purposes of the Article 25 of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 and does not purport to be 
complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by, the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in 
relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Securities, the applicable Issue Terms. 
1. 
What is this document? 
This document (the "Base Prospectus") constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8(1) of the 
EU Prospectus Regulation in respect of structured securities issued under the Programme (the "Securities"), 
other than Exempt Securities (each as defined below). This Base Prospectus is valid for twelve (12) months 
after its approval and will expire on 24 June 2025.  
This Base Prospectus may be supplemented from time to time to reflect any significant new factor, material 
mistake or inaccuracy relating to the information included or incorporated by reference in it. The obligation to 
supplement a base prospectus in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material 
inaccuracy relating to the information included or incorporated by reference in it does not apply when such 
base prospectus is no longer valid. Each supplement will be available for viewing on the website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange at www.luxse.com. 
When used in this document, "EU Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended. 
References in this Base Prospectus to "Exempt Securities" are to securities for which no prospectus is required 
to be published in the European Economic Area ("EEA") under the EU Prospectus Regulation (or in respect 
of which a separate prospectus will be published under the EU Prospectus Regulation).  
This Base Prospectus constitutes a prospectus for the purpose of Part IV of the Luxembourg law on 
prospectuses for securities dated 16 July 2019 in respect of Exempt Securities. 
2. 
Approval of the Base Prospectus 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the 
"CSSF"), which is the competent authority for the purpose of the EU Prospectus Regulation, for the purpose 
of giving information with regard to the issue of Securities (excluding Exempt Securities) by National Bank 
of Canada (the "Issuer" or the "Bank"), acting through its Montréal Branch, under the Programme during the 
period of twelve (12) months from the date of this Base Prospectus. The CSSF has only approved this Base 
Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the EU 
Prospectus Regulation. Pursuant to article 6(4) of the Luxembourg Law dated 16 July 2019 on prospectuses 
for securities (the "Luxembourg Prospectus Law"), by approving this Base Prospectus, the CSSF gives no 
undertaking as to, and assumes no responsibility for, the economic and financial characteristics of the 
Securities to be issued hereunder or the quality and solvency of the Issuer. Such approval should not be 
considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or the quality of the Securities that are the subject of this Base 
Prospectus. Prospective investors considering a purchase of the Securities ("Investors") should make their 
own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Securities.  
The CSSF has neither approved nor reviewed the Form of Pricing Supplement or the information contained 
therein. In addition, the CSSF has neither approved nor reviewed any information in relation to the Exempt 
Securities. 
This Base Prospectus has also been approved by the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for the purpose of giving 
information with regard to the issue of Exempt Securities only by the Issuer under the Programme during the 
period of twelve (12) months from the date of this Base Prospectus and for these securities to be admitted to 
trading on the Euro MTF market.

--- Page 6 ---
General description of this Base Prospectus and the Programme 
 
2 
 
In addition, the Issuer may decide to register this Base Prospectus in Switzerland with the reviewing body SIX 
Exchange Regulation AG or another reviewing body approved by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory 
Authority FINMA, as a foreign prospectus that is also deemed to be approved in Switzerland pursuant to 
Article 54 paragraph 2 of the Swiss Federal Act on Financial Services ("Financial Services Act" – "FinSA") 
together with the Ordinance on Financial Services ("Financial Services Ordinance", "FinSO") for inclusion 
on the list of approved prospectus pursuant to Article 64 para. 5 FinSA, deposited with this reviewing body 
and published pursuant to Article 64 FinSA.  
3. 
The Programme 
The Issuer has established the Programme. 
One or more dealers (each a "Dealer") may be appointed under the Programme for a specified issue or on an 
ongoing basis. 
The Issuer has appointed the following agents under the Programme: 
Paying Agent: 
Citibank Europe plc, as fiscal, issuing, transfer and paying agent (unless otherwise 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms) 
Registrar: 
Citibank Europe plc will also act as registrar in connection with Registered Securities 
issued under the Programme 
Calculation Agent: 
National Bank of Canada, as calculation agent (unless otherwise specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms). 
Listing Agent: 
Banque Internationale à Luxembourg, société anonyme, as listing agent for the 
regulated market in Luxembourg or such other listing agent specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms 
4. 
Who is the Issuer and where do I find information about it? 
The Securities will be issued by the National Bank of Canada, acting through its Montréal Branch. The 
payment of any amount or delivery of any underlying(s) under the Securities is subject to the financial position 
of the Issuer and the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations at the relevant time. 
National Bank of Canada is a bank governed by the Bank Act (Canada). The Issuer's legal entity identifier 
(LEI) is BSGEFEIOM18Y80CKCV46. 
The section of this Base Prospectus entitled "National Bank of Canada", together with other information 
provided in this Base Prospectus and information incorporated by reference herein, provides a description of 
the business activities of the Issuer as well as certain financial information. The section of this Base Prospectus 
entitled "Risk Factors—Risk factors associated with the Issuer" describes the material risks that the Issuer 
faces. 
5. 
What type of Securities may be issued under this Base Prospectus? 
The Issuer may from time to time issue securities in the form of Securities as part of the Programme under this 
Base Prospectus. Securities may: 
(a) 
have a fixed term with any maturity,  
(b) 
be non-interest bearing or bear fixed or floating rate interest or other variable interest,  
(c) 
provide for conditional or unconditional coupon payments, including fixed coupon amounts or coupon 
amounts which are dependent on the performance of one or more underlyings (as described below),

--- Page 7 ---
General description of this Base Prospectus and the Programme 
 
3 
 
(d) 
have redemption amounts which are dependent on the performance of one or more underlying(s) (as 
described below) or determined redemption amounts, 
(e) 
be settled by way of cash payment in the specified currency, 
(f) 
provide for an option to allow early redemption at the discretion of the Issuer and/or the holders of 
Securities prior to scheduled maturity, 
(g) 
may be subject to automatic early redemption dependent on the performance of the underlying(s),  
(h) 
may be credit linked to one or more reference entities in respect of the obligations of the Issuer to pay 
interest and/or principal in respect of the Securities, and 
(i) 
provide that the scheduled amount payable could be as low as zero or else provide some level of 
minimum scheduled amount payable at maturity (subject to the credit risk of the Issuer). 
The aggregate notional amount of Securities which can be issued under the Programme is unlimited. 
The Securities differ in the way they function and can be issued in the following product types (each a "Product 
Type"). The following two Product Types are described in this document: 
(i) 
Structured Securities 
(ii) 
Credit Linked Notes 
These Product Types are the main categories of Securities described in this Base Prospectus and comprise of 
several options and features (each a "Feature").  
Structured Securities are linked to one or more Underlyings pursuant to one of the underlying features (single 
Underlying, a weighted basket of Underlyings, the worst performing Underlying out of several Underlyings, 
dividend yield of the Underlyings or the relative performance of the Underlyings compared to a benchmark 
("Alpha") (each an "Underlying Feature") and comprise of a certain redemption feature (each a "Redemption 
Feature") which is linked to a certain downside feature (each a "Downside Feature"). Structured Securities 
may also be combined with additional Features, for example relating to coupon payments or certain call, put 
and automatic early redemption options. Structured Securities may also comprise the payment of floating or 
variable coupons linked to one or more Interest Benchmarks as reference rates (any Interest Benchmark that 
is used for such purposes, either directly or as part of a calculation formula, is also generally referred to herein 
as a "Reference Rate"). Structured Securities may also be combined with additional Features, for example 
relating to certain call, put and automatic early redemption structures. Structured Securities may be redeemed 
at an amount equal or at least to or less than 100 per cent. of the notional amount of the Security (the "Notional 
Amount") and in extreme scenarios even at an amount equal to zero (0).  
Credit Linked Notes are linked to the credit of a specified reference entity or multiple reference entities (each 
a "Reference Entity") which may include corporations, financial institutions and sovereigns. Their scheduled 
payments are subject to the condition of the non-occurrence of certain credit events defined and specified in 
respect of the relevant Reference Entity. Hybrid Securities are Credit Linked Notes that include specific 
Features of Structured Securities in accordance with the related elections made in the Issue Terms. 
Each Product Type and its Features and options are described in section "INFORMATION ON THE 
SECURITIES" on page 87 et seq.  
Depending on the structure of the Securities, the Securities may expire worthless or, under certain 
circumstances, have a redemption value of zero and any payout amounts scheduled to be paid (or other benefits 
to be received) thereunder may not be paid or fulfilled. For certain Securities, a total loss of the invested capital 
is possible.

--- Page 8 ---
General description of this Base Prospectus and the Programme 
 
4 
 
The Securities to be issued under this Programme constitute direct, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations 
of the Bank ranking pari passu with all other present and future unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness 
of the Bank.  
The Securities will not constitute deposits that are insured under the Canada Deposit Insurance 
Corporation Act (the "CDIC Act"). 
Securities will be specified as Bail-inable Securities (as defined herein) if such Securities: 
(i)  
have an original or amended term to maturity (including explicit or embedded options) greater than 400 
days; 
(ii) 
have been assigned a CUSIP or ISIN or similar identification number; and  
(ii)  
are not otherwise excluded. 
Securities that constitute structured securities (as such term is used under the Bail-in Regime) or are otherwise 
excluded under the Bail-in Regime (as defined in the Conditions) will not be identified as Bail-inable Securities 
in the applicable Issue Terms. A structured security, with certain exceptions, is a debt obligation that 
(a) specifies that the obligation's stated term to maturity or a payment to be made by the Bank, is determined 
in whole or in part by reference to an index or reference point (such as the value of an asset or market price of 
a security) or (b) contains any other type of embedded derivative or similar feature, as defined in the Bank 
Recapitalization (Bail-in) Conversion Regulations (SOR/2018-57). Securities that are Bail-inable Securities 
may be subject to conversion in whole or in part – by means of a transaction or series of transactions and in 
one or more steps – into common shares of the Bank or any of its affiliates under the CDIC Act and to variation 
or extinguishment in consequence and subject to the application of the laws of the Province of Ontario and the 
federal laws of Canada. See "Risk Factors—Risks associated with Bail-inable Securities" for a discussion of 
risks related to investments in such Securities. 
6. 
What type of underlying(s) may determine the interest and/or redemption 
amount payable (or underlying(s) deliverable) under the Structured Securities? 
The coupon and redemption terms of Structured Securities issued under this Base Prospectus may be linked to 
the performance of one or more of the following types of underlying(s) (the "Underlying(s)"): share, index, 
funds (including fund indices), exchange traded funds, foreign exchange rates, commodities or commodity 
indices, inflation indices, futures contracts, certain interest benchmarks or a basket containing some or all of 
such types of assets.  
Investors in Structured Securities will have no rights of ownership in the Underlying(s) in respect of such 
Structured Security. 
7. 
How do I use this Base Prospectus? 
This Base Prospectus and the supplements thereto (including any information incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus) contains all information which is necessary to enable investors to make an informed decision 
regarding the financial position and prospects of the Issuer and the rights attaching to the Securities. Some of 
this information is incorporated by reference from other publicly available documents and some of this 
information is completed in the Issue Terms (as described below). Investors should read each of these 
documents, before making any decision to invest in a Security. 
8. 
What are Issue Terms? 
The "Issue Terms" will be prepared in relation to each issuance of Securities and are either

--- Page 9 ---
General description of this Base Prospectus and the Programme 
 
5 
 
(a) 
if the Securities are not Exempt Securities, the applicable Final Terms, or  
(b) 
if the Securities are Exempt Securities, the applicable Pricing Supplement, 
as further described in the following sections.  
9. 
What are Final Terms? 
The "Final Terms" will be prepared in relation to each issuance of Securities (other than Exempt Securities), 
and sets out the specific details of the Securities. For example, the Final Terms will contain the issue date (the 
"Issue Date"), the redemption date, the Underlying(s) to which the Securities may be linked (and the related 
Underlying Specific Conditions which apply to the Securities) and specify the applicable Payout Conditions 
used to calculate the redemption amount and any interest payments (if applicable) of the Securities. 
In addition, an issue-specific summary will be annexed to the Final Terms for each issuance of the Securities 
(other than Exempt Securities) where required under the EU Prospectus Regulation. Each issue-specific 
summary will contain a summary of key information relating to the Issuer, the Securities, the risks relating to 
the Issuer and the Securities, and the offer of the Securities.  
10. 
What is a Pricing Supplement? 
A "Pricing Supplement" will be prepared in relation to each issuance of Exempt Securities, and sets out the 
specific details of the Exempt Securities. For example, the Pricing Supplement will contain the issue date, the 
redemption date, the Underlying(s) to which the Securities may be linked (and the related Underlying Specific 
Conditions which apply to the Security) and specify the applicable Payout Conditions used to calculate the 
redemption amount and any interest payments (if applicable) of the Exempt Security. 
Exempt Securities may be issued under the Programme with different or additional features to the Securities 
described herein. 
11. 
Will the Securities be listed or admitted to trading? 
Applications may be made to list the Securities on a regulated market or multilateral trading facility and admit 
the Securities to trading on a regulated market or multilateral trading facility, as disclosed in the Issue Terms. 
Securities may also be unlisted and not admitted to trading as specified in the Issue Terms of the relevant 
Securities. 
12. 
Distribution of this Base Prospectus 
The distribution or delivery of this Base Prospectus or any Issue Terms and any offer or sale of the Securities 
in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. This document does not constitute, and may not be used for 
the purposes of, an offer or solicitation by anyone in any jurisdiction in which such offer or solicitation is not 
authorised or to any person to whom it is unlawful to make such offering or solicitation. Other than as expressly 
described in this Base Prospectus, no action is being taken to permit an offering of the Securities or the delivery 
of this Base Prospectus in any jurisdiction. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Issue 
Terms comes are required by the Issuer to inform themselves about and to observe any such restrictions. Details 
of selling restrictions for various jurisdictions are set out in the section "Purchase and Sale" below and may 
also be set out in the Issue Terms. 
13. 
No Participation in a collective investments scheme 
The Securities do not constitute a participation in a collective investment scheme within the meaning of the 
Swiss Federal Act on Collective Investment Schemes ("CISA"). The Securities are neither subject to the 
authorisation nor to the supervision by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority FINMA and 
investors do not benefit from the specific investor protection provided under the CISA. Investors should be 
aware that they are exposed to the credit risk of the relevant Issuer.

--- Page 10 ---
General description of this Base Prospectus and the Programme 
 
6 
 
14. 
Change of circumstances 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus (including the information incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus) or any Issue Terms, nor any sale of Securities, shall create any impression that information in such 
documents relating to the Issuer is correct at any time subsequent to the date of the Base Prospectus or that any 
other information supplied in connection with the Securities or the Programme is correct as of any time 
subsequent to the date of the relevant document containing the same (the foregoing being without prejudice to 
the obligations of the Issuer under applicable rules and regulations). 
15. 
Representations 
In connection with the issue and sale of the Securities, no person has been authorised to give any information 
or to make any representation not contained in or consistent with the Base Prospectus and Issue Terms and, if 
given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the 
Issuer. None of the Issuer, any Dealer, any Agent or any of their respective affiliates accepts any responsibility 
for any information not contained in this Base Prospectus and Issue Terms.  
16. 
Capitalised terms 
All capitalised terms used will be defined in this Base Prospectus or the Issue Terms and are referenced in the 
Index to this Base Prospectus. 
17. 
Caution Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
Certain statements contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus are forward-looking 
statements. All such statements are made in accordance with applicable securities legislation in Canada and 
the United States. The forward-looking statements in this Base Prospectus and in the documents incorporated 
herein may include, but are not limited to, statements about the economy, market changes, the Issuer's 
objectives, outlook and priorities for fiscal year 2024 and beyond, the strategies or actions that will be taken 
to achieve them, expectations for the Issuer's financial condition, its activities, the regulatory environment in 
which it operates, its environmental, social and governance targets and commitments, and certain risks to 
which the Issuer is exposed. These forward-looking statements are typically identified by verbs or words such 
as "outlook", "believe", "foresee", "forecast", "anticipate", "estimate", "project", "expect", "intend" and "plan", 
in their future or conditional forms, notably verbs such as "will", "may", "should", "could" or "would" as well 
as similar terms and expressions.  
Such forward-looking statements are made for the purpose of assisting the holders of the Issuer's securities in 
understanding the Issuer's financial position and results of operations as at and for the periods ended on the 
dates presented, as well as the Issuer's vision, strategic objectives, and financial performance targets, and may 
not be appropriate for other purposes. These forward-looking statements are based on current expectations, 
estimates, assumptions and intentions and are subject to uncertainty and inherent risks, many of which are 
beyond the Issuer's control. There is a strong possibility that the Issuer''s express or implied predictions, 
forecasts, projections, expectations, or conclusions will not prove to be accurate, that its assumptions may not 
be confirmed and that its vision, strategic objectives, and performance targets will not be achieved. The Issuer 
cautions investors that these forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and that 
actual events or results may differ significantly from these statements due to a number of factors. Thus, the 
Issuer recommends that readers not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, as a number of 
factors could cause actual results to differ significantly from the expectations, estimates, or intentions 
expressed in these forward-looking statements. Investors and others who rely on the Issuer's forward-looking 
statements should carefully consider the factors listed below as well as the uncertainties they represent and the 
risk they entail. 
Assumptions about the performance of the Canadian and U.S. economies in 2024 and how that performance 
will affect the Issuer's business are among the main factors considered in setting the Issuer's strategic priorities 
and objectives, including provisions for credit losses.

--- Page 11 ---
General description of this Base Prospectus and the Programme 
 
7 
 
The forward-looking statements made in this document are based on a number of assumptions and are subject 
to risk factors, many of which are beyond the Issuer's control and the impacts of which are difficult to predict. 
These risk factors include, among others, the general economic environment and financial market conditions 
in Canada, the United States, and the other countries where the Issuer operates; the impact of upheavals in the 
U.S. banking industry; exchange rate and interest rate fluctuations; inflation; global supply chain disruptions; 
higher funding costs and greater market volatility; changes made to fiscal, monetary, and other public policies; 
changes made to regulations that affect the Issuer's business; geopolitical and sociopolitical uncertainty; 
climate change, including physical risks and those related to the transition to a low-carbon economy, and the 
Issuer's ability to satisfy stakeholder expectations on environmental and social issues; significant changes in 
consumer behaviour; the housing situation, real estate market, and household indebtedness in Canada; the 
Issuer's ability to achieve its key short-term priorities and long-term strategies; the timely development and 
launch of new products and services; the Issuer's ability to recruit and retain key personnel; technological 
innovation, including advances in artificial intelligence and the open banking system, and heightened 
competition from established companies and from competitors offering non-traditional services; changes in 
the performance and creditworthiness of the Issuer's clients and counterparties; the Issuer's exposure to 
significant regulatory matters or litigation; changes made to the accounting policies used by the Issuer to report 
financial information, including the uncertainty inherent to assumptions and critical accounting estimates; 
changes to tax legislation in the countries where the Issuer operates; changes made to capital and liquidity 
guidelines as well as to the presentation and interpretation thereof; changes to the credit ratings assigned to the 
Issuer by financial and extra-financial rating agencies; potential disruptions to key suppliers of goods and 
services to the Issuer; the potential impacts of disruptions to the Issuer's information technology systems, 
including cyberattacks as well as identity theft and theft of personal information; the risk of fraudulent activity; 
and possible impacts of major events affecting the economy, market conditions, or the Issuer's outlook, 
including international conflicts, natural disasters, public health crises, and the measures taken in response to 
these events. 
The foregoing list of risk factors is not exhaustive and forward-looking statements made in this Base 
Prospectus are also subject to credit risk, market risk, liquidity and funding risk, operational risk, regulatory 
compliance risk, reputation risk, strategic risk, social and environmental risk, as well as certain emerging risks 
or risks deemed significant.  
Except as required by law, none of the Issuer, the Dealers or any other person undertakes to update any 
forward-looking statements, whether written or oral, that may be made from time to time, by it or on its behalf.

--- Page 12 ---
Risk Factors
 
8 
 
RISK FACTORS 
 
An investment in Securities involves substantial risks and is a riskier investment than an investment in ordinary 
debt securities. An investment in Securities is not equivalent to investing directly in the Underlying(s). 
The Issuer believes that the following risk factors are material for the purpose of making an informed 
investment decision associated with the Securities.  
Investors should consider the following risk factors and should make any investment decision only on the 
basis of the Base Prospectus as a whole including the documents incorporated by reference, any 
supplements to the Base Prospectus and the applicable Issue Terms. 
Investors should not acquire Securities without a thorough understanding of the mechanics of the relevant 
Securities and without being aware of the potential risk of loss. Investors should carefully examine whether 
an investment in the Securities is appropriate given their personal circumstances and financial situation 
and should consult a financial advisor to discuss any questions in advance of any investment decision. 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS – RISK FACTORS 
Categories 
Page 
1. 
Risk factors associated with the Issuer ...................................................................................  
9 
1.1 
Credit Risk 
9 
1.2 
Operational and Strategic Risk 
11 
1.3 
Risks relating to the external political, economic and competitive environments of the Bank 
15 
1.4 
Legal, regulatory and reputational risk 
22 
2. 
Risk factors associated with the Securities .............................................................................  
28 
2.1 
Risks associated with the Product Types of the Securities and rights of the Issuer under the 
Securities .....................................................................................................................................  
28 
2.2 
Risks associated with Bail-inable Securities ...............................................................................  
40 
2.3 
Risks associated with various options comprised in the Features of the Securities ....................  
47 
2.4 
Risks associated with the liquidity and value of the Securities ..................................................  
52 
2.5 
Risks associated with Securities linked to one or more Underlyings .........................................  
55 
2.6 
Risks associated with conflicts of interest of National Bank of Canada, acting through its 
Montréal Branch, as Issuer and Calculation Agent, and its subsidiaries and of the discretionary 
powers of the Issuer and Calculation Agent ...............................................................................  
73

--- Page 13 ---
Risk Factors
 
9 
 
1. 
Risk factors associated with the Issuer 
1.1 
Credit Risk 
Credit risk is the risk of incurring a financial loss if an obligor does not fully honour its contractual 
commitments to the Bank. Obligors may be debtors, issuers, counterparties, or guarantors. Credit risk is the 
most significant risk facing the Bank in the normal course of its business. The Bank is exposed to credit risk 
not only through its direct lending activities and transactions but also through commitments to extend credit 
and through letters of guarantee, letters of credit, over-the-counter derivatives trading, debt securities, 
securities purchased under reverse repurchase agreements, deposits with financial institutions, brokerage 
activities, and transactions carrying a settlement risk for the Bank such as irrevocable fund transfers to third 
parties via electronic payment systems. 
The Bank is exposed to credit risk, not only through outstanding loans and undrawn amounts of commitments 
to a particular obligor but also through the sectoral distribution of the outstanding loans and undrawn amounts 
and through the exposure of its various credit portfolios to geographical, concentration, and settlement risks. 
(a) 
The value of the Securities will be affected by the general creditworthiness of the Bank. 
The Bank's financial condition, financial performance and cash flows are affected by, among other things, 
known material trends, demands, commitments, events and other risks and uncertainties. Investors should 
consider the categories of risks identified and discussed herein including management of credit risk, market 
risk, operational risk, asset liability management, liquidity risk, reputational risk, risks related to off-balance 
sheet arrangements and other contractual obligations, risks related to capital management, changes in 
creditworthiness, risks of operating in a regulatory environment, risks related to general economic conditions 
and risks related to legal proceedings and regulatory investigations and actions, each of which can affect the 
general creditworthiness of the Bank and in turn affect the value of the Securities. 
(b) 
Changes to the Bank's credit ratings may adversely affect the market value of the Securities. 
There is no assurance that the Bank's credit ratings or the credit ratings of the Securities will remain for any 
given period of time or that a rating will not be suspended, lowered or withdrawn by the relevant rating agency 
if, in its judgment, circumstances in the future so warrant. The credit ratings assigned by ratings agencies 
represent their assessment of the Bank's credit quality based on qualitative and quantitative information 
provided to them. Credit ratings may be revised at any time based on various factors, including macroeconomic 
factors, the methodologies used by ratings agencies, or the current and projected financial condition of the 
Bank. Credit ratings are one of the main factors that influence the Bank's ability to access financial markets at 
a reasonable cost. A downgrade in the Bank's credit ratings could adversely affect the cost, size, and term of 
future funding and could also result in increased requirement to pledge collateral or decreased capacity to 
engage in certain collateralised business activities at a reasonable cost, including hedging and derivative 
financial instrument transactions. 
In the event that a rating assigned to the Bank or the Securities is subsequently suspended, lowered or 
withdrawn for any reason other than as specified therein, no person or entity is obliged to provide any 
additional support or credit enhancement with respect to the Securities, the Bank may be adversely affected, 
the market value of the Securities is likely to be adversely affected and the ability of the Bank to make payments 
under the Securities may be adversely affected. 
(c) 
Borrower and Counterparty risk exposure 
The Bank's ability to make payments in connection with any Securities is subject to general credit risks, 
including credit risks of borrowers. Third parties that owe the Bank money, securities or other assets may not 
pay or perform under their obligations. These parties include borrowers under loans granted, trading 
counterparties, counterparties under swaps and credit and other derivative contracts, agents and financial 
intermediaries. These parties may default on their obligations to the Bank due to bankruptcy, lack of liquidity, 
downturns in the economy or real estate values, operational failure or other reasons.

--- Page 14 ---
Risk Factors
 
10 
 
Between 2 March 2022 and 12 July 2023, the Bank of Canada raised its policy rate ten times, increasing from 
0.25% to 5%. Although the rate was recently reduced to 4.75%, this rapid increase in rates, undertaken 
primarily to counter inflation in Canada, is putting pressure on the ability of borrowers to make payments, 
notably borrowers with variable-rate mortgages or for whom the mortgage term is up for renewal. 
Counterparty risk is a credit risk that the Bank incurs on various types of transactions involving financial 
instruments. The most significant risks are those it faces when it trades derivative financial instruments with 
counterparties on the over-the-counter market or when it purchases securities under reverse repurchase 
agreements or sells securities under repurchase agreements. Securities lending transactions and securities 
brokerage activities involving derivative financial instruments are also sources of counterparty risk. The Bank 
has identified circumstances in which it is likely to be exposed to wrong-way risk. There are two types of 
wrong-way risk: general wrong-way risk and specific wrong-way risk. General wrong-way risk occurs when 
the probability of default of the counterparties is positively correlated to general market risk factors. Specific 
wrong-way risk occurs when the exposure to a specific counterparty is positively correlated to the probability 
of default of the counterparty due to the nature of the transactions with this counterparty. 
A number of the Bank's counterparties are EU credit institutions and investment firms, including the Dealers 
under the Programme (collectively, "EU Firms"), which are subject to Directive 2014/59/EU, as amended (the 
"BRRD"), which is intended to enable a range of actions to be taken in relation to EU Firms considered to be 
at risk of failing. 
The BRRD contains four resolution tools and powers which may be used alone or in combination where the 
relevant resolution authority considers that (a) any of the Bank's EU Firm counterparties is failing or likely to 
fail; (b) there is no reasonable prospect that any alternative private sector measures would prevent the failure 
of such institution within a reasonable timeframe, and (c) a resolution action is in the public interest. Such 
resolution tools and powers are: (i) sale of business; (ii) bridge institution; (iii) asset separation; and (iv) bail-
in. The bail-in tool gives the resolution authority the ability to write-down or convert certain unsecured debt 
instruments of any of the Bank's EU Firm counterparties into shares (or other instruments of ownership), to 
reduce the outstanding amount due under such debt instruments (including reducing such amounts to zero) or 
to cancel, modify or vary the terms of such debt instruments (including varying the maturity of such 
instruments) and other contractual arrangements. The BRRD also provides for a relevant Member State as a 
last resort, after having assessed and exploited the above resolution tools to the maximum extent possible 
whilst maintaining financial stability, to be able to provide extraordinary public financial support through 
additional financial stabilisation tools. These consist of the public equity support and temporary public 
ownership tools. Any such extraordinary financial support must be provided in accordance with the applicable 
state aid framework. 
An EU Firm will be considered as failing or likely to fail when: (i) it is, or is likely in the near future to be, in 
breach of its requirements for continuing authorisation; (ii) its assets are, or are likely in the near future to be, 
less than its liabilities; (iii) it is, or is likely in the near future to be, unable to pay its debts as they fall due; or 
(iv) it requires extraordinary public financial support (except in limited circumstances). 
In the normal course of business, the Bank deals with EU Firms to whom the BRRD and its bail-in power 
applies. The powers set out in the BRRD will impact how such EU Firms are managed as well as, in certain 
circumstances, the rights of their creditors including the Bank. For instance, the Bank and its debtholders may 
be affected by disruptions due to an EU Firm counterparty not being able to fulfil its obligations as issuing and 
paying agent, European registrar, calculation agent or similar roles. 
(d) 
Settlement risks 
Settlement risk potentially arises from transactions that feature reciprocal delivery of cash or securities between 
the Bank and a counterparty. Foreign exchange contracts are an example of transactions that can generate 
significant levels of settlement risk. However, the implementation of multilateral settlement systems that allow 
settlement netting among participating institutions has contributed greatly to reducing the risks associated with 
the settlement of foreign exchange transactions among banks. The Bank also uses financial intermediaries to 
gain access to established clearing houses in order to minimise settlement risk for certain financial derivative

--- Page 15 ---
Risk Factors
 
11 
 
transactions. In some cases, the Bank may have direct access to established clearing houses for settling 
financial transactions such as repurchase agreements or reverse repurchase agreements. In addition, certain 
derivative financial instruments traded over the counter are settled directly or indirectly by central 
counterparties. 
There are several types of transactions that may generate settlement risk, in particular the use of certain 
electronic fund transfer services. This risk refers to the possibility that the Bank may make a payment or 
settlement on a transaction without receiving the amount owed by the counterparty, and with no opportunity 
to recover the funds delivered (irrevocable settlement). 
(e) 
Environmental risks 
Environmental risk refers to the impacts on credit risk that may lead to reduced repayment capacity, or a lower 
value of the asset pledged as collateral due to environmental events, such as soil contamination, waste 
management, or a spill of materials considered hazardous, to the energy transition, or to extreme weather 
events. Ultimately, environmental risk can lead to both a higher probability of default and higher credit loss in 
cases of default among counterparties. In addition to the measures and guidelines adopted by the various levels 
of government, the Bank has a set of protective measures to follow in order to identify and reduce the potential, 
current, or future environmental risks to which it is exposed when it grants credit to clients. 
1.2 
Liquidity and Funding, Operational and Strategic Risk 
(a) 
Liquidity and Funding Risk 
Liquidity and funding risk is the risk that the Bank will be unable to honour daily cash and financial obligations 
without resorting to costly and untimely measures. Liquidity and funding risk arises when sources of funds 
become insufficient to meet scheduled payments under the Bank's commitments. Liquidity risk stems from 
mismatched cash flows related to assets and liabilities as well as the characteristics of certain products such as 
credit commitments and nonfixed-term deposits.  
The Bank has created securities portfolios in liquid and less liquid securities for strategic, long-term 
investment, and liquidity management purposes. These investments carry market risk, credit risk, liquidity 
risk, and concentration risk. 
(b) 
The Bank is exposed to operational and infrastructure risks. 
Operational risk is the risk of loss resulting from an inadequacy or a failure ascribable to human resources, 
equipment, processes, technology or external events. Operational risk exists for every Bank activity. Theft, 
fraud, cyberattacks, unauthorised transactions, system errors, human error, misinterpretation of laws and 
regulations, litigation or disputes with clients, inappropriate sales practice behaviour or property damage are 
just a few examples of events likely to cause financial loss, harm the Bank's reputation, or lead to regulatory 
penalties or sanctions in the various jurisdictions in which the Bank operates. For example, as a financial 
services organisation, the Bank manages high volumes of personal and other sensitive data. Inadequate data 
governance practices could result in negative financial and reputational impacts. Although operational risk 
cannot be eliminated entirely, it can be managed in a thorough and transparent manner to keep it at an 
acceptable level. 
The Bank's business segments use several operational risk management tools and methods to identify, assess, 
and manage their operational risk and control measures. Given the high volume of transactions the Bank 
processes on a daily basis, certain errors may be repeated or compounded before they are discovered and 
successfully rectified. Shortcomings or failures in the Bank's internal processes, systems or people, including 
any of the Bank's financial, accounting or other data processing systems, could lead to, among other 
consequences, financial loss and reputational damage. 
In addition, despite any contingency plans the Bank may have in place, the Bank's ability to conduct business 
may be adversely impacted by a disruption in the infrastructure that supports the Bank's businesses and the 
communities in which they are located. This may include a disruption involving electrical, communications,

--- Page 16 ---
Risk Factors
 
12 
 
transportation or other services used by the Bank or by third parties with which the Bank conducts business. 
The occurrence of any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on the Bank's business, prospects, 
financial conditions, reputation and or results of operations. 
(c) 
Information system disruptions and security breaches may adversely affect the Bank's operating 
results 
Technology, which is now omnipresent in daily life, is at the heart of banking services and has become the 
main driver of innovation in the financial sector. While this digital transformation meets the growing needs of 
customers by enhancing the operational efficiency of institutions, it nevertheless comes with information 
security and cybersecurity risks. The personal information and financial data of financial institution customers 
are still prime targets for criminals. These criminals, who are increasingly well organised and employing ever 
more sophisticated schemes, try to use technology to steal information. 
Faced with a resurgence of cyberthreats and the sophistication of cybercriminals, the Bank is exposed to the 
risks associated with data breaches, malicious software, unauthorised access, hacking, phishing, identity theft, 
intellectual property theft, asset theft, industrial espionage, and possible denial of service due to activities 
causing network failures and service interruptions. 
Cyberattacks, as with breaches or interruptions of systems that support the Bank and its customers, could cause 
client attrition; financial loss; an inability of clients to do their banking; non-compliance with privacy 
legislation or any other current laws; legal disputes; fines; penalties or regulatory action; reputational damage; 
compliance costs, corrective measures, investigative, or restoration costs; and cost hikes to maintain and 
upgrade technological infrastructures and systems, all of which could affect the Bank's operating results or 
financial position, in addition to having an impact on its reputation. 
It is also possible for the Bank to be unable to implement effective preventive measures against every potential 
cyberthreat, as the tactics used are multiplying, change frequently, come from a wide range of sources and are 
increasingly sophisticated. 
Within this context, the Bank works to ensure the integrity and protection of its systems and the information 
they contain. The Bank reaffirms its commitment to continuous improvement in the area of information 
security, the ultimate goal being to protect its customers and maintain their trust. Along with its partners in the 
financial sector and with the regulatory authorities, the Bank is committed to making a sustained effort to 
mitigate technology risks. Multidisciplinary teams consisting of cybersecurity and fraud prevention specialists 
focus specifically on anticipating this type of threat. The Bank is also pursuing initiatives under its own 
cybersecurity programme aimed at adapting its protection, surveillance, detection and response capabilities 
according to changing threats, the aim being to continue to reduce delays in detecting any anomalies or 
cybersecurity incidents and limiting the impact thereof as much as possible. A governance and accountability 
structure has also been established to support decision-making based on sound risk management. The 
Technology Committee is regularly informed of the cybersecurity posture, of cybersecurity trends and 
developments and of lessons learned from operational incidents that have occurred in other large organisations 
such that it can gain a better understanding of the risks, particularly risks related to cybersecurity and the 
protection of personal information.  
Despite the Bank's commitment to continuous improvement in the area of information security and to making 
a sustained effort to mitigate technology risks, there can be no assurance that the Bank will be successful in all 
respects and it remains exposed to failures or disruptions which may adversely affect its operating results. 
(d) 
The failure to properly implement technological innovation may adversely affect the Bank's 
operating results or financial position 
Rapid changes in the technology used by financial system participants could affect the Bank's financial 
performance and reputation, which depend in part on its ability to develop and market new product and service 
offerings to satisfy changing customer needs, adopt and develop new technologies that help differentiate its 
products and services in the market and generate cost savings. In addition, the Bank must adequately assess

--- Page 17 ---
Risk Factors
 
13 
 
the impacts of any changes arising from the deployment of key technological systems before they are 
implemented and on an ongoing basis during their deployment.  
The transition to new digital solutions and channels has accelerated greatly in recent years, leading to major 
developments in the areas of digital currencies, the open banking system, and financial services from non-bank 
providers. The arrival of new, non-conventional players in the market has intensified competition, as they are 
proposing to enhance client experience with new technologies, data analysis tools and customised solutions. 
These businesses are not necessarily subject to the same regulatory requirements as financial institutions and 
may sometimes be able to react more quickly to new consumer habits.  
Furthermore, to promote digital innovation and improve the client experience, the Bank continues to 
incorporate artificial intelligence into its business processes. It designs and continuously applies a set of 
practices aimed at ensuring the development of equitable solutions, in addition to rigorous monitoring during 
the production stage. The Bank also continues to participate in the industry's work to implement a regulatory 
framework for the open banking system.  
The Bank remains alert to the risks that could arise from the transformation of financial services and continues 
to invest in the development of its operational and technological capabilities. Also, the Bank maintains a strong 
commitment in favour of innovation through its specialised venture capital arm, NAventuresTM, which makes 
strategic investments in emerging technologies. 
(e) 
The Bank's success in developing and introducing new products and services, expanding 
distribution channels, developing new distribution channels and realising revenue from these 
channels could affect the Bank's revenues and earnings. 
The Bank's ability to maintain or increase market share depends, in part, on the way in which it adapts its 
products and services to changes in financial industry standards and markets. There is increasing pressure on 
financial institutions such as the Bank to provide products and services at lower prices, which may reduce the 
Bank's net interest income and revenues from fee-based products and services. In addition, the implementation 
of or changes to new technologies to adapt them to the Bank's financial products and services, expanding 
distribution channels, developing new distribution channels and realising revenue from these channels, could 
require the Bank to make substantial expenditures without being able to guarantee successful deployment of 
its new products or services or a client base for them. The Bank may not be successful in adapting its products 
and services and this may adversely affect its revenues and earnings.  
(f) 
The Bank's ability to properly complete acquisitions and subsequent integration may affect the 
Bank's results. 
The Bank's ability to successfully complete an acquisition is often conditional on regulatory approval, and the 
Bank cannot be certain when or under what conditions, if any, approval will be granted. Acquisitions could 
affect future results should the Bank experience difficulty integrating the acquired business. If the Bank does 
encounter difficulty integrating an acquired business, maintaining an appropriate governance level over the 
acquired business, or retaining key officers within the acquired business, these factors could prevent the Bank 
from realising expected revenue growth, cost savings, market share gains and other projected benefits of the 
acquisition. 
(g) 
Failure to obtain accurate and complete information from or on behalf of the Bank's clients and 
counterparties could adversely affect the Bank's results. 
In decisions related to authorising credit or other transactions with clients and third parties, the Bank may use 
information provided by them, particularly their financial statements and other financial information. The Bank 
may also refer to statements made by clients and third parties regarding the accuracy and completeness of such 
information and independent auditor's reports on their financial statements. In the event the financial 
statements are misleading or do not present fairly, in all material respects, their financial position or operating 
results, the Bank's results could be adversely affected. For more details on the risks the Bank faces related to 
third parties, see the Section entitled "Risk associated with technological developments and cyber threats" 
below in this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 18 ---
Risk Factors
 
14 
 
(h) 
Risks related to protecting personal information 
Risks related to protecting personal information exist throughout the entire lifecycle of information and arise, 
in particular, from new control measures and processes as well as from ever-evolving legislative requirements. 
Such risks could also arise from information being improperly created, collected, used, communicated, stored, 
or destroyed. Exposure to such risks may increase when the Bank uses external service providers to process 
personal information. The collection, use, and communication of personal information as well as the 
management and governance thereof are receiving increasing attention, and the Bank is investing in 
technological solutions and innovations according to the evolution of its commercial activities. 
These risks could lead to the loss or theft of personal information; client attrition; financial loss; non-
compliance with legislation; legal disputes; fines; penalties; punitive damages; regulatory action; reputational 
damage; compliance, remediation, investigative, or restoration costs; cost hikes to maintain and upgrade 
technological infrastructures and systems, all of which could affect the Bank's operating results or financial 
position, in addition to having an impact on its reputation. 
In recent years, innovations and the proliferation of technological solutions that collect, use, and communicate 
personal information such as cloud computing, artificial intelligence, automated learning and open banking, 
have given rise to significant legislative changes in many jurisdictions, including Canada and Quebec. The Act 
to modernise legislative provisions as regards the protection of personal information, adopted by the 
Government of Quebec in September 2021, is progressively coming into force until 2024. It gives new powers 
to regulatory agencies to impose administrative and monetary penalties. On 16 June 2022, the Canadian federal 
government tabled Bill C-27, entitled Digital Charter Implementation Act, 2022, which aims to enhance and 
modernise the personal information protection framework and sets out new regulatory powers and fines. 
The Bank continues to monitor relevant legislative developments and has bolstered its governance structure 
by updating its policies, standards and practices and by deploying a personal information privacy programme 
that reflects its determination to maintain the trust of its clients. 
(i) 
The accounting policies, methods and estimates the Bank utilises determine how it reports its 
financial condition and financial performance, and they may require management to make 
estimates or rely on assumptions about matters that are inherently uncertain, such estimates and 
assumptions may require revision, and changes to them could have a significant impact on the 
Bank's operating results and financial position. 
Management exercises judgment in selecting and applying the Bank's accounting policies and methods to 
ensure that, while IFRS compliant, they reflect the Bank's best judgment of the most appropriate manner in 
which to record and report the Bank's financial condition and financial performance. 
Certain accounting policies are "critical" to understanding the financial performance and the financial 
condition of the Bank as they (i) require management to make certain judgments and estimates, some of which 
may relate to matters that are uncertain and (ii) changes in these judgments and estimates could have a material 
impact on the Bank's financial results and financial condition. These significant accounting policies and 
estimates relate to the fair value determination of financial instruments, the impairment of financial assets, the 
impairment of non-financial assets, pension plans and other post-employment benefits, income taxes, 
provisions, consolidation of structured entities and classification of debt instruments. Any changes to these 
estimates and assumptions may have a significant impact on the Bank's operating results and financial position. 
(j) 
Strategic risks. 
Strategic risk is the risk of a financial loss or of reputational harm arising from inappropriate strategic 
orientations, improper execution, or ineffective response to economic, financial, or regulatory changes. As a 
financial organisation, business strategy is a major driver of the Bank's risk appetite and consequently the 
strategic choices that the Bank makes in terms of business mix determine how the Bank's risk profile changes. 
A failure on the part of the Bank to inadequately implement or adapt to changing situations may result in an 
adverse impact on the Bank's operating results, financial position and reputation.

--- Page 19 ---
Risk Factors
 
15 
 
(k) 
Risks relating to additional factors 
Other factors that could affect the Bank's business, operating results, and reputation include unexpected 
changes in consumer spending and saving habits; the timely development and launch of new products and 
services; the ability to successfully align its organisational structure, resources, and processes; the ability to 
activate a business continuity plan within a reasonable time; the potential impact of international conflicts, 
natural disasters or public health emergencies such as pandemics; and the Bank's ability to foresee and 
effectively manage the risks resulting from these factors through rigorous risk management. 
1.3 
Risks relating to the external political, economic and competitive environments of the Bank 
(a) 
Changes in market rates and prices may adversely affect the value of financial products held by the 
Bank. 
Market risk is the risk of losses arising from movements in market prices. Market risk comes from a number 
of factors, particularly changes to market variables such as interest rates, credit spreads, exchange rates, equity 
prices, commodity prices and implied volatilities. The Bank is exposed to market risk through its participation 
in trading, investment and asset/liability management activities. Trading activities involve taking positions on 
various instruments such as bonds, shares, currencies, commodities or derivative financial instruments. The 
Bank is exposed to non-trading market risk through its asset/liability management and investment portfolios. 
The Bank's trading portfolios include positions in financial instruments and commodities held either with 
trading intent or to hedge other elements of the trading book. Positions held with trading intent are those held 
for short-term resale and/or with the intent of taking advantage of actual or expected short-term price 
movements or to lock in arbitrage profits. These portfolios target one of the following objectives: market 
making, liquidating positions for clients or selling financial products to clients. 
The Bank's non-trading portfolios include financial instruments intended to be held to maturity as well as those 
held for daily cash management or for the purpose of maintaining targeted returns or ensuring asset and liability 
management. 
It is difficult to predict with accuracy changes in economic and market conditions and to anticipate the effects 
that such changes could have on the Bank's financial performance, which may adversely affect the value of 
financial products held by the Bank and in turn could have an adverse effect on the Bank's revenues. 
(b) 
Structural interest rate risk. 
As part of its core banking activities, such as lending and deposit taking, the Bank is exposed to interest rate 
risk. Structural interest rate risk is the potential negative impact of interest rate fluctuations on the Bank's 
annual net interest income and the economic value of its equity. Activities related to hedging, investments, and 
term funding are also exposed to structural interest rate risk. The Bank's main exposure to interest rate risk 
stems from a variety of sources: i) yield curve risk, which refers to changes in the level, slope, and shape of 
the yield curve; ii) repricing risk, which arises from timing differences in the maturity and repricing of on- and 
off-balance-sheet items; iii) options risk, either implicit (e.g. prepayment of mortgage loans) or explicit (e.g. 
capped mortgages and rate guarantees) in balance sheet products; and iv) basis risk that is caused by an 
imperfect correlation between different yield curves. 
(c) 
Movements of the Canadian dollar relative to other currencies, particularly the U.S. dollar and the 
currencies of other jurisdictions in which the Bank conducts business, may affect the Bank's 
revenues, expenses and earnings. 
Currency rate movements in Canada, the United States and other countries in which the Bank does business 
could significantly impact the Bank's financial position, as a result of foreign currency translation adjustments, 
and the Bank's future earnings. For example, if the value of the Canadian dollar rises against the U.S. dollar, 
the Bank's investments and earnings in the U.S. may be negatively affected. Changes in the value of the 
Canadian dollar relative to the U.S. dollar may also affect the earnings of the Bank's small business, 
commercial and corporate clients in Canada. The Bank's structural foreign exchange risk arises from

--- Page 20 ---
Risk Factors
 
16 
 
investments in foreign operations denominated in currencies other than the Canadian dollar. This risk, 
predominantly in U.S. dollars, is measured by assessing the impact of currency fluctuations on retained 
earnings. The Bank uses financial instruments (derivative and non-derivative) to hedge this risk. An adverse 
change in foreign exchange rates can also impact the Bank's capital ratios due to the amount of risk-weighted 
assets denominated in a foreign currency. The structural foreign exchange risk is managed to ensure that the 
potential impacts on the capital ratios and net income are within tolerable limits set by risk policies. However, 
there is no guarantee that such policies will provide adequate protection in all instances and any fluctuation of 
the Canadian dollar has the potential to adversely affect the Bank's investments and earnings and the earnings 
of the Bank's small business, commercial and corporate clients, particularly if those clients are present in 
import/export-oriented sectors, which in turn may affect the Bank's revenues, expenses and earnings. 
(d) 
The Bank's earnings are affected by the monetary policies of the Bank of Canada and the Board of 
Governors of the Federal Reserve System in the United States and other financial market 
developments. 
The monetary policies of the Bank of Canada and the United States Federal Reserve Board as well as other 
interventionist measures in capital markets have repercussions on the Bank's revenues. Variations in the money 
supply and the general level of interest rates could impact the Bank's profitability. A change in the level of 
interest rates can affect the interest spread between the Bank's deposits and loans and as a result could impact 
the Bank's net interest income. Changes in monetary policy and developments in the financial markets are 
beyond the Bank's control and difficult to predict or anticipate and could have an adverse effect on the Bank's 
earnings and its ability to fulfil its obligations under the Securities. 
(e) 
The Bank's revenues and earnings are substantially dependent on the general economic, 
geopolitical and business conditions in regions where it operates. 
Although the Bank operates primarily in Canada, it also has business operations in the United States and other 
countries. The Bank is exposed to financial risks outside Canada and the United States primarily through its 
interbank transactions on international financial markets or through international trade finance activities. This 
geographic exposure represents a moderate proportion of the Bank's total risk. 
Government decisions and international relations can have a significant impact on the environment in which 
the Bank operates. Geopolitical events can lead to volatility, have a negative impact on at-risk assets, and cause 
financial conditions to deteriorate. They can also directly or indirectly affect banking activities by having 
repercussions on clients. The war in Ukraine, which has disrupted energy and agricultural supply chains, is a 
good example. The economic sanctions taken against Russia for its invasion of Ukraine and the steps taken by 
Russia to significantly reduce natural gas supply to Europe have led to soaring energy costs. This situation has 
triggered the negative economic headwinds now facing Europe and heightened the risk of a political reaction 
in the form of new governments taking power and social unrest. Even if the war were to end, the shattered trust 
suggests that Europe and Russia will continue to take measures to become less dependent on one another, 
notably regarding energy matters. In addition, the recent clashes between Hamas and Israel add a new risk of 
regional escalation in the Middle East. The greatest risk is that this conflict spreads and develops into a more 
direct confrontation between Iran and Israel, which could ultimately disrupt oil deliveries in the Persian Gulf. 
While new risks could arise at any time, certain concerns are compelling the Bank to monitor other situations 
at this time.  
The geopolitical power struggle that for years has pitted the United States against China is one such concern. 
Businesses, in particular those operating in sectors deemed strategic, run an increasing risk of finding 
themselves in a maze of contradictory regulations, where complying with U.S. regulations means violating 
Chinese law, and vice versa. These tensions could also partially undo some of the ties forged between these 
two superpowers in the financial markets, and Canada might get caught in the crosshairs of the two countries. 
Tensions between China and the United States on the subject of Taiwan is another source of disagreement 
between the two superpowers. While the Bank does not believe an invasion is imminent, China will continue 
to exert pressure on Taiwan through a combination of unprecedented military exercises and economic 
sanctions. Taiwan's importance is highlighted by the fact that it is by far the leading global producer of 
advanced microchips (over 90% of the market share).

--- Page 21 ---
Risk Factors
 
17 
 
Closer to home, Canada is also dealing with some tensions. Until recently, India represented an alternative to 
China as a potential trading partner against a backdrop of persistent tensions with the Middle Kingdom 
(detention of two Canadians in China and Chinese interference in Canadian elections). However, Ottawa's 
accusations that the Indian government was involved in the murder of a Canadian citizen have soured relations 
with India, and the conflict could affect companies that have forged trade links or made investments there. But 
the potential for confrontation does not end there, as protectionism is gaining popularity, and a growing number 
of countries are implementing measures to both financially support domestic businesses in key sectors (high 
tech, health care, and food) and to protect them against global competition through business restrictions. The 
combined effects of supply shortages and geopolitical tensions have shifted the focus from efficiency to supply 
security.  
In addition, the combined effect of climate change and armed conflict could lead to massive involuntary 
migration, which has already risen sharply in recent years. This could have economic and political 
repercussions, with Europe being particularly vulnerable. Lastly, climate issues are an added risk in the current 
context. If too few measures are adopted on the climate front, severe weather events will intensify and result 
in economic woes over the long term. Conversely, a too-swift transition could result in other risks, particularly 
short and medium-term costs and rising pressure on production costs. 
With rising debt levels and interest rates, some governments could face a dilemma as they try to satisfy public 
demands to maintain social safety nets and respond to pressure from the financial markets to improve their 
fiscal balance, causing political tensions in the developed countries. The Issuer will continue to monitor all of 
these developments, analyse any new risks that arise, and assess the impacts that they may have on the 
organisation. 
Although the economy recovered quickly during the pandemic, a number of risks still remain while others 
emerge. The extremely aggressive fiscal stimulus in North America at the start of the pandemic, supply chain 
issues and the war in Ukraine led to a resurgence in inflation in 2022 to levels not seen since the early 1980s. 
The central banks, guarantors of price stability, are determined to curb inflation and have pushed interest rates 
to the highest levels seen in over two decades. At a time when investors are wondering about future interest 
rates, which could stay high for a prolonged period, financial conditions have deteriorated substantially 
worldwide, heightening the risk of recession. Central banks continue to show concern about inflation, while 
the economy has yet to feel the full impact of previous rate hikes. In an environment characterised by high 
interest rates, companies may be reluctant to invest, and this does not usually bode well for hiring. Corporate 
profit margins are under pressure in a context of rising employee compensation and interest expense, which 
could lead to difficult decisions about staffing levels. Consumers, on the other hand, are likely to limit spending 
when faced with high prices, amplifying the risks of an economic recession. The global economy could also 
face a situation not seen since the 1970s' stagflation. Such a period, characterised by both economic weakness 
and high inflation, would place central banks in a dilemma, making them reluctant to support a moribund 
economy.  
Many governments became much more indebted during the pandemic and are now facing an interest payment 
shock as bonds come due. Government financing needs will be considerable in the years to come, with 
demographic changes, the fight against climate change and reindustrialisation all risking to exacerbate the 
pressure on public finances. There is reason to believe that investors could demand compensation for financing 
more fragile governments. This could limit the power of governments to act in the event of economic weakness. 
In short, given the ongoing uncertainties in this economic environment, the Bank remains vigilant in the face 
of numerous factors and will continue to rely on its strong risk management framework to identify, assess, and 
mitigate the negative impacts while also remaining within its risk appetite limits.  
Nevertheless, the Bank's revenues could be affected by the economic, geopolitical and business conditions 
prevailing in the countries in which it operates, including as a result of the strength of the economy and 
inflation, the credit conditions of businesses, financial market and exchange rate fluctuations, monetary policy 
trends and interest rates. All of these factors affect the business, geopolitical and economic conditions in a 
given geographic region and, consequently, affect the Bank's level of business activity and resulting earnings

--- Page 22 ---
Risk Factors
 
18 
 
in that region. Although some risks may seem remotely related to the Bank's business context, strong global 
economic and financial integration requires a vigilant approach. 
(f) 
The Bank's revenues and earnings may be affected by changes in Canadian real estate market and 
Canadian household indebtedness. 
With interest rates up sharply and inflation still high, it is normal to wonder how these circumstances are 
affecting Canadian households, which have high levels of debt. Canadian household debt, when compared 
internationally, is high in relation to disposable income, much like other countries with strong social safety 
nets. In recent years, policymakers have introduced a number of financial stability measures to limit Canadian 
household debt. This has paid off, as shown by the debt ratio, which has been relatively unchanged since 2016. 
Nonetheless, indebted households are feeling the impact of the current monetary tightening. The labour market 
has proved resilient for now, and this has limited late payments on loans, but the Issuer is not immune to a 
potential recession that could make matters worse. The Issuer offers variable rate/variable payment mortgage 
loans. This means that clients in this situation have been able to gradually adjust their budgets since the start 
of the multiple rate hikes and avoid overly high payment shock when they renew their mortgage term, as is the 
case for borrowers that have variable rate/fixed payment mortgages with other lenders.  
Soaring house prices have been one of the causes of the country's high indebtedness. For the time being, 
property prices have been resilient in the face of rising interest rates, since their impact has been offset by 
record population growth over the past few quarters. But, as mentioned above, a less buoyant job market could 
push the real estate sector into another slump. A severe recession could cause house prices to plunge, 
potentially prompting some borrowers to default strategically. Quebec's lower indebtedness compared with the 
rest of the country, from more affordable housing, combined with the fact that the province has a higher 
percentage of households in which both spouses are employed, helps to limit the Issuer's exposure against a 
significant increase in credit risk.  
The Issuer takes all these risks into account when establishing lending criteria and estimating credit loss 
allowances. It should be noted that borrowers are closely monitored on an ongoing basis, and portfolio stress 
tests are conducted periodically to detect any vulnerable borrowers. The Issuer proactively contacts those 
identified and proposes appropriate solutions to enable them to continue to meet their commitments. 
However, despite these measures, there can be no guarantee that borrowers will not default on their loans, 
which could have an effect on the Issuer's revenue and earnings. 
(g) 
The Bank faces intense competition in all aspects of its business from established competitors and 
new entrants in the financial services industry. 
The level of competition in the Bank's markets has an impact on its performance. Retaining clients hinges on 
several factors, including the prices of products and services, quality of service, and changes to the products 
and services offered. 
On the one hand, the Bank's financial performance depends on its ability to develop and market new and 
innovative products and services, adopt and develop new technologies that help differentiate its products and 
services and generate cost savings, and market these new products and services at the right time and at 
competitive prices. On the other hand, failure to properly review critical changes within the business before 
and during the implementation and deployment of key technological systems or failure to align client 
expectations with the Bank's client commitments and operating capabilities could adversely affect the Bank's 
business, operating results, financial position and reputation. 
(h) 
The Bank may have more limited ability to acquire or defend intellectual property rights. 
The Bank adopts various strategies to protect its intellectual property rights in connection with the financial 
services it provides. However, the protection measures that it may obtain or implement do not guarantee that 
it will be able to dissuade or prevent anyone from infringing on its rights or to obtain compensation when 
infringement occurs. Moreover, the goods and services developed by the Bank are provided in a competitive 
market where third parties could hold intellectual property rights prior to those held by the Bank. In addition,

--- Page 23 ---
Risk Factors
 
19 
 
financial technologies are the subject of numerous developments in intellectual property and patent 
applications, both in Canada and internationally. Therefore, in certain situations, the Bank could be limited in 
its ability to acquire intellectual property rights, develop tools, or market certain products and services. It could 
also infringe on the rights of third parties. In such situations, one of the risks could be an out-of-court claim or 
legal action brought against the Bank. 
(i) 
The Bank's ability to attract and retain key resources may affect the Bank's future performance. 
The Bank's future performance depends greatly on its ability to recruit, develop and retain key resources. In 
the financial services sector, there is strong competition, partly supported by a relatively low unemployment 
rate, in terms of attracting and retaining the most qualified people, notably with the arrival of new players in 
certain sectors and the emergence of the global workforce concept. In addition, inflationary pressures are 
amplifying wage expectations, which have already been affected by competitive pressures. As a result, reports 
are periodically presented to the Board through the governance mechanisms of the Human Resources 
Committee, the aim being to deploy appropriate strategies to implement conditions favourable to the Bank's 
competitiveness as an employer. In particular, the Bank monitors, on a quarterly basis, critical workforce 
segments where the attraction and retention challenges are greatest. This work also covers the associated action 
plans. The Bank has also made improvements to its recruitment platform, offering a simplified experience to 
candidates. There is no assurance that the Bank or a business acquired by the Bank will be able to continue 
recruiting or retaining people with specific expertise. 
(j) 
The Bank is exposed to international risks which may affect future results. 
Through the operations of some of the Bank's units (mainly its New York and London offices) and subsidiaries 
in Canada and abroad (in particular, Credigy Ltd., NBC Global Finance Limited and Advanced Bank of Asia 
Limited), the Bank is exposed to risks arising from its presence in international markets and foreign 
jurisdictions. While these risks do not affect a significant proportion of the Bank's portfolios, their impact must 
not be overlooked, especially those that are of a legal or regulatory nature. International risks can be 
particularly high in territories where the enforceability of agreements signed by the Bank is uncertain, in 
countries and regions facing political or socio-economic disturbances, or in countries that may be subject to 
international sanctions. 
Generally speaking, there are many ways in which the Bank may be exposed to the risks posed by other 
countries, not the least of which being foreign laws and regulations. In all such situations, it is important to 
consider what is referred to as "country risk". Country risk affects not only the activities that the Bank carries 
out abroad, but also the business that it conducts with non-resident clients as well as the services it provides to 
clients doing business abroad, such as electronic funds transfers, international products and transactions made 
from Canada in foreign currencies. 
As part of its activities, the Bank must adhere to anti-money laundering and anti-terrorist financing 
(AML/ATF) regulatory requirements in effect in each jurisdiction where it conducts business. It must also 
comply with the requirements pertaining to current international sanctions in these various jurisdictions. 
Money laundering and terrorist financing is a financial, regulatory, and reputation risk. 
The Bank is exposed to financial risks outside Canada and the United States, primarily through its interbank 
transactions on international financial markets or through international trade finance activities. This geographic 
exposure represents a moderate proportion of the Bank's total risk. To control country risk, the Bank sets credit 
concentration limits by country and reviews and submits them to the Board for approval upon renewal of the 
Credit Risk Management Policy. These limits are based on a percentage of the Bank's regulatory capital, in 
line with the level of risk represented by each country, particularly emerging countries. The risk is rated using 
a classification mechanism similar to the one used for credit default risk. In addition to the country limits, 
authorisation caps and limits are established, as a percentage of capital, for the world's high-risk regions, i.e., 
essentially all regions except for North America, Western European countries and the developed countries of 
Asia.

--- Page 24 ---
Risk Factors
 
20 
 
Despite the Bank's programmes, it is not possible for the Bank to prevent exposure entirely which could affect 
its future results. 
(k) 
Environmental, social and governance (ESG) approach and climate change. 
Environmental and social risk is the possibility that environmental and social matters would result in a financial 
loss for the Bank or affect its business activities. Environmental risk consists of many aspects, including the 
use of energy, water, and other resources; climate change; and biodiversity. Social risk includes, for example, 
considerations relating to human rights, including those of Indigenous Peoples, accessibility, diversity, equity 
and inclusion; the Bank's human capital management practices, including work conditions and the health, 
safety and well-being of the Bank's employees. 
(i) ESG 
A rapidly changing global regulatory environment, the commitments and frameworks to which the Bank 
adheres, and potential imbalances among their requirements represent challenges, as do the expectations and 
differing views among stakeholders about the Bank's environmental and social priorities. These considerations 
can affect assessments of the Bank's exposure to environmental and social risks. An inadequate assessment of 
the risks and opportunities could affect the Bank's ability to set and achieve objectives, priorities, and targets. 
The Bank's reputation could also be affected by its action or inaction or by a perception of inaction or 
inadequate action on environmental and social matters, particularly regarding the progress made. Furthermore, 
the Bank is mindful about the accuracy of the information it provides in a context of heightened disclosure and 
the presence of greenwashing and socialwashing risks. All these factors can lead to greater exposure to 
reputation risk, regulatory compliance risk, and strategic risk. 
These past few years also saw the emergence of a new environmental risk issue, i.e. the potential financial 
repercussions of climate change on biodiversity, ecosystems, and ecosystemic services. Financial system 
participants were called upon by the PRB Biodiversity Community initiative of the United Nations 
Environment Programme Finance Initiative (UNEP-FI), of which the Bank is a member. As this environmental 
risk issue begins to emerge, the Bank will continue to closely monitor the various initiatives and contribute to 
deliberations about potentially incorporating this issue into both investment and credit-granting decisions. The 
Bank's Risk Management Group closely monitors changes in trends and calculation methods and actively 
participates in various industry discussion groups. 
On 7 March 2023, the Office of the Superintendent of Financial Institutions (the "OSFI") published guideline 
B-15 Climate Risk Management, which sets out OSFI's expectations regarding climate risk. The guideline is 
OSFI's first supervisory framework dedicated to climate change and that addresses the impacts of climate 
change on managing the risks existing in the country's financial system. It covers two main topics: Governance 
and financial disclosures. The guideline will take effect for domestic systemically important banks ("D-SIBs") 
at the end of fiscal 2024. OSFI plans on revising this guideline to incorporate changes in practices and 
standards, in particular, to reflect the requirements of IFRS S2 – Climate-related Disclosures published by the 
International Sustainability Standards Board (the "ISSB"). 
(ii) Climate change 
The Issuer has identified two types of direct climate-change-related risks, i.e. physical risks and transition 
risks. Physical risks refer to the potential impacts of more frequent and more intense extreme weather events 
and/or of chronic changes in weather conditions on physical assets, infrastructures, the value chain, 
productivity, and other physical aspects. Transition risks refer to the potential impacts of moving toward a 
low-carbon economy (such as technological changes, behavioural changes by consumers, or political or public 
policy shifts designed to reduce greenhouse gas emissions through taxes or incentives) as well as to regulatory 
changes made to manage and support such an economy. 
Climate risk could have an impact on the traditional risks that are inherent to a financial institution's operations, 
including credit risk, market risk, liquidity and funding risk, and operational risk, among others.

--- Page 25 ---
Risk Factors
 
21 
 
In addition, a rapidly evolving global regulatory environment, the commitments and frameworks to which the 
Bank adheres, and stakeholder expectations concerning disclosures could lead to reputation risks and 
regulatory compliance risk, particularly due to potential imbalances among their requirements, in addition to 
increasing the risk of lawsuits. The publication of many regulatory standards and projects, such as OSFI's 
guideline B-15, Climate Risk Management, the standards of the ISSB, designed to establish a financial 
disclosure framework addressing sustainability and climate; and the CSA's proposed National Instrument 51-
107 – Disclosure of Climate–related Matters, are an illustration.  
It is possible that the Issuer's or its clients' business models fail to align with a low-carbon economy or that 
their responses to government strategies and regulatory changes prove inadequate or fail to achieve the 
objectives within the predetermined deadlines. Another possibility is that events caused by physical risks prove 
catastrophic (extreme episodes) or that there are adaptability issues (chronic episodes). As such, these risks 
could result in financial losses for the Issuer, affect its business activities and how they are conducted, harm 
its reputation and increase its regulatory compliance risk, or even affect the activities and financial position of 
the clients to whom it offers financial services. 
The actual impacts of these risks will depend on future events that are beyond the Issuer's control such as the 
effectiveness of targets set by government climate strategies or regulatory developments. The Issuer must 
therefore devote special attention to reducing its exposure to these factors and, at the same time, to seizing new 
growth opportunities. Its strategies and policies have therefore been designed to consider climate risks while 
also supporting the transition to a low-carbon economy. The Issuer strives to support and advise its clients in 
their own transition. From this perspective, the Issuer continues to deliver climate risk management training 
across the organisation, in particular among front-line employees who have direct contact with clients.  
The Issuer continues to closely monitor regulatory developments, evolving frameworks, commitments and 
stakeholder expectations, so that it can enhance its climate change risk management framework and further 
adapt its disclosures. 
(l) 
Reliance on technology and third-party providers 
The Bank's clients have high expectations regarding the accessibility to products and services on various 
platforms that house substantial amounts of data. In response to those client expectations, to the rapid pace of 
technological change and to the growing presence of new actors in the banking sector, the Bank makes 
significant and ongoing investments in technology while maintaining the operational resilience and robustness 
of its controls. Inadequate implementation of technological improvements or new products or services could 
significantly affect the Bank's ability to serve and retain clients.  
Third parties provide essential components of the Bank's technological infrastructure such as Internet 
connections and access to network and other communications services. The Bank also relies on the services of 
third parties to support certain business processes and to handle certain IT activities. An interruption of these 
services or a breach of security could have an unfavourable impact on the Bank's ability to provide products 
and services to its clients and on its operational resilience, not to mention the impact that such events would 
have on the Bank's reputation. The geographical concentration of third parties and subcontractors of third 
parties also increases the risk of disruption arising from other risks, such as natural disasters and weather and 
geopolitical events. To mitigate this risk, the Bank has a third-party risk management framework that includes 
various information security, financial health, and performance verifications that are carried out both before 
entering into an agreement and throughout its life. It also includes business continuity and technological 
succession plans, which are tested periodically to ensure their effectiveness in times of crisis. A governance 
and accountability structure has also been established to support decision-making based on sound risk 
management. 
Despite these preventive measures and the efforts deployed by the Bank to manage third parties, there remains 
a possibility that certain risks will materialise. In such cases, the Bank would rely on mitigation mechanisms 
developed in collaboration with the various agreement owners and third parties concerned. Faced with a greater 
ecosystem of third parties across the industry, in April 2023, OSFI tabled a new version of its Third-Party Risk 
Management Guideline (B-10), which came into effect on 1 May 2024.

--- Page 26 ---
Risk Factors
 
22 
 
Mindful of the significance of third-party risk, the Bank makes sure that its third-party management practices 
and policies evolve in collaboration with its financial sector partners and with regulatory authorities. 
1.4 
Legal, regulatory and reputational risk 
(a) 
Legislative and regulatory amendments and changes to guidelines in the jurisdictions where the 
Bank operates could affect the Bank's results. 
The Bank operates in a highly regulated industry. Regulatory compliance risk is the risk of the Bank or of one 
of its employees or business partners failing to comply with the regulatory requirements in effect where it does 
business, both in Canada and internationally. Regulatory compliance risk is present in all of the daily 
operations of each Bank segment. Changes in regulatory and legal frameworks are a significant potential risk 
factor for the Bank. Various laws, regulations and other guidelines have been introduced by governments and 
regulatory bodies to protect the interests of the general public as well as the Bank's clients, employees and 
shareholders. 
The Bank has been actively monitoring the following regulatory amendments, legal developments and changes 
to guidelines: 
(i) Reform of interest rate benchmarks 
The reform of interest rate benchmarks is a global initiative that is being coordinated and led by central banks, 
industry groups, and governments around the world, including Canada. The objective is to improve 
benchmarks by ensuring that they meet robust international standards. LIBOR (London Interbank Offered 
Rates) was discontinued, and risk-free rates such as SOFR (Secured Overnight Financing Rate), ESTR (Euro 
Short-Term Rate), SONIA (Sterling Over Night Index Average), SARON (Swiss Average Rate Overnight), 
and TONAR (Tokyo Overnight Average Rate) replaced LIBOR. On 31 December 2021, all LIBOR (London 
Interbank Offered Rates) rates in European, British, Swiss, and Japanese currency as well as the one-week and 
two-month USD LIBOR rates were discontinued, whereas the other USD LIBOR rates were discontinued as 
of 30 June 2023. The LIBOR rate administrator (ICE Benchmark Administration Ltd.) will continue to publish 
a "synthetic" version of LIBOR in British currency for three-month maturities until 28 March 2024, and in 
U.S. currency for 1-month, 3-month and 6- month maturities until 30 September 2024, for certain contracts 
that could not be remedied (commonly known as tough legacy contracts). In Canada, publication of CDOR 
(Canadian Dollar Offered Rate) will be discontinued on 28 June 2024 and replaced by the risk-free rate 
CORRA (Canadian Overnight Repo Rate Average). A forward-looking rate, the 1-month and 3-month Term 
CORRA has also been available for certain financial products since 5 September 2023. For additional 
information, see the Basis of Presentation section in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements for the 
year ended 31 October 2023 incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus and the Section entitled "Risk 
factors associated with the Securities—Risks associated with Securities linked to one or more Underlyings—
Risks associated with Securities linked to Interest Benchmarks" below in this Base Prospectus.  
(ii) Reform of the Official Languages Act (Canadian federal law) 
The purpose of Bill C-13, An Act to amend the Official Languages Act, to enact the Use of French in Federally 
Regulated Private Businesses Act and to make related amendments to other Acts is to provide a new legal 
framework and support the official languages of Canada. It modernises the Official Languages Act by giving 
new powers to the Commissioner (compliance agreements, orders, penalties, etc.) to protect the language rights 
of Canadians. It also introduces a new law that confers rights and obligations on federal businesses regarding 
language of service (consumers) and language of work in Quebec and in other regions of Canada with a strong 
francophone presence, in which the Bank has a significant operations. The bill was assented to on 20 June 
2023. The amendments to the Official Languages Act then came into effect (the new Act will come into effect 
by order-in-council at a later date). 
(iii) Amendments to the Charter of the French Language (Quebec) 
Bill 96, An Act respecting French, the official and common language of Québec, made amendments to the 
Charter of the French Language and other legislation. The objectives consist mainly of strengthening the

--- Page 27 ---
Risk Factors
 
23 
 
presence and use of the French language in Quebec and affirming that French is the only official language of 
Quebec, in which the Bank has a significant operations. Among the major themes addressed were the language 
of work, the language of commerce and business (including new requirements for contracts of adhesion and 
commercial advertising), the francisation committees of businesses, and procedures for publishing rights and 
disputes. Bill 96 was assented to on 1 June, 2022, when several provisions entered into effect. Other provisions 
entered into effect on 1 September 2022 (publication of rights and disputes) and on 1 June 2023 (contracts of 
adhesion), while certain provisions relating to commercial advertising will come into effect on 1 June 2025. 
(iv) Guideline on Existing Consumer Mortgage Loans in Exceptional Circumstances (Guideline)  
On 5 July 2023, the Financial Consumer Agency of Canada published, with immediate effect, its Guideline on 
Existing Consumer Mortgage Loans in Exceptional Circumstances. This guideline sets out the expectations of 
the Financial Consumer Agency of Canada for federally regulated financial institutions to contribute to the 
protection of consumers of financial products and services by providing tailored support to natural persons 
with an existing residential mortgage loan on their principal residence who are experiencing severe financial 
stress, as a result of exceptional circumstances, and are at risk of mortgage default. These exceptional 
circumstances include the current combined effects of high household indebtedness, the rapid rise in interest 
rates, and the increased cost of living. The Financial Consumer Agency of Canada expects federally regulated 
financial institutions to consider all available mortgage relief measures and to adopt an approach that reflects 
the personal circumstances of consumers and their financial needs. 
(v) Protection of personal information 
Given changing technologies and societal behaviours, privacy and the protection of personal information is a 
topical issue in Canada. Recent regulatory measures (such as the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) 
in Europe in 2018 and the California Consumer Privacy Act in the United States in 2020) reflect a desire to 
implement a stronger legislative framework in the areas of confidentiality and use of personal information. In 
Quebec, most of the obligations of the new Act 25, An Act to modernize legislative provisions as regards the 
protection of personal information, came into effect in September 2023, introducing substantial changes 
regarding the protection of personal information. Essentially, the Act promotes transparency, raises the 
confidentiality level of data, and provides a framework for the collection, use, and sharing of personal 
information. At the federal level, Bill C-27, tabled in June 2022, enacts three new laws: the Consumer Privacy 
Protection Act, the Personal Information and Data Protection Tribunal Act, the Artificial Intelligence and 
Data Act. The latter act is the first bill designed to regulate artificial intelligence in Canada. Still at the federal 
level, members of industry, regulatory agencies, and consumer advocates were consulted to help design and 
establish the pillars of an open banking system, which aims to enable consumers to transfer their financial data 
between financial institutions and accredited third parties in a secure and user-friendly manner. 
(vi) Pay Equity Act 
Under the federal Pay Equity Act, which came into effect on 31 August 2021, employers with more than ten 
employees are required to develop a pay equity plan that identifies and corrects gender-based wage gaps within 
three years (i.e. by 3 September 2024). The purpose of the Act is to achieve pay equity through proactive 
means by redressing the systemic gender-based discrimination in the compensation practices and systems of 
employers that is experienced by employees who occupy positions in predominantly female job classes. This 
Act seeks to ensure that employees receive equal compensation for work of equal value, while taking into 
account the diverse needs of employers and then to maintain pay equity through proactive means. Employers 
with over 100 employees such as the Issuer must prepare (and maintain) their pay equity plan in a joint 
employer-employee pay equity committee. 
(vii) Recovery and resolution planning 
As part of the regulatory measures used to manage systemic risks, D-SIBs are required to prepare recovery 
and resolution plans. A recovery plan is essentially a roadmap that guides the recovery of a bank in the event 
of severe financial stress; conversely, a resolution plan guides its orderly wind-down in the event of failure 
when recovery is no longer an option. The Bank improves and periodically updates its recovery and resolution

--- Page 28 ---
Risk Factors
 
24 
 
plans to prepare for these high-risk, but low-probability, events. In addition, the Bank and other D-SIBs 
continue to work with the Canadian Deposit Insurance Corporation to maintain a comprehensive resolution 
plan that would ensure an orderly winding down of the Bank's operations. 
(viii) Section 871(m) – Dividend equivalent payments 
Section 871(m) of the US Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code") aims to ensure that non-
U.S. persons pay tax on payments that can be considered dividends on U.S. shares when these payments are 
made on certain derivative instruments. The derivative instruments, such as the Securities, for which the 
underlyings are U.S. shares (including US exchange-traded funds) or "non-qualified indices" are therefore 
subject to the withholding and reporting requirements. The effective date of certain aspects of these regulations, 
as well as some of the obligations of Qualified Derivatives Dealers under section 871(m) of the Code and the 
Qualified Intermediary Agreement, have been postponed until 1 January 2027. Given that the US Internal 
Revenue Service is still expected to issue clarifications to enable institutions to comply with these 
requirements, the industry will be making efforts to have the effective date postponed further. 
(ix) US Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act and Common Reporting Standard 
The US law addressing foreign account tax compliance (Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act or FATCA) 
and the international regulation Common Reporting Standard (CRS), incorporated into the Income Tax Act 
(Canada), are intended to counter tax evasion by taxpayers through the international exchange of tax 
information reported annually by Canadian financial institutions such as the Bank to the Canada Revenue 
Agency. On 23 August 2023, clarifications were provided regarding the application of certain guidelines in 
these regulations. 
(x) Publicly traded partnerships (PTP) 
On 7 October 2020, the US Internal Revenue Service and the US Department of the Treasury issued new 
regulations under section 1446(f) of the Code regarding the application of withholding tax to non-U.S. persons 
(individuals and corporations) holding interests in a publicly traded partnership (PTP) related to a trade, 
business, or activity in the United States and generating income effectively connected to a US business (US 
ECI). Under these new rules, which came into effect on 1 January 2023, a broker, such as the Bank, carrying 
out a distribution of a PTP must collect withholding tax on any distribution of US ECI paid to non-U.S. 
investors as well as on the proceeds of disposition upon sale or transfer. 
(xi) Proposed rules on sales and exchanges of digital assets by brokers 
In August 2023, the US Department of the Treasury published proposed regulations on broker sales and 
exchanges of digital assets. Brokers, such as the Bank, will be required to report the gross proceeds from sales 
of digital assets effected on or after 1 January 2025. Reporting on an adjusted basis will be required for sales 
effected on or after 1 January 2026. 
(xii) One-day settlement cycle 
Canada and the United States have agreed to shorten the standard securities settlement cycle from two days to 
one day after the trade date (from T+2 to T+1). The US Securities and Exchange Commission has set 28 May 
2024 as the transition date to T+1 for US participants. Given the interconnectedness of North American 
markets and the scope of interlisted securities traded on the Canadian and US markets, Canadian stakeholders 
have chosen 27 May 2024 as the transition date to T+1 in Canada.  
In December 2022, the Canadian Securities Administrators (the "CSA") published for comment proposed 
amendments to National Instrument 24-101 – Institutional Trade Matching and Settlement (NI 24-101) to 
support the transition to T+1. The goal of the proposed amendments is to shorten the standard settlement cycle 
and, in particular, permanently repeal the exception reporting requirements set out in Part 4 of NI 24-101. To 
this end, in June 2023, the CSA published Coordinated Blanket Order 24-930, Exemption from Certain Filing 
Requirements of National Instrument 24-101. In August 2023, the CSA published Staff Notice 24-319 – 
Regarding National Instrument 24-101 Institutional Trade Matching and Settlements – Update and Staff

--- Page 29 ---
Risk Factors
 
25 
 
Recommendation. The CSA intends to recommend that the respective decision-makers of the member 
jurisdictions adopt a revised version of the proposed amendments that would include a trade-matching deadline 
of 3:59 a.m. Eastern Time on the day after the trade. The CSA also published Staff Notice 81-335 – Investment 
Fund Settlement Cycles, in which it announced that it does not propose to amend National Instrument 81-102 
– Investment Funds to shorten the settlement cycle so that investment funds will have the flexibility to 
determine whether such a cycle is suitable for them. In April 2023, the Canadian Investment Regulatory 
Organization also published amendments to support the securities industry's transition to the T+1 settlement 
cycle. 
(xiii) Canadian Investment Regulatory Organization (CIRO) 
The CSA created a new self-regulatory organisation that, among other things, combines the functions of the 
Investment Industry Regulatory Organization of Canada and the Mutual Fund Dealers Association of Canada. 
This new organisation, which exercises oversight functions with respect to the Bank, has been operating since 
1 January 2023. The new organisation officially changed its name to the Canadian Investment Regulatory 
Organization (CIRO) on 1 June 2023. 
(xiv) Accessible Canada Act 
The Act was adopted in June 2019. The purpose of the Act is to make Canada a barrier-free country by 
1 January 2040. The Bank published its accessibility plan on 31 May 2023. 
(xv) Client Relationship Model (Phase 3) – Amendments to National Instrument 31-103 
In April 2023, the CSA published the final version of changes designed to enhance disclosure requirements on 
the cost of investment funds and to impose new disclosure requirements on the cost and performance of 
individual variable insurance contracts (segregated fund contracts). All dealers, advisers, registered investment 
fund managers, and insurers offering segregated fund contracts are affected by these new requirements, which 
will come into effect on 1 January 2026. 
(xvi) Prohibition on the Purchase of Residential Property by Non-Canadians Act 
On 1 January 2023, the Prohibition on the Purchase of Residential Property by Non-Canadians Act came into 
effect. The purpose of this law, which will be in effect until 1 January 2025, is to help Canadians access the 
property market and to reduce speculative purchasing that risks raising the prices of properties in some already 
overheated markets. On 27 March 2023, the Act was amended to relax rules and conditions permitting non-
Canadians who want to live in Canada to purchase a residential building. In January 2023, OSFI launched a 
public consultation on Guideline B-20 – Residential Mortgage Underwriting Practices and Procedures, 
starting with an initial consultation on debt servicing measures in order to mitigate the risk arising from the 
high consumer debt levels. As a follow-up to the public consultation, an industry response coordinated by the 
Canadian Bankers Association, to which the Bank contributed, was submitted to OSFI on 14 April 2023. 
(xvii) Regulatory Developments from OSFI 
On 28 June 2022, OSFI published a new advisory that complements the expectations set out in guideline B-
20. This advisory addresses combined loan plans, which are an innovative product that have become the main 
uninsured real estate secured lending offering and are also offered by the Bank. The most significant concern 
with these products is the re-advanceability of credit above the 65% loan-to-value ratio. To satisfy OSFI's 
regulatory expectations, on 27 August 2023 the Bank made changes to its All-In-One line of credit for 
circumstances where the authorised credit limit exceeds 65% of the value of the financed property at the time 
of granting. Holders of certain All-In-One products can no longer access, on a revolving credit basis, the full 
principal paid on their mortgage loan. 
On 7 November 2022, OSFI published a new guideline entitled Assurance on Capital, Leverage and Liquidity 
Returns. OSFI relies largely on the regulatory returns produced by financial institutions when assessing their 
safety and soundness. The purpose of this guideline is to better inform auditors and institutions on the work to 
be performed on regulatory returns in order to clarify and align OSFI's assurance expectations across all

--- Page 30 ---
Risk Factors
 
26 
 
financial institutions. In particular, the guideline addresses the assurance that must be provided by an external 
audit, attestation by senior management, the assurance that must be provided by an internal audit, and the 
effective dates. For D-SIBs, the internal audit assurance requirements regarding the capital, leverage and 
liquidity returns commence as of fiscal year 2023, the senior management attestation and internal review 
requirements apply as of fiscal year 2024, and the external audit assurance requirements apply as of fiscal year 
2025. 
On 15 December 2022, OSFI confirmed the qualifying rate for uninsured mortgages (i.e. residential mortgages 
with a down payment of 20% or more) will remain as the greater of the mortgage contract interest rate plus 
2% and a minimum floor of 5.25%. OSFI is well aware that the country's economic recovery must be backed 
by a strong financial system capable of supporting the Canadian population in the current environment and 
that real estate market conditions in Canada could heighten the financial risk weighing on lenders. The 
minimum qualifying interest rate provides an additional level of safety to ensure that borrowers would have 
the ability to make mortgage payments should circumstances change, e.g. in the case of reduced income or a 
rise in interest rates. 
On 1 April 2023, revisions to OSFI's Liquidity Adequacy Requirements Guideline came into effect. OSFI made 
changes that will improve the sensitivity to risk and ensure that financial institutions hold sufficient cash or 
other liquid investments to meet potential liquidity needs and to support the continued lending of credit, in 
particular during periods of financial stress.  
Changes to these and other laws, regulations and other guidelines, including changes in their interpretation and 
application, could have a significant impact on the Bank's results. In particular, such changes could limit its 
product and service offering or enhance its competitors' ability to rival the Bank's offering with their own. 
Also, in spite of the precautions the Bank takes to prevent such an eventuality, failure to comply with laws, 
regulations and other guidelines could give rise to penalties and fines likely to have an adverse impact on its 
financial results and reputation. 
(b) 
Legal proceedings and judicial or regulatory orders, decisions or judgments against the Bank may 
adversely affect the Bank's results. 
The Bank takes reasonable measures to comply with the laws and regulations in effect in the jurisdictions 
where it operates. Still, the Bank could be subject to judicial or regulatory decisions resulting in fines, damages, 
or other costs or to restrictions likely to adversely affect its operating results or its reputation.  
In the normal course of business, the Bank and its subsidiaries are involved in various claims relating, among 
other matters, to loan portfolios, investment portfolios, and supplier agreements, including court proceedings, 
investigations or claims of a regulatory nature, class actions, or other legal remedies of varied natures. More 
specifically, the Bank is involved as a defendant in class actions instituted by consumers contesting, inter alia, 
certain transaction fees or who wish to avail themselves of certain legislative provisions relating to consumer 
protection.  
On 21 January 2019, the Quebec Superior Court authorised a class action against the Bank and several other 
Canadian financial institutions. The originating application was served to the Bank on 23 April 2019. The class 
action was initiated on behalf of consumers residing in Quebec. The plaintiffs allege that non-sufficient funds 
charges, billed by all of the defendants when a payment order is refused due to non-sufficient funds, are illegal 
and prohibited by the Consumer Protection Act. The plaintiffs are claiming, in the form of damages, the 
repayment of these charges as well as punitive damages. 
It is impossible to determine the outcome of the claims instituted or which may be instituted against the Bank 
and its subsidiaries. The Bank estimates, based on the information at its disposal, that while the amount of 
contingent liabilities pertaining to these claims, taken individually or in the aggregate, could have a material 
impact on the Bank's consolidated results of operations for a particular period, it would not have a material 
adverse impact on the Bank's consolidated financial position.  
Provisions are liabilities for which the timing or amount are uncertain. A provision is recognised when the 
Bank has a present obligation (legal or constructive) arising from a past event, when it is probable that an

--- Page 31 ---
Risk Factors
 
27 
 
outflow of resources embodying economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation, and when the 
amount of the obligation can be reliably estimated. The recognition of a litigation provision requires the 
judgment of the Bank's management in assessing the existence of an obligation, the timing and probability of 
loss, and estimates of potential monetary impact. Provisions are based on the Bank's best estimates of the 
economic resources required to settle the present obligation, given all available information and relevant risks 
and uncertainties, and, when it is significant, the effect of the time value of money. However, the actual amount 
required to settle litigation could be significantly higher or lower than the amounts recognised, as the actual 
amounts depend on a variety of factors and risks, notably the degree to which proceedings have advanced 
when the amount is determined, the presence of multiple defendants whose share of responsibility is 
undetermined, including that of the Bank, the types of matters or allegations in question, including some that 
may involve new legal frameworks or regulations or that set forth new legal interpretations and theories.  
Nevertheless, although the Bank establishes provisions for the measures it is subject to under accounting 
requirements, actual losses resulting from such litigation could differ significantly from the recognised 
amounts, and unfavourable outcomes in such cases could have a significant adverse effect on the Bank's 
operating results. The resulting reputational damage could also affect the Bank's future business prospects. 
(c) 
Tax law risks 
The tax laws applicable to the Bank are numerous, complex, and subject to amendment at any time. This 
complexity can result in differing legal interpretations between the Bank and the respective tax authorities with 
which it deals. In addition, legislative changes and changes in tax policy, including the interpretation thereof 
by tax authorities and courts, could affect the Bank's earnings. International and domestic initiatives may also 
result in changes to tax laws and policies, including international efforts by the G20 and the Organisation for 
Economic Co-operation and Development to broaden the tax base and domestic proposals to increase the taxes 
payable by banks and insurance companies. 
(d) 
A failure to adequately manage risks may lead to reputational harm 
Reputation risk is the risk that the Bank's operations or practices will be judged negatively by the public, 
whether that judgment is with or without basis, thereby adversely affecting the perception, image, or 
trademarks of the Bank and potentially resulting in costly litigation or loss of income. Reputation risk generally 
arises from a deficiency in managing another risk. The Bank's reputation is rooted in the perception of its 
stakeholders, and the trust and loyalty they place in the Bank is core to the Bank's success as a financial services 
organisation. The Bank's reputation may, for example, be adversely affected by non-compliance with laws and 
regulations or by process failures or from a failure to maintain an effective control environment, exhibit good 
conduct and maintain appropriate culture practices. 
(e) 
Canadian usury laws 
The Criminal Code (Canada) prohibits the receipt of "interest" at a "criminal rate" (namely, an effective annual 
rate of 60% until Section 610 of Bill C-47 comes into force, and thereafter, an annual percentage rate that 
exceeds 35%). Accordingly, the provisions for the payment of interest or a redemption amount in excess of 
the aggregate principal amount of the Securities may not be enforceable if the provision provides for the 
payment of "interest" (as calculated for the purposes of such statute) which is in excess of the prescribed rate, 
currently being an effective annual rate of interest of 60% and after Section 610 of Bill C-47 comes into force, 
an annual percentage rate that exceeds 35%. If any Securities are found not to be enforceable in whole or in 
part as a result of such prohibition, holders of Securities may not be able to collect some or all of the interest 
owing on such Securities.

--- Page 32 ---
Risk Factors
 
28 
 
2. 
Risk factors associated with the Securities 
2.1 
Risks associated with the Product Types of the Securities and rights of the Issuer under the 
Securities 
(a) 
Risks relating to the Product Types  
(i) 
Specific Risks of Structured Securities with the Downside Feature "Fully Principal Protected 
Securities" 
Fully Principal Protected Securities offer a capital protection at the Redemption Date. The 
Investor may lose part or all of the initially invested amount if the Structured Securities are 
sold by the Investor before the Redemption Date (since the value of the Structured Securities 
during their lifetime may be lower than the amount of the capital protection due to market 
fluctuations).  
(ii) 
Specific Risks of Structured Securities with the Downside Feature "Partially Principal 
Protected Securities" 
Partially Principal Protected Securities offer a partial capital protection at the Redemption 
Date. The Investor may therefore lose part of their investment up to the Protected Amount 
multiplied by the Notional Amount, if the difference between (i) the Final Reference Price of 
the Underlying(s) and (ii) the Initial Reference Price divided by the Initial Reference Price is 
lower than or equal to the Protected Amount. 
(iii) 
Specific Risk of Structured Securities with the Downside Feature "No Principal Protection 
Securities" 
No Principal Protection Securities may be redeemed for a Redemption Amount below the 
amount invested by an Investor. Depending on the condition for the application of the 
Downside Feature with respect to the Underlying(s), Investors could even lose all of their 
investment as a result of such a redemption, for example if the Final Reference Price of the 
Underlying(s) is zero. 
(iv) 
Specific Risks of Structured Securities with the Downside Feature "Barrier Securities" 
Barrier Securities may be redeemed for a Redemption Amount below the amount invested by 
an Investor if a Barrier Event occurs in relation to the Underlying(s). As a result of such a 
redemption, Investors could even lose all of their investment if the Final Reference Price of 
the Underlying(s) is zero. 
(v) 
Specific Risks of Structured Securities with the Downside Feature "Buffer Securities" 
Buffer Securities may be redeemed for a Redemption Amount below the amount invested by 
an Investor if the Final Reference Price of the Underlying(s) is (i) below or (ii) equal to or 
below (depending on which is specified in the Issue Terms) the Buffer Threshold Value. As a 
result of such a redemption, Investors could even lose all of their investment if the Final 
Reference Price of the Underlying(s) is zero. 
(vi) 
Specific Risks of Structured Securities with the Downside Feature "Shark Fin" 
Shark Fin Securities may be redeemed for a Redemption Amount below the amount invested 
by an Investor if a Barrier Event occurs in relation to the Underlying(s). As a result of such a 
redemption, Investors could even lose all of their investment if the Final Reference Price of 
the Underlying(s) is zero.

--- Page 33 ---
Risk Factors
 
29 
 
(vii) 
Specific Risks of Structured Securities with the Redemption Feature "Amortising" 
Securities with the Redemption Feature "Amortising" redeem the capital throughout the 
lifetime of the Security. The Investor may lose part or all of the initially invested amount if 
the Structured Securities are sold by the Investor before the Redemption Date (since the value 
of the Structured Securities during their lifetime may be lower than the notional amount due 
to market fluctuations). 
(viii) 
Specific Risks of Structured Securities with the Redemption Feature "Restrike" 
Securities with the Redemption Feature "Restrike" may be redeemed for a Redemption 
Amount below the amount invested by an Investor. Depending on the cumulative performance 
of the Underlying, Investors could even lose all of their investment as a result of such a 
redemption. 
(ix) 
Specific Risks of Structured Securities with the Redemption Feature "Spread" 
Securities with the Redemption Feature "Spread" may be redeemed for a Redemption Amount 
below the amount invested by an Investor. Depending on the performance of the Underlying, 
Investors could even lose all of their investment as a result of such a redemption. 
(x) 
Specific Risks of Structured Securities in the form of Zero Coupon Securities 
Changes in market interest rates have a substantially stronger impact on the prices of Zero 
Coupon Securities than on the prices of ordinary securities because the discounted issue prices 
are substantially below par. If market interest rates increase, Zero Coupon Securities can suffer 
higher price losses than other securities having the same maturity and credit rating. Due to 
their leverage effect, Zero Coupon Securities are a type of investment associated with a 
particularly high price risk. 
(xi) 
Specific Risks of Credit Linked Notes 
In this section, the specific risk of Credit Linked Notes are described as a sub-category of risk 
factors.  
(A) 
Risk of loss upon the occurrence of a Credit Event  
Credit Linked Notes are Securities in respect of which the Issuer has effectively 
bought abstract credit protection in relation to a single Reference Entity ("Single 
Name Credit Linked Notes") or more Reference Entities (Basket Credit Linked 
Notes, Nth-to-Default Credit Linked Notes or Tranched Credit Linked Notes) from 
the Investors. Payments to be made to Investors of such Notes will depend on the non-
occurrence of a Credit Event with respect to such Reference Entities. 
Accordingly, the Investors of Credit Linked Notes will be exposed not only to the 
credit risk of the Issuer under such Credit Linked Notes but also to the credit risk of 
one or more Reference Entities (being, in general terms, the risk that a given entity 
does not perform its financial obligations when due or becomes insolvent). This 
exposure may be to the full extent of the investment in such Credit Linked Notes. 
Upon the occurrence of any of the events comprising a Credit Event with respect to 
any Reference Entity, the Investors may suffer significant losses or even a total loss.  
Credit Events may also occur in the absence of a default, for example, as a result of a 
restructuring of indebtedness or the implementation of resolution or recovery 
proceedings with respect to a Reference Entity which is a financial institution or a 
bank ("Financial Reference Entity"). Investors should also note that a Credit Event 
is an abstract event and may occur even if the obligations of a Reference Entity are

--- Page 34 ---
Risk Factors
 
30 
 
unenforceable or their performance is prohibited by any applicable law or exchange 
controls. 
Investors should note that not all Credit Events applicable to specific Credit Linked 
Notes have easily ascertainable triggers and disputes can arise, and have arisen, as to 
whether a specific event did or did not constitute a Credit Event. Investors should 
therefore carefully review the applicable Credit Events and their definitions as set out 
in the relevant Issue Terms.  
Please note that a change in currency or the exit from the Euro can constitute a Credit 
Event for a Reference Entity. That is the case if the change in currency reduces the 
duties of the Reference Entity under its obligations.  
Where Cash Settlement or Auction Settlement applies, the occurrence of a Credit 
Event in relation to any Reference Entity from time to time may result in a redemption 
of the Credit Linked Notes at a reduced redemption amount or at zero, and, (if 
applicable) in a reduction of the amount on which interest is calculated, which 
reduction may be to zero.  
Accordingly, investors in Credit Linked Notes are exposed, in respect of both principal 
and (if applicable) interest, to the credit risk of the Reference Entity or Reference 
Entities. The maximum loss an investor in Credit Linked Notes may sustain is 100 per 
cent. of their initial investment, together with (if applicable) any interest amounts. 
This specifically means the following: 
Single Name Credit Linked Notes 
Interest after the occurrence of a Credit Event 
The interest of the Credit Linked Notes may stop upon the occurrence of the Credit 
Event starting with the point in time set forth in the Issue Terms on which the interest 
accrual ceases. If the Credit Event occurs prior to the first Coupon Payment Date, the 
Securityholder may even not receive any interest for the Credit Linked Notes.  
Redemption after the occurrence of a Credit Event 
If a Credit Event has occurred with respect to the Reference Entity, this also has 
substantial effects on the redemption of the Credit Linked Notes. After the publication 
of the Credit Event Notice, the Redemption Amount of the Credit Linked Notes will 
not be repaid on the Scheduled Redemption Date. Instead, the Securityholder will 
receive very likely highly reduced payments or values based on the results of the Cash 
Settlement or Auction Settlement, as applicable.  
The relevant settlement date can fall before or after the Scheduled Redemption Date.  
Basket Credit Linked Notes 
A Credit Event may occur with regard to the relevant Reference Entity. In this event, 
there can be a reduction of both the interest as well as the redemption of the Credit 
Linked Notes.  
This specifically means the following:

--- Page 35 ---
Risk Factors
 
31 
 
Reference Entity Weighting  
In order to be able to evaluate the effective Credit Events in the case of Credit Linked 
Notes with multiple Reference Entities, the Investor has to pay attention to the 
following: 
A weighting applies for each Reference Entity in the case of Credit Linked Notes with 
multiple Reference Entities. The weighting of each Reference Entity will be specified 
in the Issue Terms.  
After the occurrence of a Credit Event with respect to one or more Reference Entities, 
the following applies: The daily Outstanding Notional Amount is the basis for 
calculating the future interest. The daily Outstanding Notional Amount initially 
corresponds to the notional amount as reduced from time to time by an amount 
reflecting the Reference Entity Notional Amount of those Reference Entities for which 
a Credit Event has occurred. 
Interest after the occurrence of a Credit Event 
The interest on the Credit Linked Notes is reduced after the occurrence of a Credit 
Event starting at the point in time specified in the Issue Terms. 
If a Credit Event occurs with respect to all Reference Entities prior to the first Coupon 
Payment Date, the Securityholder may even not receive any interest for the Credit 
Linked Notes. 
Redemption after the occurrence of a Credit Event 
If a Credit Event has occurred with respect to one or more Reference Entities, this also 
has substantial effects on the redemption of the Credit Linked Notes. After the 
publication of the Credit Event Notice, the Redemption Amount of the Credit Linked 
Notes will no longer be repaid on the Scheduled Redemption Date. Instead, the 
Investor will receive in respect of the affected Reference Entities very likely highly 
reduced payments or values based on the results of the Cash Settlement or Auction 
Settlement, as applicable. 
(B) 
Increased risks of Zero Recovery Credit Linked Notes or where a specified Final Price 
is applicable  
Where the Credit Linked Notes are Zero Recovery Credit Linked Notes, if a Credit 
Event occurs in respect of a Reference Entity, Securityholders will automatically lose 
an amount in principal or notional amount of the Credit Linked Note equal to the 
portion of the Credit Linked Note which is allocated to the credit risk of the affected 
Reference Entity, regardless of any recoveries on any obligations of the Reference 
Entity which would have been determined in the absence of the "Zero Recovery" 
feature.  
Likewise, if the Final Price is specified in the Issue Terms in relation to Credit Linked 
Notes, such fixed Final Price may be lower (and may be significantly lower) than the 
recovery which an investor in bonds or instruments issued by such Reference Entity 
would receive.  
Accordingly, in case of Single Name Credit Linked Notes which are Zero Recovery 
Credit Linked Notes, the occurrence of a Credit Event results in a total loss of the 
amount invested.

--- Page 36 ---
Risk Factors
 
32 
 
(C) 
Increased credit risks associated with Nth-to-Default Credit Linked Notes  
Where the Credit Linked Notes have multiple Reference Entities and are Nth-to-
Default Credit Linked Notes, the Credit Linked Notes will be subject to credit linked 
redemption in full as described above upon the occurrence of a Credit Event in relation 
to the nth Reference Entity, i.e. if N is set as one, in relation to the first Reference 
Entity (1st-to-Default Credit Linked Notes).  
The credit risk to Securityholders may therefore be increased as a result of the 
concentration of Reference Entities in a particular industry sector or geographic area 
or the exposure of the Reference Entities to similar financial or other risks.  
(D) 
Additional credit risks associated with Basket Credit Linked Notes  
Where the Credit Linked Notes are Basket Credit Linked Notes and a "Distribution 
End Date" (the "Distribution End Date") is specified in the Final Terms, the Final 
Terms shall specify whether "Distribution Period Redemption", "Redemption at 
Maturity" or "Distribution Period Event Determination Date Disapplication" applies. 
If "Distribution Period Redemption" applies and an Event Determination Date occurs 
on or prior to the Distribution End Date, Securityholders of such Credit Linked Notes 
will suffer a loss of interest and the Credit Linked Notes will be redeemed, in part, 
early. In the case of such partial early redemption, holders may not be able to reinvest 
in a similar product offering a corresponding rate of return.  
The credit risk to Securityholders of Basket Credit Linked Notes may be increased as 
a result of the concentration of Reference Entities in a particular industry sector or 
geographic area or the exposure of the Reference Entities to similar financial or other 
risks.  
(E) 
Increased risks associated with Tranched Credit Linked Notes  
Tranched Credit Linked Notes are a specific form of Basket Credit Linked Notes and 
create leveraged exposure to the credit risk of the Reference Entities as the implicit 
portfolio size or size of the aggregate notional amount of the portfolio of Reference 
Obligations is significantly larger than the aggregate notional amount of the Credit 
Linked Notes. Investors can lose a significant part or all of their investment even if a 
Credit Event occurs in respect of only one or a few of the Reference Entities 
comprising the portfolio of Reference Obligations. The value of the Tranched Credit 
Linked Notes may be more volatile and credit losses experienced by an Investor in 
respect of the Tranched Credit Linked Notes may be greater than would be the case in 
the absence of such leverage.  
The value of the Tranched Credit Linked Notes may also be adversely affected by 
changes in the relative value of different tranches of credit risk on the portfolio of 
Reference Obligations, which will vary based on, inter alia, the views and assumptions 
of market participants and the supply of and demand for credit protection in relation 
to each such tranche.  
(F) 
A Credit Event may occur prior to the Trade Date  
Securityholders of Credit Linked Notes may suffer a loss of some or all of the 
redemption amount and any interest amount applicable to the Credit Linked Notes in 
respect of one or more Credit Events that occur prior to the Trade Date or the Issue 
Date, if the Credit Event Backstop Date is specified as a date falling prior to such date.

--- Page 37 ---
Risk Factors
 
33 
 
(G) 
Actions of Reference Entities may affect the value of the Credit Linked Notes  
Actions of Reference Entities (for example, merger or demerger or the repayment or 
transfer of indebtedness) may adversely affect the value of the Credit Linked Notes. 
Investors of the Credit Linked Notes should note that the Reference Entities to which 
the value of the Credit Linked Notes is exposed, and the terms of such exposure, may 
change over the term of the Credit Linked Notes. Where a successor Reference Entity 
is identified, the risks associated with such successor may be greater than the risks 
associated with the original Reference Entity, resulting in an increased likelihood that 
a Credit Event will occur and accordingly, an increased risk that Securityholders may 
lose some or all of their investment.  
This specifically means the following: 
Single Name Credit Linked Notes 
In the case of Credit Linked Notes with one Reference Entity, the Issuer can replace 
the Reference Entity in the case of a succession by one or more Successors. The Issue 
Terms contain provisions about selecting the Successor(s). 
The Securityholder now bears the risk that a Credit Event can occur in the future with 
regard to the Successor as the new Reference Entity. If the Issuer determines more 
than one Successor to the Reference Entity, each of the selected Successors becomes 
a Reference Entity. The Securityholder now bears the risk that a Credit Event can 
occur in the future with regard to each Successor. The Credit Linked Notes now relate 
proportionately to each Successor. 
Basket Credit Linked Notes and other Credit Linked Notes relating to more than 
one Reference Entity 
In the case of Credit Linked Notes with multiple Reference Entities, the Issuer can 
replace a Reference Entity in the case of a succession by one or more Successors. The 
Issue Terms contain provisions about selecting the Successor(s). 
The Securityholder now bears the risk that a Credit Event can occur in the future with 
regard to the Successor as the new Reference Entity. If the Issuer determines more 
than one Successor for the Reference Entity, each of the selected Successors becomes 
a Reference Entity. The weighting of the original Reference Entity is allocated in 
accordance with the number of Successors. The Investor now bears the risk that a 
Credit Event can occur in the future with regard to each Successor as a new Reference 
Entity.  
In the case of Credit Linked Notes with multiple Reference Entities, the Securityholder 
bears an additional risk. The Successor of a Reference Entity can already be a 
Reference Entity. This has the result that the weighting of the affected Reference 
Entity increases compared to the other Reference Entities. Upon the occurrence of a 
Credit Event at that Reference Entity, therefore, there is a higher risk of loss than in 
the case prior to the succession. 
It is even possible that the number of Reference Entities can be reduced to one in the 
case of Credit Linked Notes with two or more Reference Entities. The Securityholder 
then loses the benefit of risk diversification with two Reference Entities. 
(H) 
Suspension of payment of principal and interest  
In certain circumstances (for example, where a Credit Event has occurred and the 
related credit loss has not been determined as at the relevant date for payment, or, if

--- Page 38 ---
Risk Factors
 
34 
 
applicable, where a potential Credit Event exists as at the Scheduled Redemption Date 
of the Credit Linked Notes), Securityholders may be adversely affected where 
payment of the redemption amount and/or interest on the Credit Linked Notes is 
deferred for a material period in whole or part without compensation to the holders of 
the Credit Linked Notes.  
(I) 
Use of Auction Settlement may adversely affect returns to Securityholders 
Where Credit Linked Notes are redeemed or settled by reference to a market auction 
process, the losses determined pursuant to such market auction process may be greater 
than the losses which would have been determined had an alternative settlement 
method been used. In particular, the auction process may be affected by technical 
factors or operational errors which would not otherwise apply or may be the subject 
of actual or attempted manipulation. Where this is the case, Securityholders of Credit 
Linked Notes may receive a lower amount on redemption or settlement of their Credit 
Linked Notes than would otherwise be the case.  
(J) 
Use of Cash Settlement may adversely affect returns to Securityholders 
If the Credit Linked Notes are cash settled, then, following the occurrence of a Credit 
Event, the Calculation Agent will be required to seek quotations in respect of selected 
obligations of the affected Reference Entity. Quotations obtained will be "bid-side" - 
that is, they will be reduced to take account of a bid-offer spread charged by the 
relevant dealer. Such quotations may not be available, or the level of such quotations 
may be substantially reduced or may vary substantially as a result of illiquidity in the 
relevant markets or as a result of factors other than the credit risk of the affected 
Reference Entity (for example, liquidity constraints affecting market dealers). 
Accordingly, any quotations so obtained may be significantly lower than the value of 
the relevant obligation which would be determined by reference to (for example) the 
present value of related cashflows. Quotations will be deemed to be zero in the event 
that no such quotations are available. Accordingly, Securityholders may receive a 
lower amount on redemption or settlement of their Credit Linked Notes than would 
otherwise be the case.  
(K) 
"Cheapest-to-Deliver" risk  
Since the Issuer, as buyer of protection in respect of the Credit Linked Notes, has 
discretion to choose the portfolio of obligations and/or assets to be valued or delivered 
following a Credit Event in respect of a Reference Entity, it is likely that the portfolio 
of obligations and/or assets selected will be obligations of the Reference Entity and/or 
assets with the lowest market value that are permitted to be selected pursuant to the 
terms of the Credit Linked Notes. This could result in a lower recovery value and 
hence greater losses for Securityholders of the Credit Linked Notes.  
(L) 
Risks Related to Market Returns  
The views of market participants and/or legal counsel may differ as to how the terms 
of market standard credit default swaps, and the corresponding terms of the Credit 
Linked Notes, should be interpreted, or such terms may operate in a manner contrary 
to the expectations of market participants and/or adversely to the interests of holders 
of the Credit Linked Notes. The market value or return on the Credit Linked Notes 
may therefore be less than the Securityholder expects to receive at the point at which 
they purchase the Credit Linked Notes.

--- Page 39 ---
Risk Factors
 
35 
 
(M) 
Asset Package risks  
In certain circumstances where (a) "Financial Reference Entity Terms" and 
"Governmental Intervention" apply in respect of a Reference Entity and (i) there is a 
Governmental Intervention Credit Event; or (ii) a Restructuring Credit Event in 
respect of the Reference Obligation where such Restructuring does not constitute a 
Governmental Intervention or (b) a Restructuring Credit Event in respect of a 
sovereign, then a related asset package resulting from a prior deliverable obligation 
(where "Financial Reference Entity Terms" apply) or package observable bond (where 
the Reference Entity is a sovereign) may be deliverable.  
If the resulting asset package is deemed to be zero where there are no resulting assets, 
the negative impact on Investors could be a related credit loss borne by 
Securityholders of 100 per cent. of their investment notwithstanding the recovery 
value on any other obligations of the Reference Entity.  
If an asset in the asset package is a non-transferable instrument or non-financial 
instrument, the value of such asset will be the market value determined by reference 
to a specialist valuation or in accordance with methodology determined by the Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committees, which valuation may result in losses to be 
borne by Investors which may be greater than the losses which would have been 
determined in the absence of such valuation methodology being used. Accordingly, 
Securityholders may receive a lower amount on redemption or settlement of their 
Credit Linked Notes than would otherwise be the case if an alternative settlement 
method were used.  
(N) 
Risks Associated with Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees  
The institutions of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees owe no duty to 
the Securityholders and have the ability to make determinations that may have a 
material adverse effect on the Investors, such as the occurrence of a Credit Event or a 
Succession Event. A Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee may be able to 
make determinations without action or knowledge of the Investors.  
The powers of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees may be expanded 
or modified as a result of amendments to the Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committees Rules. Investors may have no role in the composition of any Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee and may have no recourse against either the 
institutions serving on a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee or the external 
reviewers.  
(O) 
The Calculation Agent may modify the terms of the Credit Linked Notes  
If so provided in the Issue Terms, the Calculation Agent may, without the consent of 
Securityholders or prior notice to Investors, following its determination that there has 
been a change in the prevailing market standard terms or market trading conventions 
that affects any hedging transaction, modify the terms of the Credit Linked Notes to 
the extent reasonably necessary to ensure consistency with those prevailing market 
standard terms or market trading conventions. The Calculation Agent is not obliged to 
make any such modifications. If the Calculation Agent modifies the terms of the Credit 
Linked Notes, it must act reasonably in doing so; however, any such modification may 
be prejudicial to the interests of the holders of the Credit Linked Notes in that such a 
modification may adversely affect the market value of the Credit Linked Notes or the 
amount which a Securityholder would be entitled to receive on redemption or 
settlement of the Credit Linked Notes.

--- Page 40 ---
Risk Factors
 
36 
 
(P) 
Complex analysis 
The analysis of the risks related to the Credit Linked Notes is complex. It can 
especially be difficult for the Investor to assess the probability of the occurrence of a 
Credit Event. 
The risks related to the respective Reference Entity and the analysis of the probability 
of the occurrence of a Credit Event are complex. The trading and the pricing of the 
Credit Linked Notes depend on the trading and the pricing of the credit risks of the 
Reference Entity. Trading and pricing these credit risks occur in markets which are 
not very transparent and lie outside stock exchanges. It is also possible that not all 
bonds or obligations of the Reference Entity are traded on stock exchanges. This can 
make it difficult to analyse the probability of the occurrence of a Credit Event at the 
Reference Entity.  
The Securityholder should, therefore, consider that all information for analysing the 
relevant credit risks may not be complete or publicly available on a specific date. In 
order to assess the credit risk of the respective Reference Entity, the Investor should 
consider and analyse the following information. Securityholders should base their 
investment decisions on the following: 
• 
All available public information about the capacity and the financial situation 
of the Reference Entity, and 
• 
The published financial information or the published government debt. 
The probability that a Credit Event occurs with regard to one or more Reference 
Entity(ies) depends, among other aspects, on the following factors: 
• 
The financial position and earning situation and other key data of the relevant 
Reference Entity,  
• 
The general economy,  
• 
The position in specific markets, 
• 
Political events, developments or trends in certain industries, or  
• 
Changes in the applicable interest rates. 
The Securityholder should, therefore, thoroughly examine the Reference Entity(ies). 
Securityholders should especially conduct their own research and make their own 
analyses with regard to the credit standing of the Reference Entity(ies). 
Securityholders should also analyse the probability of the occurrence of a Credit Event 
with regard to the Reference Entity(ies).  
The Securityholder should be aware that the financial and earnings positions of 
Reference Entities or government debt of governmental Reference Entities can 
change. The other above-mentioned parameters can also experience adverse changes 
during the term of the Credit Linked Notes. The Securityholder should be aware that 
information for analysing credit risks is not necessarily completely or publicly 
available on a specific date. 
(Q) 
Correlated Credit Risks  
In purchasing Credit Linked Notes, Investors assume credit exposure to both the Issuer 
and the specified Reference Entity or Reference Entities. The credit risk to

--- Page 41 ---
Risk Factors
 
37 
 
Securityholders may further be increased if the specified Reference Entity or 
Reference Entities are concentrated in the same industry sector or geographic area as 
the Issuer. In the case of Credit Linked Notes linked to more than one Reference 
Entity, the risks of default of such related Reference Entities may be highly correlated.  
(R) 
Risks resulting from laws governing recovery and resolutions in the case of Financial 
Reference Entities 
The content and scope of the applicable national legislation on recovery and 
resolutions of financial institutions can increase the probability of the occurrence of a 
Credit Event in certain circumstances where "Financial Reference Entity Terms" and 
"Governmental Intervention" applies in respect of a Reference Entity. 
The law applicable to a financial institution governing recovery and resolutions can 
permit substantial influence and impact on the obligations of a financial institution. 
Measures including a reduction of debt are conceivable. All these measures can 
possibly occur in advance of any insolvency. In particular, measures can be carried 
out if the financial institution threatens to fail or, for example, if the loss of its banking 
license is feared. 
In the case of Credit Linked Notes related to Financial Reference Entities, the 
Securityholder must accordingly particularly pay attention to the fact that they depend 
to a high degree on the content and scope of the applicable national legislation on 
recovery and resolutions. 
In the case of a Financial Reference Entity, a Credit Event may occur with respect to 
a senior non-preferred debt instrument if the senior non-preferred status is specified 
for the respective obligation. Such senior non-preferred debt instruments rank in 
bankruptcy proceedings after other unsecured senior liabilities of a financial 
institution. Accordingly, these senior non-preferred debt instruments will become 
subject to resolution action before other unsecured senior liabilities. Investors 
therefore bear the risk of a Credit Event even if other senior liabilities of the financial 
institution are (still) not affected by that Credit Event. 
(S) 
Risks in the case of Reference Entities in emerging countries 
Credit Linked Notes which relate to Reference Entities in emerging countries involve 
additional risks.  
The Reference Entities can also be an emerging country or a developing country or a 
company in such a sovereign. Such Credit Linked Notes involve additional risks. They 
can be of a legal, political or economic nature (including a collapse of the currency).  
There are substantial legal, economic and political risks in the case of emerging 
countries and developing countries. These risks can be greater than for EU Member 
States or other industrialised countries. The risks include the unstable political or 
economic situation, increased inflation as well as higher currency risks. There can also 
be less available public information about Reference Entities in emerging countries 
and developing countries. Ratings agencies operating in emerging or developing 
countries may not be subject to standards that are as stringent as those in other 
countries. Securities markets in emerging countries can have a substantially lower 
trading volume than in developed markets. The securities markets may possibly be 
less liquid than developed securities markets in industrialised countries. Experience 
shows that the prices on such securities markets fluctuate more strongly.

--- Page 42 ---
Risk Factors
 
38 
 
(T) 
No guarantees of the Issuer 
The Issuer does not give any warranties or guarantees with regard to the credit standing 
of the Reference Entity. The selection of a Reference Entity for the Credit Linked 
Notes is not based on the assessments by the Issuer with regard to the future 
development of the credit standing of that Reference Entity. 
The Issuer's obligations in respect of Credit Linked Notes are independent of the 
existence or amount of the Issuer's and/or any of its affiliates' credit exposure to a 
Reference Entity and the Issuer and/or any of its affiliates need not suffer any loss nor 
provide evidence of any loss as a result of the occurrence of a Credit Event. 
(U) 
Limited information available to Securityholders 
The Securityholder bears the risk that the Investor will not be fully informed about the 
Reference Entity. Not all information about the Reference Entity is publicly available. 
The Issuer does not conduct any research with regard to the respective Reference 
Entity. The Securityholder cannot rely on events being published with regard to the 
Reference Entity. Especially events which have occurred (shortly) before issuing the 
Credit Linked Notes are not necessarily already published in publicly available 
sources. 
When considering the merits and risks of an investment in Credit Linked Notes, the 
Securityholder should be aware that public information in respect of relevant 
Reference Entity(ies) may be inaccurate, out of date or misleading. 
The Issuer also may have non-public information with regard to the respective 
Reference Entity during the term of the Credit Linked Notes. The Issuer is not required 
to disclose this information to the Investor. This also applies if the Issuer is not 
required to treat the information as confidential. The Issuer is also not required to keep 
the Investor continuously informed about the economic development of the Reference 
Entity. This also applies for information which indicates the occurrence of a Credit 
Event or a succession in right for the respective Reference Entity.  
Therefore, there is a risk that the Issuer has better information than the Securityholder 
with regard to the Reference Entity.  
(V) 
Rating information about Reference Entities 
The Securityholder bears the risk that the ratings for the Reference Entity may 
deteriorate.  
Ratings are produced by rating agencies on the basis of public and non-public 
information about a Reference Entity. Published ratings about a Reference Entity, 
despite their wide-spread use, represent only a condensed variable for the valuation. 
A rating of a Reference Entity reflects the Reference Entity's credit standing. The 
rating constitutes an assessment of the possibilities for the Reference Entity to comply 
with its payment obligations in the future. A rating, however, might not be 
representative of all the risks that may affect the Reference Entity, can be based on 
limited information about the Reference Entity and does not constitute a 
recommendation to make investments in respect of the Reference Entity. Ratings may 
be modified or withdrawn at any time by any of the relevant rating agencies and might 
therefore change during the term of the Credit Linked Notes. Any change in the rating 
of a Reference Entity can have an adverse effect on the value of the Credit Linked 
Notes.

--- Page 43 ---
Risk Factors
 
39 
 
(xii) 
Risks of Hybrid Securities 
In addition to the risks related to Credit Linked Notes set out in (xi) above, depending on the 
specific Features they include, Hybrid Securities may also be subject to the risks related to 
Structured Securities set out in (i) through (ix) above. Accordingly, Securityholders may lose 
part or even all of their investment under the circumstances described therein. 
(b) 
In certain circumstances, the Issuer has the right to redeem the Securities prior to scheduled 
maturity and other than on an early redemption date. In such cases, Securityholders will receive the 
Early Redemption Amount, which may be zero 
The Issuer has the right to redeem the Securities early in certain circumstances set out in the terms and 
conditions of the Securities; for example if an adjustment is not possible or upon occurrence of a 
Special Circumstance. In such cases, the Issuer will redeem the Securities at the Early Redemption 
Amount, i.e., in the event of an early redemption there will be no right to payment of any amount 
provided for in the terms and conditions of the Securities to be calculated on the basis of a redemption 
formula at the end of the term. Securityholders should note that such amount may be zero in the worst 
case, i.e., the Securityholder may suffer a total loss of the capital invested.  
In the case of an early redemption, the Investor may only be able to reinvest the amount to be paid by 
the Issuer on less favourable market terms compared with those existing when the Security was 
purchased.  
Finally, Securityholders bear the risk that their expectations with respect to a potential increase in the 
value of a Security over its scheduled term will not be realised due to the early termination of the 
Security. 
(c) 
Market disruptions and adjustment measures may negatively affect the value of and return on the 
Securities and lead to payment delays 
Under the terms and conditions of the Securities, the Calculation Agent may determine that a market 
disruption event has occurred or exists at a certain time. Such an event could lead to the postponement 
of a date on which the Calculation Agent is to establish a valuation of the Underlying (for example in 
some cases up to 5 or more trading days) and in certain circumstances lead to the Calculation Agent 
having to estimate the relevant price or level of such Underlying or to a corresponding delay in the 
settlement of the Securities. No interest shall be payable in respect of any such postponement of the 
settlement of the Securities and any such postponement or estimate of value could have a negative 
impact on the value of and return on the Securities. 
Adjustments will be made in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Securities. In the event 
of adjustments relating to the Underlying(s), it is possible that the estimates and/or assumptions on 
which an adjustment was based turn out to be incorrect and that the adjustment turns out to be 
unfavourable for the Investor and that the adjustment has a negative impact on the value of or return 
on the Securities. 
(d) 
The terms and conditions of the Securities may be amended by the Issuer without the consent of the 
Securityholders in certain circumstances 
The terms and conditions of the Securities (other than Securities governed by French law) may be 
amended by the Issuer without the consent of the Investors if the amendment is of a formal, minor or 
technical nature, or is made to correct a manifest error or to comply with mandatory provisions of the 
law.  
In the case of Securities governed by French law which (i) have a specified denomination at least equal 
to EUR 100,000 or (ii) have a minimum trading size of at least EUR 100,000, the terms and conditions 
of the Securities may be amended by the Issuer without the consent of the Securityholders to correct a

--- Page 44 ---
Risk Factors
 
40 
 
manifest error. In other circumstances, the consent of a defined majority of holders is required to make 
amendments. 
In addition, the terms and conditions of the Securities may be amended by the Issuer without the 
consent of the Investors in certain additional circumstances including as a result of certain events in 
respect of the underlying assets (including, but not limited to, adjustment events, potential adjustment 
events, extraordinary events and certain disruption events (as specified in the relevant underlying 
specific conditions)). 
In the above circumstances, the terms and conditions of the Securities may be amended without the 
Investor's consent or against the Investor's wishes. 
2.2 
Risks associated with Bail-inable Securities  
(a) 
Bail-inable Securities will be subject to risks, including non-payment in full or conversion in whole 
or in part – by means of a transaction or series of transactions and in one or more steps – into 
common shares of the Bank or any of its affiliates, under Canadian bank resolution powers. 
Bail-inable Securities are subject to conversion in whole or in part – by means of a transaction or series 
of transactions and in one or more steps – into common shares of the Bank or any of its affiliates under 
subsection 39.2(2.3) of the CDIC Act and to variation or extinguishment in consequence and subject 
to the application of the laws of the Province of Ontario and the federal laws of Canada applicable 
therein in respect of the operation of the CDIC Act with respect to the Securities. Notwithstanding any 
other terms of the Bank's liability, any other law that governs the Bank's liability and any other 
agreement, arrangement or understanding between the parties with respect to the Bank's liability, each 
holder or beneficial owner of an interest in the Bail-inable Securities is deemed to be bound by the 
laws of the Province of Ontario and the federal laws of Canada applicable therein in respect of the 
operation of the CDIC Act with respect to the Bail-inable Securities and is deemed to attorn to the 
jurisdiction of the courts in the Province of Ontario in Canada. 
Certain provisions of and regulations under the Bail-in Regime provide for a bank recapitalisation 
regime for banks designated by the Superintendent as D-SIBs, which include the Bank. 
The expressed objectives of the Bail-in Regime (as defined herein) include reducing government and 
taxpayer exposure in the unlikely event of a failure of a D-SIB, reducing the likelihood of such a failure 
by increasing market discipline and reinforcing that bank shareholders and creditors are responsible 
for the D-SIBs' risks and not taxpayers, and preserving financial stability by empowering the Canada 
Deposit Insurance Corporation ("CDIC"), Canada's resolution authority, to quickly restore a failed 
D-SIB to viability and allow it to remain open and operating, even where the D-SIB has experienced 
severe losses. 
Under the CDIC Act, in circumstances where the Superintendent is of the opinion that the Bank has 
ceased, or is about to cease, to be viable and viability cannot be restored or preserved by exercise of 
the Superintendent's powers under the Bank Act, the Superintendent, after providing the Bank with a 
reasonable opportunity to make representations, is required to provide a report to CDIC. Following 
receipt of the Superintendent's report, CDIC may request the Minister of Finance for Canada 
(the "Minister of Finance") to recommend that the Governor in Council (Canada) make an Order (as 
defined below) and, if the Minister of Finance is of the opinion that it is in the public interest to do so, 
the Minister of Finance may recommend that the Governor in Council (Canada) make, and on such 
recommendation, the Governor in Council (Canada) may make, one or more Orders including a 
Conversion Order.  
Upon the making of a Conversion Order, prescribed shares and liabilities under the Bail-in Regime 
that are subject to that Conversion Order will, to the extent converted, be converted into common 
shares of the Bank or any of its affiliates, as determined by CDIC. Subject to certain exceptions 
discussed below, the Bail-in Regime provides that senior debt issued on or after 23 September 2018, 
with an initial or amended term to maturity (including explicit or embedded options) greater than 400

--- Page 45 ---
Risk Factors
 
41 
 
days, that is unsecured or partially secured and that has been assigned a CUSIP or ISIN or similar 
identification number are subject to a Bail-in Conversion. Shares, other than common shares, and 
subordinated debt of the Bank will also be subject to a Bail-in Conversion, unless they are non-viability 
contingent capital. All Securities that are subject to Bail-in Conversion will be identified as Bail-inable 
Securities in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Securities, any applicable Pricing 
Supplement. 
Covered bonds, derivatives and certain structured securities (as such term is used under the Bail-in 
Regime) are expressly excluded from a Bail-in Conversion. To the extent that any Securities constitute 
structured securities (as such term is used under the Bail-in Regime) they will not be Bail-inable 
Securities and will not be identified as Bail-inable Securities in the applicable Final Terms or, in the 
case of Exempt Securities, any applicable Pricing Supplement. As a result, claims of some creditors 
whose claims would otherwise rank equally with those of the holders of Bail-inable Securities would 
be excluded from a Bail-in Conversion and thus the holders and beneficial owners of Bail-inable 
Securities will have to absorb losses ahead of these other creditors as a result of the Bail-in Conversion 
while other creditors may not be exposed to losses. 
If the CDIC were to take action under the Canadian bank resolution powers with respect to the Bank, 
this could result in holders or beneficial owners of Bail-inable Securities being exposed to conversion 
of the Bail-inable Securities in whole or in part. Upon a Bail-in Conversion, the holders of Bail-inable 
Securities that are converted will be obligated to accept the common shares of the Bank or any of its 
affiliates into which such Bail-inable Securities, or any portion thereof, are converted even if such 
holders do not at the time consider such common shares to be an appropriate investment for them, and 
despite any change in the Bank or any of its affiliates or the fact that such common shares are issued 
by an affiliate of the Bank or any disruption to or lack of a market for such common shares or disruption 
to capital markets generally. The terms and conditions of the Bail-in Conversion will be determined 
by CDIC in accordance with and subject to certain requirements discussed below. As described in 
greater detail in (e) below, the number of common shares to be issued in connection with, and the 
number of common shares that will be outstanding following, a Bail-in Conversion are unknown. It is 
also unknown whether the shares to be issued will be those of the Bank or one of its affiliates. 
As a result, holders of Bail-inable Securities should consider the risk that they may lose all or part of 
their investment, plus any accrued interest or additional amounts, if CDIC were to take action under 
the Canadian bank resolution powers, including the Bail-in Regime, and that any remaining 
outstanding Bail-inable Securities, or common shares of the Bank or any of its affiliates into which 
Bail-inable Securities are converted, may be of little value at the time of a Bail-in Conversion and 
thereafter. 
(b) 
Bail-inable Securities will provide only limited acceleration and enforcement rights for the Bail-
inable Securities and will include other provisions intended to qualify such Securities as TLAC.  
In connection with the Bail-in Regime, the OSFI guideline as interpreted by the Superintendent 
(the "TLAC Guideline") on Total Loss Absorbing Capacity ("TLAC") applies to and establishes 
standards for D-SIBs, including the Bank. Under the TLAC Guideline, beginning 1 November 2021, 
the Bank is required to maintain a minimum capacity to absorb losses composed of unsecured external 
long-term debt that meets the prescribed criteria or regulatory capital instruments to support 
recapitalisation in the event of a failure. Bail-inable Securities and regulatory capital instruments that 
meet the prescribed criteria will constitute TLAC of the Bank.  
In order to comply with the TLAC Guideline, Bail-inable Securities must provide for terms and 
conditions necessary to meet the prescribed criteria and qualify at their issuance as TLAC instruments 
of the Bank under the TLAC Guideline. Those criteria include the following:  
• 
the Bank cannot directly or indirectly have provided financing to any person for the express 
purpose of investing in the Bail-inable Securities;

--- Page 46 ---
Risk Factors
 
42 
 
• 
the Bail-inable Securities are not subject to set-off or netting rights; 
• 
the Bail-inable Securities must not provide rights to accelerate repayment of principal or interest 
payments outside of bankruptcy, insolvency, wind-up or liquidation, except that events of default 
relating to the non-payment of scheduled principal and/or interest payments will be permitted 
where they are subject to a cure period of no less than 30 business days and clearly disclose to 
investors that: (i) acceleration is only permitted where an Order (as defined below) has not been 
made in respect of the Bank; and (ii) notwithstanding any acceleration, the instrument could still 
be subject to a Bail-in Conversion prior to its repayment; 
• 
the Bail-inable Securities may be redeemed or purchased for cancellation (as applicable) only at 
the initiative of the Bank and, where the redemption or purchase would lead to a breach of the 
Bank's minimum TLAC requirements, that redemption or purchase would be subject to the prior 
approval of the Superintendent; 
• 
the Bail-inable Securities do not have credit-sensitive dividend or coupon features that are reset 
periodically based in whole or in part on the Bank's credit standing; and 
• 
where an amendment or variance of the Bail-inable Securities' terms and conditions would affect 
its recognition as TLAC, such amendment or variance will only be permitted with the prior 
approval of the Superintendent. 
As a result, the terms of the Bail-inable Securities provide that acceleration will only be permitted (i) 
if the Bank defaults in the payment of the principal or interest for a period of more than 30 business 
days, or (ii) certain bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganisation events occur. Holders and beneficial 
owners of Bail-inable Securities may only exercise, or direct the exercise of, such rights in respect of 
Bail-inable Securities where an Order has not been made under Canadian bank resolution powers 
pursuant to subsection 39.13(1) of the CDIC Act in respect of the Bank. Notwithstanding the exercise 
of those rights, Bail-inable Securities will continue to be subject to Bail-in Conversion until paid in 
full.  
The terms of the Bail-inable Securities also provide that holders or beneficial owners of Bail-inable 
Securities will not be entitled to exercise, or direct the exercise of, any set-off or netting rights with 
respect to Bail-inable Securities. In addition, where an amendment, modification or other variance that 
can be made to the Bail-inable Securities would affect the recognition of the Bail-inable Securities by 
the Superintendent as TLAC, that amendment, modification or variance will require the prior approval 
of the Superintendent. 
The bail-in regime and TLAC Guideline could adversely affect the Bank's cost of funding. 
(c) 
Canadian bank resolutions powers confer substantial powers on Canadian authorities designed to 
enable them to take a range of actions in relation to the Bank where a determination is made that 
the Bank has ceased, or is about to cease, to be viable and such viability cannot be restored or 
preserved, which if taken could result in holders or beneficial owners of Bail-inable Securities being 
exposed to losses  
Under the CDIC Act, in circumstances where the Superintendent is of the opinion that the Bank has 
ceased, or is about to cease, to be viable and viability cannot be restored or preserved by exercise of 
the Superintendent's powers under the Bank Act, the Superintendent, after providing the Bank with a 
reasonable opportunity to make representations, is required to provide a report to CDIC, Canada's 
resolution authority. Following receipt of the Superintendent's report, CDIC may request the Minister 
of Finance to recommend that the Governor in Council (Canada) make an Order (as defined below) 
and, if the Minister of Finance is of the opinion that it is in the public interest to do so, the Minister of 
Finance may recommend that the Governor in Council (Canada) make, and on such recommendation, 
the Governor in Council (Canada) may make, one or more of the following orders (each, an "Order"):

--- Page 47 ---
Risk Factors
 
43 
 
• 
vesting in CDIC, the shares and subordinated debt of the Bank specified in the Order (a "Vesting 
Order"); 
• 
appointing CDIC as receiver in respect of the Bank (a "Receivership Order"); 
• 
if a Receivership Order has been made, directing the Minister of Finance to incorporate a federal 
institution designated in the Order as a bridge institution wholly-owned by CDIC and specifying 
the date and time as of which the Bank's deposit liabilities are assumed (a "Bridge Bank Order"); 
or 
• 
if a Vesting Order or Receivership Order has been made, directing CDIC to carry out a conversion, 
by converting or causing the Bank to convert, in whole or in part – by means of a transaction or 
series of transactions and in one or more steps – the shares and liabilities of the Bank that are 
subject to the Bail-in Regime into common shares of the Bank or any of its affiliates (a 
"Conversion Order"). 
Following a Vesting Order or a Receivership Order, CDIC will assume temporary control or ownership 
of the Bank and will be granted broad powers under that Order, including the power to sell or dispose 
of all or a part of the assets of the Bank, and the power to carry out or cause the Bank to carry out a 
transaction or a series of transactions the purpose of which is to restructure the business of the Bank. 
Under a Bridge Bank Order, CDIC has the power to transfer the Bank's insured deposit liabilities and 
certain assets and other liabilities of the Bank to a bridge institution. Upon the exercise of that power, 
any assets and liabilities of the Bank that are not transferred to the bridge institution would remain 
with the Bank, which would then be wound up. In such a scenario, any liabilities of the Bank, including 
any outstanding Securities that are not assumed by the bridge institution could receive only partial or 
no payment in the ensuing wind-up of the Bank. 
If the CDIC were to take action under the Canadian bank resolution powers with respect to the Bank, 
this could result in holders or beneficial owners of Securities being exposed to losses. 
(d) 
The circumstances surrounding a Bail-in Conversion are unpredictable and can be expected to have 
an adverse effect on the market price of Bail-inable Securities. 
The decision as to whether the Bank has ceased, or is about to cease, to be viable is a subjective 
determination by the Superintendent that is outside the control of the Bank. Upon a Bail-in Conversion, 
the interests of depositors and holders of liabilities and securities of the Bank that are not converted 
will effectively all rank in priority to the portion of Bail-inable Securities that are converted. In 
addition, except as provided for under the compensation process, the rights of holders in respect of the 
Bail-inable Securities that have been converted will rank in parity with other holders of common shares 
of the Bank (or, as applicable, common shares of the affiliate whose common shares are issued on the 
Bail-in Conversion).  
There is no limitation on the type of Order that may be made where it has been determined that the 
Bank has ceased, or is about to cease, to be viable. As a result, holders of Bail-inable Securities may 
be exposed to losses through the use of Canadian bank resolution powers other than a Conversion 
Order or in liquidation.  
Because of the uncertainty regarding when and whether an Order will be made and the type of Order 
that may be made, it will be difficult to predict when, if at all, Bail-inable Securities could be converted 
into common shares of the Bank or any of its affiliates and there is not likely to be any advance notice 
of an Order. As a result of this uncertainty, trading behaviour in respect of the Bail-inable Securities 
may not follow trading behaviour associated with convertible or exchangeable securities or, in 
circumstances where the Bank is trending towards ceasing to be viable, other senior debt. Any 
indication, whether real or perceived, that the Bank is trending towards ceasing to be viable can be 
expected to have an adverse effect on the market price of the Bail-inable Securities. Therefore, in those

--- Page 48 ---
Risk Factors
 
44 
 
circumstances, holders of Bail-inable Securities may not be able to sell their Bail-inable Securities 
easily or at prices comparable to those of senior debt securities not subject to Bail-in Conversion. 
(e) 
The number of common shares to be issued in connection with, and the number of common shares 
that will be outstanding following, a Bail-in Conversion are unknown. It is also unknown whether 
the shares to be issued will be those of the Bank or one of its affiliates. 
Under the Bail-in Regime there is no fixed and pre-determined contractual conversion ratio for the 
conversion of the Bail-inable Securities, or other shares or liabilities of the Bank that are subject to a 
Bail-in Conversion, into common shares of the Bank or any of its affiliates nor are there specific 
requirements regarding whether liabilities subject to a Bail-in Conversion are converted into common 
shares of the Bank or any of its affiliates. CDIC determines the timing of the Bail-in Conversion, the 
portion of Bail-inable shares and liabilities to be converted and the terms and conditions of the Bail-in 
Conversion, subject to parameters set out in the Bail-in Regime. Those parameters, include that:  
• 
in carrying out a Bail-in Conversion, CDIC must take into consideration the requirement in the 
Bank Act for banks to maintain adequate capital; 
• 
CDIC must use its best efforts to ensure that shares and liabilities subject to a Bail-in Conversion 
are only converted after all subordinate ranking shares and liabilities that are subject to a Bail-in 
Conversion and any subordinate non-viability contingent capital instruments have been previously 
converted or are converted during the same restructuring period; 
• 
CDIC must use its best efforts to ensure that the converted part of the liquidation entitlement of a 
share subject to a Bail-in Conversion, or the converted part of the principal amount and accrued 
and unpaid interest of a liability subject to a Bail-in Conversion, is converted on a pro rata basis 
for all shares or liabilities subject to a Bail-in Conversion of equal rank that are converted during 
the same restructuring period; 
• 
holders of shares and liabilities that are subject to a Bail-in Conversion must receive a greater 
number of common shares per dollar of the converted part of the liquidation entitlement of their 
shares, or the converted part of the principal amount and accrued and unpaid interest of their 
liabilities, than holders of any subordinate shares or liabilities subject to a Bail-in Conversion that 
are converted during the same restructuring period or of any subordinate non-viability contingent 
capital that is converted during the same restructuring period; 
• 
holders of shares or liabilities subject to a Bail-in Conversion of equal rank that are converted 
during the same restructuring period must receive the same number of common shares per dollar 
of the converted part of the liquidation entitlement of their shares or the converted part of the 
principal amount and accrued and unpaid interest of their liabilities; and 
• 
holders of shares or liabilities subject to a Bail-in Conversion must receive, if any non-viability 
contingent capital of equal rank to the shares or liabilities is converted during the same 
restructuring period, a number of common shares per dollar of the converted part of the liquidation 
entitlement of their shares, or the converted part of the principal amount and accrued and unpaid 
interest of their liabilities, that is equal to the largest number of common shares received by any 
holder of the non-viability contingent capital per dollar of that capital. 
As a result, it is not possible to anticipate the potential number of common shares of the Bank or its 
affiliates that would be issued in respect of any Bail-inable Securities converted on a Bail-in 
Conversion, the aggregate number of such common shares that will be outstanding following the Bail-
in Conversion, the effect of dilution on the common shares received in respect of any Bail-inable 
Securities converted on a Bail-in Conversion from other issuances of common shares of the same 
issuer under or in connection with an Order or related actions in respect of the Bank or its affiliates or 
the value of any common shares received by the holders of converted Bail-inable Securities, which 
could be significantly less than the amount which may otherwise have been due under the converted

--- Page 49 ---
Risk Factors
 
45 
 
Bail-inable Securities. It is also not possible to anticipate whether shares of the Bank or shares of its 
affiliates would be issued in a Bail-in Conversion. There may be an illiquid market, or no market at 
all, in the common shares issued upon a Bail-in Conversion and such holders may not be able to sell 
those common shares at a price equal to the value of the converted Bail-inable Securities and as a result 
may suffer significant losses that may not be offset by compensation, if any, received as part of the 
compensation process. Fluctuations in exchange rates may exacerbate such losses. 
(f) 
By acquiring Bail-inable Securities, each holder or beneficial owner of those Bail-inable Securities 
is deemed to agree to be bound by a Bail-in Conversion and so will have no further rights in respect 
of its Bail-inable Securities to the extent those Bail-inable Securities are converted in a Bail-in 
Conversion other than those provided under the Bail-in Regime. Any potential compensation to be 
provided through the compensation process under the CDIC Act is unknown. 
The CDIC Act provides for a compensation process for holders of Bail-inable Securities who 
immediately prior to the making of an Order, directly or through an intermediary, own Bail-inable 
Securities that are converted in a Bail-in Conversion. While this process applies to successors of such 
holders it does not apply to assignees or transferees of the holder following the making of the Order 
and does not apply if the amounts owing under the relevant Bail-inable Securities are paid in full. 
Under the compensation process, the compensation to which such holders are entitled is the difference, 
to the extent it is positive, between the estimated liquidation value and the estimated resolution value 
of the relevant Bail-inable Securities. The liquidation value is the estimated value the Bail-inable 
Securities holders would have received if an order under the Winding-up and Restructuring Act 
(Canada) had been made in respect of the Bank, as if no Order had been made and without taking into 
consideration any assistance, financial or otherwise, that is or may be provided to the Bank, directly 
or indirectly, by CDIC, the Bank of Canada, the Government of Canada or a province of Canada, after 
any order to wind up the Bank has been made.  
The resolution value in respect of relevant Bail-inable Securities is the aggregate estimated value of 
the following: (a) the relevant Bail-inable Securities, if they are not held by CDIC and they are not 
converted, after the making of an Order, into common shares under a Bail-in Conversion; (b) common 
shares that are the result of a Bail-in Conversion after the making of an Order; (c) any dividend or 
interest payments made, after the making of the Order, with respect to the relevant Bail-inable 
Securities to any person other than CDIC; and (d) any other cash, securities or other rights or interests 
that are received or to be received with respect to the relevant Bail-inable Securities as a direct or 
indirect result of the making of the Order and any actions taken in furtherance of the Order, including 
from CDIC, the Bank, the liquidator of the Bank, if the Bank is wound up, the liquidator of a CDIC 
subsidiary incorporated or acquired by order of the Governor in Council for the purposes of facilitating 
the acquisition, management or disposal of real property or other assets of the Bank that CDIC may 
acquire as the result of its operations that is liquidated or the liquidator of a bridge institution if the 
bridge institution is wound up. 
In connection with the compensation process, CDIC is required to estimate the liquidation value and 
the resolution value in respect of the portion of converted Bail-inable Securities and is required to 
consider the difference between the estimated day on which the liquidation value would be received 
and the estimated day on which the resolution value is, or would be, received.  
CDIC must, within a reasonable period following a Bail-in Conversion, make an offer of compensation 
by notice to the relevant holders that held Bail-inable Securities equal to, or in value estimated to be 
equal to, the amount of compensation to which such holders are entitled or provide a notice stating 
that such holders are not entitled to any compensation. In either case such notice is required to include 
certain prescribed information, including important information regarding the rights of such holders 
to seek to object and have the compensation to which they are entitled determined by an assessor (a 
Canadian Federal Court judge) where holders of liabilities representing at least 10 per cent. of the 
principal amount and accrued and unpaid interest of the liabilities of the same class object to the offer 
or absence of compensation. The period for objecting is limited (45 days following the day on which

--- Page 50 ---
Risk Factors
 
46 
 
a summary of the notice is published in the Canada Gazette) and failure by holders holding a sufficient 
principal amount plus accrued and unpaid interest of affected Bail-inable Securities to object within 
the prescribed period will result in the loss of any ability to object to the offered compensation or 
absence of compensation, as applicable. CDIC will pay each relevant holder the offered compensation 
within 135 days after the date on which a summary of the notice is published in the Canada Gazette if 
the offer of compensation is accepted by the holder, the holder does not notify CDIC of acceptance or 
objection to the offer within the aforementioned 45-day period or the holder objects to the offer but 
the 10 per cent. threshold described above is not met within the aforementioned 45-day period.  
Where an assessor is appointed, the assessor could determine a different amount of compensation 
payable, which could either be higher or lower than the original amount. The assessor is required to 
provide holders, whose compensation it determines, notice of its determination. The assessor's 
determination is final and there are no further opportunities for review or appeal. CDIC will pay the 
relevant holders the compensation amount determined by the assessor within 90 days of the assessor's 
notice. 
By its acquisition of an interest in any Bail-inable Security, each holder or beneficial owner of those 
Bail-inable Securities is deemed to agree to be bound by a Bail-in Conversion and so will have no 
further rights in respect of its Bail-inable Securities to the extent those Bail-inable Securities are 
converted in a Bail-in Conversion, other than those provided under the Bail-in Regime.  
A similar compensation process to the one set out above applies, in certain circumstances, where as a 
result of CDIC's exercise of bank resolution powers, Securities are assigned to an entity which is then 
wound-up. 
(g) 
Following a Bail-in Conversion, holders that held Bail-inable Securities that have been converted 
will no longer have rights against the Bank as creditors. 
Upon a Bail-in Conversion, the rights, terms and conditions of the portion of Bail-inable Securities 
that are converted, including with respect to priority and rights on liquidation, will no longer apply as 
the portion of converted Bail-inable Securities will have been converted on a full and permanent basis 
into common shares of the Bank or any of its affiliates ranking on parity with all other outstanding 
common shares of that entity. If a Bail-in Conversion occurs, then the interest of the depositors, other 
creditors and holders of liabilities of the Bank not bailed-in as a result of the Bail-in Conversion will 
all rank in priority to those common shares.  
Given the nature of the Bail-in Conversion, holders or beneficial owners of Bail-inable Securities that 
are converted will become holders or beneficial owners of common shares at a time when the Bank's 
and potentially its affiliates' financial condition has deteriorated. They may also become holders or 
beneficial owners of common shares at a time when the relevant entity may have received or may 
receive a capital injection or equivalent support with terms that may rank in priority to the common 
shares issued in a Bail-in Conversion with respect to the payment of dividends, rights on liquidation 
or other terms although there is no certainty that any such capital injection or support will be 
forthcoming. 
(h) 
Bail-inable Securities may be redeemed after the occurrence of a TLAC Disqualification Event. 
If the applicable Issue Terms specify that a TLAC Disqualification Event is applicable, the Bank may, 
at its option with the prior approval of the Superintendent, redeem all, but not less than all of the 
outstanding Securities of that Series within 90 days of the occurrence of the TLAC Disqualification 
Event at the Early Redemption Amount, together (if applicable) with any accrued but unpaid interest 
to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption. If the Bank redeems the outstanding Securities of that 
Series, holders of such Bail-inable Securities may not be able to reinvest the proceeds from such 
redemption in securities offering a comparable anticipated rate of return. Additionally, although the 
terms of each Series of Bail-inable Securities are anticipated to be established to satisfy the TLAC

--- Page 51 ---
Risk Factors
 
47 
 
criteria within the meaning of the TLAC Guideline to which the Bank is subject, it is possible that any 
Series of Bail-inable Securities may not satisfy the criteria in future rulemaking or interpretations. 
2.3 
Risks associated with various options comprised in the Features of the Securities 
(a) 
There are risks of loss of investment where the Structured Securities have a 'leverage' within its 
Redemption Feature and Downside Feature 
'Leverage' refers to the use of financial techniques to gain additional exposure to the Underlying(s). A 
leverage within the Redemption Feature will magnify the impact of the performance of the 
Underlying(s) to cause a greater or lower return on the Structured Securities than would otherwise be 
the case in the absence of leverage. As such, a leverage within the Redemption Feature magnifies 
losses in adverse market conditions. In the terms of the Structured Securities, the leverage may be 
referred to variously as 'Gearing Rate', 'Return Factor', 'Participation Rate', 'Leverage', or other term 
and the Structured Securities will have 'leverage' where any of these factors is equal to more than 100 
per cent. (or 1.00). The inclusion of a leverage in the Structured Securities means that the Structured 
Securities will be more speculative and riskier than in the absence of such feature, since smaller 
changes in the performance of the Underlying(s) can reduce (or increase) the return on the Structured 
Securities by more than if the Structured Securities did not contain a leverage feature. Investors should 
be aware that a small movement in the value of the Underlying(s) can have a significant effect on the 
value of the Structured Securities. Structured Securities with a leverage within the Redemption Feature 
are more likely to be affected by automatic cancellation in accordance with their terms. In such event, 
Securityholders may lose their investment. 
(b) 
There are risks of significantly reduced returns where the Structured Securities include a cap in its 
Redemption Feature 
Where the Redemption Feature of the Structured Securities provide that the amount payable is subject 
to a pre-defined cap, the Investor's ability to participate in any positive change in the value of the 
Underlying(s) will be limited, no matter how much the level, price or other value of the Underlying(s) 
rises above the cap level over the life of the Structured Securities. Accordingly, the value of or return 
on the Structured Securities may be significantly less than if the Securityholder had purchased the 
Underlying(s) directly. 
(c) 
There are risks of loss of investment where the Structured Securities have a 'barrier' within its 
Coupon Feature or Redemption Feature 
If the calculation of any coupon or the calculation of any Redemption Amount depends on the level, 
value or price of the Reference Rate(s) or Underlying(s) reaching or crossing a 'barrier' during a 
specified period or specified dates during the term of the Structured Securities, such coupon or 
Redemption Amount may alter dramatically depending on whether the barrier is reached or crossed 
(as applicable). This means that the Investor may receive less if the level, value or price of the 
Underlying(s) crosses or reaches (as applicable) a barrier, than if it comes close to the barrier but does 
not reach or cross it (as applicable), and in certain cases the Securityholder might receive no interest 
payments and/or could lose some or all of its investment. 
(d) 
There are risks where the Redemption Feature of Structured Securities depends only on the final 
performance 
If the Redemption Feature of Structured Securities determine the Redemption Amount based on the 
performance of the Underlying(s) as at the Redemption Valuation Date only (rather than in respect of 
multiple periods throughout the term of the Structured Securities) then the Investor may not benefit 
from any movement in level, value or price of the Underlying(s) during the term of the Structured 
Securities that is not reflected in the final performance.

--- Page 52 ---
Risk Factors
 
48 
 
(e) 
''There are risks of reduced returns in relation to Structured Securities linked to the Underlying 
Feature "Weighted Basket" 
Structured Securities with the Underlying Feature "Weighted Basket" are linked to a basket of 
Underlying(s). In this case Securityholders will be exposed to the performance of each Underlying in 
the basket. Securityholders should refer to the relevant risk factors in the section relating to each of the 
asset classes represented. Investors should also consider the level of interdependence or 'correlation' 
between each of the basket constituents with respect to the performance of the basket. If the 
Underlying(s) are correlated, the performance of the Underlying(s) in the basket can be expected to 
move in the same direction (and vice versa) and Securityholders should consider the impact of this 
'correlation' on the performance of the Structured Securities.  
Securityholders should be aware that the performance of a basket with fewer constituents will be more 
affected by changes in the values of any particular basket constituent than a basket with a greater 
number of basket constituents.  
The performance of basket constituents may be moderated or offset by one another. This means that, 
even in the case of a positive performance of one or more constituents, the performance of the basket 
as a whole may be negative if the performance of the other constituents is negative to a greater extent.  
If the Underlyings in the basket have different weights, Securityholders should consider that the lower 
the weighting of the Underlying, the lower the impact of the performance of such Underlying on the 
performance of the entire basket. 
(f) 
Structured Securities with an Underlying Feature "Worst-of" are dependent on the worst 
performing Underlying  
In case of Structured Securities with a "Worst-of" Underlying Feature, Securityholders will be exposed 
to the performance of the Underlying which has the worst performance, rather than any of the other 
Underlying(s). This means that, regardless of how the other Underlying(s) perform, if the worst 
performing Underlying fails to meet a relevant threshold or barrier for the payment of interest or the 
calculation of any redemption amount, Securityholders might receive no interest payments or return 
on their initial investment and they could lose some or all of their investment.  
(g) 
There are risks of loss of interest where the Structured Securities have a 'conditional' coupon 
Feature 
If the Structured Securities include a 'conditional' coupon Feature, then the coupon will only be paid 
if the level, price or other applicable value of the Reference Rate(s) or Underlying(s) on the relevant 
valuation date(s) either reaches or crosses one or more specific barrier(s). It is possible that such level, 
price or other applicable value of the Reference Rate(s) or Underlying(s) on the relevant valuation 
date(s) will not either reach or cross the barrier(s) (as applicable), and therefore, no coupon will be 
payable on the relevant coupon payment date. This means that the amount of coupon payable to an 
Investor over the term of the Structured Securities will vary and may be zero. 
(h) 
There are risks of loss of interest where the Structured Securities have a 'memory coupon' Feature 
If the Structured Securities include a 'memory coupon' Feature, the payment of coupon will be 
conditional on the value or performance of the Reference Rate(s) or Underlying(s). The coupon amount 
payable will be zero on a coupon payment date, if the Reference Rate(s) or Underlying(s) does not 
perform in accordance with the terms of the Securities although such payment will be deferred to the 
next coupon payment date. If the Reference Rate(s) or Underlying(s) meet(s) the performance criteria, 
the coupon payable will be an amount for the current coupon payment date plus any amounts deferred 
from previous coupon payment dates, where no coupon was paid. Securityholders will not be paid any 
coupon or other allowance for the deferred payments of coupon and it is possible that the Reference 
Rate(s) or Underlying(s) never meets the performance criteria, meaning that Investors will not receive 
any coupon at all for the lifetime of the Structured Securities.

--- Page 53 ---
Risk Factors
 
49 
 
(i) 
There are risks of loss of interest where the Structured Securities have a 'lock-in coupon' Feature 
If the Structured Securities include a 'lock-in coupon' Feature, the payment of coupon will be 
conditional on the value or performance of the Reference Rate(s) or Underlying(s). The coupon amount 
payable on a given coupon payment date will be zero, if the Reference Rate(s) or Underlying(s) does 
not perform in accordance with the terms of the Securities. Following the occurrence of a lock-in event, 
the coupon payments will be made regardless of the performance of the Reference Rate or Underlying 
from that point forward. However, it is possible that the Reference Rate(s) or Underlying(s) never 
meets the performance criteria for the payment of the lock-in coupon amount and/or the occurrence of 
a lock-in event, meaning that Investors will not receive any coupon at all for the lifetime of the 
Structured Securities.  
(j) 
There are risks of loss of interest where the Structured Securities have a 'blended coupon' Feature 
If the Structured Securities include a 'blended coupon' Feature, the payment of coupon will be equal 
to the one Potential Coupon (among two or more of the methods for determining coupons set out in 
Structured Securities Payout Condition 2 ()) that results in the highest, lowest or weighted amount of 
coupons, in each case as determined by the Calculation Agent. Depending on this determination made 
at the Calculation Agent's discretion, the coupon amount payable on a given coupon payment date may 
be zero, and the Securityholder may even receive a lower amount than would have been the case if 
only a single method for determining the coupon had applied. 
(k) 
There are risks of reduced returns where the Securities have an Automatic Early Redemption 
Feature 
Where the terms and conditions of the Securities include an Automatic Early Redemption Feature, it 
should be noted that the level of the Automatic Early Redemption Level and the time for redemption 
of the Securities depends on whether the Observation Value of the Underlying is greater than, lower 
than, or equal to, as specified in the Issue Terms, its Automatic Early Redemption Level on an 
Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date or within the Automatic Early Redemption Valuation 
Period, or, with respect to Target Coupons, whether the Cumulative Coupon is greater than, lower 
than, or equal to, the Coupon Target Level on any Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date or the 
Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Period. If this occurs, the term of the Securities ends early and 
the Securities are redeemed early in accordance with the terms and conditions at a rate specified in the 
Issue Terms (the Exit Rate). In the case of such early redemption, the future price performance of the 
Underlying(s) of Structured Securities is irrelevant to the Securityholder, whose returns could be 
significantly reduced. Depending on what is specified in the Issue Terms as the Exit Rate, the amount 
received by the Securityholder may be lower than the initial price the Securityholder paid for the 
Securities and may be zero. 
(l) 
There are risks of reduced returns where the Securities have a Knock-in Feature 
Where the terms and conditions of the Securities include a Knock-in Feature, it should be noted that 
upon the occurrence of a Knock-in Event the Security will be redeemed early and the Securityholder 
will receive an amount calculated on the basis of a Knock-in Ratio. If such Knock-in Ratio is negative, 
the amount received by the Investor will be lower than the initial price the Securityholder paid for the 
Securities and may even be zero. 
(m) 
There are risks of loss of investment where the Security has an Issuer Call or Securityholders 
Optional Early Redemption 
Where the terms and conditions of the relevant Security provide either 'Issuer Call' or 'Securityholders 
Optional Early Redemption' to be applicable, the yields received upon cancellation following a call by 
the Issuer or the Investor's exercise of the Investor put may be lower than expected, and – in case the 
redemption amount is not specified as a fixed Call Payment or Optional Redemption Amount – the 
amount received by the Securityholder may be lower than the initial price the Securityholder paid for 
the Securities and may be zero.

--- Page 54 ---
Risk Factors
 
50 
 
(n) 
Securityholder meetings may negatively affect the Securities 
The terms and conditions of the Securities contain provisions for calling meetings (including at a 
physical location or by means of an electronic platform (such as a conference call or videoconference) 
or a combination thereof) of Securityholders, passing written resolutions or obtaining electronic 
consents to consider matters affecting their interests generally. These provisions permit defined 
majorities to bind (and to modify or waive certain terms and conditions of the Securities or covenants 
and agreements made by the Bank) all Securityholders including Securityholders who did not attend 
and vote at the relevant meeting, sign a written resolution or provide an electronic consent and 
Securityholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority, provided that an amendment, 
modification or variance that may affect the recognition of Bail-inable Securities by the Superintendent 
as TLAC or, any changes pursuant to the Underlying Specific Conditions - Interest Benchmark Linked 
Conditions that would change the effective maturity date of the Bail-inable Securities, will require the 
prior approval of the Superintendent. 
(o) 
Securities issued as "green bonds", "social bonds" or "sustainability bonds" may not be a suitable 
investment for all investors seeking exposure to green, social or sustainable assets 
The Bank may issue Securities under the Programme where the use of proceeds is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms to be for the financing and/or refinancing, in whole or in part, of future or 
existing green and/or social eligible businesses and green and/or social eligible projects, including the 
Bank's own operations, that fall within the Eligible Categories (see further under "Sustainable 
Securities") (any such Securities which may be "green bonds", "social bonds" or "sustainability 
bonds", the "Sustainable Securities"). 
The Bank will exercise its judgement and sole discretion in determining the businesses and projects 
that will be financed by the proceeds of Sustainable Securities. If the use of the proceeds of Sustainable 
Securities is a factor in an investor's decision to invest in Sustainable Securities, they should consider 
the disclosure in "Reasons for the Issue / Use of Proceeds" set out in the applicable Issue Terms and 
consult with their legal or other advisers before making an investment in Sustainable Securities. While 
it is the intention of the Bank to meet the National Bank of Canada Sustainability Bond Framework 
2022 (as may be amended and updated from time to time) available on the following webpage: 
https://www.nbc.ca/content/dam/bnc/a-propos-de-nous/relations-investisseurs/fonds-propres-et-
dette/2022/na-sustainability-bond-framework-2022.pdf (the "Framework"), no assurance is given by 
the Bank or the Dealers that any of the businesses and projects funded with the proceeds from 
Sustainable Securities will meet the Framework or an investor's expectations or requirements, whether 
as to green, environmental, social or sustainable impact or outcome or otherwise.  
Furthermore, while the intention of the Bank is to apply the net proceeds of the relevant Sustainable 
Securities and to provide the Sustainability Bond Report as defined and described in the section 
"Sustainable Securities" of this Base Prospectus and the "Reasons for the Issue / Use of Proceeds" set 
out in the applicable Issue Terms, there is no contractual obligation to allocate the proceeds of such 
Sustainable Securities to finance eligible businesses and projects or to provide the Sustainability Bond 
Report as described therein.  
The Bank's failure to so allocate or report, the failure of any of the businesses and projects funded with 
the proceeds from Sustainable Securities to meet the Framework, the failure of external assurance 
providers to opine on the conformity of the Sustainability Bond Report with the Framework, or the 
cessation of the listing or admission of Sustainable Securities to trading on any dedicated "green", 
"environmental", "sustainable", "social" or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange 
on securities market (where applicable) will not constitute an Event of Default with respect to the 
relevant Sustainable Securities or give rise to any other claim of a holder of such Sustainable Securities 
against the Bank. Any such failure may affect the value of the relevant Sustainable Securities and/or 
have adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in sustainable, green 
or social assets or for a particular purpose.

--- Page 55 ---
Risk Factors
 
51 
 
Furthermore, it should be noted that there is currently neither a clearly-defined definition (legal, 
regulatory or otherwise) of, nor market consensus as to what constitutes, a "green", "sustainable", 
"social" or an equivalently labelled project or business, nor as to what precise attributes are required 
for a particular project or business to be defined as "green", "sustainable", "social" or such other 
equivalent label nor can any assurance be given that such a clear definition or consensus will develop 
over time. Whilst a basis for the determination of such a definition has been established in the EU by 
way of Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 18 June 2020 on 
the establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment (as amended, the "EU 
Taxonomy"), and the related Regulation (EU) 2023/2631 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 22 November 2023 on European Green Bonds and optional disclosures for bonds marketed 
as environmentally sustainable and for sustainability-linked bonds (the "EU Green Bond Standard"). 
No assurance is or can be given by the Bank or the Dealers to investors that any projects or uses the 
subject of, or related to, any of the businesses and projects funded with the proceeds from Sustainable 
Securities will meet any or all investor expectations regarding such "green", "sustainable", "social" or 
other equivalently-labelled performance objectives (including as set out in the EU Taxonomy or the 
EU Taxonomy as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA) or that any adverse 
environmental, social and/or other impacts will not occur during the implementation of any projects 
or uses the subject of, or related to, any of the businesses and projects funded with the proceeds from 
Sustainable Securities.  
None of the Bank or the Dealers makes any representation as to the suitability of the Sustainable 
Securities to fulfil any green, environmental, sustainable, social or other criteria required by Investors, 
or as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any report, assessment, opinion or 
certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by the Bank) which may be made available in 
connection with the issue of Sustainable Securities and in particular with any of the businesses and 
projects funded with the proceeds from Sustainable Securities to fulfil any environmental, 
sustainability, social and/or other criteria. For the avoidance of doubt, none of the Framework, the 
second party opinion or any other report, assessment, opinion or certification of any third party 
(whether or not solicited by the Bank) is, nor shall they be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form 
part of this Base Prospectus. Any such report, assessment, opinion or certification is not, nor should 
be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Bank, the Dealers or any other person to buy, sell or hold 
Sustainable Securities. The second party opinion and any such other report, assessment, opinion or 
certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by the Bank) is only current as at the date that 
it was initially issued. Investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such report, 
assessment, opinion or certification and/or the information contained therein and/or the provider of 
such opinion or certification for the purpose of any investment in any Sustainable Securities. The 
providers of such reports, assessments, opinions and certifications are not currently subject to any 
specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. None of the Dealers have undertaken, nor are they 
responsible for, any assessment of the Framework or the eligibility criteria for the Sustainable 
Securities, any verification of whether any of the businesses or projects fall within the Eligible 
Categories, or the monitoring of the use of proceeds of the Sustainable Securities. Investors should 
refer to the Framework, the Sustainability Bond Report and the second party opinion (details of which 
are set out under "Sustainable Securities") for more detailed information. 
If Sustainable Securities are at any time listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated "green", 
"environmental", "sustainable", "social" or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange 
or securities market (whether or not regulated), no representation or assurance is given by the Bank, 
any Dealer or any other person that such listing or admission satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any 
present or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines 
with which such investor or its investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future 
applicable law or regulations or by its own bylaws or other governing rules or investment portfolio 
mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, sustainability or social 
impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or related to, any of the businesses and projects funded 
with the proceeds from Sustainable Securities. Furthermore, it should be noted that the criteria for any 
such listings or admission to trading may vary from one stock exchange or securities market to another.

--- Page 56 ---
Risk Factors
 
52 
 
Nor is any representation or assurance given or made by the Bank, any Dealer or any other person that 
any such listing or admission to trading will be obtained in respect of Sustainable Securities or, if 
obtained, that any such listing or admission to trading will be maintained during the life of the relevant 
Sustainable Securities. Furthermore, Sustainability Bonds are not expected to satisfy any European 
Union criteria or taxonomies for environmentally sustainable financial products, investments or 
activities, including as set out under the EU Taxonomy, the EU Taxonomy as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA or the EU Green Bond Regulation. 
The Bank intends to apply the net proceeds of any Sustainable Securities and obtain and publish the 
relevant reports, assessments, opinions and certifications in, or substantially in, the manner described 
in the section "Sustainable Securities" of this Base Prospectus and "Reasons for the Issue / Use of 
Proceeds" set out in the applicable Issue Terms. However, the related projects may not be capable of 
being implemented in or substantially in such manner and/or in accordance with any timing schedule 
and accordingly such proceeds may not be totally or partially disbursed for such projects for reasons 
that are outside the Bank's control or which the Bank is not able to anticipate. In addition, there may 
not be at all times sufficient eligible assets to allow for the allocation of an amount equal to the 
proceeds of the issue of such Sustainable Bonds in full. Nor can there be any assurance that any eligible 
project (where applicable) will be completed with the results or outcome (whether or not related to the 
environmental, sustainability, social or other objectives) as originally expected or anticipated by the 
Bank.  
Any failure by the Bank to apply the net proceeds of any issue of Sustainable Securities as mentioned 
in the previous paragraph, any withdrawal of any report, assessment, opinion or certification as 
described above, or any such report, assessment, opinion or certification attesting that the Bank is not 
complying in whole or in part with any matters for which such report, assessment, opinion or 
certification is reporting, assessing, opining or certifying on, and/or any such Sustainable Securities 
no longer being listed or admitted to trading on any stock exchange or securities market, as aforesaid 
(where applicable), may have a material adverse effect on the value of such Sustainable Securities 
and/or result in adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in 
securities to be used for a particular purpose. 
2.4 
Risks associated with the liquidity and value of the Securities  
(a) 
The Securities may not have an active trading market and an Investor must be prepared to hold the 
Securities until their scheduled maturity  
Investors must be prepared to hold the Securities until their scheduled maturity.  
The Securities will have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a 
market develops, it may not be very liquid and Investors may not be able to find a buyer. Restrictions 
in respect of the purchase or sale of the Securities in some jurisdictions may also have an impact on 
the liquidity of the Securities. As a result, Securityholders may not be able to sell their Securities or, 
if they can, they may only be able to sell them at a price which is substantially less than the original 
purchase price.  
The Securities may be listed on a stock exchange but the fact that they are listed will not necessarily 
lead to greater liquidity. If the Securities are not listed or traded on any exchange, their pricing 
information may be more difficult to obtain and they may be more difficult to sell.  
The specified size of the offer represents the maximum amount of the Securities being offered but does 
not give any indication as to the volume of the Securities being effectively issued. This volume is 
determined according to the market conditions and may change during the term of the Securities, and 
a significant portion of the issuance of any Securities may be held by the Issuer ore relevant Dealers. 
Therefore, Investors should note that it is not possible to predict the liquidity of the Securities in the 
secondary market based on the specified size of the offer. For these reasons as well, a secondary market 
for the Securities may not develop.

--- Page 57 ---
Risk Factors
 
53 
 
The Issuer is under no obligation to make a market or to repurchase the Securities (subject to the next 
paragraph). The Issuer and relevant Dealer may, but are not obliged to, at any time purchase Securities 
at any price in the open market or by tender or private agreement. Any Securities so purchased may 
be held or resold or surrendered for cancellation. If any Securities are redeemed in part, then the 
number of Securities outstanding may decrease. Any of these activities may have an adverse effect on 
the liquidity or price of the outstanding Securities in the secondary market.  
Any of the Dealer or other party may, as part of its activities as a broker and dealer in fixed income 
and equity securities and related securities or pursuant to stock exchange listing requirements, make a 
secondary market in relation to any Securities and may provide an indicative bid price on a daily basis. 
Any indicative prices so provided shall be determined by the relevant party in its sole discretion taking 
into account prevailing market conditions and shall not be a representation by such party that any 
Securities can be purchased or sold at such prices (or at all).  
However, any of these parties may suspend or terminate making a market and providing indicative 
prices without notice, at any time and for any reason. Consequently, there may be no market for the 
Securities and Investors should not assume that such a market will exist. Securityholders may therefore 
not be able to sell their Security during its term and must be prepared to hold the Security until its 
scheduled maturity.  
Additionally, in special market situations, where the Issuer or the relevant Dealer is unable to enter 
into hedging transactions or where such transactions are very difficult to enter into, the spread between 
the bid and offer prices may be temporarily expanded in order to limit the economic risks of the Issuer 
or the relevant Dealer. 
(b) 
Investors in listed Securities are exposed to the risk that the Security could be delisted or suspended 
from trading, and this might have an adverse effect on the value of the Securities 
It is possible that during the lifetime of the Securities, that the Securities could be suspended from 
trading on or delisted from the relevant exchange or quotation system during the lifetime of the 
Securities. The Issuer is under no obligation to obtain a listing for any Securities and, if a listing is 
obtained, the Issuer is under no obligation to maintain it. 
In such case, there could be an adverse impact on the value of and return on the Securities. 
(c) 
The Securities may lose value if interest rates increase 
Particularly in relation to fixed rate Securities that are not linked to an underlying asset and have a 
term of ten years or more, in most cases an increase in interest rates during the term of the Securities 
will cause their value to decrease and if you sell the Securities prior to maturity you will receive less 
than the face amount of the Securities. 
(d) 
The real return (or yield) on an investment in Securities will be reduced by inflation.  
The higher the rate of inflation, the lower the real yield on a Security will be. 
If the terms and conditions of the Securities provide that some or all of the principal shall be repaid at 
maturity, such scheduled principal repayment will not provide protection from the effect of inflation. 
After adjustment for inflation, the real return (or yield) on the Securities at maturity could be negative. 
More generally, if the inflation rate is equal to or greater than the yield under a Security, the real yield 
a holder of such Security will achieve will be zero or even negative.  
Accordingly, inflation may have a negative effect on the value of and return on the Securities. You 
should consider the potential impact of inflation (including if the rate of inflation is anticipated to rise 
over the term of the Securities) before purchasing Securities.

--- Page 58 ---
Risk Factors
 
54 
 
(e) 
The secondary market prices of the Securities will likely be lower than the original issue price of 
the Securities and sale of the Securities in a secondary market may result in a loss  
Any secondary market prices of the Securities will likely be lower than the original issue price of the 
Securities because, among other things, secondary market prices will likely be reduced by selling 
commissions, profits and hedging and other costs that are accounted for in the original issue price of 
the Securities. As a result, the price, if any, at which the relevant Dealer or any other person would be 
willing to purchase the Securities in secondary market transactions, if at all, is likely to be lower than 
the original issue price. In particular, the issue price may take into account amounts with respect to 
commissions relating to the hedging of the Issuer's obligations under such Securities, and secondary 
market prices are likely to exclude such amounts. In addition, pricing models of market participants 
may differ or produce a different result. Accordingly, any sale of the Security by a Securityholder prior 
to the scheduled redemption date could result in a substantial loss to the Securityholder.  
If listed, the Securities can be traded on an exchange during their term. However, the prices of the 
Securities are not determined according to supply and demand, since if there is a secondary market, it 
will likely be provided by a market maker (e.g., potentially the relevant Dealer or a third party, as the 
case may be, in such role). Any such market maker will quote independently calculated bid and offer 
prices for the Securities on the secondary market. This price calculation is performed on the basis of 
customary pricing models of the market maker in which the theoretical value of the Security is 
basically determined on the basis of the value of the Underlying(s) and other adjustable parameters. 
The other parameters may include derivative components, expected income from the Underlying(s) 
(e.g., dividends), interest rates, the term or remaining term of the Security, the volatility of the 
Underlying(s) and the supply and demand situation for hedging instruments. These or other value-
determining parameters may lead to a depreciation in value of the Security, even if during the term the 
Underlying(s) develop favourably for the Investor. See Section 2.6(a)(vii) below. 
(f) 
The purchase price of a Security may not reflect its inherent value 
Investors should be aware that the purchase price of a Security does not necessarily reflect its inherent 
value. Any difference between a Security's purchase price and its inherent value may be due to a 
number of different factors including, without limitation, prevailing market conditions and fees, 
discounts or commissions paid or earned by the various parties involved in structuring and/or 
distributing the Security. Any such difference will result in a decrease in the value of an issue of 
Securities, particularly in relation to any such Securities sold immediately following the issue date or 
offer period relating to such Securities. 
(g) 
Securityholders are exposed to the risks of adverse foreign exchange rate movements where the 
Underlying(s) is one or more rates of exchange or because the currency of the Underlying(s) needs 
to be converted to the currency of the Security and/or where the currency of the Security is different 
from the currency of the Investor's home jurisdiction, and could lose some of their investment or 
realise a lower return than in the absence of such foreign exchange feature  
If the return on the Security is dependent on one or more foreign exchange rate(s) – either because the 
Underlying(s) is one or more rates of exchange or because the currency of the Underlying(s) needs to 
be converted to the currency of the Security – a Securityholder is exposed to the risk of adverse 
movements in the value of the relevant foreign currency compared to the relevant base currency or 
currency of the Security. 
A Securityholder will also be exposed to the risk of adverse foreign exchange rate movements where 
the currency of the Security is different from the currency of the Securityholder's home jurisdiction. 
Exchange rates are determined by supply and demand factors on international foreign exchange 
markets, which are subject to economic factors, speculation and actions by governments and central 
banks (such as currency controls or restrictions) and cannot be predicted. Also, significant movements 
in exchange rates may not correlate with the performance of the Underlying(s) or other variables such

--- Page 59 ---
Risk Factors
 
55 
 
as interest rates, and the timing of such changes may have a negative impact on the value of and return 
on the Securities. This may result in a significant loss of the Investor's investment in the Security or 
the realisation by the Investor of a lower return than it would have obtained in the absence of such 
foreign exchange feature. 
(h) 
Changes in tax law or in the tax treatment of the Securities could have a negative impact on the 
value of and the return on the Security to an Investor 
Investors should be aware that it is possible that the tax regime applicable to the Securities may be 
changed in a manner not foreseeable at the time the Securities are issued and any such change may 
occur with retrospective or retroactive effect. A risk of changes in the tax treatment of the Securities 
exists for all relevant jurisdictions. The level and basis of taxation on the Securities and on the Investor 
depend on the Investor's individual circumstances and could change at any time and may have an 
adverse impact on the return received by the Investor under the Security.  
Any statements made in this Base Prospectus regarding the tax treatment of the Securities only relate 
to the purchase of the Securities immediately after the issue (primary purchase). Both in the case of 
primary purchase and if an Investor purchases the Securities later, prior to the purchase Investors 
should therefore seek advice from a tax advisor about the tax effects in connection with the purchase, 
holding, exercising or sale of the Securities. Furthermore, it is possible that the tax authorities may 
come to a different conclusion than the Issuer regarding tax treatment when interpreting and applying 
the relevant tax rules to the Securityholder's investment in the Securities. Any such tax treatment could 
have an adverse impact on the return received by the Securityholder under the Security. 
(i) 
Payments on the Securities may be treated as "dividend equivalent" payments and subject to U.S. 
withholding tax 
Under section 871(m) of the Code and regulations thereunder, a payment on a financial instrument 
that references a U.S. equity or an index that includes a U.S. equity (each, a "Specified Security") 
may be treated as a "dividend equivalent" payment. Such payments generally will be subject to U.S. 
withholding tax at a rate of 30 per cent. If withholding applies, the Issuer will not pay any additional 
amounts with respect to amounts withheld. The relevant Issue Terms will indicate if the Issuer has 
determined that a Security is subject to withholding under section 871(m) of the Code. Although the 
Issuer's determination generally is binding on Investors, it is not binding on the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Service. The U.S. Internal Revenue Service may successfully argue that payments on a Security are 
subject to withholding under section 871(m), notwithstanding the Issuer's determination to the 
contrary. Investors should consult their tax advisors regarding the U.S. federal income tax 
consequences to them of section 871(m) and regulations thereunder, and whether payments or deemed 
payments on the Securities constitute dividend equivalent payments. 
2.5 
Risks associated with Securities linked to one or more Underlyings 
(a) 
The performance of the Underlying(s) is not possible to predict and the economic relationship 
between the value of and return on the Securities and the performance of the Underlying(s) may 
not be clear  
The calculation of the redemption amount payable or, in the case of Securities with redemption by 
delivery of the relevant Underlying(s), the number of the Underlyings to be delivered at maturity and, 
if and to the extent that the Securities have a variable interest rate, the coupon amounts may depend 
on the performance of one or more Underlying(s) during the term. This means that there is a connection 
between the economic value of the Securities and the economic value of the Underlying(s) to which 
the Security is linked.  
However, investors should be aware that there may not be a direct relationship between the market 
value of the Securities and the current price of the relevant Underlying(s) since the market value of the 
Securities may also be affected by factors other than the current price of the relevant Underlying(s), 
such as volatility of such Underlying(s), dividend payments or movements in the general interest rates

--- Page 60 ---
Risk Factors
 
56 
 
etc. Therefore, positive changes in the price of the relevant Underlying(s) do not necessarily lead to a 
change in the market value of the Security which is positive for the Securityholder. A depreciation of 
the Security moreover may even occur if the relevant price of the relevant Underlying(s) remains 
constant. Investors should note that changes in the price of the relevant Underlying(s) (or even a 
situation where an expected price change does not occur) can reduce the value of the Securities to a 
disproportionately high extent and even render them worthless, unless the Securities provide for 
payment of a scheduled minimum redemption amount (or for partial redemption amounts). In 
particular, Investors should not assume that the price of the Securities will recover in time in view of 
the limited life of the Securities. 
Depending on the performance of the Underlying(s) and the Security, Investors may lose some or all 
of their investment. 
(b) 
Investors have no claim against or interest in any Underlying(s) 
The Issuer has no obligation to hold the Underlying(s). Securityholders will not have any legal or 
beneficial rights of ownership in the Underlying(s). For example, where the Underlying(s) is a share, 
Investors will have no voting rights, no rights to receive dividends or other distributions or any other 
rights with respect to the Underlying(s). In addition, Securityholders will have no claim against any 
share issuer, index sponsor, fund issuer, fund sponsor or any other third party in relation to an 
Underlying(s); such parties have no obligation to act in Investors' interests. Accordingly, 
Securityholders may receive a lower return on the Securities than they would have received had they 
invested directly in the Underlying(s). 
(c) 
Risks associated with Securities linked to Underlying(s) which are shares 
(i) 
Variable unpredictable factors may affect the performance of shares 
The performance of the relevant share cannot be predicted and is determined by 
macroeconomic factors, for example interest and price levels on the capital markets, currency 
developments, political factors as well as company-specific factors such as earnings position, 
market position, risk situation, shareholder structure and distribution policy. Any one or a 
combination of such factors could adversely affect the performance of the Underlying(s) 
which, in turn, would have an adverse effect on the value of and return on the Securities. 
(ii) 
There may not be a direct relationship between the share and the market value of the Securities 
and Investors will not be able to participate in dividends or other distribution on the shares 
Owning Securities with principal, premium or interest determined by reference to a share is 
not the same as owning the share. Accordingly, the market value of such Securities may not 
have a direct relationship with the market price of the share and changes in the market price 
of the share may not result in a comparable change in the market value of the Securities. For 
example, the market value of such Securities may not increase even if the price of the shares 
increases. It is also possible for the price of the share to increase while the market price of such 
Securities declines. Investors in Securities linked to shares will not have any voting rights or 
rights to dividends or interest payments or other distributions or other rights relating to the 
share. Therefore, the return on the Securities may be lower than holding such Underlying(s) 
directly. 
(iii) 
Actions by the issuer of a share may negatively affect the Securities 
The issuer of common shares of a company will not have participated in the offering and 
issuance of the Securities and neither of the Issuer nor the relevant Dealer will have made any 
investigation or enquiry in relation to the share issuer for the purposes of the Securities. 
Therefore, there can be no assurance that all events occurring prior to the Issue Date of the 
Securities that would affect the trading price of the relevant share(s) will have been publicly 
disclosed. Subsequent disclosure of any such events or the disclosure of or failure to disclose

--- Page 61 ---
Risk Factors
 
57 
 
material future events concerning the share issuer could negatively affect the trading price of 
the share and therefore the price of the Securities. Also, investors should be aware that the 
issuer of any common shares may or may not take actions in respect of common shares without 
regard to the interests of Securityholders and any of these actions could have a negative effect 
on the value of and return on the Securities.  
(iv) 
Hedging activities of the Bank and any of its affiliates may negatively affect the Securities 
The Bank and/or any of its affiliates may hedge the Bank's obligations under the particular 
Securities by doing one or a combination of the following: purchasing or selling the 
Underlying and/or futures contracts or options on the Underlying, or other derivative 
instruments with returns linked or related to changes in the performance of the Underlying, 
and the Bank and/or any of its affiliates are likely to adjust these hedges by, among other 
things, purchasing or selling the Underlying and/or futures contracts, options, or other 
derivative instruments with returns linked or related to changes in the performance of the 
Underlying, from time to time. Any of these hedging activities may, but are not expected to, 
impact the market price and/or the level of the Underlying, and, therefore, increase or decrease 
the market value of the particular Securities. It is possible that the Bank and/or any of its 
affiliates could receive substantial returns from these hedging activities while the market value 
of the particular Securities declines. The Bank may benefit from the difference between the 
amount it is obligated to pay under the particular Securities, net of related expenses, and the 
returns it may generate in hedging such obligation. The Bank and/or any of its affiliates may 
also engage in trading in the Underlying and other investments relating to the Underlying on 
a regular basis as part of their general broker-dealer and other businesses, for proprietary 
accounts, for other accounts under management or to facilitate transactions for customers. Any 
of these activities, among others, could impact the market price and/or the level of the 
Underlying and, therefore, may increase or decrease the market value of the Securities. The 
Bank and/or any of its affiliates may also issue or underwrite other securities or financial or 
derivative instruments with returns linked or related to changes in the performance of the 
Underlying. By introducing competing products into the marketplace in this manner, the Bank 
and/or any of its affiliates could adversely affect the market value of the Securities. 
(v) 
Trading activities of the Bank and any of its affiliates may negatively affect the Securities 
The Bank or one or more of its affiliates may also engage in trading in the referenced shares 
or investments relating to the shares on a regular basis as part of general broker-dealer and 
other businesses of the Bank or any of its affiliates, for proprietary accounts, for other accounts 
under management or to facilitate transactions for customers, including block transactions. 
Any of these activities could affect the price of the referenced shares and, therefore, the value 
of the associated Securities. The Bank or one or more of its affiliates may also issue or 
underwrite other securities or financial or derivative instruments with returns linked or related 
to changes in the value of the referenced shares and the availability of such competing products 
could adversely affect the value of the Securities. 
(vi) 
Other activities of the Bank and any of its affiliates may negatively affect the Securities 
The Bank or one or more of its affiliates may, at present or in the future, engage in business 
with an issuer of referenced shares or its competitors, including making loans to or equity 
investments in an issuer of referenced shares or its competitors or providing either with 
investment banking, asset management or other advisory services, including merger and 
acquisition advisory services. These activities may present a conflict between the Bank's or its 
affiliates' obligations and the interests of Securityholders. Moreover, the Bank or one or more 
of its affiliates may have published and may in the future publish research reports on an issuer 
of referenced shares which may be modified from time to time without notice and may express 
opinions or provide recommendations that are inconsistent with purchasing or holding the

--- Page 62 ---
Risk Factors
 
58 
 
Securities. Any of these activities could affect the price of the referenced shares and, therefore, 
the value of the associated Securities. 
(vii) 
No pledging or holding of the shares 
Neither the Bank nor any of its affiliates will pledge or otherwise hold the referenced shares, 
instruments or other derivative instruments for the benefit of Securityholders in order to enable 
Securityholders to exchange Securities for the associated referenced shares, instruments or 
other derivative commitments under any circumstances. Consequently, in the event of a 
bankruptcy, insolvency or liquidation of the Bank, any of the referenced shares, instruments 
or other derivative commitments owned by the Bank or any of its affiliates will be subject to 
the claims of the Bank's creditors generally and will not be available specifically for the benefit 
of Securityholders. 
(d) 
Risks associated with Securities linked to Underlying(s) which are indices 
In the case of Securities linked to indices, the redemption amount depends on the performance of the 
index and thus of the components contained in the index. During the term, the market value of the 
Securities can, however, also deviate from the performance of the index or components contained in 
the index since other factors, such as the correlation, volatilities, interest level and (if applicable) the 
reinvestment of any dividend payments relating to the components contained in the index, may have 
an impact on the performance of the Securities.  
In the case of a 'price index' as an underlying, investors should note that dividend payments are in 
principle not taken into account (whereas in the case of a 'performance index' the calculation of such 
index takes into account all dividend payments). Therefore, investors should note that they will not 
participate in any dividend payments with regard to the components contained in the underlying.  
Investors should note that the index sponsor or the person responsible for the composition of the Index 
as well as the Issuer may be subject to new regulatory requirements with regard to the publication and 
the use of an index during the term of the Securities which may require an admission or a registration 
of the respective index and an index modification in order to comply with the statutory provisions. 
Therefore, it cannot be excluded that an index will be modified, cancelled or may no longer be used. 
In each of these cases the Issuer and/or the Calculation Agent is entitled to make adjustments pursuant 
to the terms and conditions of the Securities and to make determinations with respect to the price of 
the index in its discretion in order to calculate the amount owed at the end of the term of the Security 
and/or after an exercise or in the case of a termination of the Securities. 
The index sponsor may, in its reasonable discretion, either (i) on a regular basis and, as the case may 
be, on non-predetermined dates or (ii) upon the occurrence of extraordinary events, remove or replace 
or add new components to such an Index or make other changes to the methodology. A new component 
may perform significantly better or worse than the replaced component, which in turn may affect the 
payments to be made by the Issuer to the Investor. The index sponsor or the person responsible for the 
composition of the Index may also change, discontinue or suspend the calculation or distribution of 
the Index and there can be no assurance that such decisions will be beneficial to the performance of 
the Index. The index sponsor of an Index may take any action in relation to the Index without regard 
to the interests of the Investor and any such action may adversely affect the market value of the 
Securities. 
The rules of the Index may provide, where applicable, that an Index fee shall be charged by the index 
sponsor or by the calculation agent for the Index or by the person responsible for the composition of 
the Index which reduces the level of the Index. This will particularly be the case if there is a discretion 
of the index sponsor or the calculation agent for the Index or the person responsible for the composition 
of the index regarding the selection of the index components. Accordingly, there is a risk that the Index 
does not reflect the performance of the Index components or does so only partially. In the case of 
indices whose start date is close to or shortly before the initial fixing date or the fixing period of the

--- Page 63 ---
Risk Factors
 
59 
 
Securities, historical information on the performance of the Index is missing or is only available to a 
limited extent. 
(e) 
Risks associated with Securities linked to Underlying(s) which are commodities or commodity 
indices 
(i) 
Variable unpredictable factors may affect the performance of commodities 
Trading in commodities and futures contracts is speculative and can be extremely volatile. 
Their market prices may fluctuate rapidly based on numerous factors, including: changes in 
supply and demand relationships, weather, agriculture, trade, fiscal, monetary, and exchange 
control programs, domestic and foreign political and economic events and policies, disease, 
technological developments, wars and changes in interest rates. These factors may adversely 
affect the value of an Underlying or its components in varying ways, and different factors may 
cause the levels and volatilities of commodity prices to move in inconsistent directions at 
inconsistent rates. Additionally, certain commodities may relate to a single industry (e.g., 
energy). These Underlyings are likely to be more volatile than other types of market measures 
which represent a broad base of commodities. 
The prices of commodities represented by or included in the Underlying may therefore change 
unpredictably, affecting the value of your Securities in unforeseeable ways. 
(ii) 
Market disruptions 
Suspension or disruptions of market trading in the applicable commodities and related futures 
contracts may adversely affect the value of the Securities. The commodity markets are subject 
to temporary distortions or other disruptions due to various factors, including the lack of 
liquidity in the markets, the participation of speculators and government regulation and 
intervention. In addition, U.S. futures exchanges and some foreign exchanges have regulations 
that limit the amount of fluctuation in futures contract prices that may occur during a single 
business day. These limits are generally referred to as "daily price fluctuation limits", and the 
maximum or minimum price of a contract on any given day as a result of these limits is referred 
to as a "limit price". Once the limit price has been reached in a particular contract, no trades 
may be made at a different price. Limit prices have the effect of precluding trading in a 
particular contract or forcing the liquidation of contracts at disadvantageous times or prices. 
Any such distortion, disruption, or any other force majeure (such as fire, flood, severe weather 
conditions, act of governmental authority, labour difficulty, etc.), may adversely affect the 
value of or trading in the Underlying, or the manner in which it is calculated, and therefore, 
the value of the Securities. 
(iii) 
Regulatory risks 
Legal and regulatory changes could adversely affect trading in a specific commodity, for 
example limits on the size of positions that can be held by market participants in futures 
contracts and OTC derivatives on physical commodities. Any such limits could restrict the 
ability of certain market participants to participate in the commodities, futures contracts and 
swap markets and markets for other OTC derivatives on physical commodities to the extent 
and at the levels that they have in the past. These factors may also have the effect of reducing 
liquidity and increasing costs in these markets as well as affecting the structure of the markets 
in other ways. In addition, legislative and regulatory changes have increased, and will continue 
to increase, the level of regulation of markets and market participants, and therefore the costs 
of participating in the commodities, futures contracts and OTC derivatives markets. These 
legislative and regulatory changes, and the resulting increased costs and regulatory oversight 
requirements, could result in market participants being required to, or deciding to, limit their 
trading activities, which could cause reductions in market liquidity and increases in market 
volatility. In addition, transaction costs incurred by market participants are likely to be higher

--- Page 64 ---
Risk Factors
 
60 
 
than in the past, reflecting the costs of compliance with the new regulations. These 
consequences could adversely affect the value of an Underlying, which could in turn adversely 
affect the return on and value of the Securities.  
(iv) 
Limited information 
Information on the Underlying may not be readily available. There is no systematic reporting 
of last-sale information for many commodities and commodity indices. Reasonable current 
bid and offer information may be available in certain brokers' offices, in bank trading offices, 
and to others who wish to subscribe for this information, but this information will not 
necessarily reflect the applicable level relevant for determining the value of the Securities. The 
absence of last-sale information and the limited availability of quotations to individual 
investors make it difficult for you and other investors to obtain timely, accurate data about the 
state of the commodity markets. 
(v) 
Specific additional risks of commodity futures contracts 
An investment linked to commodity futures contracts is not equivalent to an investment linked 
to the spot prices of physical commodities. If the Underlying is or includes a commodity 
futures contract or an index that is composed of commodities futures contracts, the 
performance of such Underlying will be based on the change in price of futures contracts, not 
the change in the spot price of actual physical commodities to which such futures contracts 
relate. The price of a futures contract reflects the expected value of the commodity upon 
delivery in the future, whereas the price of a physical commodity reflects the value of such 
commodity upon immediate delivery, which is referred to as the "spot price".  
There are various reasons for some difference between the price of a commodity futures 
contract and the spot price of a commodity, including the cost of storing such commodity for 
the length of the futures contract, interest costs related to financing the purchase of such 
commodity and expectations of future supply and demand for such commodity. While the 
changes in the price of a futures contract are usually correlated with the changes in the spot 
price, such correlation is not exact. In some cases, the performance of a commodity futures 
contract can deviate significantly from the spot price performance of the related underlying 
commodity, especially over longer periods of time. Accordingly, investments linked to the 
return of commodities futures contracts may underperform similar investments that reflect the 
spot price return on physical commodities and correspondingly the return under the Securities.  
(vi) 
Specific additional risks of commodity indices 
The Underlying may include a commodity index. Commodity indices generally reflect 
movements in commodity prices by measuring the value of futures contracts for the applicable 
commodities. To maintain the index, as futures contracts approach expiration, they are 
replaced by similar contracts that have a later expiration. For example, a futures contract 
purchased and held in August may specify an October expiration date. As time passes, the 
contract expiring in October may be replaced by a contract for delivery in December. This 
process is referred to as "rolling". The level of the index is calculated as if the expiring futures 
contracts are sold and the proceeds from those sales are used to purchase longer-dated futures 
contracts. The difference in the price between the contracts that are sold and the new contracts 
for more distant delivery that are purchased is called "roll yield, " and the change in price that 
contracts experience while they are components of the index is sometimes referred to as "spot 
return". 
If the expiring futures contract included in the index is "rolled" into a less expensive futures 
contract with a more distant delivery date, the market for that futures contract is (putting aside 
other considerations) trading in "backwardation". In the example above, the purchase of the 
December contract would take place at a price that is lower than the sale price of the October

--- Page 65 ---
Risk Factors
 
61 
 
contract. In this case, the effect of the roll yield on the level of the applicable index will be 
positive because it costs less to replace the expiring futures contract. However, if the expiring 
futures contract included in the index is rolled into a more expensive futures contract with a 
more distant delivery date, the market for that futures contract is trading in "contango". This 
would occur, for example, if the purchase of the December contract took place at a price that 
is higher than the sale price of the October contract. In this case, the effect of the roll yield on 
the level of the index will be negative because it will cost more to replace the expiring futures 
contract. 
There is no indication that the markets for any specific commodity will consistently be in 
backwardation or that there will be a positive roll yield that increases the level of any 
applicable index. It is possible, when near-term or spot prices of the constituent commodities 
are decreasing, for the level of that index to decrease significantly over time even when some 
or all of the constituent commodities are experiencing backwardation. If all other factors 
remain constant, the presence of contango in the market for a commodity included in an index 
could generally result in negative roll yield, even when the near-term or spot prices of the 
constituent commodities are stable or increasing, which could decrease the level of that index 
and the market value of the Securities. 
Changes in the composition and valuation of a commodity index may adversely affect the 
value of the Securities. The composition of a commodity index may change over time as 
additional commodities satisfy the eligibility criteria or commodities or futures contracts 
currently included in that index fail to satisfy such criteria. The weighting factors applied to 
each commodity included in an index may change over time, based on changes in commodity 
prices, commodity forward curves, production statistics, or other factors. In addition, the index 
sponsor may modify the methodology for determining the composition and weighting of that 
index and for calculating its value in order to assure that that index represents a measure of the 
performance over time of the markets for the applicable commodities. Modifications to the 
methodology for determining the commodities or futures contracts to be included in an index 
and for valuing that index may be made in the future. These changes could adversely affect 
the level of that index, and the value of the Securities.  
In addition, the index sponsor may discontinue or suspend calculation or dissemination of an 
index or materially alter the methodology by which it calculates an index. Any such actions 
could affect the value of the Securities.  
(f) 
Risks associated with Securities linked to Underlying(s) which are funds 
Factors affecting the performance of a fund (the "Fund") (being either (i) an exchange traded fund 
("ETF"), which is an open ended or other fund traded on an exchange, or (ii) a fund, in each case that 
tracks or is linked to the performance of a portfolio of assets) may adversely affect the market value 
of, and the return (if any) on, the Securities linked to such Fund.  
The performance of a Fund is dependent upon the macroeconomic factors affecting the performance 
of such assets which may include, among other things, interest and price levels on the capital markets, 
commodity prices, currency developments, political factors and, in the case of shares, company 
specific factors, such as earnings position, market position, risk situation, shareholder structure and 
distribution policy. These factors affecting the performance of the Fund(s) may adversely affect the 
market value of, and the return (if any) on, the Securities linked to such Funds. 
(i) 
Exposure to the risk that the return on the Securities does not reflect the return on a direct 
investment in the fund units or ETF shares or the assets included in the portfolio of the Fund(s)  
An Investor's return on Securities linked to one or more Funds may not reflect the return such 
Investor would realise if he or she actually owned the relevant fund units, ETF shares or assets 
included in the portfolio(s) of the Fund(s). For example, if the portfolio of the Fund(s) includes

--- Page 66 ---
Risk Factors
 
62 
 
shares or a share index, Investors in the Securities linked to such Fund will not receive any 
dividends paid on such shares or the shares included in such share index and will not benefit 
from those dividends unless such Fund takes such dividends into account for purposes of 
calculating the value of such Fund. Similarly, Investors in Securities linked to Fund(s) will not 
have any voting rights in the shares or other assets that are included in the portfolio(s) of the 
Fund(s). Accordingly, an Investor in Securities linked to Fund(s) may receive a lower payment 
(if any) upon redemption of such Securities than such Investor would have received, if he or 
she had directly invested in the fund units, ETF shares or assets included in the portfolio of 
such Fund(s). 
(ii) 
A change in the composition or discontinuance of the Fund(s) could adversely affect the 
market value of, and return (if any) on, Securities linked thereto 
In principle, the Issuer and the Calculation Agent have no influence on the composition or 
performance of any Fund or any index that such Fund is intended to replicate. The management 
company or the licensor/sponsor, as applicable, of an underlying index can add, delete or 
substitute the assets included in such index, respectively, or make methodological changes that 
could affect the value of such Fund or of such underlying index, respectively. The substitution 
of assets included in the portfolio of a Fund or in an underlying index, respectively, may affect 
the value of such Fund, as a newly added asset may perform significantly worse or better than 
the asset it replaces, which in turn may affect the market value of, or payments (or other 
benefits to be received) under, the Securities. The management company or licensor/sponsor 
of any underlying index may also alter, discontinue or suspend calculation or dissemination of 
information on such Fund or such underlying index, respectively. The management company 
and licensor/sponsor of such underlying index are not involved in the offer and sale of the 
Securities and have no obligation to invest therein. The management company and 
licensor/sponsor of such underlying index may take any actions in respect of such Fund or 
such underlying index, respectively, without regard to the interests of the Investors in 
Securities, and any of these actions could adversely affect the market value of (or amount 
payable under) such Securities. In particular, no assurance can be given that the performance 
of a Fund will be identical to the performance of the assets included in the portfolio of the 
Fund(s) or which the Fund intends to replicate, respectively, due to many factors. 
(iii) 
Risks in relation to market price 
The market price of interests in the Fund that are traded on an exchange may, due to the forces 
of supply and demand, as well as liquidity and scale of trading spread in the secondary market, 
diverge from their net asset value, i.e., the market price per interest in the Fund could be higher 
or lower than its net asset value, and will fluctuate during the trading day. 
The performance of Fund(s) with a portfolio of assets that are concentrated in the assets of a 
particular industry or group of industries could be more volatile than the performance of Funds 
with portfolios of more diverse assets. 
(iv) 
Risks in relation to costs of Funds 
A Fund's performance will be affected by the fees and expenses which it incurs, as described 
in its offering documents. Such fees and expenses may include the investment management 
fees, performance fees and operating expenses typically incurred in connection with any direct 
investment in a Fund. A Fund will assess fees and incur costs and expenses regardless of its 
performance. High levels of trading could cause a Fund to incur increased trading costs. 
Investors of Securities linked to Fund(s) will be exposed to a pro rata share of the fees and 
expenses of the relevant Fund(s).

--- Page 67 ---
Risk Factors
 
63 
 
(v) 
Valuation risk in relation to a Fund 
The Calculation Agent will rely on the calculation and publication of the net asset value per 
fund unit by the relevant Fund itself (or another entity on its behalf). Any delay, suspension or 
inaccuracy in the calculation and publication of the net asset value per fund unit will impact 
on the calculation of the return on the Securities. The value of and return on the Securities may 
also be reduced if a Fund delays payments in respect of fund share redemptions. 
The fund units and/or the investments made by a Fund may be valued only by administrators, 
custodians or other service providers of the Fund and may not be verified by an independent 
third party on a regular or timely basis. There is a risk that (i) the determinations of the 
Calculation Agent may not reflect the true value of the fund units at a specific time which 
could result in losses or inaccurate pricing and/or (ii) relevant values may not be available on 
a relevant date which could result in the fund units of the Fund being determined by the 
Calculation Agent in its discretion. 
(vi) 
Risk that strategies of a Fund may not be successful in achieving its investment objective 
The value of a Fund will be affected by the investment strategy of the relevant Fund. The 
investment strategy is often opaque and may not be publicly available. In addition, Funds are 
often illiquid and/or unregulated. The value of the fund shares or units or the level of a fund 
index is also exposed to the performance of various fund service providers, in particular, the 
investment adviser.  
No assurance can be given that the investment strategy of a Fund will be successful or that the 
investment objective of such Fund will be achieved, or that any analytical model used by the 
relevant management company will prove to be correct or that any assessments of the short-
term or long-term prospects, volatility and correlation of the types of investments in which 
such Fund has invested or will invest will prove accurate. The analytical models utilised by a 
management company of a Fund and upon which investment decisions are based may be 
developed from historical analysis of the performance or correlation of historical analysis of 
the performance or correlations of certain companies, securities, industries, countries or 
markets. There can be no assurance that the historical performance that is used to determine 
such analytical models will be a good indicator of future performance, and if the future 
performance of a Fund varies significantly, the management company of such Fund may not 
achieve its intended investment performance. 
No assurance can be given that the strategies to be used by a Fund will be successful under all 
or any market conditions. A Fund may utilise financial instruments such as derivatives for 
investment purposes or seek to hedge against fluctuations in the relative values of the Fund's 
portfolio positions as a result of changes in exchange rates, interest rates, equity prices and 
levels of yields and prices of other securities. Such hedging transactions may not always 
achieve the intended outcome and can also limit potential gains. 
The management of a Fund may have broad discretion over its investment strategy, within 
specified parameters. A Fund could, for example, alter its investment focus within a prescribed 
market. Any shift in strategy could bear adverse consequences to a Fund's investment 
performance. Further, a Fund may have difficulty realising on any strategy initiatives that it 
undertakes. It may not sometimes be clear whether the Fund fulfils the investment criteria set 
out in its investment guidelines. 
There are many possible events that can occur in respect of a Fund and have an impact on the 
Fund, including (a) a merger of the Fund or Fund Service Provider another entity, an entity 
obtaining a controlling stake in the Fund or Fund Service Provider or the insolvency of the 
Fund or any Fund Service Provider (Global Events), (b) material litigation or allegations of 
criminal or fraudulent activity in respect of the Fund or Fund Service Provider

--- Page 68 ---
Risk Factors
 
64 
 
(Litigation/Fraudulent Activity Events), (c) the Fund Service Provider or its key personnel 
ceasing to act and not being replaced (Fund Service Provider/Key Person Events), (d) a 
material change to the Fund or the Fund Documents (Modification Events), (e) a change to or 
suspension of the calculation of the NAV per Fund Share or a breach of the AUM Level, NAV 
Trigger Percentage or Volatility Trigger Percentage (NAV per Fund Share/AUM Level 
Events), (f) the failure of the Fund or the Fund Service Provider to provide required 
information (Reporting Events), (g) a change in tax law, revocation of any required licence or 
compulsory redemption of the fund shares required by a competent authority 
(Tax/Law/Accounting/Regulatory Events), (h) an issue affecting the hedging associated with 
the Securities (Hedging/Impracticality/Increased Costs Events), (i) a restriction or limitation 
on subscriptions or redemptions of any fund shares (Dealing Events) and (j) other events such 
as an issue with any rebate agreements, segregation of Fund portfolios, security granted by the 
Fund or any Fund Service Provider or a rating downgrade. If an such Extraordinary Fund 
Event occurs, the Issuer may, (i) require the Calculation Agent to adjust the terms of the 
Securities to reflect such event, (ii) substitute the relevant Fund Shares, or (iii) redeem the 
Securities early. Consequently, the occurrence of an Extraordinary Fund Event may have an 
adverse effect on the value or liquidity of the Securities and the amount investors can expect 
to receive on their investment. 
(vii) 
Specific risks in respect of a Fund index  
A Fund index may be subject to a modification of its methodology or a permanent cancellation 
of the Fund index or there may be cases where the fund index sponsor fails to calculate or 
publish the level of the Fund index on a relevant date for valuation. Upon the occurrence of 
any such Fund Index Adjustment Event, (i) the Calculation Agent may determine whether to 
(x) determine the level of the fund index itself, or (y) replace the fund index, (ii) the Calculation 
Agent may determine such other appropriate adjustments to be made to the terms of the 
Securities to account for the Fund Index Adjustment Event, or (iii) the Issuer may redeem 
Securities early. Consequently, the occurrence of a Fund Index Adjustment Event may have 
an adverse effect on the value or liquidity of the Securities and the amount investors can expect 
to receive on their investment. 
(viii) 
Date for redemption may be postponed if Hedge Entity does not receive redemption proceeds 
from Fund shares 
In the event that redemption proceeds in respect of the underlying Fund shares are not received 
by the Hedge Entity on or prior to the scheduled Redemption Dare, for example, if redemption 
is delayed or suspended by the Fund, the Redemption Date may be postponed for a period of 
up to two calendar years and no additional amount shall be payable as a result of such delay. 
Such delay could have a significant adverse impact on the amount that an investor would have 
otherwise received had such date for redemption not been postponed. 
(g) 
Risks associated with Securities linked to Underlying(s) which are inflation indices 
In the case of Securities linked to inflation indices, the interest or redemption amount depends on the 
level of the inflation index. During the term, the market value of the Securities can, however, also 
deviate from the level of the index since other factors, such as interest levels and currency exchange 
rates in the markets measured by the index may have an impact on the market value of the Securities.  
Securityholders should note that the index sponsor or the person responsible for the composition of 
the inflation index as well as the Issuer may be subject to new regulatory requirements with regard to 
the publication and the use of an index during the term of the Securities which may require an 
admission or a registration of the respective index and an index modification in order to comply with 
the statutory provisions. Therefore, it cannot be excluded that an index will be modified, cancelled or 
may no longer be used. In each of these cases the Issuer and/or the Calculation Agent is entitled to 
make adjustments pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Securities and to make determinations

--- Page 69 ---
Risk Factors
 
65 
 
with respect to the level the index in its discretion in order to calculate the amount owed at the end of 
the term of the Security and/or after an exercise or in the case of a termination of the Securities. 
The index sponsor may, on non-predetermined dates or upon the occurrence of extraordinary events, 
remove or replace or add new components to such an Index or make other changes to the methodology. 
The index sponsor or the person responsible for the composition of the Index may also change, 
discontinue or suspend the calculation or distribution of the inflation index. The index sponsor may 
take any action in relation to the inflation index without regard to the interests of the Securityholder 
and any such action may adversely affect the market value of the Securities. 
(h) 
Risks associated with Products linked to Underlying(s) which are futures contracts 
There is generally a close correlation between the price movement of an underlying for the relevant 
futures contract on a spot market and on the corresponding futures market. However, futures contracts 
are generally traded at a premium or discount compared with the spot price of the underlying of the 
futures contract. This difference between the spot and futures contracts prices, called the 'basis' in 
futures contracts exchange terminology, on the one hand is the result of taking into account the costs 
customarily arising in connection with spot transactions (warehousing, delivery, insurance, etc.) and/or 
the income customarily arising in connection with spot transactions (interest, dividends, etc.), and on 
the other hand the different methods used to evaluate general market factors affecting the spot and the 
futures contracts market. Furthermore, depending on the relevant underlying, there can be significant 
differences in the liquidity of the spot and respective futures contracts market. 
As the Securities are linked to the market price of the futures contracts specified in the Issue Terms, 
investors should understand how futures contracts transactions work and are valued in addition to 
knowing about the market in the underlying of the relevant futures contract to be able to properly 
assess the risks inherent in purchasing the Securities. 
Since futures contracts as an Underlying of the Securities may have a fixed expiry date, where the 
relevant futures contract expires prior to the maturity of the Security, the futures contract will be 
replaced upon expiration, with a futures contract that has the same contract specifications as that 
futures contract except for the expiry date which is more distant than that of the current futures contract 
(referred to as "roll-over"). Roll-over can affect the investment value of the Underlying in a number 
of ways, including: 
(i) 
The investment in futures contracts may be increased or decreased through roll-over: Where 
the price of a near-dated futures contract is greater than the price of the longer-dated futures 
contract (in such case the futures contract is said to be in "backwardation"), then the roll-over 
from the former to the latter will result in exposure to a greater number of the longer-dated 
futures contract being taken. Therefore, any loss or gain on the new positions for a given 
movement in the prices of the futures contract will be greater than if one had synthetically held 
the same number of futures contracts as before the "roll". Conversely, where the price of the 
near-dated futures contract is lower than the price of the longer-dated futures contract (in such 
case the futures contract is said to be in "contango"), then the roll-over will result in exposure 
to a smaller number of the longer-dated futures contracts being taken. Therefore, any gain or 
loss on the new positions for a given movement in the prices of the futures contract will be 
less than if one had synthetically held the same number of futures contracts as before the "roll". 
(ii) 
Where a futures contract is in contango (or, alternatively, backwardation) such may be 
expected to (though it may not) have a negative (or, alternatively, positive) effect over time: 
Where a futures contract is in "contango", the price of the longer-dated futures contract will 
generally be expected to (but may not) decrease over time as it nears expiry. In such event, the 
roll-over is generally expected to have a negative effect on an investment in the futures 
contract. Where a futures contract is in "backwardation", the price of the longer-dated futures 
contract will generally be expected to (but may not) increase over time as it nears expiry. In

--- Page 70 ---
Risk Factors
 
66 
 
such event, the investment in the relevant futures contract can generally be expected to be 
positively affected.  
(iii) 
In the case of Securities which are linked to an Underlying which is a futures contract, the 
futures contract will be changed without liquidating or entering into any positions in the 
underlying of the futures contract. Accordingly, the effects of the roll-over described above do 
not apply directly to the Underlying and the Securities. As a result, an Investor in such 
Securities will not participate directly in possible effects of the roll-over. However, other 
market participants may act in accordance with the mechanism of the roll-over and such 
behaviour may have an indirect adverse impact on the value of the Underlying of the 
Securities. 
(i) 
Risks associated with Securities linked to emerging markets Underlyings  
Investments in so-called emerging markets contain further risk factors in addition to the risks normally 
associated with the investment in the respective underlying. These include the unstable economic 
situation, high inflation, increased currency risks as well as political and legal risks. The political and 
economic structures in emerging markets are sometimes subject to considerable transitions and rapid 
developments and these countries often lack social, political and economic stability if compared with 
more industrialised nations. Of particular importance is the increased risk of currency fluctuations. 
Instability in these countries can also be caused by authoritarian governments or military interference 
in political and economic decision making. This also includes anti-constitutional (attempted) regime 
change, civil unrest relating to demands for improved political, economic and social conditions, hostile 
relations with neighbouring countries or conflicts based on ethnic, religious or racial reasons.  
There is also the possibility of restrictions being imposed on foreign investors, expropriation of assets, 
confiscatory taxation, confiscation or nationalisation of foreign bank deposits or other assets, the 
introduction of currency controls or other detrimental developments which may adversely affect the 
success of investments in such countries. Such adverse effects can, under certain circumstances, last 
for long periods of time, i.e., months or years. Each of these adverse effects may cause what is known 
as a market disruption in relation to the Securities and one of the results of this may be that during this 
period no prices will be quoted for the Securities affected by the market disruption.  
The small size and lack of experience on the securities markets in certain countries as well as the 
limited trading volume of securities can cause an underlying to be less liquid and/or considerably more 
volatile than Underlyings in more established markets. It is possible that very little financial 
information is available on local issuers, which can make it difficult to assess the value of and/or 
prospects of the underlying.  
In addition, if the Underlyings of the Securities are quoted in local currency, i.e., not hedged against 
the currency of the Securities, there is an increased foreign exchange risk. Experience shows that the 
currency exchange rates in emerging markets are subject to particularly high fluctuations. This may 
result in a considerable negative performance of the Security, even though the performance of the 
underlying during the term of the Security has essentially remained unchanged or even risen. This may 
mean that some or all of the total performance of the underlying may be eroded by currency losses and 
that the performance of the underlying even may become negative.  
(j) 
Risks associated with Securities linked to Interest Benchmarks 
(i) 
Risk of fluctuating levels of the reference rate 
Interest benchmarks, more generally named as reference rates, are mainly dependent upon the 
supply and demand for credit in the money market, i.e., the rates of interest paid on investments, 
determined by the interaction of supply of and demand for funds in the money market. The 
supply and demand in the money market on the other hand is dependent upon macroeconomic 
factors, such as interest and price levels on the capital markets, currency developments and 
political factors, or upon other factors, depending on the specific type of reference rate. Such

--- Page 71 ---
Risk Factors
 
67 
 
factors affecting the performance of a reference rate may adversely affect the market value of, 
and return (if any) on, Securities linked thereto. 
In principle, the Issuer and the Calculation Agent (as the case may be) have no influence on the 
determination of the reference rate(s). Reference rates are generally calculated by an 
independent organisation or a governmental authority, often based on information provided by 
market participants. The entity publishing a reference rate can modify the calculation method 
for determining such reference rate or make other methodological changes that could affect the 
value of the reference rate. The calculation or dissemination of such reference rate may also be 
altered, discontinued or suspended. The entity publishing a reference rate is not involved in the 
offer and sale of the Securities and has no obligation to invest therein. The entity publishing a 
reference rate may take any actions in respect of such reference rate without regard to the 
interests of the Investors in Securities and any of these actions could adversely affect the market 
value of such Securities. 
(ii) 
The regulation and reform of certain published rates, indices, and other values or 
"benchmarks" may adversely affect the value of and return on the Securities linked to such 
benchmarks 
A number of major reference rates, other rates, indices and other published values or 
benchmarks are the subject of national and international regulatory reforms. These reforms may 
cause such benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or have 
other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material 
adverse effect on the value of and return on Securities linked to any such value or benchmark.  
The Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and 
financial contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds (as amended, the 
"Benchmarks Regulation") is a key element of the regulatory reform on such benchmarks in 
the EU and has applied, subject to certain transitional provisions, since 1 January 2018. In 
addition to so-called "critical benchmarks" such as EURIBOR, other interest rates, foreign 
exchange rates and indices, including equity, commodity and "bespoke" indices or strategies, 
will in most cases be within scope of the Benchmarks Regulation as "benchmarks" where they 
are used to determine the amount payable under, or the value of, certain financial instruments 
(including Securities listed on an EU regulated market or EU multilateral trading facility 
(MTF)), and in a number of other circumstances.  
The Benchmarks Regulation applies to the contribution of input data to a benchmark, the 
administration of a benchmark, and the use of a benchmark in the EU. Amongst other things, 
the Benchmarks Regulation requires EU benchmark administrators to be authorised or 
registered as such and to comply with extensive requirements relating to benchmark 
administration. It also prohibits certain uses by EU supervised entities of (a) benchmarks 
provided by EU administrators which are not authorised or registered in accordance with the 
Benchmarks Regulation and (b) benchmarks provided by non-EU administrators where (i) the 
administrator's regulatory regime has not been determined to be "equivalent" to that of the EU, 
(ii) the administrator has not been recognised in accordance with the Benchmarks Regulation, 
and (iii) the benchmark has not been endorsed in accordance with the Benchmarks Regulation.  
ESMA maintains a public register of EU-approved benchmark administrators and non-EU 
benchmarks pursuant to the Benchmarks Regulation (the "ESMA Register").  
The Benchmarks Regulation could have a material impact on Securities linked to a 'benchmark'. 
For example: 
• 
a rate or index which is a 'benchmark' may not be used in certain ways by an EU 
supervised entity if (subject to applicable transitional provisions) its administrator does

--- Page 72 ---
Risk Factors
 
68 
 
not obtain authorisation or registration (or, if a non-EU entity, does not satisfy the 
'equivalence' conditions and is not 'recognised' pending an equivalence decision); 
• 
the methodology or other terms of the benchmark could be changed in order to comply 
with the terms of the Benchmark Regulation, for example in cases of future changes to it 
or a change in administrative interpretation of its terms, and such changes could reduce 
or increase the rate or level or affect the volatility of the published rate or level, and 
(depending on the terms of the particular Securities) could lead to adjustments to the terms 
of the Securities, including potentially determination by the Calculation Agent of the rate 
or level in its discretion; and 
• 
the ongoing and increasing regulation of benchmarks could increase the costs and risks 
of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a benchmark and complying 
with any such regulations or requirements. Such factors may have the effect of 
discouraging market participants from continuing to administer certain benchmarks or to 
participate in the determination of certain benchmarks, triggering changes in the rules or 
methodologies used in certain benchmarks or leading to the disappearance of the 
benchmark. 
In this regard, there is a risk that a benchmark may be changed in substance and thereafter 
performs differently than it has done in the past, and may not be continued or may not be used 
in connection with the Securities. Moreover, a competent authority may order the cessation of 
a certain benchmark which is not compliant with legal requirements or may declare a benchmark 
as no longer being representative for the underlying market it measures. In such cases, it should 
be noted that it is in the discretion of the Issuer to make adjustments to the terms of the 
Securities, to delist or to redeem the Securities early (as applicable). 
Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on the value of, and yield and return 
on, any Securities linked to such a benchmark. 
(iii) 
Reform and replacement of Interbank Offered Rates  
Amongst other developments, relevant authorities have strongly encouraged the market to 
transition away from Interbank Offered Rates ("IBORs"), such as LIBOR. For example, all 
GBP LIBOR settings and U.S. Dollar LIBOR settings have ceased to be published. 
Concurrently, so called "risk free rates" ("RFR") have been identified to eventually take the 
place of such IBORs as primary benchmarks. This includes (i) for sterling LIBOR, a reformed 
Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA"), (ii) for EONIA, a new Euro Short-Term Rate 
("€STR") as the new euro risk-free rate, (iii) for USD LIBOR, the Secured Overnight 
Financing Rate ("SOFR"), and (iv) for CHF LIBOR, the Swiss Average Rate Overnight 
("SARON"),to be eventually established as the primary US dollar interest rate benchmark.  
Where the applicable Issue Terms for a series of Securities specifies that the Interest 
Benchmark for such Securities will be determined by reference to for example SONIA, the 
coupon may for example be determined on the basis of Compounded Daily SONIA (as defined 
in the terms and conditions of the Securities). Compounded Daily SONIA differs from sterling 
LIBOR in a number of material respects, including (without limitation) that Compounded 
Daily SONIA is a backwards-looking, compounded, risk-free overnight rate, whereas sterling 
LIBOR is expressed on the basis of a forward-looking term and includes a credit risk-element 
based on inter-bank lending. 
While IBORs represented interbank funding over different maturities, RFRs are overnight 
rates and have a different methodology and other important differences from the IBORs they 
will eventually replace. RFR have little, if any, historical track records. As a result, RFR can 
perform materially different than the replaced IBOR, including, without limitation, as a result 
of changes in interest and yield rates in the market, market volatility or global or regional

--- Page 73 ---
Risk Factors
 
69 
 
economic, financial, political, regulatory, judicial or other events. For example, since 
publication of SOFR began in April 2018, daily changes in SOFR have, on occasion, been 
more volatile than daily changes in comparable benchmarks or other market rates. 
RFR are published based on data received from other sources that the Issuer has no control 
over. It cannot be excluded that an RFR will be discontinued or fundamentally altered in a 
material manner.  
An established trading market for RFR-based Securities may never develop or may not be very 
liquid. Market terms for debt securities that are linked to RFR, such as the spread over the base 
rate reflected in the coupon provisions, may evolve over time, and as a result, trading prices 
of RFR-based Securities may be lower than those of later-issued debt securities that are linked 
to RFR. Similarly, if an RFR does not prove to be widely used in debt securities that are similar 
or comparable to the RFR-based Securities, the trading price of RFR-based Securities may be 
lower than those of debt securities that are linked to rates that are more widely used.  
Furthermore, coupons of RFR-based Securities are only capable of being determined 
immediately or shortly prior to the relevant coupon payment date. It might be difficult for 
Investors to estimate reliably the coupon amount that will be payable on such Securities, and 
investors might be unable or unwilling to trade such Securities. 
All these factors may materially impact the yield and return on the Securities, its market value 
as well as liquidity. Investors in the RFR based Securities may not be able to sell the Securities 
at all or may not be able to sell the Securities at prices that will provide them with a yield 
comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market, and may 
consequently suffer losses from increased pricing volatility and market risk. 
(iv) 
Risks relating to the provisions in the terms and conditions of the Securities in cases of a 
Benchmark Event (other than for Securities where the Original Reference Rate specified in 
the Issue Terms is Compounded SOFR or SARON Compounded) 
The terms and conditions of the Securities provide for certain fallback arrangements in the 
event of a Benchmark Event (as defined in the Underlying Specific Conditions - Interest 
Benchmark Linked Condition 3 (Permanent Cessation of Benchmarks)) (including where a 
published benchmark, such as EURIBOR, SONIA, €STR or CMS Rate, (including any page 
on which such benchmark may be published (or any successor service)) becomes unavailable, 
or where the Issuer, the Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent are no longer permitted 
lawfully to calculate interest on any Securities by reference to such an originally selected 
Interest Benchmark for the Securities as Reference Rate or Underlying, hereinafter the 
Original Reference Rate, under the Benchmarks Regulation or otherwise), including the 
possibility that the rate of interest could be determined by the Issuer in consultation with an 
Independent Adviser (if any) (as defined below) (and if the Issuer is unable to appoint an 
Independent Adviser or unable to make the relevant determination in consultation with an 
Independent Adviser, determined by the Issuer itself) and set by reference to a successor rate 
or an alternative reference rate and that such successor rate or alternative reference rate may 
be adjusted (if required) in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in 
the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to investors arising out 
of the replacement of the relevant benchmark. However, it may not be possible to determine 
or apply any such adjustment and even if an adjustment is applied, such adjustment may not 
be effective to reduce or eliminate economic prejudice to investors. In certain circumstances 
the ultimate fallback of interest for a particular coupon period or observation of an Interest 
Benchmark may result in the rate of the Interest Benchmark for the last preceding period or 
date for its observation being used. This may result in the effective application of a fixed rate 
for the Securities based on the rate which was last observed on the relevant publication screen 
or website. Any of these alternative methods may result in payments on the Securities that are 
lower than or that do not otherwise correlate over time with the payments that would have

--- Page 74 ---
Risk Factors
 
70 
 
been made on the Securities if EURIBOR, SONIA, €STR, SARON, the CMS Rate or any 
other relevant Interest Benchmark were available in their current form.  
Notwithstanding any other provision of the terms and conditions of the Securities or the 
Agency Agreement, the consent or approval of the Securityholders are not required in the case 
of replacements of the Interest Benchmark or amendments to the terms and conditions of the 
Securities pursuant to the Underlying Specific Conditions – Interest Benchmark Linked 
Conditions , in particular in case of an amendment to vary the method or basis of calculating 
the coupon amounts or other payments linked to an Interest Benchmark in respect of the 
Securities or for any other variation of the terms and conditions of the Securities and/or the 
Agency Agreement required to be made in the circumstances described in the Underlying 
Specific Conditions - Interest Benchmark Linked Conditions, where the Issuer has delivered 
to the relevant Agent a certificate in the form and manner required by such Underlying Linked 
Conditions. Any such amendment made pursuant to the Underlying Specific Conditions - 
Interest Benchmark Linked Conditions could have unexpected commercial consequences and 
there can be no assurance that, due to the particular circumstances of each Securityholder, any 
such amendment will be favourable to each Securityholder. 
In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of successor rates and alternative 
reference rates and the involvement of an Independent Adviser and/or the Issuer, the 
Underlying Specific Conditions - Interest Benchmark Linked Conditions may not operate as 
intended at the relevant time. More generally, any of the above matters or any other significant 
change to the setting or existence of any relevant reference rate could affect the ability of the 
Issuer to meet its obligations under Structured Securities that have an Interest Benchmark as 
an Underlying and could have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and the 
amount payable under, the Securities. Investors should consider these matters, should consult 
their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential risks 
imposed by benchmark reforms and investigations and licensing issues in making any 
investment decision with respect to such Securities linked to a benchmark. 
In the case of –IBOR or swap rate linked Securities, if an –IBOR or swap rate were 
discontinued or otherwise unavailable, amounts payable on the Securities which reference 
such –IBOR or swap rate will be determined for the relevant period or date by the fallback 
provisions applicable to such Securities which may (depending on market circumstances at the 
relevant time) not operate as intended. Depending on the manner in which the relevant –IBOR 
or swap rate is to be determined under the terms and conditions of the Securities and subject 
as provided in "Administrator/Benchmark Event" and "Benchmark Transition Event" below, 
this may in certain circumstances (i) be reliant upon the provision by reference banks of offered 
quotations for the –IBOR rate or bid and offered quotations for the fixed leg of interest rate 
swap transactions (as applicable) which, depending on market circumstances, may not be 
available at the relevant time or (ii) in the case of an –IBOR where the applicable fall-back is 
to use the rate which applied in the previous period when the relevant –IBOR was available, 
result in the effective application of a fixed rate based on the rate which applied in the previous 
period or a previous date or (iii) in the case of a swap rate result in the application of a 
Calculation Agent determined rate. Any of the foregoing could have an adverse effect on the 
value or liquidity of, and yield and return on, any the Securities. 
(v) 
Risks relating to the provisions in the terms and conditions of the Securities in cases of a 
benchmark replacement in relation to Compounded SOFR 
If the Original Reference Rate specified in the Issue Terms is Compounded SOFR, the 
benchmark replacement provisions in Underlying Specific Conditions - Interest Benchmark 
Linked Condition 3.8 (Benchmark Replacement Provisions – Compounded SOFR) will apply 
to the Securities. If the Issuer or its designee determines that a Benchmark Transition Event 
and its related Benchmark Replacement Date has occurred, the then current Interest 
Benchmark will be replaced by a replacement rate (determined by the Issuer or its designee

--- Page 75 ---
Risk Factors
 
71 
 
(which may be an affiliate of the Issuer) in accordance with Underlying Specific Conditions - 
Interest Benchmark Linked Condition 3.8 (Benchmark Replacement Provisions – 
Compounded SOFR) and the Issuer or its designee will have the right to make Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes. In cases where the Issuer (whether alone or in consultation 
with its designee) makes determinations under Underlying Specific Conditions - Interest 
Benchmark Linked Condition 3.8 (Benchmark Replacement Provisions – Compounded 
SOFR), it may be entitled to exercise substantial discretion and may be subject to conflicts of 
interest in exercising this discretion. 
In light of the foregoing, investors should be aware that: 
• 
any of these fallbacks may result in coupon payments or other scheduled payments 
that are lower than or that do not otherwise correlate over time with the payments that 
would have been made on a series of Securities if SOFR was available in its current 
form; 
• 
while the benchmark replacement provisions allow the Interest Benchmark on the 
Securities of such series to change from Compounded SOFR to a successor rate or an 
alternative rate and, in either case, allow for an adjustment spread (as applicable), there 
can be no assurance that any such modifications will fully or effectively mitigate all 
or any relevant benchmark risks or result in an equivalent methodology for 
determining the payments on the Securities of such series which could result in a 
material adverse effect on the value of, and yield and return on, such Securities; 
• 
if SOFR is discontinued or unrepresentative such that the benchmark replacement 
provisions are triggered, there can be no assurance that the applicable fallback 
provisions under any swap agreements would operate so as to ensure that the 
benchmark used to determine payments under such swap agreements would be the 
same as that used to determine payments on the Securities;  
• 
the operation of the benchmark replacement provisions (i) will be made without the 
consent of the Securityholders, (ii) may result in the relevant Interest Benchmark on 
the Securities of such series being materially different from the Original Reference 
Rate and (iii) may be adverse to the interests of the holders of the Securities and may 
have an adverse effect on the value of, and the yield and the return on, the Securities 
of such series; and 
• 
due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of successor rates and alternative 
reference rates and the determination of the applicable adjustment spread (if any) and 
the involvement of the Issuer or its designee, as applicable, the benchmark 
replacement provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time. 
Any of the factors above and their consequences could have a material adverse effect on the 
trading market for, value of, and yield and return on, the Securities of any such series. 
(vi) 
Risks relating to the provisions in the terms and conditions of the Securities in cases of a 
benchmark replacement in relation to SARON Compounded 
If the Original Reference Rate specified in the Issue Terms is SARON Compounded, the 
benchmark replacement provisions in Underlying Specific Conditions - Interest Benchmark 
Linked Condition 3.10 (Benchmark Replacement Provisions – SARON Compounded) will 
apply to the Securities. If SARON does not so appear on the SARON Administrator Website 
and a SARON Index Cessation Event and its related SARON Index Cessation Effective Date 
has occurred, the then current Interest Benchmark will be replaced by the Recommended 
Replacement Rate, giving effect to the Recommended Adjustment Spread, in accordance with 
Underlying Specific Conditions - Interest Benchmark Linked Condition 3.10 (Benchmark 
Replacement Provisions – SARON Compounded) or if there is no Recommended Replacement

--- Page 76 ---
Risk Factors
 
72 
 
Rate within one Zurich Banking Day of the SARON Index Cessation Effective Date, the policy 
rate of the Swiss National Bank. The Issuer will have the right to make SARON Benchmark 
Amendments. In cases where the Issuer makes determinations under Underlying Specific 
Conditions - Interest Benchmark Linked Condition 3.10 (Benchmark Replacement Provisions 
– SARON Compounded), it may be entitled to exercise substantial discretion and may be 
subject to conflicts of interest in exercising this discretion.  
In light of the foregoing, investors should be aware that: 
• 
any of these fallbacks may result in coupon payments or other scheduled payments 
that are lower than or that do not otherwise correlate over time with the payments that 
would have been made on a series of Securities if SARON was available in its current 
form; 
• 
while the benchmark replacement provisions allow the Interest Benchmark on the 
Securities of such series to change from SARON Compounded to a successor rate or 
an alternative rate and, in either case, allow for an adjustment spread (as applicable), 
there can be no assurance that any such modifications will fully or effectively mitigate 
all or any relevant benchmark risks or result in an equivalent methodology for 
determining the payments on the Securities of such series which could result in a 
material adverse effect on the value of and yield and return on such Securities; 
• 
if SARON is discontinued or unrepresentative such that the benchmark replacement 
provisions are triggered, there can be no assurance that the applicable fallback 
provisions under any swap agreements would operate so as to ensure that the 
benchmark used to determine payments under such swap agreements would be the 
same as that used to determine payments on the Securities;  
• 
the operation of the benchmark replacement provisions (i) will be made without the 
consent of the Securityholders, (ii) may result in the relevant Interest Benchmark on 
the Securities of such series being materially different from the Original Reference 
Rate and (iii) may be adverse to the interests of the holders of the Securities and may 
have an adverse effect on the value of, and the yield and return on, the Securities of 
such series; and 
• 
due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of successor rates and alternative 
reference rates and the determination of the applicable adjustment spread (if any) and 
the involvement of the Issuer, the benchmark replacement provisions may not operate 
as intended at the relevant time. 
Any of the factors above and their consequences could have a material adverse effect on the 
trading market for, value of, and yield and return on, the Securities of any such series. 
(vii) 
Consequences of Administrator/Benchmark Event 
The occurrence of an Administrator/Benchmark Event may cause early redemption or 
termination or adjustment of the Securities which may include selecting one or more successor 
Interest Benchmarks and making related adjustment(s) to the Securities, including if applicable 
to reflect increased costs. An Administrator/Benchmark Event may arise if any of the 
following circumstances occurs or may occur: (1) an Interest Benchmark is materially 
changed, permanently or indefinitely cancelled or an official sector entity prohibits its use, (2) 
(i) the relevant authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision or 
approval in respect of the Interest Benchmark or the administrator or sponsor of the Interest 
Benchmark is not obtained, (ii) an application for authorisation, registration, recognition, 
endorsement, equivalence decision, approval or inclusion in any official register is rejected, or 
(iii) any authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision or 
approval is suspended or inclusion in any official register is withdrawn, or (3) a relevant

--- Page 77 ---
Risk Factors
 
73 
 
supervisor officially announces the Interest Benchmark is or will be no longer representative 
of any relevant underlying market(s). If the Securities are redeemed or terminated for an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event there is no guarantee that the amount paid to investors will 
be equal to or higher than the investor's initial investment in the relevant Securities and such 
amount may be substantially less than the investor's initial investment. 
2.6 
Risks associated with conflicts of interest of National Bank of Canada, acting through its 
Montréal Branch, as Issuer and Calculation Agent, and its subsidiaries and of the discretionary 
powers of the Issuer and Calculation Agent 
(a) 
Conflicts of interest  
(i) 
Conflicts of interest related to the Underlying(s) 
Each of the Issuer and Calculation Agent and other companies in the Issuer's group deal in the 
Underlying(s) or in components of the Underlying(s) or in options or futures contracts relating 
to the Underlying(s) or components thereof in their normal course of business and from time 
to time may participate in transactions connected to the Securities for their own account or on 
behalf of others. Companies in the Issuer's group can also hold interests in individual 
Underlyings or in the companies contained in these Underlyings, meaning that conflicts of 
interest can arise in connection with the Securities which conflicts could have an impact 
(including a material adverse impact) on the value of, and return on, the Securities.  
(ii) 
Conflicts of interest related to the performance of another function 
The Issuer (or another company in the Issuer's group) may, in addition to its capacity as Issuer, 
exercise another function in relation to the relevant Securities or Underlying(s) or components 
thereof, such as issuing agent, calculation agent, paying agent and/or administrative agent. 
Therefore, there can be conflicts of interest regarding the duties when determining the prices 
of the Securities and other determinations related thereto among the Issuer's group and the 
Investors. Furthermore, the Issuer and Calculation Agent and other companies in the Issuer's 
group may act as members of a consortium, financial advisor or sponsor in connection with 
future offers of the relevant Underlying(s) or components thereof; activities of this kind can 
also entail conflicts of interest and could have an impact (including a material adverse impact) 
on the value of, and return on, the Securities. 
(iii) 
Conflicts of interest related to the performance of hedging transactions 
The Issuer can use parts or all of the proceeds from the sale of the Securities for hedging 
transactions. These hedging transactions can influence the price of the underlyings or the 
components of the underlying that is determined on the market. Fluctuations in the price of 
the Underlying(s) and consequently the Securities may among other things be attributed to the 
fact that the Bank (or any of its affiliate(s) or any entity (or entities) acting on behalf of the 
Bank) conduct significant volumes of hedging or other types of large transactions in or relating 
to the Underlying(s). Investors should also note in this respect that, especially in unfavourable 
conditions (e.g., low liquidity of the Underlying(s)), such transactions can have a significant 
impact on the value of the Underlying(s) and/or of the components contained therein and thus 
on the price of the Securities, the level of any redemption amount as well as – in the case of 
Securities which may stipulate a redemption by way of delivery – on the type of redemption 
and possibly lead to certain barrier levels stipulated in the terms and conditions being exceeded 
or fallen short of. 
The hedging entity is entitled to suspend or to stop entirely its trading activities in or related 
to an Underlying. This market conduct of the hedging entity as well as the limitation of its 
trading or hedging activities in or related to the Underlying(s) could have an impact (including 
a material adverse impact) on the value of, and return on, the Securities.

--- Page 78 ---
Risk Factors
 
74 
 
(iv) 
Conflicts of interest related to the issuance of additional Securities 
The Issuer and its subsidiaries and the Calculation Agent can issue additional securities in 
relation to the Underlying(s) or components of the Underlying(s), including those that have 
the same or similar features as the Securities. The introduction of securities that are in 
competition with the Securities can have an impact on the price of the Underlying(s) or 
components of the Underlying(s) and therefore have an impact on the value of, and return on, 
the Securities.  
(v) 
Conflicts of interest related to information specific to the Underlying(s) 
The Issuer and its subsidiaries and the Calculation Agent can receive non-public information 
regarding the Underlying(s) or components of the Underlying(s), but are not obliged to pass 
such information on to the Investors in the Securities. Furthermore, the Issuer and its 
subsidiaries and the Calculation Agent can publish research reports on the underlying or 
components of the underlying. These activities can give rise to specific conflicts of interest 
and therefore could have an impact (including a material adverse impact) on the value of, and 
return on, the Securities.  
(vi) 
Conflicts of interest related to the determination of the selling price of the Securities and 
commission payments 
The selling price of the Securities, where appropriate in addition to fixed issue surcharges, 
management fees, performance fees or other fees, may contain surcharges on the initial 
mathematical 'fair' value of the Securities (the "Margin"). This Margin will be determined by 
the Issuer in its reasonable discretion and can differ from surcharges that other issuers impose 
on comparable Securities. This Margin covers, among other things, the costs of structuring, 
market making and settlement of the Securities and also includes the expected profit for the 
Issuer. 
The selling price of the Securities may contain commission which is charged by the relevant 
Dealer for the issue or which is passed on to distribution partners as payment for distribution 
services. This may give rise to a difference between the fair value of the Security and the bid 
and offer prices quoted by any market maker (as described below). Any commission contained 
in the Securities affects the Investor's potential rate of return. Furthermore, conflicts of interest 
detrimental to the Investor may arise due to payment of such commission to distribution 
partners, since it could create an incentive for the partner to sell its customers Securities with 
higher commission. Therefore, Investors should consult with their principal bank or financial 
advisor about such conflicts of interest.  
(vii) 
Conflicts of interest related to market making for the Securities 
Under normal market conditions the relevant Dealer or, if applicable, a third party (the 
"Market Maker") may quote bid and offer prices for each issue of Securities. However, no 
legal obligations are assumed with respect to the amount or the realisation of such quotations. 
Investors should note that it may not be possible to sell the Securities during their term at a 
particular point in time or at a particular price.  
Furthermore, bid and offer prices for the Securities quoted by the Market Maker (if any) will 
be calculated on the basis of customary pricing models for the sector that are used by the 
Market Maker and other traders and which determine the theoretical value of the Securities by 
taking into account various factors influencing prices.  
Such circumstances on which the Market Maker bases its determination of the bid and offer 
prices on the secondary market include, in particular, the theoretical value of the Securities, 
which among other things depends on the value of the underlying and the spread between bid 
and offer prices desired by the Market Maker. In addition, an issue surcharge that is originally

--- Page 79 ---
Risk Factors
 
75 
 
imposed on the Securities and any fees or costs that are deducted from the redemption amount 
at maturity, such as commission, administrative fees, transaction costs or comparable costs, 
will generally be considered. Furthermore, the Margin contained in the selling price of the 
Securities, for example, has an impact on pricing in the secondary market or other returns, 
such as paid or expected dividends or any other returns on the Underlying or its components 
if the Issuer is entitled to these due to the features of the Securities. 
Certain costs such as any administrative fees charged are often during pricing not spread 
equally over the term of the Securities (pro rata temporis), thereby reducing the price, but 
instead are deducted in full from the theoretical value of the Securities at an earlier point in 
time determined at the discretion of the Market Maker. The same applies for the Margin, if 
any, contained in the selling price of the Securities as well as for dividends and other returns 
on the underlying if the Issuer is entitled to these due to the features of the Securities. These 
are often not only deducted from the price when the underlying or its components are traded 
'ex dividend', but are deducted at an earlier point during the term on the basis of the expected 
dividends for the whole term or a particular period. The speed of the deduction depends among 
other things on the amount of any net return flow from the Securities to the Market Maker. 
The prices quoted by the Market Maker can therefore deviate considerably from the theoretical 
value or value of the Securities to be expected based on the above mentioned factors at the 
relevant point in time. Furthermore, the Market Maker can change the methodology by which 
the prices are determined at any time, e.g., by increasing or decreasing the spread. The result 
of such deviation from the theoretical value of the Securities can be that bid and offer prices 
quoted by other traders for the Securities deviate significantly (both upwards and downwards) 
from the prices quoted by the Market Maker. 
(b) 
Discretionary powers of the Issuer and the Calculation Agent, including in relation to the Issuer's 
hedging arrangements 
There are certain events – relating to the Issuer, the Issuer's hedging arrangements, the Underlying(s), 
taxation, the relevant currency or other matters – the occurrence of which may give rise under certain 
circumstances to discretionary powers of the Issuer or the Calculation Agent under the terms and 
conditions of the Securities.  
In relation to the Underlying(s), a key investment objective of the Securities is to allow investors to 
gain an economic exposure to the Underlying(s). If an Underlying is materially impacted by an 
unexpected event (for example, a company merges and the original stock that formed an Underlying 
is restructured or changed, or the rules of an index that is an Underlying are materially modified) or 
the relevant price, level or value can no longer be calculated, then it may not be possible to achieve 
the investment objective of the Securities based on their original terms. In that case, the Issuer and/or 
the Calculation Agent may have discretionary powers under the terms and conditions of the Securities 
to (i) adjust the terms and conditions of the Securities, (ii) in certain cases, substitute the Underlying(s) 
for another, (iii) calculate the relevant price, level or value itself, (iv) postpone payment, (v) redeem 
the Securities early, or (vi) apply some combination thereof. 
In relation to the Issuer or the Calculation Agent's hedging arrangements, Investors should be aware 
that (i) in exercising its discretionary powers under the terms and conditions of the Securities, each of 
the Issuer and the Calculation Agent may take into account such factors as it determines appropriate 
in each case, which may include, in particular, any circumstances or events which have or may have a 
material impact on the Issuer or the Calculation Agent's hedging arrangements in respect of the 
Securities, and (ii) unless the terms and conditions of the Securities provide that certain hedge 
disruption events do not apply, certain events which affect the Issuer's hedging arrangements can give 
rise to discretionary powers of the Issuer and the Calculation Agent.  
Hedging arrangements are the transactions (if any) entered into by the Issuer or Calculation Agent to 
seek to cover the Issuer's exposure to the relevant cash amounts to be paid or assets to be delivered 
under the Securities as these fall due. This may involve investing directly in the Underlying(s) or

--- Page 80 ---
Risk Factors
 
76 
 
entering into derivative contracts referencing the Underlying(s) or other techniques. The particular 
hedging arrangements (if any) undertaken by the Issuer or the Calculation Agent, and their cost, will 
likely be a significant determinant of the issue price or other economic terms of the Securities. 
Accordingly, if an event occurs which negatively impacts the Issuer or Calculation Agent's hedging 
arrangements, the Issuer or the Calculation Agent may have options available to it under the terms and 
conditions of the Securities which it may select in its discretion in order to deal with the impact of the 
event on such hedging arrangements. These options may include adjustment of the terms and 
conditions of the Securities or early redemption of the Securities. In the event of early redemption, the 
early redemption amount may be less than an Investor's investment and, therefore, Investors could lose 
some or all of their investment.

--- Page 81 ---
National Bank of Canada 
 
 
77 
 
NATIONAL BANK OF CANADA 
 
1. 
Incorporation and Head Office 
The Issuer's legal and commercial name is "National Bank of Canada". The Issuer's roots date back to 1859 
with the founding of Banque Nationale in Québec City, Québec, Canada. 
The National Bank of Canada is a chartered bank governed by the Bank Act (Canada) (the "Bank Act") and is 
named in Schedule I of the Bank Act. As a chartered bank, the Issuer is not registered in any company register. 
Its legal entity identifier (LEI) is BSGEFEIOM18Y80CKCV46. The head office and principal place of 
business of the Issuer is located at National Bank Place, 800 Saint-Jacques Street, Montréal, Québec, Canada 
H3C 1A3. The telephone number of the Issuer is +1-514-394-5000. The Issuer's website may be found at 
www.nbc.ca. The information on the Issuer's website does not form part of this Base Prospectus unless that 
information is incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus. 
2. 
Business of the Issuer 
The Issuer is the parent company of its group subsidiaries and, together, is an integrated provider of financial 
services to retail, commercial, corporate and institutional clients. 
As set out in the Bank Act, its corporate purpose is to act as a financial institution throughout Canada and can 
carry on business, conduct its affairs and exercise its powers in any jurisdiction outside Canada to the extent 
and in the manner that the laws of that jurisdiction permit. It operates in four business segments, Personal and 
Commercial, Wealth Management, Financial Markets, and U.S. Specialty Finance and International, and offers 
a complete range of services: banking and investment solutions, insurance, wealth management, corporate and 
investment banking, mutual fund and pension fund management, and securities brokerage. 
It is the sixth largest bank in Canada in terms of assets (source: the Office of the Superintendent of Financial 
Institutions Canada (the "OSFI")) - Financial Data - Banks) with branches in almost every province. Clients 
in the United States, Europe and other parts of the world are served through a network of representative offices, 
subsidiaries and partnerships. 
3. 
Major Shareholders 
The Bank Act contains restrictions on the issue, transfer, acquisition, beneficial ownership and voting of all 
shares of a chartered bank. The following is a summary of such restrictions. 
Subject to certain exceptions specified in the Bank Act, no person may be a major shareholder of a bank if the 
bank has equity of $12 billion or more. In the event that the equity of the bank is less than $12 billion and the 
Bank Act would otherwise permit a person to own up to 65 per cent. of any class of shares of the bank, the 
bank is deemed to be a bank to which the ownership restrictions for banks with equity of $12 billion or more 
apply until the Minister of Finance (Canada) specifies, on application by the bank, that these restrictions no 
longer apply to the bank. 
A person is a major shareholder of a bank where: (i) the aggregate of shares of any class of voting shares of a 
bank beneficially owned by that person, by entities controlled by that person and by any person acting jointly 
or in concert with that person is more than 20 per cent. of all of the outstanding shares of that class of shares; 
or (ii) the aggregate of shares of any class of non-voting shares of a bank beneficially owned by that person, 
by entities controlled by that person and by any person acting jointly or in concert with that person is more 
than 30 per cent. of all of the outstanding shares of that class of non-voting shares. 
Furthermore, no person may have a significant interest in any class of shares of a Canadian bank, without 
approval as required under the Bank Act. A person has a significant interest in a class of shares of a bank where 
the aggregate of any shares of the class beneficially owned by that person, by entities controlled by that person

--- Page 82 ---
National Bank of Canada 
 
 
78 
 
and by any person acting jointly or in concert with that person exceeds 10 per cent. of all of the outstanding 
shares of that class of shares of such bank. 
Subject to certain exceptions, the Bank Act also prohibits the registration of a transfer or issue of any shares 
of the bank to His Majesty in right of Canada or of a province or any agent or agency of His Majesty in either 
of those rights, or to the government of a foreign country or any political subdivision, agent or agency of any 
of them. 
There are no measures in place to ensure that control of the Issuer is not abused as the Issuer has no major 
shareholders. 
To the extent known to the Issuer, the Issuer is not directly or indirectly owned or controlled by any person. 
4. 
Issuer Ratings 
Each of the Issuer's debt securities ratings as at the date of this Base Prospectus received from a rating agency 
with which it cooperated are listed below. 
Rating 
Agency 
Subordinated 
Debt/ 
NVCC 
Subordinated 
Debt 
Short
-term 
Debt 
Legacy 
Senior 
Debt1 
Bail-In 
Senior 
Debt2 
Outlook 
Moody's 
Investor 
Service Inc. 
Baa2 / 
Baa2(hyb) 
P-1 
Aa3 
A3 
Positive 
Standard & 
Poor's 
Financial 
Services 
LLC 
BBB+ / BBB 
A-1 
A 
BBB+ 
Stable 
Fitch 
Ratings 
Canada Inc. 
A- / - 
F1+ 
AA- 
A+ 
Stable 
DBRS 
Morningstar 
A (high) / A 
(low) 
R-1 
(high) 
AA  
AA (low) 
Stable 
 
See pages 23 to 25 of the 2023 Annual Information Form incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus 
for a definition of the categories of each of the credit ratings referred to above. Further information may be 
obtained from the relevant rating agency. 
A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to revision or 
withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. Investors may suffer losses if the credit rating assigned 
to the Securities does not reflect the then creditworthiness of such Securities. 
Each of the rating agencies enumerated above is neither established in the EU nor registered under Regulation 
(EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended, the "EU CRA Regulation"). Ratings by Standard & Poor's Financial 
 
1  
Includes Securities issued prior to 23 September 2018 and Securities issued on or after 23 September 2018 which are excluded from the Bank 
Recapitalization (Bail-in) Regime. 
2  
Expected ratings of Bail-inable Securities that are issued after 23 September 2018.

--- Page 83 ---
National Bank of Canada 
 
 
79 
 
Services LLC are endorsed by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited, ratings by Moody's Investor Service Inc. 
are endorsed by Moody's Deutschland GmbH, ratings by Fitch Ratings Canada Inc. are endorsed by Fitch 
Ratings Ireland Limited, and ratings by DBRS Morningstar are endorsed by DBRS Ratings GmbH. Each of 
the mentioned endorsing rating agencies is a credit rating agency established in the EU and registered under 
and in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation.  
5. 
Financial Update and Recent Events 
Outstanding deposits of the Bank on a consolidated basis as at 31 October 2023 were $288.2 billion and as at 
30 April 2024 were $306.9 billion. 
Since 30 April 2024, the last day of the financial period in respect of which the most recent comparative unaudited 
interim condensed consolidated financial statements of the Bank have been prepared, there has been no significant 
change in the financial performance or financial position of the Bank and its consolidated subsidiaries taken as a 
whole. 
Since 31 October 2023, being the date of the last published comparative audited consolidated financial statements of 
the Bank, there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Bank and its consolidated subsidiaries 
taken as a whole, nor any material changes in the Bank's borrowing and funding structure except as described in the 
following paragraph.  
On 11 June 2024, the Issuer announced that it has entered into an agreement with Canadian Western Bank 
pursuant to which, following receipt of all necessary Canadian Western Bank shareholder and regulatory 
approvals, the Issuer will, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in such agreement, acquire all issued 
and outstanding common shares of Canadian Western Bank by way of share exchange, valuing Canadian 
Western Bank at approximately $5 billion. The transaction is expected to close by 31 December 2025, subject 
to approval by Canadian Western Bank's common shareholders and receipt of required regulatory approvals. 
The Issuer also announced an equity financing in Canada expected to close on or about 17 June 2024. The 
Issuer intends to use the net proceeds from the offering to support strong regulatory capital ratios following 
the closing of the transaction, to fund any cash consideration under the terms of the transaction and to pay 
transaction expenses. 
There are no known trends, uncertainties, demands, commitments or events that are reasonably likely to have 
a material effect on the Issuer's prospects for its current financial year. 
6. 
Board of Directors 
Name 
Principal Occupation 
Pierre Blouin .............................  
Corporate Director 
Pierre Boivin .............................  
Vice Chairman and Special Advisor, Claridge 
Inc. 
Yvon Charest ............................  
Corporate Director 
Patricia Curadeau-Grou ............  
Corporate Director 
Laurent Ferreira ........................  
President and Chief Executive Officer, National 
Bank of Canada 
Annick Guérard ........................  
President and Chief Executive Officer, Transat 
A.T. Inc. 
Karen Kinsley ...........................  
Corporate Director 
Lynn Loewen ............................  
Corporate Director

--- Page 84 ---
National Bank of Canada 
 
 
80 
 
Rebecca McKillican..................  
Corporate Director  
Arielle Meloul-Wechsler ..........  
Executive 
Vice 
President, 
Chief 
Human 
Resources Officer and Public Affairs, Air Canada 
Robert Paré ...............................  
Chair of the Board of Directors, National Bank of 
Canada  
Pierre Pomerleau .......................  
Chair of the Board, Pomerleau Inc. 
Macky Tall ................................  
Partner and Chair of the Infrastructure Group, 
The Carlyle Group Inc. 
The business address of all of the Directors and Senior Officers is the head office of the Bank at National Bank 
Place, 800 Saint-Jacques Street, Montréal, Québec, Canada H3C 1A3. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Bank is not aware of any potential conflicts of interest between the 
duties owed to the Bank by the persons listed above and their private interests and external duties. If a director 
were to have a material interest in a matter being considered by the board of directors or any of its committees, 
such director would not participate in any discussions relating to, or any vote on, such matter. 
7. 
Senior Leadership Team 
Name 
Position Held 
Lucie Blanchet ..........................  
Executive Vice-President, Personal Banking and 
Client Experience 
William Bonnell .......................  
Executive Vice-President, Risk Management1 
Michael Denham .......................  
Executive Vice-President, Commercial and 
Private Banking 
Étienne Dubuc ..........................  
Executive Vice-President – Financial Markets 
and Co-President and Co-Chief Executive 
Officer, National Bank Financial 
Laurent Ferreira ........................  
President and Chief Executive Officer 
Marie Chantal Gingras ..............  
Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice-
President, Finance 
Nancy Paquet ............................  
Executive Vice-President, Wealth Management 
Brigitte Hébert ..........................  
Executive Vice-President, Employee Experience 
Julie Lévesque ..........................  
Executive 
Vice-President, 
Technology 
and 
Operations 
1 On 9 May 2024, William Bonnell announced that he will retire from his role as Executive Vice President, Risk Management, 
effective 1 November 2024, while staying on as a strategic advisor for an interim period. On 1 November 2024, Jean-Sébastien 
Grisé, currently Senior Vice President and Chief Credit Officer, will be appointed as Mr Bonnell's successor. 
The above table describes the Senior Leadership Team as at the date of this Base Prospectus.  
The full address of the senior officers is the head office of the Bank, National Bank Place, 800 Saint-Jacques 
Street, Montréal, Québec, Canada H3C 1A3.

--- Page 85 ---
National Bank of Canada 
 
 
81 
 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Bank is not aware of any potential conflicts of interest between the 
duties owed to the Bank by the persons listed above in the section "Senior Leadership Team" and their private 
interests and external duties. If an individual in the "Senior Leadership Team" were to have a material interest 
in a matter being considered by the "Senior Leadership Team", such individual would not participate in any 
discussions relating to such matter. 
8. 
Share Capital 
Further to amendments effective as of 19 April 2024, the Issuer's authorised share capital consisted of an 
unlimited number of common shares without par value, issuable for a consideration determined by the Board 
of Directors; provided that the first preferred shares outstanding at any time shall have been issued for an 
aggregate consideration of not more than $7,500,000,000, or the equivalent thereof in foreign currencies; and 
15,000,000 second preferred shares without par value, and issuable for a maximum aggregate consideration of 
$300,000,000, or the equivalent in foreign currency. The main features of each of these classes and series are 
described below.  
Common Shares  
The common shares carry and are subject to the rights, privileges, restrictions and conditions set out below:  
Dividends: Holders of common shares are entitled to receive dividends, in such amounts and payable at such 
times as the Board of Directors determines.  
Liquidation, Dissolution or Winding-Up: In the event of the liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the 
Issuer, after payment to the holders of first preferred shares and to the holders of second preferred shares of 
the amounts described under "First Preferred Shares" and under "Second Preferred Shares" or holders of shares 
of any other class of shares ranking senior to common shares, respectively, the remaining property of the Issuer 
will be distributed rateably among the holders of common shares.  
Voting Rights: Subject to certain restrictions, holders of common shares are entitled to cast one vote per share 
at all meetings of shareholders of the Issuer, except meetings at which only holders of a specified class or 
series of shares are entitled to vote. 
First Preferred Shares  
The first preferred shares carry and are subject to the rights, privileges, restrictions and conditions set out 
below:  
Rank: First preferred shares have priority over common shares and any other Bank shares with a rank lower 
than first preferred shares with respect to the payment of dividends and the distribution of assets in the event 
of liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the Bank.  
Issuance in Series: First preferred shares may be issued, subject to the provisions of the Act, in one or more 
series. The Board may, by resolution, establish the number of shares in, and determine the respective 
designations, rights, privileges, restrictions and conditions of each series (other than series already issued and 
outstanding), including the rate, amount or calculation method and terms and conditions of redemption, 
purchase or conversion and sinking fund or purchase fund provisions.  
Creation or Issue of Superior or Equal Ranking Shares: The Bank may not, without the prior approval of the 
holders of first preferred shares in addition to such approvals as may be required by the Bank Act or any other 
legal requirement, create or issue any shares ranking in priority to or pari passu with the first preferred shares; 
or create or issue any additional series of first preferred shares, unless at the date of such creation or issuance 
of all cumulative dividends up to and including the dividend payment for the last completed period for which 
such cumulative dividends are payable, have been declared and paid or set aside for payment in respect of each 
series of cumulative first preferred shares then issued and outstanding, and all declared and unpaid non-
cumulative dividends have been paid or set aside for payment in respect of each series of non-cumulative first 
preferred shares then issued and outstanding.

--- Page 86 ---
National Bank of Canada 
 
 
82 
 
Changes to Series: The Bank may not, without prior approval of the holders of first preferred shares of the 
series concerned, and subject to the approvals required by the Act, or any other legal requirement, delete or 
change the relevant provisions of the first preferred shares. Holders of first preferred shares of the series 
concerned may give their approval by resolution adopted through the affirmative vote of at least 66⅔% of the 
votes cast at a meeting of the holders of the shares of the series concerned, where the majority of shares 
outstanding in the series concerned is represented or, if such a quorum is not obtained at this meeting, any 
rescheduled meeting where the shareholders are present or represented by proxy would constitute the quorum 
needed.  
Dividends: Holders of all series of first preferred shares are entitled to receive dividends in such amounts and 
payable at such times as the Board determines, in accordance with the conditions of the series. Holders of any 
series of first preferred shares are entitled to preference over the holders of common shares, second preferred 
shares and shares of any other class of Bank shares ranking junior to the first preferred shares. In the case of 
cumulative dividends, the priority will cover all dividends accrued (which for such purpose will be calculated 
as if such dividends were accruing from day to day) and unpaid. In the case of non-cumulative dividends, the 
priority will cover all declared and unpaid dividends. Holders of any series of first preferred shares are not 
entitled to any dividends other than those expressly provided for in the rights, privileges, restrictions and 
conditions attached to such series of first preferred shares.  
Liquidation, Dissolution or Winding-Up: In the event of the liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the Bank, 
before any amount is paid or any property distributed to the holders of common shares, second preferred shares, 
or shares of any other class of Bank shares ranking junior to the first preferred shares, the holders of each series 
of first preferred shares are entitled to receive (i) an amount equal to the price at which such shares were issued, 
(ii) such premium, if any, as has been provided for with respect to such series, and (iii) in the case of cumulative 
first preferred shares, all cumulative accrued and unpaid dividends and, in the case of non-cumulative first 
preferred shares, all non-cumulative dividends declared and remaining unpaid on and including the date of 
distribution. After payment to the holders of first preferred shares of the amounts so payable to them, they may 
not participate in any further distribution of the property or assets of the Bank.  
Voting Rights: Subject to the provisions of the Act and except as otherwise provided in the rights, privileges, 
restrictions and conditions attaching to any series of first preferred shares, the holders of first preferred shares 
do not, as such, have any voting rights for the election of directors of the Bank, the appointment of the 
independent auditor, or for any other purpose nor are they entitled to receive any notice of or attend 
shareholders' meetings.  
Redemption: Subject to the consent of the OSFI and the provisions of the Act, the Bank may, at its discretion, 
redeem for cash the first preferred shares, in whole or in part, on the dates and at the amounts set out the 
conditions of the series.  
Conversion: Subject to certain conditions, holders of first preferred shares will have the right, at their 
discretion, to convert all or part of their shares into the corresponding number of first preferred shares of 
another series, on a fixed date, if applicable, in accordance with the series conditions.  
First Preferred Shares, Series 44: Non-Cumulative 5-Year Rate-Reset Series 44 First Preferred Shares 
("Preferred Shares, Series 44") are part of the Bank's authorised share capital and of the assets of the NBC 
LRCN Limited Recourse Trust (the "LRCN Trust"). As at 9 September 2020, and concurrently with the 
issuance of 4.300% Limited Recourse Capital Notes, Series 1 ("LRCN, Series 1"), 500,000 Preferred Shares, 
Series 44, were issued at a price of $1,000 each in favour of the Computershare Trust Company of Canada as 
trustee for the LRCN Trust. Every LRCN, Series 1, gives the holder a proportionate share of the assets of the 
LRCN Trust in case of: i) non-payment of interest on one of the interest-payment dates; ii) non-payment of 
the redemption amount in the event the LRCN, Series 1, are redeemed; iii) non-payment of principal of the 
LRCN, Series 1, when due or; iv) a case of default regarding the LRCN, Series 1. Under such circumstances, 
the holders of LRCN, Series 1, would be entitled to receive Preferred Shares, Series 44, which would pay fixed 
rate non-cumulative preferential cash dividends, redeemable at the Bank's option as of 15 October 2025, except 
in the case of a redemption of LRCN, Series 1 or a special event, and subject to the provisions of the law and

--- Page 87 ---
National Bank of Canada 
 
 
83 
 
prior consent from OSFI. As long as Preferred Shares, Series 44, are held by Computershare Trust Company 
of Canada as trustee of the LRCN Trust, they do not pay dividends.  
First Preferred Shares, Series 45: Non-Cumulative 5-Year Rate-Reset Series 45 First Preferred Shares 
("Preferred Shares, Series 45") are part of the Bank's authorised share capital and of the assets of the NBC 
LRCN Trust. As at 21 April 2021, and concurrently with the issuance of 4.05% Limited Recourse Capital 
Notes, Series 2 ("LRCN, Series 2"), 500,000 Preferred Shares, Series 45, were issued at a price of $1,000 each 
in favour of the Computershare Trust Company of Canada as trustee for the LRCN Trust. Every LRCN, Series 
2, gives the holder a proportionate share of the assets of the LRCN Trust in case of: i) non-payment of interest 
on one of the interest-payment dates; ii) non-payment of the redemption amount in the event the LRCN, Series 
2, are redeemed; iii) non-payment of principal of the LRCN, Series 2, when due, or; iv) a case of default 
regarding the LRCN, Series 2. Under such circumstances, the holders of LRCN, Series 2, would be entitled to 
receive Preferred Shares, Series 45, which would pay fixed rate non-cumulative preferential cash dividends, 
redeemable at the Bank's option as of 15 July 2026, except in the case of a redemption of LRCN, Series 2, or 
a special event, and subject to the provisions of the law and prior consent from OSFI. As long as Preferred 
Shares, Series 45, are held by Computershare Trust Company of Canada as trustee of the LRCN Trust, they 
do not pay dividends.  
First Preferred Shares, Series 46: Non-Cumulative 5-Year Rate-Reset Series 46 First Preferred Shares 
("Preferred Shares, Series 46") are part of the Bank's authorised share capital and of the assets of the NBC 
LRCN Trust. As at 8 September 2022, and concurrently with the issuance of 7.500% Limited Recourse Capital 
Notes, Series 3 ("LRCN, Series 3"), 500,000 Preferred Shares, Series 46, were issued at a price of $1,000 each 
in favour of Computershare Trust Company of Canada as trustee for the LRCN Trust. Every LRCN, Series 3, 
gives the holder a proportionate share of the assets of the LRCN Trust in case of: i) non-payment of interest 
on one of the interest-payment dates; ii) non-payment of the redemption amount in the event of the LRCN, 
Series 3, are redeemed; iii) non-payment of principal of the LRCN, Series 3, when due, or; iv) a case of default 
regarding the LRCN, Series 3. Under such circumstances, the holders of LRCN, Series 3, would be entitled to 
receive Preferred Shares, Series 46, which would pay fixed rate non-cumulative preferential cash dividends, 
redeemable at the Bank's option as of 16 November 2027, except in the case of a redemption of LRCN, Series 
3, or a special event, and subject to provisions of the law and prior consent from OSFI. As long as Preferred 
Shares, Series 46, are held by Computershare Trust Company of Canada as trustee of the LRCN Trust, they 
do not pay dividends.  
Automatic Conversion of Non-Viability Contingent Capital (NVCC)  
In accordance with the capital adequacy requirements adopted by OSFI, non-common capital instruments 
issued after 1 January 2013, including subordinated debt securities and first preferred shares, must include 
terms providing for the full and permanent conversion of such securities into common shares upon the 
occurrence of certain trigger events relating to financial viability in order to qualify as regulatory capital.  
The conditions of the first preferred shares provide that these shares will automatically and immediately be 
converted, on a full and permanent basis, into a specified number of common shares of the Bank as determined 
using an automatic conversion formula (value of the share, which is $25.00 or $1,000 based on the conditions 
set out for each series, plus all declared and unpaid dividends for these shares, divided by the conversion price, 
which for first preferred shares is the greater of a floor price of $5.00 (subject to certain adjustments) and the 
market price of the Bank's common shares or, in the absence of such a market price, their fair value) upon the 
occurrence of a trigger event.  
A trigger event is defined as follows: (i) OSFI publicly announces that the Bank has been advised, in writing, 
that OSFI is of the opinion that the Bank has ceased, or is about to cease to be viable and that, after the 
conversion of all preferred shares and all other contingent instruments issued by the Bank, and taking into 
account any other factors or circumstances that are considered relevant or appropriate, it is reasonably likely 
that the viability of the Bank will be restored or maintained or (ii) a federal or provincial government in Canada 
publicly announces that the Bank has accepted or agreed to accept a capital injection, or equivalent support, 
from the federal government or any provincial government or political subdivision or agent or agency thereof 
without which the Bank would have been determined by OSFI to be nonviable.

--- Page 88 ---
National Bank of Canada 
 
 
84 
 
Second Preferred Shares  
Second preferred shares are part of the Bank's authorised share capital, but no shares in this category had been 
issued as at 31 October 2023.  
Second preferred shares carry and are subject to the rights, privileges, restrictions and conditions set out below:  
Rank: Second preferred shares rank senior to the common shares and the shares of any other class of Bank 
shares that rank junior to the second preferred shares, but rank junior to the first preferred shares with regard 
to dividends and return of capital in the event of the liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the Bank. 
Issuance in Series: Second preferred shares may be issued from time to time in one or more series. The Board 
may, by resolution, subject to the provisions of the Act, set the number of shares in, and determine the 
respective designations, rights, privileges, restrictions and conditions of each series, including the rate, amount 
or calculation method and terms and conditions of redemption, purchase or conversion and sinking fund or 
purchase fund provisions.  
Creation or Issue of Superior or Equal Ranking Shares: The Bank may not, without the prior approval of the 
holders of first preferred shares in addition to such approvals as may be required by the Bank Act or any other 
legal requirement, create or issue any shares ranking in priority to or pari passu with the first preferred shares; 
or create or issue any additional series of first preferred shares, unless at the date of such creation or issuance 
of all cumulative dividends up to and including the dividend payment for the last completed period for which 
such cumulative dividends are payable, have been declared and paid or set aside for payment in respect of each 
series of cumulative first preferred shares then issued and outstanding, and all declared and unpaid non-
cumulative dividends have been paid or set aside for payment in respect of each series of non-cumulative first 
preferred shares then issued and outstanding.  
Changes to Series: The Bank may not, without prior approval of the holders of second preferred shares of the 
series concerned, and subject to the approvals required by the Act, or any other legal requirement, delete or 
change the relevant provisions of the second preferred shares. Holders of first preferred shares of the series 
concerned may give their approval by resolution adopted through the affirmative vote of at least 66⅔% of the 
votes cast at a meeting of the holders of the shares of the series concerned, where the majority of shares 
outstanding in the series concerned is represented or, if such a quorum is not obtained at this meeting, any 
rescheduled meeting where the shareholders are present or represented by proxy would constitute the quorum 
needed.  
Dividends: Holders of second preferred shares are entitled to receive dividends in such amounts and payable 
at such times as the Board determines. With respect to dividends, holders of any series of second preferred 
shares have priority over the holders of common shares or any other class of Bank shares ranking junior to the 
second preferred shares. In the case of cumulative dividends, the priority will cover all dividends accrued 
(which for such purpose will be calculated as if such dividends were accruing from day to day) and unpaid. In 
the case of non-cumulative dividends, the priority will cover all declared and unpaid dividends. The holders 
of any series of second preferred shares are not entitled to any dividends other than those expressly provided 
for in the rights, privileges, restrictions and conditions attached to such series of second preferred shares.  
Liquidation, Dissolution or Winding-Up: In the event of the liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the Bank, 
before any amount is paid or any property distributed to the holders of common shares or shares of any other 
class of Bank shares ranking junior to the second preferred shares, the holders of each series of second preferred 
shares are entitled to receive (i) an amount equal to the price at which such shares were issued, (ii) such 
premium, if any, as has been provided for with respect to such series, and (iii) in the case of cumulative second 
preferred shares, all cumulative accrued and unpaid dividends, and in the case of non-cumulative second 
preferred shares, all non-cumulative dividends declared and remaining unpaid up to and including the date of 
distribution. After payment to the holders of second preferred shares of the amounts so payable to them, they 
may not participate in any further distribution of the property or assets of the Bank.  
Voting Rights: Subject to the provisions of the Act and except as otherwise provided in the rights, privileges, 
restrictions and conditions attaching to any series of second preferred shares, the holders of second preferred

--- Page 89 ---
National Bank of Canada 
 
 
85 
 
shares do not, as such, have any voting rights for the election of directors of the Bank, the appointment of the 
independent auditor, or for any other purpose nor are they entitled to receive any notice of or attend 
shareholders' meetings. 
9. 
Material Contracts 
The Bank has not entered into any contracts outside the ordinary course of the Bank's business which could 
materially affect the Bank's obligations in respect of any Securities to be issued by the Bank pursuant to this 
Base Prospectus. 
10. 
Litigation 
Other than as described below, there have been no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including 
any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware), during a period covering 
at least the previous 12 months which may have, or have had in the recent past significant effects on the Issuer 
and/or group's financial position or profitability. 
In the normal course of business, the Bank and its consolidated subsidiaries are involved in various claims 
relating, among other matters, to loan portfolios, investment portfolios, and supplier agreements, including 
court proceedings, investigations or claims of a regulatory nature, class actions, or other legal remedies of 
varied nature. 
More specifically, the Bank is involved as a defendant in class actions instituted by consumers contesting, inter 
alia, certain transaction fees or who wish to avail themselves of certain legislative provisions relating to 
consumer protection. The recent developments in the main legal proceeding involving the Bank are as follows: 
Defrance 
On 21 January 2019, the Québec Superior Court authorised a class action against the Bank and several other 
Canadian financial institutions. The originating application was served on the Bank on 23 April 2019. The 
class action was initiated on behalf of consumers residing in Québec. The claimants allege that non-sufficient 
funds charges, billed by all of the defendants when a payment order is refused due to non-sufficient funds, are 
illegal and prohibited by the Consumer Protection Act and are claiming, in the form of damages, the repayment 
of these charges as well as punitive damages. 
It is impossible to determine the outcome of the claims instituted or which may be instituted against the Bank 
and its consolidated subsidiaries. The Bank estimates, based on the information at its disposal, that while the 
amount of contingent liabilities pertaining to these claims, taken individually or in the aggregate, could have a 
material impact on the Bank's consolidated results of operations for a particular period, it would not have a 
material adverse impact on the Bank's consolidated financial position. 
Provisions are liabilities for which the timing and amount are uncertain. A provision is recognised when the 
Bank has a present obligation (legal or constructive) arising from a past event, when it is probable that an 
outflow of resources embodying economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation and when the 
amount of the obligation can be reliably estimated. The recognition of a litigation provision requires the 
judgment of the Bank's management in assessing the existence of an obligation, the timing and probability of 
loss, and estimates of potential monetary impact. Provisions are based on the Bank's best estimates of the 
economic resources required to settle the present obligation, given all available information and relevant risks 
and uncertainties, and, when it is significant, the effect of the time value of money. However, the actual amount 
required to settle litigation could be significantly higher or lower than the amounts recognised, as the actual 
amounts depend on a variety of factors and risks, notably the degree to which proceedings have advanced 
when the amount is determined, the presence of multiple defendants whose share of responsibility is 
undetermined, including that of the Bank, the types of matters or allegations in question, including some that 
may involve new legal frameworks or regulations or that set forth new legal interpretations and theories. 
The Bank regularly assesses all litigation provisions by considering the development of each case, its past 
experience in similar transactions and the opinion of its legal counsel. Each new piece of information can alter

--- Page 90 ---
National Bank of Canada 
 
 
86 
 
the Bank's assessment as to the probability and estimated amount of loss and therefore the extent to which it 
adjusts the recorded provision.

--- Page 91 ---
Information on the Securities 
 
 
87 
 
INFORMATION ON THE SECURITIES 
 
1. 
Information about the Securities to be offered 
The Issuer from time to time issues securities with various structures as explained below (the "Securities" or 
"Product Types").  
The Securities are underwritten by one or more Dealers and offered as specified in the respective Issue Terms.  
The issue price of the Securities is set by the Issuer, the relevant Dealer or another company appointed by the 
Issuer as Market Maker.  
Since the issue size (i.e. the number of Securities), the Product Types, the Redemption Features and other 
Features of the Securities as well as the specific terms of the offer will only be determined at the time of the 
issue and not at the date of the Base Prospectus, this information and the terms and conditions set out in "Terms 
and Conditions of the Securities" (the "Conditions", and each, a "Condition") must be read together with the 
Issue Terms, which complete the Base Prospectus and are published at the start of the public offer of the 
Securities in accordance with Article 21 of the Prospectus Regulation or of the private placement of the 
Securities, respectively. 
The following description is intended to illustrate the general operation of the Securities. The Securities are 
described in detail in the Conditions.  
The description of the method of operation generally assumes that the Securities are purchased at the issue 
price at the time of the issue. In case of purchases or sales of the Securities in the secondary market, particular 
attention should be paid to the spread, i.e. the difference between the purchase and selling prices of the 
Securities set by the Market Maker. 
The Issuer may also increase the issue size of Securities issued from time to time to tap or add one or more 
further tranches to a particular issue. 
The applicable securities identification number of the Securities is set out in the applicable Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement. 
2. 
Specific Information 
2.1 
Form of the Securities 
Securities governed by the laws of the Province of Ontario under the Base Prospectus will be issued as 
Materialised Securities, either as Bearer Securities or Registered Securities, as set out in General Condition 1 
(Form, Denomination and Title of the Securities). 
Securities governed by English law under the Base Prospectus will be issued as Materialised Securities, either 
as Bearer Securities or Registered Securities, as set out in General Condition 1 (Form, Denomination and Title 
of the Securities). 
Securities governed by French law under the Base Prospectus will be issued only as Dematerialised Securities, 
either as Bearer Securities or Registered Securities, as set out in General Condition 1 (Form, Denomination 
and Title of the Securities). 
2.2 
General description of the Securities 
Securities to be issued under the Base Prospectus give the respective Securityholders the right to the payment 
of certain interest, coupon, premium, call or redemption amounts vis-à-vis the Issuer. The rights of the

--- Page 92 ---
Information on the Securities 
 
 
88 
 
respective Securityholders are governed in detail by the applicable Conditions (as completed by the Issue 
Terms). 
On the basis of the Securities, Securityholders can  
(i)  
in the case of Structured Securities receive coupon payments based on the applicable Coupon Features 
and/or participate in the performance of a certain Underlying (share, index, exchange traded fund, 
currency exchange rate, commodity or commodity index, fund, inflation index, futures contract or index 
benchmark) or of a basket consisting of one or more of these Underlyings, without having to purchase 
the respective Underlying or its constituents directly and  
(ii)  
in the case of Credit Linked Notes receive payments of interest, and principal where the amount payable 
depends upon whether certain credit events in respect of one or more Reference Entities have occurred.  
Because of various Coupon Features, Redemption Features and additional Features of the Securities, an 
investment in Securities is not comparable to a direct investment in the respective Underlying or its 
constituents. These include, in particular, the finite term, the potential payment of the Redemption Amount at 
redemption, the absence of a right to distributions (e.g. dividends), subscription rights or other similar income, 
and the risk of the insolvency of the Issuer. Depending on the relevant Features, there are other product features 
that distinguish the Securities from a direct investment. 
The purchase of the Securities may lead to a loss of the capital invested by the Securityholder. In the worst 
case, the risk of loss may result in the total loss of the capital invested and the transaction costs incurred. This 
risk exists irrespective of the financial capacities of the Issuer. The Securities will only produce a positive 
return if the Redemption Amount is higher than the amount invested by the Securityholder for the purchase of 
the Securities (including any associated costs and fees). If the Redemption Amount is lower than the amount 
so invested (including any associated costs and fees), the Securityholder will suffer a loss.  
Securityholders must always be aware that the market on which the Securities or the Underlyings are traded, 
may perform differently from what they had hoped for. Especially in view of the finite term of the Securities, 
i.e. with a Redemption Date specified on the issue date in accordance with the Issue Terms, there can be no 
assurance that the price of the Securities will subsequently recover its value and return to the level of the 
purchase price paid by the Securityholder prior to maturity. 
Under the Conditions, following the occurrence of certain events outside of the control of the Issuer, including 
changes in law, any Dealer, the Paying Agents and their respective affiliates, the Calculation Agent may 
exercise discretion to take one or more of the actions available to it in order to deal with the impact of such 
event on the Securities or (if applicable) the Issuer's hedging arrangements. Any such discretionary 
determinations could have a material adverse impact on the value of and return on the Securities. 
2.3 
Description of the rights of Securityholders 
Upon the purchase of the Securities, the Issuer grants each Securityholder the right to redemption, i.e. to the 
payment of a Redemption Amount on the maturity of the Securities and, as specified in the Issue Terms, certain 
other payments, for example coupon, premium or interest payments. All rights and obligations arising in 
connection with the Securities are determined in accordance with the Conditions, see "Terms and Conditions 
of the Securities". 
Limitations to the rights 
In addition to particular rights applicable in the event of certain adjustment or extraordinary event (as described 
in the respective Underlying Linked Provisions), the Issuer has the option, in accordance with the Conditions, 
to redeem the Securities extraordinarily in certain cases at the Early Redemption Amount. These extraordinary 
termination rights will be exercised, for example, in cases where, following changes in the Underlying, it is 
not possible in the Issuer's opinion to make an adjustment to the Securities linked to the affected Underlying 
that makes sense in financial terms.

--- Page 93 ---
Information on the Securities 
 
 
89 
 
Furthermore, in the case of Taxation Reasons, Illegality, a TLAC Disqualification Event, an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event, a Disruption Event or a Special Circumstance, the Issuer reserves the right 
in accordance with Sections 4.2 (Early Redemption for Taxation Reasons), 4.3 (Early Redemption for 
Illegality), 4.4 (Early Redemption for a Disruption Event) or 4.5 (Early Redemption for Special Circumstance) 
of the General Conditions and Underlying Specific Conditions - Interest Benchmark Linked Condition 4 (Early 
Redemption for Administrator/Benchmark Event) to extraordinarily redeem the Securities. 
In the event of an extraordinary termination or a specific extraordinary termination event, the Issue Terms may 
provide that Issuer shall pay the Early Redemption Amount. The determination of the Early Redemption 
Amount may include hedging losses and costs of the Issuer in respect of the Securities, and the Early 
Redemption Amount may be lower than the capital invested by a Securityholder and could in an extreme 
scenario be even zero (0). 
Ranking of the Securities, Bail-inable Securities 
The Securities to be issued under this Programme constitute direct, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations 
of the Bank ranking pari passu with all other present and future unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness 
of the Bank.  
The Securities will not constitute deposits that are insured under the Canada Deposit Insurance 
Corporation Act (the "CDIC Act"). 
Securities will be specified as Bail-inable Securities in the applicable Issue Terms if such Securities: 
(i)  
have an original or amended term to maturity (including explicit or embedded options) greater than 400 
days, 
(ii) 
have been assigned a CUSIP or ISIN or similar identification number and  
(ii)  
are not otherwise excluded. 
Securities that constitute structured securities (as such term is used under the Bail-in Regime) or are otherwise 
excluded under the Bail-in Regime (as defined in the Conditions) will not be identified as Bail-inable Securities 
in the applicable Issue Terms. Securities that are Bail-inable Securities may be subject to conversion in whole 
or in part – by means of a transaction or series of transactions and in one or more steps – into common shares 
of the Bank or any of its affiliates under the CDIC Act and to variation or extinguishment in consequence and 
subject to the application of the laws of the Province of Ontario and the federal laws of Canada. See "Risk 
Factors—Risks associated with Bail-inable Securities" for a discussion of risks related to investments in such 
Securities. 
2.4 
Operation of the Securities  
General information applicable to all Securities 
The following Section contains a general description of the method of operation and principal features of the 
various Product Types, the Redemption Features of the Structured Securities and other Features that are 
described in the Base Prospectus. 
The final Product Type and the applicable Features and options of the Securities will be specified in the Issue 
Terms. The rights and obligations of the Issuer and of the Securityholders are governed finally by the 
Conditions. 
It is common to all Product Types described in this Base Prospectus that they are risky investment instruments. 
All of the Product Types have a derivative component, i.e. they are financial instruments whose value is 
derived from the value of another financial instrument, credit protection in relation to a one or more Reference 
Entities, the Underlyings and/or Reference Rates.

--- Page 94 ---
Information on the Securities 
 
 
90 
 
No current income 
The Securities (other than Securities with a fixed or minimum coupon) do not provide current income (such as 
interest or dividends). In such cases, the only method of generating income is an increase in the price of the 
Securities. Securityholders must always bear in mind that the performance of the market may differ from their 
expectations. The Securityholder's potential gain or loss is always dependent on the amounts invested by the 
Securityholder to purchase the Securities and is calculated as the difference between the invested amount and 
the Redemption Amount, or the difference between the invested amount and the selling price in the event that 
the Securities are sold prior to maturity (in each case taking into account transaction costs and any taxes 
incurred). 
Term, early termination 
The Product Types described below are issued with a fixed term. Especially in cases where the Securities have 
a finite term or the term ends early as a result of termination by the Issuer or for other reasons (as described 
below for the individual Product Types, where applicable), there can be no assurance, in the event that the 
Securities performs badly for the respective Securityholder in relation to its purchase price, that its value will 
subsequently recover before the end of the term to a level at which the respective Securityholder will at least 
not incur a loss. The term of the Securities ends in all cases with redemption on the relevant date in each case. 
Participation in any subsequent price movement of the Underlying in a direction that is favourable for the 
Securityholder is excluded. 
Currency conversion/Quanto Structure 
If the Underlying for the Securities is denominated wholly or partly in a currency other than the Specified 
Currency, the respective rate of exchange between the currency of the Underlying (specified in the Issue Terms 
as the Underlying Currency) and the Specified Currency plays an important role in calculating the Redemption 
Amount. This exchange rate may be constantly changing and may be different on the date of the currency 
conversion from the rate of exchange on the date when the Securities were purchased. 
Changes in the rate of exchange between the Underlying Currency and the Specified Currency will already 
affect the value of the Securities during their term, since the bid and offer prices are quoted in the relevant 
underlying currency. 
The Issuer may provide in the Issue Terms for all of the Product Types described below that the Features of 
the Securities include currency hedging, with the result that the movement of the rate of exchange between the 
Underlying Currency and the Specified Currency has no effect on the level of the Redemption Amount of the 
Securities. 
The Issuer and/or Market Maker achieves this using a so-called quantity adjusted option, short Quanto 
("Quanto Feature"), and specifies the conversion rate between the two currencies at the time of the issue. In 
the case of Securities with a Quanto Feature, therefore, conversion from the Underlying Currency into the 
Specified Currency of the Securities uses a conversion rate of 1:1. 
For Securities without a Quanto Feature, the Redemption Amount is converted into the Specified Currency at 
the relevant conversion rate. In this event, the Issuer will specify the relevant exchange rate or benchmark for 
the conversion of any payments arising from the Securities in the Conditions. 
Calculations and determinations 
All calculations and determinations in respect of the Securities shall be made by the Calculation Agent. Unless 
otherwise specified in the Issue Terms for a particular Security, the Bank will act as the Calculation Agent for 
all Securities (in such capacity, the "Calculation Agent"). All calculations and determinations made by the 
Calculation Agent in respect of the Securities shall be final and binding on the Issuer and Securityholders in 
the absence of manifest error. No liability shall attach to the Calculation Agent for errors or omissions in 
respect of any calculation, determination or other exercise of discretion under the Conditions provided that, it 
has acted in accordance with General Condition 5.5 (Appointment of Agents).

--- Page 95 ---
Information on the Securities 
 
 
91 
 
2.5 
Specific description of the Structured Securities 
Structured Securities are Securities which generally enable the Securityholder to participate in both increases 
and also falls in the Underlying, subject to the specific parameters of the Redemption Feature and the Downside 
Feature, described below. 
(a) 
Rights and obligations in connection with the Structured Securities  
Rights and obligations in connection with the Structured Securities are determined in accordance with 
their Payout Conditions, in conjunction with General Conditions and the Underlying Specific 
Conditions. These include provisions, among others, relating to the right to payment of a Redemption 
Amount (General Condition 4.1 (Final Redemption) in conjunction with the Payout Conditions). The 
Conditions of the Structured Securities also govern the rights of the Issuer to make adjustments to the 
Conditions and to the Underlying of the Structured Securities or its constituents or in the event of a 
market disruption event on a valuation date or certain adjustment and extraordinary event (Underlying 
Specific Conditions). 
(b) 
Redemption 
Structured Securities in principle grant the holder the right to payment of the Redemption Amount on 
the Redemption Date. 
The Redemption Amount for the Structured Securities will be calculated by reference to a specific 
participation in the performance of the Underlying as provided for by the applicable Redemption 
Feature and the specifically referenced Downside Feature. The level of the Redemption Amount is 
determined on the Redemption Valuation Date. 
(c) 
Calculation of the Redemption Amount 
The Redemption Amount of the Structured Securities will be calculated on the basis of the applicable 
Redemption Feature and Downside Feature selected in the Issue Terms. The calculation method for 
the Redemption Amount applicable to the Structured Securities in each individual case depends in 
principle on whether such Features of the Structured Securities  
• 
provide for fixed payout amounts at a specified Redemption Factor ("Static Redemption 
Feature"); 
• 
depend only or in principal on the Final Reference Price of the Underlying compared to the 
Initial Reference Price of the Underlying and provide for the participation in the performance 
of the Underlying ("Participation Redemption Feature"); 
• 
depend only or in principal on the Final Reference Price of the Underlying compared to the 
Initial Reference Price of the Underlying and provide for the participation in the performance 
of the Underlying based on the Threshold Level ("In the Money Participation Redemption 
Feature"); 
• 
provide for fixed payout amounts in the case of a gain of the Reference Price of the Underlying 
at or above the Threshold Level which may be higher than the actual performance of the 
Underlying ("Digital Redemption Feature"); 
• 
provide for the limited inverse participation in the fall of the Underlying if the Final Reference 
Price is greater than, or greater than or equal to, the Twin Win Barrier, specified in the Issue 
Terms; if the Twin Win Barrier is breached, one of the Downside Features described before 
will apply ("Twin Win Securities Redemption Feature"); 
• 
provide for fixed payout amounts in the case of a gain of the Reference Price of the Underlying 
at or above the Initial Reference Price irrespective of the actual performance ("Income 
Redemption Feature");

--- Page 96 ---
Information on the Securities 
 
 
92 
 
• 
provide for fixed payout amounts in the case a Lock-in Event (as defined in Payout Condition 
2.13 (Business Day Convention)) has occurred, irrespective of the actual performance ("Lock-
in Redemption Feature"); 
• 
provide for fixed payout amounts if the Final Reference Price is greater than, or greater than 
or equal to, the Threshold Level and for participation in the development of the Underlying if 
the Final Reference Price is lower than, or lower than or equal to, the Threshold Level, but 
greater than, or greater than or equal to, the Initial Reference Price ("Shark Fin Redemption 
Feature");  
• 
provide for the partial redemption on specified dates during the lifetime of the Security, at a 
specified Amortisation Rate ("Amortising Feature"); 
• 
provide for the participation in the relative performance with respect to the respective start and 
end of a number of specified periods of the Underlying ("Restrike Feature"); 
• 
provide for the participation in the performance of the Underlying on the basis of a specified 
standard, capped/floored or weighted spread ("Spread Feature"); 
• 
provide for the unlimited participation in falls of the Underlying if the Reference Price of the 
Underlying falls below, or is equal to, the relevant value or threshold provided for in the 
applicable Redemption Feature, in which case the Redemption Amount may become even zero 
("No Principal Protection Securities Downside Feature"); 
• 
provide for partial capital protection at maturity at the Protected Amount specified in the Issue 
Terms if the Reference Price of the Underlying falls below, or is equal to, the relevant value 
or threshold provided for in the applicable Redemption Feature ("Partially Principal 
Protected Securities Downside Feature"); 
• 
provide for capital protection at maturity if the Reference Price of the Underlying falls below, 
or is equal to, the relevant value or threshold provided for in the applicable Redemption 
Feature ("Fully Principal Protected Securities Downside Feature"); 
• 
provide for the unlimited participation in falls of the Underlying if (i) the Reference Price of 
the Underlying falls below, or is equal to, the relevant value or threshold provided for in the 
applicable Redemption Feature and (ii) a Barrier Event, as specified in the Issue Terms, has 
occurred; in which case the Redemption Amount may become even zero ("Barrier Securities 
Downside Feature"); if a Barrier Event does not occur, the Redemption Amount corresponds 
to the Notional Amount (multiplied by a Return Factor, if applicable); 
• 
provide for the unlimited participation in falls of the Underlying if (i) the Reference Price of 
the Underlying falls below, or is equal to, the relevant value or threshold provided for in the 
applicable Redemption Feature and (ii) the Final Reference Price is lower than, or equal to, 
the Buffer Threshold Value, in which case the Redemption Amount may become even zero 
("Buffer Securities Downside Feature"); if the Buffer Threshold Value is not breached, the 
Redemption Amount corresponds to the Notional Amount (multiplied by a Return Factor, if 
applicable); 
• 
provide for a specific participation rate in the case of a certain gain or decrease of the 
Underlying, in which case the Redemption Amount is calculated by multiplying the gain or 
decrease of the Reference Price of the Underlying with the applicable rate; and/or 
• 
provide for a Cap, in which case the Redemption Amount will not exceed the Cap. 
If the Redemption Amount calculated is not positive, the security expires worthless and the 
Securityholder suffers a total loss.

--- Page 97 ---
Information on the Securities 
 
 
93 
 
(d) 
Coupon Features 
Structured Securities may provide for: 
• 
No Coupon Payments; 
• 
Structured Coupon Payments, the receipt of which depends on the performance of the 
Reference Rate(s) or other Underlying(s), and which may be subject to a floor, cap or leverage 
or be calculated based on a specified spread, the frequency within a certain period for which 
the Reference Rate or Underlying is within a specified range or the development of an index 
tracking inflation; 
• 
Conditional Coupon Payments, the receipt of which depends on the performance of the 
Reference Rate(s) or other Underlying(s) based on whether this performance fulfils the 
condition specified, and which may provide for the possibility to receive missed coupons on 
later coupon payment dates under certain circumstances (Memory) and/or which may provide 
for coupons to be paid regardless of the performance of the Reference Rate or Underlying 
following the occurrence of a Lock-in Event (Lock-in);  
• 
Fixed Coupon Payments regardless of the performance of any Underlying(s) for such 
Securities; 
• 
Floating Coupon Payments linked to any Reference Rate(s); see Section 3.4 for more 
information on the different types of floating interest which may be specified; 
• 
Blended Coupon Payments, the receipt of which may or may not depend on the performance 
of the Reference Rate(s) or other Underlying(s), depending on the component Potential 
Coupons specified; or 
• 
Zero Coupons Securities; in which case, the Securityholder will receive no payments related 
to coupons under the Securities. However, the Securities will be issued at a discount. The 
difference between the Notional Amount paid on the Redemption Date and the Discounted 
Notional Amount represents the yield on the Securities, 
as specified in the Issue Terms. 
(e) 
Issuer Call and Automatic Early Redemption Features 
Structured Securities may include a regular or one time call right of the Issuer in which case the 
Structured Securities will be redeemed early at the amounts and dates specified in the Issue Terms.  
Structured Securities may be subject to an Automatic Early Redemption Feature. In this case, the 
Structured Securities will be automatically redeemed early in whole prior to maturity if the 
Observation Value of the Underlying is greater than, lower than, or equal to, its Automatic Early 
Redemption Level on any Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date or the Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Period. If the Structured Securities are redeemed early, the Exit Rate will be 
paid on the applicable Early Redemption Date and the Structured Securities will cease to be 
outstanding. 
(f) 
Right of the Issuer to replace an Interest Benchmark and/or to make adjustments to the Conditions  
The Conditions of the Structured Securities that specify an Interest Benchmark govern the rights of 
the Issuer to make adjustments to the Interest Benchmark and the Conditions of the Structured 
Securities in the event of certain adjustments and extraordinary events, for example if the Interest 
Benchmark ceases to exist or is no longer representative for the underlying market it intends to 
measure.

--- Page 98 ---
Information on the Securities 
 
 
94 
 
(g) 
Call, Securityholders Optional Early Redemption, Automatic Early Redemption and Knock-in 
Features 
Structured Securities may include a regular or one time put right of the Securityholder in which case 
the Structured Securities will be redeemed early at the amounts and dates specified in the Issue Terms.  
If the Issue Terms specify Automatic Early Redemption as "applicable", the Structured Securities will 
be automatically redeemed early in whole prior to maturity if the Cumulative Coupon is greater than, 
lower than, or equal to, the Coupon Target Level on any Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date 
or the Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Period. If the Structured Securities are redeemed early, 
the Exit Rate will be paid on the applicable Early Redemption Date and the Structured Securities will 
cease to be outstanding.  
If the Issue Terms specify Knock-in Event as "applicable" and a Knock-in Event has occurred on a 
Knock-in Valuation Date, the Security will be redeemed early and the Securityholder will receive an 
amount calculated multiplying the Notional Amount with the sum of 1 and the Knock-in Ratio. 
2.6 
Specific description of the Credit Linked Notes 
Credit Linked Notes are Securities for which the amount payable depends upon whether certain Credit 
Events in respect of one or more Reference Entities have not occurred. 
(a) 
Rights and obligations in connection with the Credit Linked Notes  
Rights and obligations in connection with the Credit Linked Notes are determined in accordance with 
their Payout Conditions, in conjunction with General Conditions. These include provisions, among 
others, relating to the right to payment of a Redemption Amount (General Condition 4.1 (Final 
Redemption) in conjunction with the Payout Conditions).  
The Payout Conditions also govern the rights of the Issuer to make adjustments to the Conditions and 
to the Reference Entity or Entities of the Credit Linked Notes in the event of certain succession or 
other extraordinary events, for example if the Reference Entity is subject to a merger or a split. 
(b) 
Redemption if no Credit Event occurs 
Credit Linked Notes grant the holder the right to payment of the Redemption Amount on the 
Redemption Date which equals 100% of the Notional Amount or such other amount specified in the 
Issue Terms. 
(c) 
Interest Options 
Credit Linked Notes generally provide for fixed interest. Hybrid Securities may provide for floating 
interest and other structured interest payments or a combination of fixed and floating interest, 
depending on the elections specified in the relevant Issue Terms. See Section 3.4 for more information 
on the different types of floating interest which may be specified. 
In addition, Credit Linked Notes may be issued as:  
• 
Bonus Coupon Notes, with respect to which additional interest is payable as specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms; 
• 
Credit Linked Interest Only Credit Linked Notes, which, unless previously redeemed or 
purchased and cancelled in full, can only be redeemed at their original Notional Amount 
specified in the Issue Terms on the relevant CLN Redemption Date; or  
• 
Credit Linked Principal Only Credit Linked Notes, with respect to which no interest will 
accrue.

--- Page 99 ---
Information on the Securities 
 
 
95 
 
(d) 
Redemption Options for Hybrid Securities 
As Hybrid Securities may include Features of Structured Securities, the related Redemption Amount 
may in the absence of a Credit Event be calculated by reference to a specific participation in the 
performance of the Underlying as provided for by the applicable Redemption Feature and the 
specifically referenced Downside Feature, as set out in 2.5(c) above. 
(e) 
Credit linkage to certain Reference Entities 
The Credit Linked Notes refer to one or more Reference Entities.  
There are several variations for the Credit Linked Notes. There are basically six different basic forms 
of Credit Linked Notes that can be distinguished: 
• 
Credit Linked Notes which refer to a single corporate as the Reference Entity; 
• 
Credit Linked Notes which refer to a single sovereign as the Reference Entity; 
• 
Credit Linked Notes which refer to a single financial institution as the Reference Entity; 
• 
Credit Linked Notes which refer to multiple corporates as the Reference Entities; 
• 
Credit Linked Notes which refer to multiple sovereigns as the Reference Entities; and 
• 
Credit Linked Notes which refer to multiple financial institutions as the Reference Entities. 
Credit Linked Notes which refer to multiple Reference Entities can be issued as: 
• 
Basket Credit Linked Notes; 
• 
Nth-to-Default Credit Linked Notes; or 
• 
Tranched Credit Linked Notes. 
These Credit Linked Notes may also be issued with a combination of corporate, sovereign or financial 
institutions as Reference Entities.  
Moreover, Reference Entities may fall in a specific category with respect to specific conditions in the 
Payout Conditions, for example monoline insurers.  
If principal and interest have different credit linkage, Credit Linked Notes will be issued as 
Combination Credit Linked Notes, which may comprise distinct Credit Components in the form of 
Principal Components, Interest Components and Principal and Interest Components. 
(f) 
Loss upon occurrence of a Credit Event 
The Credit Linked Notes will be redeemed at the Redemption Amount and bear interest. However, 
this is only the case if no Credit Event has occurred with regard to the respective Reference Entity.  
If a Credit Event occurs, the Redemption Amount will not be redeemed. Instead, the Securityholder 
will receive one of the following with respect to the affected Reference Entity: 
(i)  
a cash amount determined by way of the Auction Settlement or Cash Settlement;  
(ii)  
a fixed cash amount based on a fixed Final Price; or 
(iii)  in case of Zero Recovery Credit Linked Notes, no cash settlement amount at all. 
as applicable pursuant to the Issue Terms (each a "Credit Event Settlement Method").

--- Page 100 ---
Information on the Securities 
 
 
96 
 
By purchasing the Credit Linked Notes, the Securityholders assume additional risks in addition to the 
risks related to the ability of the Issuer to make payments. These risks result from the fact that a Credit 
Event can occur with regard to the Reference Entity(ies).  
If that situation occurs, the Securityholder will receive an amount which is normally substantially 
lower than the scheduled Redemption Amount. Interest payments on Coupon Payment Dates which 
fall after the occurrence of a Credit Event can also be lost in whole or in part. Under certain 
circumstances, the Securityholder may not receive any payments under the Credit Linked Notes at all.  
(g) 
Reference Entities, Event Determination Dates and weightings in case of Basket Credit Linked Notes, 
Tranched Credit Linked Notes and Nth-to-Default Credit Linked Notes 
A single Reference Entity or multiple Reference Entities will be specified in the Issue Terms. 
In the case of Basket Credit Linked Notes or Tranched Credit Linked Notes, the weightings given to 
the individual Reference Entities are – unless otherwise provided in the Issue Terms – equal. In 
addition, in respect of Tranched Credit Linked Notes, the Issue Terms will specify the Attachment 
Point and Exhaustion Point relating to the losses resulting from the portfolio of Reference Entities in 
respect of the Credit Linked Notes. Losses from Credit Events become relevant under the Tranched 
Credit Linked Notes if the Loss Threshold Amount determined by the Attachment Point has been 
reached up to the Exhaustion Point, which will result in the full notional amount of the Tranched Credit 
Linked Notes being subject to a Credit Event based settlement of the Notes in accordance with the 
applicable Credit Event Settlement Method even though only some of the Reference Entities of the 
referenced portfolio are affected by Credit Events.  
In the case of Basket Credit Linked Notes, where the Issue Terms specify a "Distribution End Date", 
and that: 
• 
"Distribution Period Redemption" applies, the Issuer will redeem each outstanding Credit 
Linked Note in part on the fifth Business Day following the Distribution End Date in an 
Outstanding Notional Amount corresponding to such Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of 
the relevant Reference Entity Notional Amount, by making a payment in respect of each Credit 
Linked Note equal to its pro rata share of the related Reference Entity Notional Amount;  
• 
"Redemption at Maturity" applies, with effect from such Distribution Period Event 
Determination Date, such Reference Entity shall no longer be treated as a Reference Entity 
and no further Event Determination Date may occur with respect to that Reference Entity; and 
no adjustment shall be made to the Reference Entity Notional Amount in respect of any other 
Reference Entity; and  
• 
"Distribution Period Event Determination Date Disapplication" applies, any Distribution 
Period Event Determination Date which occurs with respect to a Reference Entity shall not be 
treated as an Event Determination Date and only Event Determination Dates which occur on 
or after the Distribution End Date shall be treated as such.  
In the case of Nth-to-Default Credit Linked Notes, such Credit Linked Notes are linked to multiple 
Reference Entities and the Issue Terms will specify the number of Reference Entities (i.e. "Nth" 
Reference Entities) with respect to which an Event Determination Date must occur in order to 
determine which Reference Entity is the "Nth-to-Default Reference Entity" (for the avoidance of 
doubt, an Event Determination Date may only occur once with respect to each Reference Entity). Once 
an Event Determination Date with respect to the number "Nth" Reference Entity has occurred on or 
prior to the Scheduled Redemption Date (subject to extension), such Credit Linked Notes will (i) cease 
to bear interest and (ii) instead of being redeemed at the Scheduled Redemption Amount on the 
Scheduled Redemption Date, be redeemed in line with the applicable Credit Event Settlement Method.  
In addition, where the Issue Terms include a for "M", the relevant redemption and interest payment 
provisions shall apply in respect of every subsequent Event Determination Date until the number of

--- Page 101 ---
Information on the Securities 
 
 
97 
 
Reference Entities for which an Event Determination Date has occurred is equal to "M". If no value is 
specified for "M" in the Issue Terms, with effect from such date, no Event Determination Date shall 
occur in respect of any other relevant Reference Entity.  
A Transaction Type will be attributed in the Issue Terms to each Reference Entity based on its type 
(corporate, sovereign or financial institution) or its region of origin. For example: "European 
corporate", "North American corporate", "Western European sovereign", "Emerging European & 
Middle Eastern sovereign", "European financial corporate" or "Australian financial corporate". 
Depending on the Transaction Type, the Issue Terms will provide that certain provisions in the Payout 
Conditions are applicable or not applicable. 
Reference Entities can be replaced under the Payout Conditions upon the occurrence of a succession 
by one or more Successors. This can also lead to an adjustment of their weighting and the Reference 
Entity Notional Amount attributable to the Reference Entity(ies). For further details about successions, 
please see section (h) (Successors) below. 
(h) 
Successors 
A succession with regard to a Reference Entity that is relevant for the Credit Linked Notes can occur. 
A replacement of the Reference Entity by a Successor takes effect upon publication of a corresponding 
notice by the Issuer. 
Single Name Credit Linked Notes 
In the case of Credit Linked Notes with a single Reference Entity, the Issuer can replace the Reference 
Entity with one or more Successors in the case of succession. The Payout Conditions contain 
provisions about the selection of the Successor(s). If the Issuer publishes a Credit Event Notice prior 
to the occurrence of succession, no Successor will be determined. 
If the Issuer determines more than one Successor for the Reference Entity, the Credit Linked Notes 
relate proportionately to each of the Successors. 
Credit Linked Notes with multiple Reference Entities 
In the case of Credit Linked Notes with multiple Reference Entities, the Issuer can replace the 
Reference Entity affected by a succession with one or more Successors. The Payout Conditions contain 
provisions about selecting the Successor(s). 
A Reference Entity can also be a Successor of another Reference Entity if the prerequisites for 
selecting this Reference Entity as a Successor are satisfied. 
In the case of replacement of a Reference Entity by only one Successor, the Reference Entity weighting 
for that Successor corresponds to the weighting of the replaced Reference Entity.  
In the case of replacement of a Reference Entity by multiple Successors, the following applies: The 
weighting for each Successor corresponds to the weighting of the Reference Entity divided by the 
number of Successors. 
If a Successor is already a Reference Entity, the following applies: The weighting of this Reference 
Entity is increased, compared to the other Reference Entities, by this additional weighting of the 
affected Reference Entity. 
No Successor is determined for a Reference Entity for which the Issuer has published a Credit Event 
Notice prior to the occurrence of succession. 
A Reference Entity for which the Issuer has published a Credit Event Notice can become the Successor 
of another Reference Entity. This possibility exists if the Issuer has still not published a Credit Event 
Notice for the replaced Reference Entity.

--- Page 102 ---
Information on the Securities 
 
 
98 
 
(i) 
Obligations and Reference Obligations 
Which Obligations of a Reference Entity play a role in determining a Credit Event is set forth in the 
Issue Terms.  
Obligations can be: 
(a) 
payment obligations of the Reference Entity under all forms of borrowed money, 
(b) 
payment obligations of the Reference Entity from loans and bonds that have been issued, 
(c) 
payment obligations of the Reference Entity exclusively under issued bonds. 
The term 'Obligation' also includes guarantees of the Reference Entity which are assumed for the above 
described categories of Obligations. 
(j) 
Credit Events 
Credit Events describe the occurrence or the threatened occurrence of various economically adverse 
circumstances from the point of view of the creditors of the respective Reference Entity. Credit Events 
are accordingly an expression of a material negative development in the credit standing of the 
Reference Entity. 
However, a Credit Event at a Reference Entity can only exist if the Issuer has learned about the 
occurrence of the Credit Event. The Issuer must have obtained this knowledge on the basis of publicly 
available information. All requirements for the occurrence of a Credit Event must be satisfied by the 
affected Reference Entity(ies).  
The Issue Terms can, depending on the Transaction Type of the Reference Entity, provide for one or 
more of the following Credit Events:  
• 
Bankruptcy, 
• 
Failure to Pay, 
• 
Restructuring,  
• 
Repudiation/Moratorium, 
• 
Obligation Default, 
• 
Obligation Acceleration, 
• 
Governmental Intervention. 
This means that the Credit Linked Notes, in addition to the credit standing of the Issuer, above all 
depend on the credit standing of the Reference Entity. The Securityholder receives the payments 
contemplated in the Payout Conditions in the intended amount if no Credit Event has occurred. Upon 
the occurrence of a Credit Event, the Securityholder incurs a partial or complete loss with regard to 
interest payments and principal. 
A Credit Event which is relevant for the Credit Linked Notes must occur on or after the Credit Event 
Backstop Date, which can be a date prior to the Issue Date or Trade Date, and on or prior to the 
Scheduled Redemption Date, or in case of an extension, the Extension Date set out in the Issue Terms 
("Relevant Credit Event Period").  
If a Credit Event has occurred, the Issuer must give notice thereof in the so-called Credit Event Notice 
within the Relevant Credit Event Period.

--- Page 103 ---
Information on the Securities 
 
 
99 
 
The following is an overview of the different types of Credit Events that can occur:  
Bankruptcy Credit Event 
The Bankruptcy Credit Event can occur with respect to corporates or financial institutions as Reference 
Entities. The Credit Event exists, for example, if insolvency proceedings or comparable proceedings 
have been initiated with regard to the Reference Entity. The Bankruptcy Credit Event can also occur 
in the case of liquidation or inability of the Reference Entity to meet its ongoing payment obligations 
or over-indebtedness. 
Failure to Pay Credit Event 
The Failure to Pay Credit Event can occur for all types of Reference Entities.  
A Failure to Pay Credit Event occurs, for example, if the Reference Entity has not paid an Obligation 
or has not done so on time. However, certain threshold values must be taken into account for this 
purpose. The Failure to Pay must accordingly exist with regard to a specific amount (US Dollars 1 
million). The Failure to Pay smaller amounts does not lead to the occurrence of the Failure to Pay 
Credit Event.  
A Failure to Pay Credit Event can also occur due to a redenomination of a currency as a consequence 
of actions taken by a public authority. This applies in the following situation: The redenomination of 
the currency leads to a reduction in the interest payments, payments of principal or other payments for 
Obligations of the Reference Entity.  
Restructuring Credit Event 
The Restructuring Credit Event can occur for all types of Reference Entities. 
The Restructuring Credit Event occurs, for example, in the following situations: 
• 
The interest rate or the amount of principal of one or more Obligations of the Reference Entity 
are reduced or their due date is extended.  
• 
The payments for one or more Obligations of the Reference Entity are deferred. 
• 
The ranking of one or more Obligations of the Reference Entity are adversely changed, or 
there is a redenomination of a currency.  
A prerequisite for one of the above-described Restructurings is that the credit standing or the financial 
situation of the relevant Reference Entity deteriorates. 
The Restructuring must be made in a form which is binding for all creditors of the respective 
Obligation. In all situations, the threshold values described in the Payout Conditions with regard to the 
relevant Obligation must be taken into account. 
A redenomination from Euro to another currency does not constitute a Restructuring under the 
following conditions:  
• 
At the time of the currency redenomination, there is a freely available standard market 
conversion rate between the Euro and the other currency, and 
• 
Payments of interest, principal or other payments for Obligations of the Reference Entity are 
not reduced upon redenomination at this freely available standard market conversion rate. 
Repudiation/Moratorium Credit Event 
The Repudiation/Moratorium Credit Event can occur for sovereigns and certain corporates.

--- Page 104 ---
Information on the Securities 
 
 
100 
 
The Repudiation/Moratorium Credit Event occurs, for example, in the following situations: 
• 
A Reference Entity or a public authority completely or partially disputes the existence of an 
Obligation. A Reference Entity or a public authority does not acknowledge an Obligation or 
rejects the Obligation or disputes its validity.  
• 
A Reference Entity or a public authority declares or legally takes one of the following 
measures with regard to an Obligation: a moratorium, a standstill of payments, an extension 
of payments or a deferral of payments.  
A prerequisite for the occurrence of this Credit Event is also that an Obligation is not paid at all or not 
paid within the stated time frame. This also applies if a restructuring of the Obligation takes place. 
In all situations, the threshold values described in the Payout Conditions with regard to the relevant 
Obligation must be taken into account. 
Obligation Default Credit Event 
The Obligation Default Credit Event can occur for all types of Reference Entities. 
This Credit Event can occur, for example, if one or more Obligations of a Reference Entity could be 
terminated or accelerated because of a non-performance of the Obligation or another breach of 
contract. 
Obligation Acceleration Credit Event 
The Obligation Acceleration Credit Event can occur for all types of Reference Entities.  
A Obligation Acceleration Credit Event occurs, for example, if one or more Obligations of a Reference 
Entity are accelerated because there is a breach of contract by the Reference Entity, or grounds for 
termination contained in the Payout Conditions or a similar event occurs. 
In all cases, the threshold values described in the Payout Conditions with regard to the affected 
Obligation must be taken into account. 
Governmental Intervention Credit Event 
The Governmental Intervention Credit Event can occur in the case of Financial Reference Entities.  
There is a Governmental Intervention, for example, if the interest rate or the amount of principal is 
reduced for an unsubordinated Obligation of the Reference Entity. Governmental Intervention also 
exists if the due date is extended, payments are deferred or the ranking of the unsubordinated 
Obligation is adversely changed. 
The Governmental Intervention occurs by means of a measure or announcement by a Governmental 
Authority which is binding for the Reference Entity. This can also occur on the basis of a provision in 
the law which involves the recovery or resolution of the Reference Entity (or a comparable legal 
provision). 
Governmental Intervention also exists, for example, if claims of creditors under an unsubordinated 
Obligation are expropriated, transferred or terminated or are subject to a mandatory exchange.  
It is irrelevant in this regard whether the contracts about the relevant Obligations expressly provide for 
such Governmental Intervention. Therefore, the Securityholder should pay attention to the following 
with regard to the application of this Credit Event in the case of a Reference Entity:  
The applicable law governing recoveries and resolutions for a financial institution can authorise 
substantial impact on, and intervention in, the Obligations of a financial institution. Measures up to

--- Page 105 ---
Information on the Securities 
 
 
101 
 
and including a reduction of the debt are conceivable. These measures can already be taken in advance 
of insolvency. Such measures can especially be carried out if the financial institution threatens to fail 
or if there is reason to fear the cancellation of the banking license.  
In the case of Credit Linked Notes which refer to financial institutions, the following must especially 
be considered: They depend to a high degree on the content and scope of the applicable national 
legislation on recoveries and resolutions. 
(k) 
Suspension or deferral of payments 
The Issuer can suspend or defer payments on the Credit Linked Notes. The relevant requirements for 
a suspension or deferral set out in the Payout Conditions must be satisfied for this purpose.  
The suspension or deferral of payments has the following background: In certain situations, the Issuer 
needs time in order to determine whether a Credit Event has occurred. The Issuer can especially wait 
to see what resolution the relevant ISDA Credit Derivatives Determination Committee adopts (see (l) 
(Influence of ISDA Resolutions). The ISDA Credit Derivatives Determination Committee examines 
the issue of whether a circumstance exists with regard to the Reference Entity which can constitute a 
Credit Event.  
In the case of the applicability of the Credit Event Repudiation/Moratorium, a deferral within the time 
periods set forth in the Payout Conditions is permissible. This applies under two prerequisites: (a) the 
occurrence of this Credit Event threatens due to a corresponding announcement; and (b) the 
determinative, outstanding payment Obligation of the relevant Reference Entity, however, is not yet 
due and could still be fulfilled. 
In the case of a potential Failure to Pay, the Issue Terms can provide that a grace period will be fully 
taken into account: A payment deferral occurs if a Credit Event threatens due to a corresponding 
payment which has not been made. The determinative, outstanding payment obligation of the 
Reference Entity is due, but could not yet be fulfilled. 
The payment suspension or deferral can be for a significant period of time.  
(l) 
Information on ISDA Terms and ISDA auction proceedings 
The Payout Conditions are based on market standard terms for certain financial instruments. These are 
financial instruments which depend on the occurrence of a credit event with respect to one or more 
Reference Entities (Credit Derivatives). These standard terms are referred to as the 'ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions'. They were published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, 
Inc. (ISDA) in 2014 (the "ISDA Terms"). 
ISDA is a private trading organisation. It represents its members in the derivatives market. Members 
are large institutions as well as privately held and state-owned companies worldwide which trade 
derivative financial products referencing specific underlyings. ISDA has developed the ISDA Terms 
in concurrence with the members and other participants in the market. The ISDA Terms are governed 
by English law or the law of the State of New York. The ISDA Terms are not freely available on the 
ISDA website. They can only be obtained in the English language for a fee.  
The uniform application of the ISDA Terms is supported by announcements and protocols agreed 
between ISDA and the market participants. The ISDA Terms are also applied in resolutions by the 
ISDA Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee. The members of this body are traders and 
purchasers of Credit Derivatives. The ISDA Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee serves the 
purpose of making decisions in connection with the ISDA Terms uniformly for the worldwide credit 
derivatives market.  
Upon the occurrence of a Credit Event with regard to a Reference Entity, ISDA can proceed as follows 
when applying the ISDA Terms: ISDA conducts an auction which relates to the relevant Reference

--- Page 106 ---
Information on the Securities 
 
 
102 
 
Entity and its Obligations. The ISDA Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee selects 
Obligations of the Reference Entity for this purpose. In the course of the auction, market participants 
submit offer and selling prices with regard to these selected Obligations of the Reference Entity. 
Selected Obligations can be e.g. certain bonds of the Reference Entity. The parameters of the auction 
proceedings are determined by the ISDA Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee (so-called 
Auction Settlement Terms). The Auction Final Price determined in the ISDA auction in accordance 
with the ISDA Terms is the basis for the settlement of Credit Derivatives which are subject to the 
ISDA Terms. 
For more detailed information about the ISDA auction proceedings, see "Terms and Conditions of the 
Securities – Payout Conditions for Credit Linked Notes – Annex A to the Payout Conditions for Credit 
Linked Notes – Auction Settlement". 
(m) 
Influence of ISDA resolutions 
As the Payout Conditions are based on standards set out in the ISDA Terms, the question whether a 
Credit Event under the Credit Linked Notes occurs, a Successor exists, or the cash settlement amount, 
as well as interpretation of certain provisions in the Payout Conditions may be determined by reference 
to Resolutions of the ISDA Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee, which have an effect on 
the Credit Linked Notes in particular when the following prerequisites are satisfied: 
• 
The ISDA resolutions are issued within the periods of time set forth in more detail in the 
Payout Conditions.  
• 
The Issuer or Calculation Agent takes into account the ISDA resolutions when exercising its 
rights in accordance with the Payout Conditions. 
Examples: 
• 
ISDA publishes a notice of the occurrence of a Credit Event with regard to a Reference Entity 
and the point in time when this occurred. 
• 
Conduct of an ISDA auction with regard to a Reference Entity and determination of an Auction 
Final Price. 
Resolutions of the ISDA Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee are published on the website 
https://www.cdsdeterminationscommittees.org/ or a successor page which replaces it.  
2.8 
Determination of the cash settlement 
(a) 
Use of the Auction Final Price  
As part of the Auction Settlement, the cash settlement will be determined by reference to Auction Final 
Price determined in the ISDA auction proceedings. Exception: ISDA does not announce any ISDA 
auction proceedings within the periods of time set forth in the ISDA Terms or ISDA does not conduct 
any auction within these periods. The Auction Final Price can be well below 100% of the notional 
amount of the outstanding deliverable obligations of the Reference Entity. The Auction Final Price 
can even be zero (0) in an extreme situation.  
ISDA can carry out multiple ISDA auctions with regard to a Reference Entity which is not a sovereign. 
Such a situation may occur if ISDA publishes the occurrence of a Restructuring Credit Event. The 
ISDA auction process then relates to different maturity categories for the Obligations of the Reference 
Entity. If ISDA publishes multiple Auction Final Prices in the case of a Restructuring Credit Event, 
the lowest price may be the Final Price for purposes of the Credit Linked Notes. If only one ISDA 
auction takes place, the Auction Final Price generated in this auction is the relevant Auction Final 
Price. This applies without regard to the maturity category to which the auction relates. 
(b) 
Use of discretionary valuations

--- Page 107 ---
Information on the Securities 
 
 
103 
 
If the prerequisites for applying an Auction Final Price are not satisfied or if Cash Settlement applies 
directly the Final Price will based on quotations from certain dealers in obligations or bonds of the 
Reference Entity. The quotations for these obligations or bonds can be well below 100% of their 
notional value and can even be zero (0) in an extreme situation. 
3. 
General description of the Underlying 
3.1 
Type of Underlyings 
Structured Securities may be linked respectively to shares, indices, funds (including fund indices), exchange 
traded funds, foreign exchange rates, commodities or commodity indices, inflation indices, futures contracts, 
an interest benchmark or to baskets consisting of one or more of these instruments (the "Underlying"). In 
addition, interest payments under Structured Securities may be determined by reference to an interest 
benchmark or an interest benchmark and a certain calculation method as a reference rate (the "Reference 
Rate"). 
Where the Underlying is a basket, references to the Underlying throughout the Base Prospectus are also 
deemed to refer analogously to the individual basket constituents (the "Basket Constituents"). 
The relevant Issue Terms will specify the respective Underlying or the respective Basket Constituents and/or 
the Reference Rate and contain information about the respective Underlying or the respective Basket 
Constituents and/or the Reference Rate or indicate where information about the respective Underlying or the 
respective Basket Constituents and/or the Reference Rate, and in particular about its or their past and future 
performance and its or their volatility, can be obtained. 
3.2 
Market disruption  
The valuation or trading of the Underlying may be subject to market disruption. A market disruption may result 
in a postponement of the valuation of the Underlying. Where appropriate, alternative rules for the valuation of 
the Underlying apply. Any consequences of market disruptions, e.g. the postponement of a Redemption 
Valuation Date, are specified in Underlying Specific Conditions of the Conditions. 
3.3 
Adjustments relating to the Underlying 
Upon determining that a certain adjustment or extraordinary event, as further set out in the Underlying Specific 
Conditions has occurred, the Calculation Agent has broad discretion to make certain determinations to account 
for such an event, including  
(a) 
adjustments to amounts payable or other benefit to be received under such Securities,  
(b) 
a substitution of the Underlying, and  
(c) 
determining whether the requirements for an early redemption of the relevant Securities are met and 
the Early Redemption Amount, which will equal to the fair market value of the Securities. The terms 
and conditions as well as consequences of adjustments, e.g. the substitution of an Underlying, are 
specified in Underlying Specific Conditions. 
3.4 
Determination of Interest Benchmarks as Reference Rates or Underlyings, Adjustments and 
Replacements 
Interest Benchmarks as Reference Rates or Underlyings may be determined through Screen Rate 
Determination or ISDA Determination. 
(a) 
Screen Rate Determination 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the Issue Terms as the applicable method for determining the 
Reference Price or Floating Coupon for the Notes or the Level of an Interest Benchmark as Underlying, the

--- Page 108 ---
Information on the Securities 
 
 
104 
 
Interest Benchmark will be determined by reference to both the applicable Benchmark and the Calculation 
Method specified in the Issue Terms. 
The Benchmarks that may be specified are: 
• 
the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA"); 
• 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR"); 
• 
the daily euro short-term rate ("€STR"); 
• 
a rate determined on the basis of constant maturity swaps ("CMS Rate"); 
• 
the Swiss Average Rate Overnight ("SARON"); or 
• 
any other Benchmark specified in the Issue Terms that will be determined by the Calculation Agent 
by reference to the specified Screen Page. 
By reference to one of the Benchmarks, the Calculation Agent will determine the relevant Rate of Interest for 
an Interest Period on the basis of the Calculation Method specified in the Issue Terms: 
• 
the daily compounded Benchmark ("Compounded Daily Rate") where: 
• 
either the values of the respective Benchmark to be taken into account for the determination 
of the Benchmark of a relevant Interest Period do not correspond to the value of the Benchmark 
for the respective day of the respective Interest Period, but to the values of the banking day 
preceding that day by a specified number of banking days ("Lag"); or 
• 
the relevant period for the observation of the values of the respective Benchmark to be taken 
into account in the determination of the Benchmark of a relevant Interest Period starts and 
ends, respectively, a certain number of days prior to the respective Interest Period ("Shift"); 
• 
the starting and ending values for the respective Interest Period (subject to a shift specified in the Issue 
Terms) of an index of the Benchmark specified in the Issue Terms ("Compounded Index Rate"); or 
• 
the formula specified in the Issue Terms for calculating the CMS Rate ("Applicable CMS Formula"). 
In the event that the interest rate cannot be determined in accordance with the provisions outlined above, but 
no Benchmark Event has occurred, the interest rate applicable to the Securities during such Interest Period will 
be either the interest rate last determined in relation to the Securities in respect of the last preceding Interest 
Period or a value determined by reference to an averaging calculation (refer to the terms and conditions of the 
Securities). In case of a non-temporary unavailability of the Benchmark the terms and conditions may also 
specify fallback benchmarks to be used in place of the Benchmark. 
(b) 
ISDA Determination 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the Issue Terms as the applicable method for determining the 
Reference Price or Floating Coupon for the Notes or the Level of an Interest Benchmark as Underlying, the 
Interest Benchmark will be determined by reference to the provisions and definitions set out in the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions or the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions (together the "2006/2021 ISDA 
Definitions") published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. ("ISDA"). 
ISDA is a private trading organisation. It represents its members in the derivatives market. Members are large 
institutions as well as privately held and state-owned companies worldwide which trade with derivative 
financial products referenced to specific underlyings. ISDA has developed the 2006/2021 ISDA Definitions in 
concurrence with the members and other participants in the market. The 2006/2021 ISDA Definitions are 
subject to English law or the law of the State of New York. The 2006/2021 ISDA Definitions are not published 
for everyone on the website of ISDA. They can only be obtained in the English language for a charge.

--- Page 109 ---
Information on the Securities 
 
 
105 
 
(c) 
Adjustments and Replacements 
If a Benchmark Event, Benchmark Transition Event or other event affecting a Benchmark occurs (as applicable 
pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Securities in respect of the specific Benchmark), the Issuer may 
exercise its right to replace the original Benchmark with a successor rate and/or make amendments to the terms 
and conditions of the Securities to take into account the consequences of such an event (including the 
determination of an adjustment spread). 
4. 
Benchmarks Regulation 
An index Underlying, an Interest Benchmark or an exchange rate used in the terms and conditions of the 
Securities for currency conversions may constitute a benchmark for the purposes of EU Benchmarks 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (as amended, the "Benchmarks Regulation"). If any such index Underlying, an 
Interest Benchmark or an exchange rate does constitute such a benchmark the relevant Issue Terms will 
indicate whether or not the benchmark is provided by an administrator included in the register of administrators 
and benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") 
pursuant to article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation. Not every index Underlying, Interest Benchmark or 
exchange rate may fall within the scope of the Benchmarks Regulation. The registration status of any 
administrator under the Benchmarks Regulation is a matter of public record and, save where required by 
applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update the relevant Issue Terms in order to reflect any change in 
the registration status of the administrator. 
4.1 
Important notices 
None of the Issuer, the Dealer(s) or any of their respective affiliates makes any representation as to any Share 
Issuer, Licensor/Index Sponsor, Management Company or any entity issuing equity or debt securities that are 
comprised in an Index, Fund, Fund Index, ETF or Commodity Index. Any such persons may have acquired, 
or during the term of the relevant Securities may acquire, non-public information with respect to a Share Issuer, 
a Licensor/Index Sponsor, a Management Company or an entity issuing equity or debt securities that are 
comprised in an Index, Fund, Fund Index, ETF or Commodity Index, or any of their respective affiliates, that 
is or may be material in the context of Securities linked to the related Underlying.  
The issuance of Securities linked to an Underlying will not create any obligation on the part of any such persons 
to disclose to the holders of such Securities or any other party such information (whether or not confidential). 
In addition, one or more affiliates of the Issuer may publish research reports or otherwise express views about 
the Underlying(s) (including, in the case of Securities linked to one or more Shares, about the relevant Share 
Issuer(s)). Securityholders should undertake an independent investigation of the Underlying(s) as is in their 
judgment appropriate in order to make an informed decision with respect to an investment in such Securities. 
The Issuer cannot assure Securityholders that any available public information regarding the Underlying(s) 
(including, in the case of Securities linked to one or more Shares, any information regarding the relevant Share 
Issuer(s), whether or not published by an affiliate of the Issuer, is accurate or complete. 
5. 
Agreement with respect to the exercise of Canadian Bail-in powers in relation to 
Bail-inable Securities 
By acquiring an interest in Bail-inable Securities, each Securityholder (including each beneficial owner) is 
deemed to:  
(a) 
agree to be bound, in respect of the Bail-inable Securities, by the CDIC Act, including the conversion 
of the Bail-inable Securities, in whole or in part – by means of a transaction or series of transactions 
and in one or more steps – into common shares of the Bank or any of its affiliates under subsection 
39.2(2.3) of the CDIC Act and the variation or extinguishment of the Bail-inable Securities in 
consequence, and by the application of the laws of the Province of Ontario and the federal laws of 
Canada applicable therein in respect of the operation of the CDIC Act with respect to such Bail-inable 
Securities (a "Bail-in Conversion");

--- Page 110 ---
Information on the Securities 
 
 
106 
 
(b) 
attorn to the jurisdiction of the courts in the Province of Ontario in Canada with respect to the CDIC 
Act and the laws of the Province of Ontario and the federal laws of Canada applicable therein in respect 
of the operation of the CDIC Act with respect to the Bail-inable Securities;  
(c) 
have represented and warranted to the Bank that the Bank has not directly or indirectly provided 
financing to the Securityholder of the Bail-inable Securities for the express purpose of investing in the 
Bail-inable Securities; and  
(d) 
acknowledge and agree that the terms referred to in paragraphs (i) and (ii), above, are binding on such 
Securityholder despite any provisions in the Conditions, any other law that governs such Bail-inable 
Securities and any other agreement, arrangement or understanding between such Securityholder and 
the Bank with respect to such Bail-inable Securities.  
The applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Securities) applicable Pricing Supplement will indicate 
whether Securities are Bail-inable Securities. All Bail-inable Securities are subject to Bail-in Conversion. Each 
Securityholder or beneficial owner of the Bail-inable Securities that acquires an interest in the Bail-inable 
Securities in the secondary market and any successors, assigns, heirs, executors, administrators, trustees in 
bankruptcy and legal representatives of any such Securityholder or beneficial owner shall be deemed to 
acknowledge, accept, agree to be bound by and consent to the same provisions specified herein to the same 
extent as the Securityholders or beneficial owners that acquire an interest in the Bail-inable Securities upon 
their initial issuance, including, without limitation, with respect to the acknowledgement and agreement to be 
bound by and consent to the terms of the Bail-inable Securities related to the Bail-in Regime. 
Bail-inable Securities are not subject to set-off or netting rights. 
6. 
Governing Law 
The Securities will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws applicable in the Province of 
Ontario and the federal laws of Canada applicable therein or, if so specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
English law or French law, as so specified, except with respect to the exercise of Canadian bail-in powers in 
relation to Bail-inable Securities which will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the 
Province of Ontario and the federal laws of Canada applicable therein. 
All contractual documentation related to the Securities other than the Conditions will be governed by and 
construed in accordance with the laws of the Province of Ontario and the federal laws of Canada applicable 
therein, with the exception of the Deed of Covenant applicable to Securities governed by English law, which 
will be governed by English law and the agency agreement in relation to the Securities governed by French 
law ("French Agency Agreement"), which will be governed by French law. 
Ontario courts have non-exclusive jurisdiction in the event of litigation in respect of the contractual 
documentation and the Securities governed by the laws of the Province of Ontario and the federal laws of 
Canada applicable therein.  
The English courts have non-exclusive jurisdiction in the event of litigation in respect of Securities and related 
Deed of Covenant governed by English law. 
The Cour d'Appel of Paris has non-exclusive jurisdiction in the event of litigation in respect of Securities 
governed by French law.  
7. 
Rating 
A tranche of Securities issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. Ratings of rated tranche may 
differ from ratings of other rated tranche of Securities. The rating of the Securities is not a recommendation to 
purchase, hold or sell the Securities, and may be subject to suspension, reduction, revision or withdrawal at 
any time by the assigning rating agencies. There is no assurance that the rating of Securities will remain for 
any given period of time or that rating agencies will not lower or withdraw their ratings. Securityholders may

--- Page 111 ---
Information on the Securities 
 
 
107 
 
suffer losses if a credit rating assigned to the Securities does not reflect the then creditworthiness of such 
Securities. 
8. 
Currencies 
Subject to compliance with all applicable laws, regulations and directives, the Securities may be issued in any 
currency, as specified in the Issue Terms of the relevant Security. 
9. 
Maturities 
All Securities will have a fixed term with any maturity, subject to all applicable laws, regulations or directives, 
as specified in the Issue Terms of the relevant Security. 
10. 
Method of Issue 
The Securities will be issued in one or more series (each, a "Series") and each Series may be issued in tranches 
on the same or different issue date(s) (each, a "Tranche"). The Securities of each Series are intended to be 
interchangeable with all other Securities of that Series. 
11. 
Issue Price 
Securities will be issued by the Issuer at the Issue Price specified in the Issue Terms. The Issue Price may be 
par, at a discount to par, or at a premium over par. The Issue Price of the Securities will likely be higher than 
its market value as at the Issue Date and higher than the price at which such Securities may be sold in any 
secondary market transactions. 
12. 
Costs, expenses, fees and inducements 
Purchasing the Securities involves costs and expenses for the subscriber or the purchaser. The Issue Price 
includes Security specific initial costs and may also include inducements. These costs, where known, will be 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
The Issuer may offer the Securities to distributing banks, securities firms and other financial intermediaries or 
institutions (i) at a discount or (ii) at the Issue Price but transfers to such intermediaries certain fees explicitly 
specified in the Issue Terms. With respect to a Security, for which the Issue Price is set out in percent, the 
amount may be calculated based on the Specified Denomination of that Security or on a per Security basis. 
Alternatively, the amount will be calculated based on the Issue Price. In addition or alternatively, the Issuer 
and/or the relevant Dealer may pay recurring fees to distribution partners. To the extent such fees are charged 
to Securityholders, the individual rates will be specified in the Issue Terms. 
The Securityholder may also be subjected to on-going costs. 
The Issue Price as well as the bid and ask prices provided by the Issuer during the term of the Securities are 
based on the internal pricing models of the Issuer. 
Other costs and expenses associated with the purchase of the Securities which are charged to the subscriber or 
the purchaser, for example, by his principal bank, stock exchange or other third party, have to be disclosed by 
the third party. 
13. 
Withholding Tax 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Securities, the Receipts and the Coupons by or on behalf 
of the Bank will be made without withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any present or future taxes, 
duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of Canada, 
any province or territory or political subdivision thereof or any authority or agency therein or thereof having 
power to tax, unless the withholding or deduction of such taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges 
is required by law, regulation or the administration thereof. In that event, the Bank will pay such additional

--- Page 112 ---
Information on the Securities 
 
 
108 
 
amounts as may be necessary in order that the net amounts received by the holders of such Securities, Receipts 
or Coupons after such withholding or deduction shall equal the respective amounts of principal and interest, if 
any, which would have been received in respect of the Securities, Receipts or Coupons, in the absence of such 
withholding or deduction, subject to certain exceptions. See "Terms and Conditions of the Securities – General 
Conditions – 6. Taxation". 
14. 
Overview of Provisions relating to the Materialised Securities in Global Form 
14.1 
Initial Issue of Securities 
Unless otherwise agreed upon between the Bank and the relevant Dealer(s) and specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms each Tranche of Bearer Securities having an original maturity of more than one year will initially 
be represented by a temporary Global Security and each Tranche of Bearer Securities having an original 
maturity of one year or less will initially be represented by a permanent Global Security, in each case, in bearer 
form without Receipts, Coupons and Talons attached.  
Global Securities representing Bearer Securities will be deposited on or prior to the issue date of the relevant 
Tranche with a Common Depositary for Clearstream, Luxembourg, and/or Euroclear (or any other Relevant 
Clearing System as set out in the Issue Terms) or be delivered outside a clearing system, as agreed between 
the Bank and the relevant Dealer(s).  
Registered Securities which are held in Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or Euroclear (or any other Relevant 
Clearing System as set out in the Issue Terms) will be represented by a Global Registered Security registered 
in the name of nominees for Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or Euroclear (or any other Relevant Clearing 
System as set out in the Issue Terms) or a common nominee for both, as the case may be. 
Upon the initial deposit of a Global Security representing Bearer Securities with the Common Depositary, or 
as the case may be, the appropriate depositary, or, in the case of Registered Securities, the initial registration 
in the name of nominees for Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or Euroclear, or a common nominee for both, or 
any other Relevant Clearing System as set out in the Issue Terms, and delivery of the applicable Global 
Registered Security to the appropriate depositaries, or a common depositary for Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and/or Euroclear (or such other Relevant Clearing System as set out in the Issue Terms (each an ("Approved 
Intermediary"), each subscriber will be credited with a notional amount of Securities equal to the notional 
amount thereof for which it has subscribed and paid. Any reference herein to Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or 
Euroclear shall be deemed to include a reference to any successor operator and/or successor clearing system 
and/or any additional or alternative clearing system as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
14.2 
Relationship of Accountholders with Clearing Systems 
Each of the persons shown in the records of Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or Euroclear or such Approved 
Intermediary as the holder of a Security represented by a Global Security must look solely to Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or Euroclear or such Approved Intermediary for such person's share of each payment made 
by the Bank to the bearer of such Global Security or the holder of the underlying Registered Securities, as the 
case may be, and in relation to all other rights arising under the Global Securities, save as specifically otherwise 
provided in the relevant Global Security and subject to and in accordance with the respective rules and 
procedures of Clearstream, Luxembourg Euroclear or such Approved Intermediary. Such persons shall have 
no claim directly against the Bank in respect of payments due on the Securities for so long as the Securities 
are represented by such Global Security and such obligations of the Bank will be discharged by payment to 
the bearer of such Global Security or the registered holder of the underlying Registered Securities, as the case 
may be, in respect of each amount so paid, save as specifically otherwise provided in the relevant Global 
Security. 
By its acquisition of an interest in a Bail-inable Security, each holder or beneficial owner of an interest in a 
Bail-inable Security is deemed to have authorised, directed and requested Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and any direct participant in such clearing system or other intermediary through which it holds 
the Bail-inable Security to take any and all necessary action, if required, to implement the Bail-in Conversion

--- Page 113 ---
Information on the Securities 
 
 
109 
 
or any other action pursuant to the Bail-in Regime with respect to the Bail-inable Security, as may be imposed 
on it, without any further action or direction on the part of that Securityholder or beneficial owner or the Fiscal 
Agent or the Registrar (if applicable), except as required in accordance with the rules and procedures for the 
time being of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or the intermediary, as applicable. 
14.3 
Amendment to Conditions 
The temporary Global Securities, the permanent Global Securities and Global Registered Securities (each a 
"Global Security") and the Agency Agreement contain provisions which apply to the Securities which they 
represent, some of which modify the effect of the Conditions set out in this document. The following is an 
overview of certain of those provisions: 
14.4 
Exchange 
If the applicable Issue Terms specifies that a temporary Global Security is issued in compliance with the D 
Rules, such temporary Global Security will be exchangeable in whole or in part for interests in a permanent 
Global Security or, if so provided in a temporary Global Security, for definitive Bearer Securities (as described 
in the next paragraph) after the date falling not earlier than 40 days after the Issue Date of the Securities upon 
certification as to non-United States beneficial ownership, in the case of Bearer Securities or, if applicable, for 
individual Registered Securities free of charge to the holder promptly after the Issue Date in the case of 
Registered Securities. If the applicable Issue Terms or, in the case of the Exempt Securities, applicable Pricing 
Supplement specifies that a temporary Global Security is issued in compliance with the C Rules or in a 
transaction to which TEFRA is not applicable, each such temporary Global Security will be exchangeable, free 
of charge to the holder on or after the Exchange Date for Securities in definitive form. Each permanent Global 
Security is exchangeable, free of charge to the holder in whole at the request of the holder, (i) if so provided 
in a permanent Global Security, (ii) if a permanent Global Security is held on behalf of Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or Euroclear or an Approved Intermediary and such clearing system is closed for business 
for a continuous period of at least 14 days (other than by reason of holidays, statutory or otherwise) or 
announces an intention permanently to cease business or in fact does so, or (iii) if an Event of Default has 
occurred and continues to occur in relation to the Securities represented thereby for definitive Bearer Securities 
or (in the case of Exchangeable Bearer Securities or Global Registered Securities) Registered Securities in 
definitive form by such holder giving notice to the Fiscal Agent, or by the Bank giving notice to the Fiscal 
Agent and the Securityholders of its intention to exchange (at the option, cost and expense of the Bank) such 
permanent Global Security for definitive Bearer Securities or (in the case of Exchangeable Bearer Securities 
or Global Registered Securities) individual Registered Securities, in each case on or after the Exchange Date 
specified in the notice. 
The exchange of a permanent Global Security for definitive Bearer Securities at the request of a holder shall 
not be expressed to be applicable in the applicable Issue Terms if the Securities are issued with a minimum 
Specified Denomination of at least EUR 1,000 (or equivalent) plus one or more higher integral multiples of 
another smaller amount in the relevant currency. Furthermore, such Specified Denominations construction is 
not permitted in relation to any issue of Securities which is to be represented by an issue by a Temporary 
Global Security exchangeable for definitive Bearer Securities. 
On or after any due date for exchange the holder of a Global Security may surrender such Global Security or, 
in the case of a partial exchange, present it for endorsement to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent. In exchange 
for any Global Security, or the part thereof to be exchanged, the Bank will (i) in the case of a temporary Global 
Security exchangeable for a permanent Global Security, deliver, or procure the delivery of, a permanent Global 
Security in an aggregate notional amount equal to that of the whole or that part of a temporary Global Security 
that is being exchanged or, in the case of a subsequent exchange, endorse, or procure the endorsement of, a 
permanent Global Security to reflect such exchange or (ii) in the case of a Global Security exchangeable for 
Definitive Securities or individual Registered Securities, deliver, or procure the delivery of, an equal aggregate 
notional amount of duly executed and authenticated Definitive Securities and/or individual Registered 
Securities, as the case may be. In this Base Prospectus, "Definitive Securities" means, in relation to any Global 
Security, the definitive Bearer Securities for which such Global Security may be exchanged (if appropriate, 
having attached to them all Coupons and Receipts in respect of interest or Instalment Amounts that have not

--- Page 114 ---
Information on the Securities 
 
 
110 
 
already been paid on the Global Security and a Talon). Definitive Securities will be security printed and 
individual Registered Securities will be printed in accordance with any applicable legal and stock exchange 
requirements in or substantially in the form set out in the relevant Schedules to the Agency Agreement. On 
exchange in full of each permanent Global Security, the Bank will, if the holder so requests, procure that it is 
cancelled and returned to the holder together with the relevant Definitive Securities or individual Registered 
Securities (as the case may be). 
Securities which are represented by a Global Security will be transferable only in accordance with the then 
current rules and procedures of Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or Euroclear or Approved Intermediary or any 
other relevant clearing system, as the case may be. 
"Exchange Date" means in relation to a temporary Global Security, the day falling not earlier than 40 days 
after its issue date and in relation to a permanent Global Security, a day falling not less than 60 days, or in the 
case of an exchange for individual Registered Securities five days or in the case of an Event of Default 30 days 
after that on which the notice requiring exchange is given and on which commercial banks are open for business 
in the city in which the specified office of the Fiscal Agent is located and, except in the case of an exchange 
pursuant to (ii) above, in the cities in which the Relevant Clearing System is located. 
14.5 
Payment 
No payment falling due more than 40 days after the Issue Date will be made on a temporary Global Security 
unless exchange for an interest in a permanent Global Security or for definitive Bearer Securities or individual 
Registered Securities is improperly withheld or refused. Payments on any temporary Global Security during 
the period up to 40 days after its Issue Date will only be made against presentation of certification as to non-
United States beneficial ownership. All payments in respect of Securities represented by a Global Security will 
be made against presentation for endorsement and, if no further payment is to be made in respect of the 
Securities, surrender of that Global Security to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent, the Registrar or such other 
Paying Agent as shall have been notified to the Securityholders for such purpose. In respect of Global 
Securities, a record of each payment so made will be endorsed in the appropriate schedule to each Global 
Security, which endorsement will be prima facie evidence that such payment has been made in respect of the 
Securities. Global Securities do not have any Coupons attached. 
All payments on Global Registered Securities will be paid to the person shown on the register maintained by 
the Registrar at the close of the business day (in Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or Euroclear) prior to the due 
date for payment thereof (the "Record Date"). 
14.6 
Notices 
So long as any Series of Materialised Securities are represented by a Global Security and such Global Security 
is held on behalf of a clearing system, notices to Securityholders of that Series may be given by delivery of the 
relevant notice to that clearing system for communication by it to entitled accountholders in substitution for 
publication as required above and such notice shall be deemed to be delivered to Securityholders on the date 
of delivery to the relevant clearing system except that so long as the Securities are listed on the Official List 
and admitted to trading on the Regulated Market or the Euro MTF Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, 
or listed on another stock exchange or admitted to listing by any other relevant authority, the requirements of 
the relevant stock exchange or authority with respect to publication of notices and notification to 
Securityholders have been complied with. 
14.7 
Purchase and Cancellation 
Cancellation of any Security surrendered for cancellation following its purchase will be effected by reduction 
in the Notional Amount of the relevant Global Security. 
14.8 
Default 
Each Global Security provides that the holder may cause such Global Security, or a portion of it, or one or 
more Registered Securities represented by such Global Security to become due and repayable in the

--- Page 115 ---
Information on the Securities 
 
 
111 
 
circumstances described in, and as limited by the restrictions set forth in, General Condition 8 (Events of 
Default) by stating in the notice to the Fiscal Agent or Registrar, as the case may be, the Notional Amount of 
such Global Security or Registered Securities which is becoming due and repayable. Following the giving of 
a notice of an Event of Default by or through a Common Depositary the persons entitled to such portion as 
accountholders with a clearing system will acquire direct enforcement rights against the Bank under the terms 
of the relevant Global Security, as the case may be. 
14.9 
Bank's Option 
No drawing of Securities will be required under General Condition 4 (Redemption, Purchase and Options) in 
the event that the Bank exercises any option relating to those Securities while all such Securities which are 
outstanding are represented by a Global Security. In the event that any option of the Bank is exercised in 
respect to some but not all of the Securities of any Series, the rights of accountholders with Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or Euroclear or such Approved Intermediary in respect of the Securities will be governed by 
the standard procedures of Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or Euroclear or such Approved Intermediary. 
14.10 Securityholders' Option  
Any Securityholders' option may be exercised by the holder of a Global Security giving notice (whether 
electronically or otherwise) to the Relevant Dealer of the notional amount of Securities in respect of which the 
option is exercised and presenting such Global Security for endorsement of exercise within the time limits 
specified in the Conditions.  
14.11 Written Resolution and Electronic Consent 
While any Security is held on behalf of a clearing system, then: 
(i) 
Electronic Consent. Where the terms of the resolution proposed by the Issuer have been notified to the 
Securityholders through the Relevant Clearing System(s), the Issuer shall be entitled to rely upon 
approval of such resolution given by way of electronic consents communicated through the electronic 
communications systems of the Relevant Clearing System(s) in accordance with their operating rules 
and procedures by or on behalf of the holders of not less than 75 per cent. in principal amount of the 
Securities outstanding ("Electronic Consent") by close of business on the date by which such 
electronic consents must be received in order for them to be validly given. 
(ii) 
Written Resolution: Where Electronic Consent is not being sought, for the purpose of determining 
whether a Written Resolution has been validly passed, the Issuer shall be entitled to rely on consent or 
instructions given in writing directly to the Issuer and/or the Fiscal Agent, as the case may be, (a) by 
accountholders in the clearing system(s) with entitlements to such Security (b) where the 
accountholders hold any such entitlement on behalf of another person, on written consent from or 
written instruction by the person identified by that accountholder as the person for whom such 
entitlement is held. 
"Clearstream Luxembourg" refers to Clearstream Banking S.A., Luxembourg. 
"Euroclear" refers to Euroclear Bank SA/NV.

--- Page 116 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
 
 
112 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
 
The terms and conditions of any particular issuance of Securities will be composed of: 
(a) 
General Conditions: the General Conditions as set out in the section of this Base Prospectus entitled 
"General Conditions" below;  
(b) 
Payout Conditions for Structured Securities: the economic or "payout" conditions of the Structured 
Securities as set out in the section of this Base Prospectus entitled "Payout Conditions for Structured 
Securities" below, and which are specified to be applicable in the Issue Terms; 
(c) 
Payout Conditions for Credit Linked Notes: the economic or "payout" conditions of the Credit Linked 
Notes as set out in the section of this Base Prospectus entitled "Payout Conditions for Credit Linked 
Notes" below, and which are specified to be applicable in the Issue Terms; 
(d) 
Underlying Specific Conditions: in respect of the Underlying(s) or Currency Exchange Rate(s) which 
the Securities are linked to, the terms and conditions relating to such Underlying(s) or Currency 
Exchange Rate(s) as set out in the section of this Base Prospectus entitled "Underlying Specific 
Conditions" below, and which are specified to be applicable in the Issue Terms; and  
(e) 
Issue Terms: the issue specific details relating to such Securities as set forth in a separate Issue Terms. 
 
No. 
General Condition 
Page No. 
1. 
Form, Denomination and Title 
116 
2. 
Exchange of Exchangeable Bearer Securities and Transfers of Registered  
118 
3. 
Status of the Securities 
119 
4. 
Redemption, Purchase and Options 
120 
5. 
Payments and Talons 
124 
6. 
Taxation 
127 
7. 
Prescription 
128 
8. 
Events of Default 
129 
9. 
Meeting and Consents of Securityholders and Modifications 
129 
10. 
Replacement of Materialised Securities, Registered Securities, Receipts, Coupons and 
Talons 
132 
11. 
Further Issues 
133 
12. 
Notices 
133 
13. 
Waiver of set-off and netting rights 
134 
14. 
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 
134 
15. 
Governing Law; Submission to Jurisdiction 
134

--- Page 117 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
 
 
113 
 
No. 
Payout Condition for Structured Securities 
Page No. 
1. 
General Definitions 
137 
2. 
Coupon Features 
139 
3. 
Call, Securityholders Optional Early Redemption and Knock-in Features 
164 
4. 
Quanto and Compo Features 
168 
5. 
Downside Features 
169 
6. 
Underlying Features of Structured Securities 
171 
7. 
Redemption Features of Structured Securities 
174 
 
 
No. 
Payout Conditions for Credit Linked Notes 
Page No. 
1. 
General 
180 
2. 
Interest 
181 
3. 
Redemption 
185 
4. 
Terms relating to Credit-Linkage Features 
187 
5. 
Provisions relating to Obligation Category and Characteristics and Deliverable 
Obligation Category and Characteristics 
192 
6. 
Successors 
195 
7. 
Additional Provisions 
197 
8. 
Restructuring Credit Event 
202 
9. 
Miscellaneous Provisions relating to Credit Linked Notes 
203 
10. 
Definitions 
206 
 
Underlying Specific Condition 
Page No. 
Share Linked Conditions 
253 
Index Linked Conditions 
262 
ETF Linked Conditions 
269 
Currency Exchange Rate Conditions 
279 
Commodity Linked Conditions 
287 
Fund Linked Conditions 
297 
Inflation Index Linked Conditions 
311

--- Page 118 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
 
 
114 
 
Futures Linked Conditions 
316 
Interest Benchmark Linked Conditions 
322

--- Page 119 ---
General Conditions 
 
 
115 
 
GENERAL CONDITIONS 
 
The following is the text of the general terms and conditions (the "General Conditions") which, together with 
the applicable Payout Conditions and the relevant Underlying Specific Conditions, as completed by the 
applicable Final Terms or completed, supplemented, amended and/or replaced by the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, will be applicable to the Securities and, subject further to simplification by deletion of non-
applicable provisions, will be endorsed on Securities in definitive form (if any). Details of the relevant Tranche 
will be set out in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement (together the "Issue Terms") and, in the 
case of the issue of Materialised Securities (as defined below) in definitive form, endorsed on, or attached to, 
the definitive form of such Security. References in the General Conditions to "Securities" are to the Securities 
of one Series only, not to all Securities which may be issued under the Programme. Capitalised terms not 
defined in the General Conditions but which are defined in the applicable Issue Terms will have the meanings 
given to them in such Issue Terms and "herein" or "hereof" when used in the General Conditions shall include 
a reference to such Issue Terms where appropriate.  
The Securities issued under this programme (the "Programme") are issued in Series (each, a "Series") and 
each Series may comprise one or more tranches (each a "Tranche") of Securities. 
The Securities are issued pursuant to an Agency Agreement dated on or about 24 June 2024 governed by the 
laws of Ontario and the applicable federal laws of Canada (except for those provisions in respect to Securities 
governed by English law or French law which are respectively governed by English law and French law) and 
entered into between the National Bank of Canada acting through its Montréal Branch (the "Bank" or the 
"Issuer"), Citibank Europe plc, as Fiscal Agent, Registrar, Paying Agent and Transfer Agent, and National 
Bank of Canada as Calculation Agent (as amended, supplemented or restated from time to time, the "Agency 
Agreement"). Under the Agency Agreement, Citibank Europe plc will act in its capacities as:  
• 
fiscal, issuing and paying agent (the "Fiscal Agent", which expression shall include any successor to 
Citibank Europe plc in its capacity as such),  
• 
registrar (the "Registrar", which expression shall include any successor to Citibank Europe plc in its 
capacity as such and any additional registrars appointed in accordance with the Agency Agreement 
either with respect of the Programme or with respect to a particular Series),  
• 
paying agent (together with the Fiscal Agent and any additional or other paying agents in respect of 
the Securities from time to time appointed, the "Paying Agents") and  
• 
transfer agent (together with any additional or other transfer agents in respect of the Securities from 
time to time appointed, the "Transfer Agents").  
The initial calculation agent will be the Bank (the "Calculation Agent(s)") or such other entity as may be 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms.  
The Securityholders (as defined in General Condition 1 (Form, Denomination and Title of the Securities)), the 
holders of the interest coupons (the "Coupons") appertaining to interest bearing Securities in bearer form and, 
where applicable in the case of such Securities, talons for further Coupons (the "Talons") (the 
"Couponholders") and the holders of the instalment receipts (the "Receipts") appertaining to the payment of 
principal by instalments are deemed to have notice of and are bound by all of the provisions of the Agency 
Agreement applicable to them. 
In relation to non-Exempt Securities, settlement of the Securities will be in cash only and no possibility of 
physical settlement is contemplated.

--- Page 120 ---
General Conditions 
 
 
116 
 
Where Securities are governed by English law: 
The Securityholders, the Couponholders and the relevant holders of Receipts are entitled to the benefit of the 
Deed of Covenant dated on or about 24 June 2024 (as amended, supplemented, restated or replaced from time 
to time, the "Deed of Covenant") executed by the Issuer. The original of the Deed of Covenant is held by the 
Fiscal Agent. All persons from time to time entitled to the benefit of obligations under any Securities governed 
by English law shall also be deemed to have notice of, and shall be bound by, all of the provisions of the Deed 
of Covenant insofar as they relate to the relevant Securities. 
Where Securities are governed by French law:  
The Securityholders are entitled to the benefit of the provisions of the French Agency Agreement. All persons 
from time to time entitled to the benefit of obligations under any Securities governed by French law shall also 
be deemed to have notice of, and shall be bound by, all of the provisions of the French Agency Agreement 
insofar as they relate to the relevant Securities. 
The final terms of the Securities (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Final Terms 
attached to or endorsed hereon which completes these General Conditions or, if the Securities are neither 
admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area nor offered in the European 
Economic Area in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129, as amended or superseded, (the "Exempt Securities"), the final terms (or the relevant provisions 
thereof) are set out in Part A of the Pricing Supplement attached to or endorsed hereon which supplements 
these General Conditions and which shall, to the extent so specified to the extent inconsistent with the General 
Conditions, replace or modify the General Conditions for the purposes of the Securities. References to the 
"applicable Final Terms" are, unless otherwise stated, to Part A of the Final Terms (or the relevant provision 
thereof) attached to or endorsed on the Securities. References to the "applicable Pricing Supplement" are, 
unless otherwise stated, to Part A of the Pricing Supplement (or the relevant provision thereof) attached to or 
endorsed on the Securities and any references in the General Conditions to "applicable Final Terms" shall be 
deemed to include a reference to the applicable Pricing Supplement where relevant. 
Copies of the Agency Agreement, the French Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant are available for 
inspection at the specified offices of each of the Paying Agents and the Transfer Agents. 
1. 
Form, Denomination and Title of the Securities 
The Securities may be issued on the issue date (the "Issue Date") either in:  
(i)  
materialised form with respect to Securities governed by either the laws of Ontario and the federal 
laws of Canada or English law (the "Materialised Securities"), or  
(ii)  
dematerialised form with respect to Securities governed by French law (the "Dematerialised 
Securities"),  
as specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
Securities will be issued specifying the notional amount per Security (the "Notional Amount"), the specified 
denomination(s) (the "Specified Denomination(s)") and the aggregate notional amount of the Series (the 
"Aggregate Notional Amount"), each as specified in the relevant Issue Terms.  
In these Conditions, "Securityholder" means: 
(a) 
in the case of Materialised Securities, the bearer of any Bearer Security or the person in whose name 
a Registered Security is registered. In addition, "holder" (in relation to a Security, Receipt, Coupon or

--- Page 121 ---
General Conditions 
 
 
117 
 
Talon) has the corresponding meaning and capitalised terms have the meanings given to them herein, 
the absence of any such meaning indicating that such term is not applicable to the Securities; and 
(b) 
in the case of Dematerialised Securities, the individual or entity whose name appears in the account of 
the relevant Account Holder (as defined below), the Issuer or the Registrar (as the case may be) as 
being entitled to such Securities. 
1.1 
Form and Title of Materialised Securities  
Where Securities are governed by (i) the laws of Ontario and the federal laws of Canada or (ii) English law:  
The Securities will be issued as Materialised Securities. The Materialised Securities are issued in the form 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms. Materialised Securities issued in bearer form are referred to herein as 
"Bearer Securities", which expression includes Materialised Securities which are specified to be 
Exchangeable Bearer Securities. Materialised Securities issued in registered form are referred to herein as 
"Registered Securities". Materialised Securities issued in bearer form exchangeable for Registered Securities 
are referred to herein as "Exchangeable Bearer Securities". Bearer Securities in definitive form will be 
serially numbered, in the Specified Currency and in the Specified Denomination(s).  
Definitive Bearer Securities are issued with Coupons (and, where appropriate, a Talon) attached, save in the 
case of Securities which do not bear interest in which case references to interest (other than in relation to 
interest due after the Redemption Date), Coupons and Talons in these Conditions are not applicable. Any 
Bearer Security the Specified Denomination of which is redeemable in instalments ("Instalment Securities") 
is issued with one or more Receipts attached.  
Registered Securities in definitive form are represented by one or more Securities registered in the name of the 
recorded holder of such Security. Registered Securities in definitive form shall be issued in the lowest Specified 
Denomination, if any, or an integral multiple thereof.  
Title to the Bearer Securities and the Receipts, Coupons and Talons shall pass by delivery. Title to the 
Registered Securities shall pass by due endorsement. The Bank shall procure that the Registrar keeps a register 
or registers in which shall be entered the names and addresses of the holders of Registered Securities and 
particulars of the Registered Securities held by them. Such registration shall be noted on the Registered 
Securities by the Registrar. References herein to "holders" of Registered Securities are to the persons in whose 
names such Registered Securities are so registered in the relevant register and "Securityholder" has the 
corresponding meaning. Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the 
holder of any Security, Receipt, Coupon or Talon shall be deemed to be and may be treated as the absolute 
owner of such Security, Receipt, Coupon or Talon, as the case may be, for the purpose of receiving payment 
thereof or on account thereof and for all other purposes, whether or not such Security, Receipt, Coupon or 
Talon shall be overdue and notwithstanding any notice of ownership, theft or loss thereof or any writing 
thereon made by anyone. 
1.2 
Form and Title of Dematerialised Securities  
Where Securities are governed by French law:  
The Securities are issued as Dematerialised Securities. Title to Dematerialised Securities will be evidenced in 
accordance with Articles L 211-3 et seq. and Articles R. 211-1 et seq. of the French Monetary and Financial 
Code (Code monétaire et financier) by book entries (inscriptions en compte). No physical document of title 
(including certificats représentatifs pursuant to Article R. 211-7 of the French Monetary and Financial Code 
(Code monétaire et financier)) will be issued in respect of the Dematerialised Securities. 
Dematerialised Securities are issued, at the option of the Issuer, in either (i) bearer form (au porteur), which 
will be inscribed in the books of Euroclear France S.A. (acting as central depositary) which shall credit the 
accounts of the relevant Account Holders, or (ii) in registered form (au nominatif) and, in such latter case, at 
the option of the relevant holder in either administered registered form (nominatif administré) inscribed in the 
books of an Account Holder designated by the relevant holder of Securities or in fully registered form (au

--- Page 122 ---
General Conditions 
 
 
118 
 
nominatif pur) inscribed in an account maintained by the Issuer or the Registrar (designated in the Issue Terms) 
acting on behalf of the Issuer. 
Unless this possibility is expressly excluded in the relevant Issue Terms and to the extent permitted by 
applicable law, the Issuer may at any time request from the central depositary identification information of 
holders of Dematerialised Securities in bearer form (au porteur) such as the name or the company name, 
nationality, date of birth or year of incorporation and mail address or, as the case may be, email address of 
such holders. 
For the purpose of these Conditions, "Account Holder" means any authorised financial intermediary 
institution entitled to hold accounts, directly or indirectly, with Euroclear France S.A., and includes Euroclear 
Bank S.A./N.V. ("Euroclear") and the depositary bank for Clearstream Banking, société anonyme 
("Clearstream, Luxembourg"). 
2. 
Exchange of Exchangeable Bearer Securities and Transfers of Registered 
Securities for Materialised Securities 
Where Securities are governed by (i) the laws of Ontario and the federal laws of Canada or (ii) English law:  
2.1 
Exchange of Exchangeable Bearer Securities 
Subject as provided in General Condition 2.5 (Closed Periods), Exchangeable Bearer Securities may be 
exchanged for the same aggregate notional amount of Registered Securities at the request in writing of the 
relevant Securityholder and upon surrender of each Exchangeable Bearer Security to be exchanged, together 
with all unmatured Receipts, Coupons and Talons relating to it, at the specified office of the Registrar or any 
Transfer Agent; provided, however, that where an Exchangeable Bearer Security is surrendered for exchange 
after the Record Date (as defined in General Condition 5.2 (Registered Securities)) for any payment of interest 
or Instalment Amount, the Coupon in respect of that payment of interest or Receipt in respect of that Instalment 
Amount need not be surrendered with it. 
Registered Securities may not be exchanged for Bearer Securities. Bearer Securities of one Specified 
Denomination may not be exchanged for Bearer Securities of another Specified Denomination. Bearer 
Securities which are not Exchangeable Bearer Securities may not be exchanged for Registered Securities. 
2.2 
Transfer of Registered Securities 
Subject as provided in General Condition 2.5 (Closed Periods), one or more Registered Securities may upon 
the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Agency Agreement and as required by law be transferred 
upon the surrender of such Registered Securities to be transferred, together with the form of transfer endorsed 
on such Registered Security duly completed and executed, at the specified office of the Registrar or any 
Transfer Agent. In the case of a transfer of part only of a holding of Registered Securities, a new Registered 
Security in respect of the balance not transferred will be issued to the transferor. 
2.3 
Delivery of New Registered Securities 
Each new Registered Security to be issued upon exchange of Exchangeable Bearer Securities or transfer of 
Registered Securities will, within three business days (being a day, other than a Saturday or Sunday, on which 
commercial banks are open for business in the place of the specified office of the Transfer Agent or the 
Registrar to whom such request for exchange or form of transfer shall have been delivered) of receipt of such 
request for exchange or form of transfer, be available for delivery at the specified office of the Transfer Agent 
or the Registrar (as the case may be) to whom such delivery shall have been made or, at the option of the holder 
making such delivery as aforesaid and as specified in the relevant request for exchange or form of transfer, be 
mailed at the risk of the holder entitled to the new Registered Security to such address as may be specified in 
such request for exchange or form of transfer.

--- Page 123 ---
General Conditions 
 
 
119 
 
2.4 
Exchange Free of Charge 
Exchange of Securities on registration or transfer will be effected without charge by or on behalf of the Bank, 
the Registrar or the Transfer Agents, but on payment (or the giving of such indemnity as the Registrar or the 
relevant Transfer Agent may require in respect thereof) of any tax or other governmental charges which may 
be imposed in relation to it. 
2.5 
Closed Periods 
No Securityholder may require the transfer of a Registered Security to be registered or an Exchangeable Bearer 
Security to be exchanged for a Registered Security (i) during the period of 15 days ending on the due date for 
redemption of, or payment of any Instalment Amount in respect of, that Security, (ii) during the period of 15 
days prior to any date on which Securities may be redeemed by the Bank at its option pursuant to General 
Condition 4.8 (Cancellation) or (iii) after any such Security has been drawn for redemption in whole or in part. 
An Exchangeable Bearer Security called for redemption may, however, be exchanged for a Registered Security 
in respect of which such Registered Security is simultaneously surrendered not later than the relevant Record 
Date. 
3. 
Status of the Securities 
3.1 
The Securities 
The Securities and, where applicable, the Receipts, the Coupons and Talons relating to them are 
unsubordinated and unsecured and will constitute deposit liabilities of the Bank for purposes of the Bank Act 
(Canada) and will rank pari passu with all other unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Bank 
including deposit liabilities (except as otherwise prescribed by law and subject to the exercise of bank 
resolution powers), and without any preference amongst themselves. The deposits to be evidenced by 
Securities will be issued by the main branch of the Bank in Montréal, Québec, Canada. 
The Securities will not be deposits insured under the Canada Deposit Insurance Corporation Act (the "CDIC 
Act"). 
3.2 
Bail-inable Securities 
This General Condition 3.2 will apply in respect of all Securities issued by the Bank that are identified as Bail-
inable Securities in the applicable Issue Terms ("Bail-inable Securities"). All Securities that (i) have an 
original or amended term to maturity (including explicit or embedded options) greater than 400 days and that 
have been assigned a CUSIP or ISIN or similar identification number and (ii) are not otherwise excluded (e.g. 
structured securities (as such term is used under the Canadian bank recapitalisation regime for banks designated 
by the Superintendent of Financial Institutions (Canada) (the "Superintendent") as domestic systemically 
important banks (the "Bail-in Regime")) under the Bail-in Regime, will be identified as Bail-inable Securities 
in the applicable Issue Terms. Securities that constitute structured Securities (as such term is used under the 
Bail-in Regime) or are otherwise excluded under the Bail-in Regime will not be identified as Bail-inable 
Securities in the applicable Issue Terms. 
By its acquisition of an interest in Bail-inable Securities, each Securityholder (which, for the purposes of this 
General Condition 3.2, includes each holder of a beneficial interest in such Bail-inable Securities) is deemed 
to: 
(a) 
agree to be bound, in respect of such Bail-inable Securities, by the CDIC Act, including the conversion 
of the Bail-inable Securities, in whole or in part – by means of a transaction or series of transactions 
and in one or more steps – into common shares of the Bank or any of its affiliates under subsection 
39.2(2.3) of the CDIC Act and the variation or extinguishment of the Bail-inable Securities in 
consequence, and by the application of the laws of the Province of Ontario and the federal laws of 
Canada applicable therein in respect of the operation of the CDIC Act with respect to such Bail-inable 
Securities (a "Bail-in Conversion");

--- Page 124 ---
General Conditions 
 
 
120 
 
(b) 
attorn to the jurisdiction of the courts in the Province of Ontario with respect to the CDIC Act and the 
laws of the Province of Ontario and the federal laws of Canada applicable therein in respect of the 
operation of the CDIC Act with respect to the Bail-inable Securities; 
(c) 
have represented and warranted to the Bank that the Bank has not directly or indirectly provided 
financing to the Securityholder of the Bail-inable Securities for the express purpose of investing in 
Bail-inable Securities; and 
(d) 
acknowledge and agree that the terms referred to in paragraphs (a) and (b), above, are binding on such 
Securityholder despite any provisions in these Conditions, any other law that governs the Bail-inable 
Securities and any other agreement, arrangement or understanding between such Securityholder and 
the Bank with respect to such Bail-inable Securities. 
The applicable Issue Terms will indicate whether Securities are Bail-inable Securities. All Bail-inable 
Securities will be subject to Bail-in Conversion. 
Securityholders and beneficial owners of a Bail-inable Security will have no further rights in respect of a Bail-
inable Security to the extent such Bail-inable Security is converted in a Bail-in Conversion, other than those 
provided under the Bail-in Regime, and by its acquisition of an interest in the Bail-inable Security, each 
Securityholder or beneficial owner of the Bail-inable Security is deemed to irrevocably consent to the 
converted portion of the principal amount of the Bail-inable Security and any accrued and unpaid interest 
thereon being deemed paid in full by the issuance of common shares of the Bank (or, if applicable, any of its 
affiliates) upon the occurrence of a Bail-in Conversion, which Bail-in Conversion shall occur without any 
further action on the part of that Securityholder or beneficial owner or the Paying Agents; provided that, for 
the avoidance of doubt, this consent shall not limit or otherwise affect any rights of that Securityholder or 
beneficial owner provided for under the Bail-in Regime. 
Each Securityholder or beneficial owner of the Bail-inable Securities that acquires an interest in the Bail-inable 
Securities in the secondary market and any successors, assigns, heirs, executors, administrators, trustees in 
bankruptcy and legal representatives of any such Securityholder or beneficial owner shall be deemed to 
acknowledge, accept, agree to be bound by and consent to the same provisions specified herein to the same 
extent as the Securityholders or beneficial owners that acquire an interest in the Bail-inable Securities upon 
their initial issuance, including, without limitation, with respect to the terms of the Bail-inable Securities 
related to the Bail-in Regime. 
4. 
Redemption, Purchase and Options 
4.1 
Final Redemption 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, each Security will be redeemed at the amounts and 
dates specified in the applicable Payout Conditions. 
4.2 
Early Redemption for Taxation Reasons 
Where Early Redemption for Taxation Reasons is specified as being applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, 
the Securities may be redeemed at the option of the Bank in whole, but not in part, on any Interest Payment 
Date, Coupon Payment Date or at any time (in all other cases), on giving not less than 30 days nor more than 
60 days' notice to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 12 (Notices) (which notice shall 
be irrevocable), at their Early Redemption Amount (together with accrued interest to the date fixed for 
redemption if any) if (i) the Bank has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred 
to in General Condition 6 (Taxation) as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of 
Canada or any province thereof or any political subdivision or any authority or agency thereof or therein having 
power to tax, or any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations, which 
change or amendment becomes effective on or after the Issue Date, and (ii) such obligation cannot be avoided 
by the Bank taking reasonable measures available to it, provided that no such notice of redemption shall be 
given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date on which the Bank would be obliged to pay such additional 
amounts were a payment in respect of the Securities then due and provided further that in respect of Bail-inable

--- Page 125 ---
General Conditions 
 
 
121 
 
Securities, where the redemption would lead to a breach of the Bank's total loss absorbing capacity ("TLAC") 
requirements such redemption will be subject to the prior approval of the Superintendent. Prior to the 
publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this paragraph, the Bank shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent 
a certificate signed by two senior officers of the Bank stating that the Bank is entitled to effect such redemption 
and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Bank to so redeem 
have occurred, and an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised standing to the effect that the Bank 
has or will become obliged to pay such additional amounts as a result of such change or amendment. 
4.3 
Early Redemption for Illegality 
Where Early Redemption for Illegality is specified as being applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, in the 
event that the Bank determines in good faith that the performance of the Bank's obligations under such 
Securities or any arrangement made to hedge the Bank's obligations under such Securities have or will become 
unlawful, illegal or otherwise prohibited in whole or in part as a result of compliance with any applicable 
present or future law, rule, regulation, judgment, order or directive of any governmental, administrative, 
legislative or judicial authority or power, or in the interpretation thereof (each of which shall be an instance of 
"Illegality"), the Bank having given not less than the minimum period and not more than the maximum period 
of notice specified in the applicable Issue Terms to Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 12 
(Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable), may, on expiry of such notice redeem all, but not some only, of 
the Securities, each Security being redeemed at Early Redemption Amount (together with accrued interest to 
the date fixed for redemption if any). In respect of Bail-inable Securities, where the redemption would lead to 
a breach of the Bank's TLAC requirements, such redemption will be subject to the prior approval of the 
Superintendent. 
4.4 
Early Redemption for a Disruption Event 
Where Early Redemption for a Disruption Event is specified as being applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, 
in the event of a Disruption Event, the Bank having given not less than the minimum period and not more than 
the maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Issue Terms to Securityholders in accordance with 
General Condition 12 (Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable), may, on expiry of such notice redeem all, 
but not some only, of the Securities, each Security being redeemed at the Early Redemption Amount (together 
with accrued interest to the date fixed for redemption if any). In respect of Bail-inable Securities, where the 
redemption would lead to a breach of the Bank's TLAC requirements, such redemption will be subject to the 
prior approval of the Superintendent. 
As used in this General Condition 4.4: 
"Disruption Event" means a Hedging Disruption or an Increased Cost of Hedging. 
"Hedging Disruption" means that the Hedging Entity is unable, after using commercially reasonable efforts, 
to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) 
it deems necessary to hedge any of the underlying reference rates, or other price risk of the Issuer issuing and 
performing its obligations with respect to the Securities, or (b) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any 
such transaction(s) or asset(s). 
"Hedging Entity" means (a) the Issuer or (b) any affiliate or any entity (or entities) acting on behalf of the 
Issuer that is engaged in any underlying or hedging transactions related to the underlying reference rates in 
respect of the Issuer's obligations under the Securities. 
"Increased Cost of Hedging" means that the Hedging Entity would incur a materially increased (as compared 
with circumstances existing on the Trade Date) amount of tax, duty, expense or fee (other than brokerage 
commissions) to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any 
transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the price risk of the relevant securities or other risk of 
the Issuer issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the Securities, or (b) realise, recover or remit 
the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s), provided that any such materially increased amount that is 
incurred solely due to the deterioration of the creditworthiness of the Issuer and/or the Hedging Entity shall 
not be deemed an Increased Cost of Hedging.

--- Page 126 ---
General Conditions 
 
 
122 
 
"Trade Date" has the meaning given to it in the applicable Issue Terms. 
4.5 
Early Redemption for Special Circumstance 
Where Early Redemption for Special Circumstance is specified as being applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms, in the event of a Special Circumstance, the Bank having given not less than the minimum period and 
not more than the maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Issue Terms to Securityholders in 
accordance with General Condition 12 (Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable), may, on expiry of such 
notice redeem all, but not some only, of the Securities, each Security being redeemed Early Redemption 
Amount (together with accrued interest to the date fixed for redemption if any). In respect of Bail-inable 
Securities, where the redemption would lead to a breach of the Bank's TLAC requirements, such redemption 
will be subject to the prior approval of the Superintendent. 
As used in this General Condition 4.5, unless otherwise provided for or supplemented in the Underlying 
Specific Conditions: 
"Special Circumstance" means an event where, in the opinion of the Issuer acting reasonably and in good 
faith, an amendment or a change is made to a taxation act or regulation, to taxation practices, policies or 
administration, to the interpretation of a taxation act or regulation or taxation practice, policy or administration; 
or an event occurs, now or in future, caused by circumstances beyond the control of the Issuer making it illegal 
or disadvantageous, from a legislative or regulatory point-of-view, or disadvantageous, from a financial point-
of-view, for the Issuer to allow the Securities to remain outstanding. 
For the avoidance of doubt, a "Special Circumstance" shall not include any event or circumstance covered 
by General Condition 4.2 (Early Redemption for Taxation Reasons) and General Condition 6 (Taxation), for 
which General Condition 4.2 and General Condition 6 shall continue to apply accordingly. In addition, further 
events or circumstances which shall not be considered a Special Circumstance may be specified in the Issue 
Terms. 
4.6 
Partial Redemption 
Where Securities are governed by (i) the laws of Ontario and the federal laws of Canada or (ii) English law: 
In the case of a partial redemption of, a holding of Registered Securities, a new Registered Security shall be 
issued to the holder in respect of the balance of the holding not redeemed. In the case of a partial redemption 
of the same holding having different terms, separate Registered Securities shall be issued in respect of those 
Securities of that holding that have the same terms. New Registered Securities shall only be issued against 
surrender of the existing Registered Securities to the Registrar or any Transfer Agent. In the case of a transfer 
of Registered Securities to a person who is already a holder of Registered Securities, a new Registered Security 
representing the enlarged holding shall only be issued against surrender of the Registered Security representing 
the existing holding. 
Where Securities are governed by French law: 
In the case of a partial redemption of Dematerialised Securities, the redemption shall be effected by reducing 
the nominal amount of all such Dematerialised Securities in a Series in proportion to the aggregate nominal 
amount redeemed. 
4.7 
Purchases 
The Bank and any of its subsidiaries in the ordinary course of their dealing in securities may at any time 
purchase Securities (provided, where applicable, that all unmatured Receipts (if any) and Coupons and 
unexchanged Talons appertaining thereto are attached or surrendered therewith) in the open market or 
otherwise at any price provided that in respect of Bail-inable Securities where the purchase would lead to a 
breach of the Bank's TLAC requirements, such purchase will be subject to the prior approval of the 
Superintendent.

--- Page 127 ---
General Conditions 
 
 
123 
 
4.8 
Cancellation 
Where Securities are governed by (i) the laws of Ontario and the federal laws of Canada or (ii) English law:  
All Materialised Securities purchased by or on behalf of the Bank or any of its subsidiaries may be held, resold 
or, at the option of the Issuer, surrendered for cancellation, in the case of Bearer Securities, by surrendering 
each such Security together with all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and all unexchanged Talons to the Fiscal 
Agent and, in the case of Registered Securities, by surrendering the Registered Security representing such 
Securities to the Registrar and, in each case, if so surrendered, will, together with all Securities redeemed by 
the Bank, be cancelled forthwith (together with all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and unexchanged Talons 
attached thereto or surrendered therewith). Any Securities so surrendered for cancellation may not be reissued 
or resold and the obligations of the Bank in respect of any such Securities shall be discharged. 
Where Securities are governed by French law:  
All Dematerialised Securities which have been subscribed or purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer may, at 
its sole option, be held or cancelled in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.  
The cancellation of Dematerialised Securities will be made by transfer to an account in accordance with the 
rules and procedures of Euroclear France S.A. and if so transferred, shall be cancelled forthwith together with 
all rights relating to payment of interest and other amounts. Any Dematerialised Security so cancelled may not 
be reissued or resold and the obligations of the Issuer in respect of any such Dematerialised Securities shall be 
discharged.  
4.9 
Payment in case of early redemption other than Zero Coupon Securities 
In case of an early redemption, the Securities will be redeemed at their Early Redemption Amount. 
The "Early Redemption Amount", unless another amount is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, shall be 
an amount in respect of each Notional Amount for each Security in the Specified Currency, determined by the 
Calculation Agent in good faith and on such basis as it, in its sole and absolute discretion, considers fair and 
reasonable in the circumstances, to be equal to the fair market value of such Security (in respect of such 
Notional Amount) following the event triggering the early redemption (including the value of accrued interest 
(if applicable)), plus or minus any related hedging gains or costs, respectively. Such amount shall be 
determined following the event giving rise to the early redemption of the Securities and by reference to such 
factors as the Calculation Agent considers to be appropriate including, without limitation: 
(a) 
market prices or values for the Underlying(s) and other relevant economic variables (such as interest 
rates and, if applicable, exchange rates) at the relevant time; 
(b) 
the remaining life of the Securities had they remained outstanding to scheduled maturity and/or any 
scheduled early redemption date; 
(c) 
the value at the relevant time of any minimum redemption which would have been applicable had the 
Securities remained outstanding to scheduled maturity and/or any scheduled early redemption date; 
(d) 
internal pricing models; and 
prices at which other market participants might bid for securities similar to the Securities. 
4.10 
Redemption Irrevocable 
A notice of redemption under this General Condition 4 (Redemption, Purchase and Options) shall be 
irrevocable provided that Bail-inable Securities continue to be subject to a Bail-in Conversion prior to their 
repayment in full.

--- Page 128 ---
General Conditions 
 
 
124 
 
5. 
Payments and Talons 
5.1 
Bearer Securities 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of Bearer Securities will, subject as mentioned below, be made 
against presentation and surrender of the relevant Securities (in the case of payments of principal and, in the 
case of interest, as specified in General Condition 5.6(e)) or Coupons (in the case of interest, save as specified 
in General Condition 5.6(b)), as the case may be, at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United 
States by a cheque payable in the currency in which such payment is due drawn on, or, at the option of the 
holder, by transfer to an account denominated in that currency with, a bank in the principal financial centre of 
that currency; provided that in the case of euro, the transfer may be to, or the cheque drawn on, a euro account 
(or any other account to which euro may be credited or transferred). This provision does not apply to 
Dematerialised Securities. 
5.2 
Registered Securities 
Payments of principal in respect of Registered Securities will be made against presentation and surrender of 
the relevant Registered Securities at the specified office of any of the Transfer Agents or of the Registrar and 
in the manner provided in paragraph (ii) below. 
Interest on Registered Securities will be paid to the person shown on the Register at the close of business (i) 
in the case of a Global Security, the business day (being for this purpose a day on which Euroclear, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or Euroclear France S.A., as applicable, are open for business) prior to the due date for payment 
thereof and (ii) in the case of a Definitive Security, on the fifteenth day before the due date for payment thereof 
(the "Record Date"). Payments of interest on each Registered Security will be made in the currency in which 
such payments are due by cheque drawn on a bank in the principal financial centre of the country of the 
currency concerned and mailed to the holder (or to the first named of joint holders) of such Security at its 
address appearing in the Register maintained by the Registrar. Upon application by the holder to the specified 
office of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent before the Record Date and subject as provided in General 
Condition 5.1 (Bearer Securities), such payment of interest may be made by transfer to an account in the 
Specified Currency maintained by the payee with a bank in the principal financial centre of the country of that 
currency. This provision does not apply to Dematerialised Securities. 
5.3 
Payments in the United States 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Bearer Securities are denominated in U.S. dollars, payments in respect 
thereof may be made at the specified office of any Paying Agent in New York City in the same manner as 
aforesaid if (i) the Bank shall have appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States 
with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment of the amounts on 
the Securities in the manner provided above when due, (ii) payment in full of such amounts at all such offices 
is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions on payment or receipt of 
such amounts and (iii) such payment is then permitted by United States law, without involving, in the opinion 
of the Bank, any adverse tax consequence to the Bank. 
5.4 
Payments subject to fiscal or other laws 
Payments will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto in the 
place of payment but without prejudice to the provisions of General Condition 8 (Events of Default), (ii) the 
FATCA Withholding Tax Rules (as defined in General Condition 6 (Taxation)); and (iii) any withholding or 
deduction pursuant to Section 871(m) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the "Code") ("871(m) 
Withholding"). In addition, in determining the amount of 871(m) Withholding imposed with respect to any 
amounts to be paid on the Securities, the Issuer or any withholding agent shall be entitled to withhold on any 
"dividend equivalent" (as defined for purposes of Section 871(m) of the Code) at the highest rate applicable 
to such payments regardless of any exemption from, or reduction in, such withholding otherwise available 
under applicable law.

--- Page 129 ---
General Conditions 
 
 
125 
 
5.5 
Appointment of Agents 
The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the Registrar, Transfer Agents and the Calculation Agent initially 
appointed by the Bank and their respective specified offices are listed below. The Fiscal Agent, the Paying 
Agents, the Registrar, Transfer Agents and the Calculation Agent act solely as agents of the Bank and do not 
assume any obligation or relationship of agency or trust for or with any Securityholder or Couponholder. The 
Bank reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of the Fiscal Agent, any other Paying 
Agent, the Registrar or any Transfer Agent and to appoint additional or other Paying Agents or Transfer 
Agents, provided that the Bank will at all times maintain (i) a Fiscal Agent, (ii) a Registrar in relation to 
Registered Securities, (iii) a Transfer Agent in relation to Registered Securities, (iv) a Calculation Agent where 
the Conditions so require one, (v) a Paying Agent, and (vi) such other agents as may be required by the rules 
of any stock exchange on which the Securities may be listed or as may be agreed between the Bank and the 
relevant Dealer(s). 
In addition, the Bank shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent in New York City in respect of any Securities 
denominated in U.S. dollars in the circumstances described in General Condition 5.3 (Payments in the United 
States). 
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office will promptly be given to the Securityholders 
in accordance with General Condition 12 (Notices). 
Unless otherwise specified, all determinations, considerations, decisions, elections and calculations in the 
Conditions shall be made by the Calculation Agent. In respect of each such determination, consideration, 
decision, election and calculation, this General Condition 5.5 shall apply. 
All calculations and determinations made by the Calculation Agent in respect of the Securities shall be final 
and binding on the Issuer and Securityholders in the absence of manifest error. 
No liability shall attach to the Calculation Agent for errors or omissions in respect of any calculation, 
determination or other exercise of discretion under the Conditions provided that, it has acted in accordance 
with this General Condition 5.5. 
The calculation functions and other discretionary actions (including, but not limited to duties to make 
determinations) required of the Calculation Agent may be delegated to any such person as the Calculation 
Agent, in its reasonable discretion, may decide. 
5.6 
Unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons 
(a) 
Unless the Securities provide that the relative Coupons are to become void upon the due date for 
redemption of those Securities, Bearer Securities should be surrendered for payment together with all 
unmatured Coupons (if any) appertaining thereto, failing which an amount equal to the face value of 
each missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in full, that proportion of 
the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon which the sum of principal so paid bears to the total 
principal due) will be deducted from the amount due for payment. Any amount so deducted will be 
paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of such missing Coupon within a period of 3 
years from the Relevant Date for the payment of such principal (whether or not such Coupon has 
become void pursuant to General Condition 7 (Prescription)). 
(b) 
If the relative Securities so provide, upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Security, 
unmatured Coupons relating to such Security (whether or not attached) shall become void and no 
payment shall be made in respect of them. 
(c) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Security, any unexchanged Talon relating to such 
Security (whether or not attached) shall become void and no Coupon shall be delivered in respect of 
such Talon.

--- Page 130 ---
General Conditions 
 
 
126 
 
(d) 
Where any Bearer Security which provides that the relative Coupons are to become void upon the due 
date for redemption of those Securities is presented for redemption without all unmatured Coupons 
and any unexchanged Talon relating to it, and where any Bearer Security is presented for redemption 
without any unexchanged Talon relating to it, redemption shall be made only against the provisions of 
such indemnity as the Bank may require. 
(e) 
If the due date for redemption of any Security is not a due date for payment of interest, interest accrued 
from the preceding due date for payment of interest or the Interest Commencement Date, as the case 
may be, shall only be payable against presentation (and surrender if appropriate) of the relevant Bearer 
Security or Registered Security representing it, as the case may be. Interest accrued on a Security 
which only bears interest after its Redemption Date shall be payable on redemption of such Security 
against presentation of the relevant Security or Registered Security representing it, as the case may be. 
This provision does not apply to Dematerialised Securities. 
5.7 
Talons 
On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a Coupon sheet issued in respect of 
any Bearer Security, the Talon forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified office 
of the Fiscal Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet (and if necessary another Talon for a further Coupon 
sheet) but excluding any Coupons which may have become void pursuant to General Condition 7 
(Prescription). This provision does not apply to Dematerialised Securities. 
5.8 
Non-business days 
If any date for payment in respect of any Security, Receipt or Coupon is not a business day, the holder shall 
not be entitled to payment until the next following business day and shall not be entitled to any interest or other 
sum in respect of such postponed payment. In this paragraph, "business day" means a day (other than a 
Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the relevant 
place of presentation or payment, and in such jurisdictions as shall be specified as "Financial Centre(s)" in 
the Issue Terms and if T2 is specified as a Financial Centre, a T2 Business Day, and: 
(a) 
in the case of a payment in a Specified Currency other than euro, where payment is to be made by 
transfer to an account maintained with a bank in the Specified Currency, on which foreign exchange 
transactions may be carried on in the Specified Currency in the principal financial centre of the country 
of such currency; or 
(b) 
in the case of a payment in euro, which is a T2 Business Day (as defined in the definition of "Business 
Day" in Payout Condition 1 (General Definitions)).  
5.9 
Specific provisions in relation to payments in respect of certain types of Securities 
In the case of Securities that are Bearer Securities and provide for Instalment Amounts, payments of principal 
and interest will be made in the manner provided in General Conditions 5.1 (Bearer Securities), 5.2 (Registered 
Securities), 5.3 (Payments in the United States) and 5.4 (Payments subject to fiscal or other laws) against 
presentation and surrender of the relevant Receipt (in the case of Instalment Amounts other than on the due 
date for redemption and provided the relevant Receipt is presented for payment together with its relative 
Security), Exempt Securities (in the case of all other payments of principal and, in the case of Interest, as 
specified in General 5.6(b)) or Coupons (in the case of interest payments, save as specified in General 
Condition 5.6(b)). Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Security which is redeemable instalments, 
all Receipts relating to such Securities having an Instalment Date falling on or after such due date (whether or 
not attached) shall become void and no payment shall be made in respect of them. 
In the case of Securities that are Registered Securities and which provide for Instalment Amounts, payments 
shall be made in accordance with General Condition 5.2 (Registered Securities) and 5.4 (Payments subject to 
fiscal or other laws) with all references to principal being deemed to include Instalment Amounts other than

--- Page 131 ---
General Conditions 
 
 
127 
 
the final Instalment Amount and all references to interest being deemed to include all Instalment Amounts 
other than the final Instalment Amount. 
5.10 
Dematerialised Securities 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of Dematerialised Securities shall  
(i)  
in the case of Dematerialised Securities in bearer dematerialised form or administered registered form, 
be made by transfer to the account denominated in the relevant currency of the relevant Account Holders 
for the benefit of the Securityholders and,  
(ii)  
in the case of Dematerialised Securities in fully registered form, to an account denominated in the 
relevant currency with a bank designated by the relevant Securityholder.  
All payments validly made to such Account Holders or bank will be an effective discharge of the Issuer in 
respect of such payments. 
General Conditions 5.3 (Payments in the United States), 5.4 (Payments subject to fiscal or other laws), 5.5 
(Appointment of Agents), 5.8 (Non-business days) and 5.9 (Specific provisions in relation to payments in 
respect of certain types of Securities) also apply to Dematerialised Securities. 
6. 
Taxation 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Securities, the Receipts and the Coupons by or on behalf 
of the Bank will be made without withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any present or future taxes, 
duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of Canada, 
any province or territory or political subdivision thereof or any authority or agency therein or thereof having 
power to tax, unless the withholding or deduction of such taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges 
is required by law, regulation or the administration thereof. In that event, the Bank will pay such additional 
amounts as may be necessary in order that the net amounts received by the holders of such Securities, Receipts 
or Coupons after such withholding or deduction shall equal the respective amounts of principal and interest, if 
any, which would have been received in respect of the Securities, Receipts or Coupons, in the absence of such 
withholding or deduction; except that no additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any payment in 
respect of any Security, Receipt or Coupon: 
(a) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder who is liable to such taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges in respect of such Security, Receipt or Coupon by reason of his having some 
connection with Canada or the country in which the issuing branch is located otherwise than by the 
mere holding of such Security, Receipt or Coupon; 
(b) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder in respect of whom such taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges in respect of such Security, Receipt or Coupon are required to be withheld or 
deducted by reason of the holder being a person with whom the Bank or the payor is not dealing at 
arm's length (within the meaning of the Income Tax Act (Canada)); 
(c) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that the holder 
thereof would have been entitled to such additional amount on presenting the same for payment on the 
thirtieth such day, assuming that day to have been a Business Day (as defined in General Condition 
5.8 (Non-business days)); 
(d) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder who is liable to such taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges in respect of such Security, Receipt or Coupon by reason of such holder being 
a person who is, or who does not deal at arm's length with any person who is, a "specified shareholder" 
(as defined in subsection 18(5) of the Income Tax Act (Canada)) of the Bank or the payor for the 
purposes of the thin capitalisation rules in the Income Tax Act (Canada);

--- Page 132 ---
General Conditions 
 
 
128 
 
(e) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder who is liable to such taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges in respect of such Security, Receipt or Coupon by reason of any amount paid or 
payable by the Bank to a holder in respect of the Security, Receipt or Coupon being considered the 
deduction component of a "hybrid mismatch arrangement" under which the payment arises within the 
meaning of proposed paragraph 18.4(3)(b) of the Income Tax Act (Canada) contained in Bill C-59 
released by the Canadian federal government in November 2023; 
(f) 
if such taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges are on account of an estate, inheritance, 
gift, value added, goods and services, harmonised sales, sales, transfer, personal property or any other 
similar taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges; 
(g) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder who is liable for such taxes, duties, assessments or other 
governmental charges by reason of such holder's failure to comply with any certification, 
identification, documentation or other reporting requirement concerning the nationality, residence, 
identity or connection with Canada or the country in which the issuing branch is located of such holder, 
if (i) compliance is required by law or the administration thereof as a precondition to, exemption from, 
or reduction in the rate of, the tax, duty, assessment or other governmental charge and (ii) the Bank 
has given holders at least 30 days' notice that holders will be required to provide such certification, 
identification, documentation or other reporting requirement; 
(h) 
for or on account of any withholding tax or deduction imposed or collected pursuant to Sections 1471 
through 1474 of the Code (or any amended or successor version), any current or future regulations 
thereunder or official interpretations thereof, any agreement described in Section 1471(b)(1) of the 
Code, any intergovernmental agreement entered into between the United States and any other country 
in connection with the implementation of the foregoing, and any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules 
or official practices adopted pursuant to any such intergovernmental agreement (the "FATCA 
Withholding Tax Rules"); or 
(i) 
for or on account of any withholding tax or deduction imposed or collected pursuant to Section 871(m) 
of the Code. 
As used in these Conditions, "Relevant Date" in respect of any Security, Receipt or Coupon means the date 
on which payment in respect thereof first becomes due or (if any amount of the money payable is improperly 
withheld or refused) the date on which payment in full of the amount outstanding is made or (if earlier) the 
date on which notice is duly given to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 12 (Notices) 
that, upon further presentation of the Security (or relative Registered Security), Receipt or Coupon being made 
in accordance with the Conditions, such payment will be made, provided that payment is in fact made upon 
such presentation. References in these Conditions to (i) "principal" shall be deemed to include any premium 
payable in respect of the Securities, all Instalment Amounts, Redemption Amounts, Early Redemption 
Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts, Amortised Face Amounts and all other amounts in the nature of 
principal payable pursuant to General Condition 5 (Payments and Talons) as it may be supplemented from 
time to time, (ii) "interest" shall be deemed to include all Interest Amounts and all other amounts payable 
pursuant to the Payout Conditions or any supplement to it and (iii) "principal" and/or "interest" shall be 
deemed to include any additional amounts which may be payable under this General Condition 6 (Taxation). 
7. 
Prescription 
Where Securities are governed by the laws of Ontario and the federal laws of Canada:  
Claims against the Bank for payment in respect of the Securities, and related Receipts and Coupons shall be 
prescribed and become void unless made within two (2) years from the date on which such Securities, Receipts 
and Coupons first became redeemable or due and payable. 
Where Securities are governed by English law:  
Claims against the Bank for payment in respect of the Securities, and related Receipts and Coupons shall be 
prescribed and become void unless made within ten (10) years (in the case of principal) and five years (in the

--- Page 133 ---
General Conditions 
 
 
129 
 
case of interest) from the date on which the relevant Securities, Receipts and Coupons (as applicable) first 
became redeemable or due and payable. 
Where Securities are governed by French law:  
Claims against the Bank for payment in respect of the Securities shall be prescribed and become void unless 
made within ten (10) years (in the case of principal) or five (5) years (in the case of interest) from the date on 
which the relevant Securities first became redeemable or due and payable. 
8. 
Events of Default 
If any of the following events (each, an "Event of Default") occurs and is continuing, the holder of any 
Security may give written notice to the Fiscal Agent at its specified office that such Security is immediately 
repayable, whereupon the Early Redemption Amount (which unless otherwise provided in a Pricing 
Supplement is 100 per cent. of its Notional Amount) of such Security together with accrued interest to the date 
of payment shall become immediately due and payable: 
(a) 
default is made for more than 30 Business Days (as defined in Payout Condition 1 (General 
Definitions)) in the payment on the due date of interest or principal in respect of any of the Securities; 
or 
(b) 
the Bank shall become insolvent or bankrupt or subject to the provisions of the Winding-up and 
Restructuring Act (Canada) or any statute hereafter enacted in substitution therefor, as such Act, or 
substituted Act, may be amended from time to time, or if the Bank goes into liquidation, either 
voluntary or under an order of a court of competent jurisdiction, passes a resolution for the winding-
up, liquidation or dissolution of the Bank, is ordered wound-up or otherwise acknowledges its 
insolvency. 
Securityholders may only exercise rights under this General Condition 8 in respect of Bail-inable Securities 
where an order has not been made pursuant to subsection 39.13(1) of the CDIC Act in respect of the Bank. 
Notwithstanding the exercise of any rights by Securityholders under this General Condition 8 in respect of 
Bail-inable Securities, Bail-inable Securities will continue to be subject to conversion in whole or in part – by 
means of a transaction or series of transactions and in one or more steps – into common shares under subsection 
39.2(2.3) of the CDIC Act prior to their repayment in full. A conversion of Bail-inable Securities into common 
shares under subsection 39.2(2.3) of the CDIC Act will not be an Event of Default. By its acquisition of the 
Bail-inable Securities, each holder (including each holder of a beneficial interest in any Bail-inable Security), 
to the extent permitted by law, waives any and all claims, in law and/or in equity, against the Fiscal Agent (in 
each case solely in its capacity as Fiscal Agent), for, agrees not to initiate a suit against the Fiscal Agent in 
respect of, and agrees that the Fiscal Agent shall not be liable for, any action that the Fiscal Agent takes, or 
abstains from taking, in either case in accordance with the conversion of Bail-inable Securities into common 
shares under subsection 39.2(2.3) of the CDIC Act. 
9. 
Meeting and Consents of Securityholders and Modifications 
9.1 
Holders of Materialised Securities 
(a) 
Meetings and Consents of Securityholders 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of Securityholders (including at a physical 
location or by means of an electronic platform (such as a conference call or videoconference) or a combination 
of such methods) to consider any matter affecting their interest, including modification by Extraordinary 
Resolution of the Securities (including these Conditions insofar as the same may apply to such Securities). The 
quorum for any meeting convened to consider an Extraordinary Resolution shall be one or more persons 
holding or representing a clear majority in notional amount of the Securities for the time being outstanding, or 
at any adjourned meeting one or more persons holding or representing Securityholders whatever the notional 
amount of the Securities so represented, unless the business of such meeting includes consideration of 
proposals, inter alia, to (i) amend the dates of maturity or redemption of the Securities, any Instalment Date or

--- Page 134 ---
General Conditions 
 
 
130 
 
any date for payment of interest thereon or Interest Amounts on the Securities, (ii) reduce or cancel the Notional 
Amount or any Instalment Amount of, or any premium payable on redemption of, the Securities, (iii) reduce 
the rate or rates of interest in respect of the Securities or vary the method or basis of calculating the Interest 
Amount in the respect thereof, (iv) if a Minimum Rate of Interest and/or a Maximum Rate of Interest is shown 
herein, reduce any such Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest, (v) change any method 
of calculating the Early Redemption Amount, Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount, or in the 
case of Zero Coupon Securities, vary the method of calculating the Amortised Face Amount in respect thereof, 
(vi) change the currency or currencies of payment or denomination of the Securities, (vii) modify the provisions 
concerning the quorum required at any meeting of Securityholders or the majority required to pass the 
Extraordinary Resolution or (viii) modify or eliminate any of matters (i) through (vii) inclusive above, in which 
case the necessary quorum shall be one or more persons holding or representing not less than seventy-five per 
cent., or at any adjourned meeting, not less than twenty-five per cent., in notional amount of the Securities for 
the time being outstanding. 
The consent or approval of the Securityholders shall not be required in the case of amendments to the 
Conditions pursuant to the Underlying Specific Conditions - Interest Benchmark Linked Conditions to vary 
the method or basis of calculating the rate or rates or amount of interest or the basis for calculating any Interest 
Amount in respect of the Securities or for any other variation of these Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement 
required to be made in the circumstances described in the Underlying Specific Conditions - Interest Benchmark 
Linked Conditions, where the Issuer has delivered to the Fiscal Agent a certificate pursuant to the Underlying 
Specific Conditions - Interest Benchmark Linked Conditions. 
The term "Extraordinary Resolution" is defined in the Agency Agreement to mean (a) a resolution passed at 
a duly convened meeting of the holders of Securities by a majority consisting of not less than three-fourths of 
the votes cast thereon, (b) a resolution in writing signed by the holders of not less than three-fourths in Notional 
Amount of the Securities outstanding, or (c) consents given by electronic consents through the relevant clearing 
systems by or on behalf of Securityholders of not less than three-fourths in Notional Amount of the Securities 
outstanding, the whole in accordance with the procedures set out in the Agency Agreement. An Extraordinary 
Resolution duly passed shall be binding on all Securityholders (whether present or not at the meeting or 
whether or not they participated in such written resolution or consented electronically) and on all relevant 
Couponholders. 
(b) 
Modifications 
The Bank shall only permit, without consent of the Securityholders: 
(i) 
any modification of, or any waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed breach of or any 
failure to comply with, the Agency Agreement, if to do so could not reasonably be expected 
to be prejudicial to the interests of the Securityholders; or 
(ii) 
any modification of the Conditions, Securities or Coupons which is of a formal, minor or 
technical nature or is made to correct a manifest error or to comply with mandatory provisions 
of the law. 
9.2 
Holders of Dematerialised Securities  
Subject to the provisions of Condition 9.2(i) below with respect to Securities issued with a denomination of 
less than EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency), the Securityholders will, in respect of all 
Tranches of the relevant Series, be grouped automatically for the defence of their common interests in a masse 
(the "Masse") which will be governed by the provisions of Articles L.228-46 et seq. of the French Commercial 
Code (Code de commerce) as supplemented by this Condition 9.2. 
(a) 
Legal Personality 
The Masse will be a separate legal entity and will act in part through a representative (the 
"Representative") and in part through collective decisions of the Securityholders (the "Collective 
Decisions").

--- Page 135 ---
General Conditions 
 
 
131 
 
(b) 
Representative 
The names and addresses of the Representative and its alternate (if any), will be set out in the relevant 
Issue Terms. 
The Representative will be entitled to such remuneration in connection with its functions or duties as 
set out in the relevant Issue Terms. No additional remuneration is payable in relation to any subsequent 
Tranche of any given Series. 
In the event of death, liquidation, retirement, resignation or revocation of appointment of the 
Representative, such Representative will be replaced by its alternate, if any. Another Representative 
may be appointed. 
All interested parties will at all times have the right to obtain the names and addresses of the 
Representative and the alternate Representative (if any) at the head office of the Issuer. 
(c) 
Powers of the Representative 
The Representative shall (in the absence of any Collective Decision to the contrary) have the power to 
take all acts of management necessary in order to defend the common interests of the Securityholders, 
with the capacity to delegate its powers. 
(d) 
Collective Decisions 
Collective Decisions are adopted either in a general meeting (the "General Meeting") or by 
unanimous consent of the Securityholders following a written consultation (the "Written Unanimous 
Decision"). 
(e) 
Expenses 
The Issuer shall pay all expenses relating to the operations of the Masse, including all expenses relating 
to the calling and holding of Collective Decisions and, more generally, all administrative expenses 
resolved upon by Collective Decisions, it being expressly stipulated that no expenses may be imputed 
against interest payable under the Securities. 
(f) 
Single Masse 
Securityholders of the same Series, and the Securityholders of any other Series which have been 
consolidated (assimilables for the purpose of French law) with the Securities of such first mentioned 
Series in accordance with Condition 11, shall, for the defence of their respective common interests, be 
grouped in a single Masse. The Representative appointed in respect of the first Tranche of any Series 
of Securities will be the Representative of the single Masse of all subsequent Tranches in such Series. 
(g) 
Sole Securityholder 
If and for so long as the Securities of any Series are held by a sole Securityholder and unless a 
Representative has been appointed in relation to such Series, such Securityholder shall exercise all 
powers, rights and obligations entrusted to the Representative and to the Securityholders acting 
through Collective Decisions by the provisions of the French Commercial Code (Code de commerce). 
From the date of appointment of the Representative in relation to any Series, if and for so long as the 
Securities of such Series are held by a sole Securityholder, such Securityholder shall exercise all 
powers, rights and obligations entrusted to the Securityholders acting through Collective Decisions by 
the provisions of the French Commercial Code (Code de commerce). 
The Issuer shall hold a register of the decisions taken by the sole Securityholder in this capacity and 
shall make it available, upon request, to any subsequent holder of any of the Securities of such Series.

--- Page 136 ---
General Conditions 
 
 
132 
 
(h) 
Notices to Securityholders 
Any notice to be given to Securityholders in accordance with this Condition 9.2 shall be given in 
accordance with Condition 12. 
(i) 
Full Masse 
For Securities issued with a denomination of less than EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent in any other 
currency), Condition 9.2 shall apply to the Securities subject to the following modifications: 
(i) 
The following paragraph is inserted at the end of Condition 9(d): 
"General Meetings may deliberate validly on first convocation only if the Securityholders 
present or represented hold at least one-fifth (1/5) of the principal amount of the Securities 
then outstanding. On second convocation, no quorum shall be required. The decisions of the 
General Meeting shall be taken by a two-third (2/3) majority of votes held by the 
Securityholders attending such General Meeting or represented thereat." 
(ii) 
Except if the Final Terms specify "Issue outside France" as applicable, Condition 11(e) shall 
be deleted and replaced by the following: 
"(e) Expenses 
The Issuer shall pay all expenses relating to the operations of the Masse, including all expenses 
relating to the calling and holding of Collective Decisions and, more generally, all 
administrative expenses resolved upon by Collective Decisions." 
In this Condition 9.2, the expression "outstanding" shall not include the Securities subscribed or purchased by 
the Issuer which are held by the Issuer and not cancelled in accordance with applicable laws and regulations 
as referred to in Condition 4.10 (Redemption Irrevocable). 
In addition, the terms and conditions of Securities governed by French law and issued with a specified 
denomination of at least EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) or which can only be traded in 
amounts of at least EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) may be amended by the Issuer 
without the consent of the Securityholders to correct a manifest error. 
9.3 
Bail-inable Securities 
Notwithstanding anything in this General Condition 9, where any amendment, modification or other variance 
that can be made to Bail-inable Securities may affect their recognition by the Superintendent as TLAC, that 
amendment, modification or variance will require the prior approval of the Superintendent. 
10. 
Replacement of Materialised Securities, Registered Securities, Receipts, Coupons 
and Talons 
Where Securities are governed by (i) the laws of Ontario and the federal laws of Canada or (ii) English law:  
If a Security, Registered Security, Receipt, Coupon or Talon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it 
may be replaced, subject to applicable laws and stock exchange regulations, at the specified office of the Fiscal 
Agent (in the case of the Bearer Securities, Receipts, Coupons or Talons) and the Registrar (in the case of 
Registered Securities) or such other Paying Agent or Transfer Agent, as the case may be, as may from time to 
time be designated by the Bank for the purpose and notice of whose designation is given to Securityholders in 
accordance with General Condition 12 (Notices), in each case on payment by the claimant of the fees and costs 
incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence, security and indemnity (which may provide, 
inter alia, that if the allegedly lost, stolen or destroyed Security, Registered Security, Receipt, Coupon or Talon 
is subsequently presented for payment or, as the case may be, for exchange for further Coupons, there will be 
paid to the Bank on demand the amount payable by the Bank in respect of such Securities, Registered

--- Page 137 ---
General Conditions 
 
 
133 
 
Securities, Receipts, Coupons or further Coupons) and otherwise as the Bank may require. Mutilated or 
defaced Securities, Registered Securities, Receipts, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before 
replacements will be issued. 
11. 
Further Issues 
The Bank may from time to time without the consent of the Securityholders create and issue further securities 
having the same terms and conditions as the Securities and so that the same shall be consolidated and form a 
single series with such Securities, and references in these Conditions to "Securities" shall be construed 
accordingly. 
12. 
Notices 
(a) 
Notices to the holders of Registered Securities and to the holders of Dematerialised Securities in 
registered form (au nominatif) will be mailed or sent by electronic mail to them at their respective 
addresses in the Register and deemed to have been given on the fourth weekday (being a day other 
than a Saturday or Sunday) after the date of mailing. Notices to the holders of Registered Securities 
which are listed on the Official List and admitted to trading on the Regulated Market or the Euro MTF 
Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (so long as such Securities are listed on the Official List 
and admitted to trading on the Regulated Market or the Euro MTF Market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange and the rules of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange so require) may also be published in a 
daily newspaper with general circulation in Luxembourg (which is expected to be the Luxemburger 
Wort) or on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange at www.luxse.com.  
(b) 
Notices to the holders of Bearer Securities will be valid if published in an English language daily 
newspaper of general circulation in Europe (which is expected to be the Financial Times). In the case 
of any Bearer Securities which are listed on the Official List and admitted to trading on the Regulated 
Market or the Euro MTF Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (so long as such Securities are 
listed on the Official List and admitted to trading on the Regulated Market or the Euro MTF Market 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the rules of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange so require), 
notices to the holders will be valid if (i) published in a daily newspaper with general circulation in 
Luxembourg (which is expected to be the Luxemburger Wort) or (ii) on the website of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange at www.luxse.com. The Bank shall also ensure that notices are duly published in 
compliance with the requirements of the rules of each stock exchange on which the Securities are 
listed, including publication on the website of the relevant stock exchange or relevant authority if 
required by those rules. Any notice so given will be deemed to have been validly given on the date of 
first such publication (or, if required to be published in more than one newspaper, on the first date on 
which publication shall have been made in all the required newspapers). 
(c) 
Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice to the 
holders of Bearer Securities in accordance with this General Condition 12 (Notices). 
(d) 
Notices required to be given to the holders of Dematerialised Securities (whether in registered or in 
bearer form) (au porteur or au nominatif) pursuant to these Conditions may be given by delivery of 
the relevant notice to Euroclear France S.A., Euroclear, Clearstream and any other clearing system 
through which the Securities are for the time being cleared in substitution for the mailing and 
publication as required by Condition 12 (a), above; provided that (i) so long as such Securities are 
admitted to trading on any Regulated Market(s) and the rules of that Regulated Market so require, 
notices shall also be published in a leading daily newspaper with general circulation in the city/ies 
where the Regulated Market(s) on which such Securities are admitted to trading, which in the case of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's Regulated Market is expected to be the Luxemburger Wort, and (ii) 
so long as such Securities are admitted to trading on any Regulated Market and the rules of such 
Regulated Market so require, on the website of the Regulated Market where the admission is sought,

--- Page 138 ---
General Conditions 
 
 
134 
 
which in the case of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange is expected to be the website of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com). 
(e) 
So long as any Series of Materialised Securities are represented by a Global Security and such Global 
Security is held on behalf of a clearing system, notices to Securityholders of that Series may be given 
by delivery of the relevant notice to that clearing system for communication by it to entitled 
accountholders in substitution for publication as required above and such notice shall be deemed to be 
delivered to Securityholders on the date of delivery to the relevant clearing system except that so long 
as the Securities are listed on the Official List and admitted to trading on the Regulated Market or the 
Euro MTF Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, or listed on another stock exchange or 
admitted to listing by any other relevant authority, the requirements of the relevant stock exchange or 
authority with respect to publication of notices and notification to Securityholders have been complied 
with. 
13. 
Waiver of set-off and netting rights 
No Securityholder or beneficial owner of an interest in the Bail-inable Securities may exercise, or direct the 
exercise, claim or plead any right of set-off, netting, compensation or retention in respect of any amount owed 
to it by the Bank arising under, or in connection with, the Bail-inable Securities, and each Securityholder or 
beneficial owner of an interest in the Bail-inable Securities shall, by virtue of its acquisition of any Bail-inable 
Security (or an interest therein), be deemed to have irrevocably and unconditionally waived all such rights of 
set-off, netting, compensation or retention. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any amounts due and payable to 
any Securityholder or beneficial owner of an interest in the Bail-inable Securities by the Bank in respect of, or 
arising under, the Bail-inable Securities are purportedly discharged by set-off, netting, compensation or 
retention, without limitation to any other rights and remedies of the Bank under applicable law, such 
Securityholder or beneficial owner of an interest shall be deemed to receive an amount equal to the amount of 
such discharge and, until such time as payment of such amount is made, shall hold such amount in trust for the 
Bank and, accordingly, any such discharge shall be deemed not to have taken place and such set-off, netting, 
compensation or retention shall be ineffective. 
14. 
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 
No person shall have any rights to enforce any Condition of any Securities governed by English law under the 
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999, but this does not affect any right or remedy of any person which 
exists or is available apart from that Act. 
15. 
Governing Law; Submission to Jurisdiction 
15.1 
Governing Law 
Unless English law or French law is specified as being Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the Securities, 
the Receipts, the Coupons, and the Talons are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, the 
laws of the Province of Ontario and the federal laws of Canada applicable therein. 
Where English law is specified as being Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the relevant Securities, the 
related Receipts, Coupons and Talons, and the Deed of Covenant, and any non-contractual obligations arising 
out of or in connection with them, shall be governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English 
law, except as provided in General Condition 3.2 (Bail-inable Securities) and the last paragraph of this General 
Condition 15.1. 
Where French law is specified as being Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the relevant Securities shall 
be governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, the laws of France, except as provided in General 
Condition 3.2 (Bail-inable Securities) and the last paragraph of this General Condition 15.1. 
Notwithstanding anything in these Conditions or the applicable Issue Terms, General Condition 3.2 (Bail-
inable Securities) and the first paragraph under the heading "Jurisdiction" below in respect of Bail-inable

--- Page 139 ---
General Conditions 
 
 
135 
 
Securities, shall be governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the Province of Ontario 
and the federal laws of Canada applicable therein. 
15.2 
Jurisdiction 
For the avoidance of doubt, by its acquisition of an interest in any Bail-inable Securities, each Securityholder 
or beneficial owner of any Bail-inable Securities is deemed to attorn to the jurisdiction of the courts in the 
Province of Ontario with respect to the CDIC Act and the laws of the Province of Ontario and the federal laws 
of Canada applicable therein in respect of the operation of the CDIC Act with respect to the Bail-inable 
Securities. 
Where Securities are governed by English law:  
Subject to General Condition 3.2 (Bail-inable Securities), the last paragraph of General Condition 15.1 
(Governing Law) above and the preceding paragraph, the Issuer irrevocably agrees that the English courts have 
jurisdiction to settle any dispute arising out of or in connection with any such Securities, Receipts, Coupons 
or Talons, including any dispute as to their existence, validity, interpretation, performance, breach or 
termination or the consequences of their nullity and any dispute relating to any non-contractual obligations 
arising out of or in connection with any such Securities, Receipts, Coupons and/or Talons (a "Dispute") and 
accordingly irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England and Wales. The Issuer 
agrees that the courts of England are the most appropriate and convenient courts to settle any Dispute and, 
accordingly, waives any objections to proceedings in such courts on the grounds that they have been brought 
in an inconvenient forum. 
The paragraph above is for the benefit of the relevant holders only. As a result, subject to the last paragraph of 
General Condition 15.1 (Governing Law) above and the first paragraph of this General Condition 15.2, nothing 
in this General Condition 15 (Governing Law; Submission to Jurisdiction) prevents any relevant holder from 
taking proceedings relating to a Dispute ("Proceedings") in any other courts with jurisdiction. To the extent 
allowed by law, such relevant holders may take concurrent Proceedings in any number of jurisdictions. 
The Issuer irrevocably agrees that service of process in any such proceedings in England in relation to any 
Dispute shall be deemed completed on delivery to its branch at 11th Floor, 70 St. Mary Axe, London EC3A 
8BE, England. If for any reason such branch ceases to be able to act as such or no longer has an address in 
London, the Issuer irrevocably agrees to appoint another person as its agent for service of process in England 
in respect of any Dispute and shall immediately notify holders of such appointment in accordance with General 
Condition 12 (Notices). Nothing shall affect the right to serve process in any manner permitted by law. 
Where Securities are governed by French law:  
Subject to General Condition 3.2 (Bail-inable Securities), the last paragraph of General Condition 15.1 
(Governing Law) above and the first paragraph of this General Condition 15.2, the parties agree that the 
jurisdiction of the Cour d'Appel of Paris is to have non-exclusive jurisdiction to settle any disputes which may 
arise out of or in connection with the Securities.

--- Page 140 ---
Payout Conditions for Structured Securities  
 
136 
 
PAYOUT CONDITIONS FOR STRUCTURED SECURITIES 
 
These Payout Conditions for Structured Securities apply to Structured Securities and Hybrid Securities that 
include certain Features of Structured Securities, in accordance with the related elections made in the Issue 
Terms. 
The following is the text of the terms regarding payouts under the Securities (the "Payout Conditions") which 
have been categorised into different features which may be combined by choosing applicable features in the 
Issue Terms to form the set of features applicable to the relevant Security. These categories are as follows: 
No. 
Payout Condition 
Page No. 
1. 
General Definitions 
137 
2. 
Coupon Features 
139 
3. 
Call, Securityholders Optional Early Redemption and Knock-in Features 
164 
4. 
Quanto and Compo Features 
168 
5. 
Downside Features 
169 
6. 
Underlying Features of Structured Securities 
171 
7. 
Redemption Features of Structured Securities 
174 
In order to illustrate how the different features may be combined to form one set of Payout Conditions, please 
find below an illustrative example of possible combinations: 
Example of possible combinations: 
General Definitions 
Always applicable 
Coupon Features 
Conditional Coupon Payments (with Memory) 
Call, Securityholders Optional Early Redemption 
and Knock-in Features 
Automatic Early Redemption 
Quanto and Compo Features 
Non-Quanto 
Downside Features 
Barrier Securities 
Underlying Features of Structured Securities 
Worst-of 
Redemption Features of Structured Securities 
Income

--- Page 141 ---
Payout Conditions for Structured Securities 
General Definitions 
 
137 
 
1. 
General Definitions 
"Additional Business Centre" will be specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Business Day" means: 
(i) 
a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets 
settle payments and are open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in the principal financial centre for that currency and each other place (if any) 
specified in the Issue Terms as an Additional Business Centre and if T2 is specified as an Additional 
Business Centre, a T2 Business Day; 
(ii) 
in the case of Euro as Specified Currency or Underlying Currency, a day (other than a Saturday or 
Sunday) on which the T2 System is operating for the purposes of settlements of payments in euro (a 
"T2 Business Day") and on which commercial banks are open for business in each place (if any) 
specified in the Issue Terms as an Additional Business Centre; and/or 
(iii) 
in the case of Renminbi as Specified Currency or Underlying Currency, a day (other than a Saturday 
or Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets are open for business and 
settlement of Renminbi payments in each Relevant Renminbi Settlement Centre (as defined below) 
and each other place (if any) specified in the Issue Terms as an Additional Business Centre. 
"Calculation Agent" means the Issuer or such other entity as may be specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
as the Calculation Agent (provided that neither Citibank Europe plc nor any of its affiliates will be appointed 
as calculation agent where ISDA Determination is applicable). 
"Call, Securityholders Optional Early Redemption and Knock-in Feature" will be specified in the Issue 
Terms. 
"Coupons" refers collectively to Conditional Coupon Payments, Conditional Coupon Payments (with 
Memory), Conditional Coupon Payments (with Lock-in) and Fixed Coupon Payments. 
"Coupon Feature" will be specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Downside Feature" will be specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Market Disruption Event" has the meaning given to it in Underlying Specific Conditions. 
"Product Type" will be specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Quanto/Compo Feature" will be specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Redemption Date" will be specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Redemption Feature" will be specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Reference Rate" means the Interest Benchmark used as reference for the Floating Coupons or Reference 
Price in the Coupon Features. 
"Relevant Renminbi Settlement Centre" means each of the jurisdiction(s) specified as such in the applicable 
Issue Terms or if no Relevant Renminbi Settlement Centre is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
Relevant Renminbi Settlement Centre shall mean Hong Kong only. 
"Specified Currency" means the currency in which the Security is denominated, as specified in the Issue 
Terms. 
"T2 System" means the Real-Time Gross Settlement System operated by the Eurosystem (T2) (or any 
successor system thereto).

--- Page 142 ---
Payout Conditions for Structured Securities 
General Definitions 
 
138 
 
"Underlying" means the Share(s), Index(ices), ETF Share(s), Currency Exchange Rate(s), Commodity(ies) 
(or Commodity Index(ices)), Fund(s), Inflation Indices, Future(s) or Reference Rates as Interest Benchmarks 
specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Underlying Feature" will be specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Underlying Currency" means, with respect to an Underlying, the currency in which the Underlying is 
denominated, as specified in the Issue Terms or with respect to a Currency Exchange Rate only, the currency 
so specified in the Issue Terms.

--- Page 143 ---
Payout Conditions for Structured Securities 
Coupon Features 
 
139 
 
2. 
Coupon Features 
The Issue Terms will indicate the Coupon Feature applicable to the Securities. The following Coupon Features 
may be specified in the Issue Terms: 
2.1 
No Coupon Payments 
If the Issue Terms specify "No Coupon Payments" as "applicable", the Securityholder will receive no payments 
related to Coupons under the Securities. 
2.2 
Structured Coupon Payments 
If the Issue Terms specify "Structured Coupon Payments" as "applicable", the Securityholder will receive 
Coupons which are payable according to the performance of the Underlying. Structured Coupon Payments 
will be paid on each Coupon Payment Date. The amount of each Structured Coupon Payment will be calculated 
with respect to the relevant Coupon Valuation Date or each Coupon Valuation Date within the Coupon 
Valuation Period, as specified in the Issue Terms, in accordance with the following formula specified in the 
Issue Terms: 
Standard 
Structured 
Coupon 
Notional Amount x Coupon Amount x Min {Max [Leverage x Underlying 
Reference; Floor]; Cap} 
Call Spread 
Notional Amount x Coupon Amount x (Spread1 – Spread2) 
Where: 
"Spread1" is calculated according to the following formula: 
Min {Max [Reference Price – Barrier1; Floor]; Cap} / Constant1 
"Spread2" is calculated according to the following formula: 
Min {Max [Reference Price – Barrier2; Floor]; Cap} / Constant2 
"Barrier1" will be specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Barrier2" will be specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Constant1" will be specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Constant2" will be specified in the Issue Terms. 
Range Accrual 
Notional Amount x Reference Price x n
N 
"n" means, in relation to a Range Accrual Period, the number of Business Days 
in the relevant Range Accrual Period on which the Reference Price in relation to 
the respective Underlying is fixed either (i) at or (ii) at or above, depending on 
which is specified in the Issue Terms, the respective Range Accrual Floor and (i) 
at or (ii) at or below, depending on which is specified in the Issue Terms, the 
respective Range Accrual Cap. The Issue Terms may set out more than one 
relevant Underlying and may also set out more than one respective Range Accrual 
Floor and Range Accrual Cap. 
"N" means, in relation to a Range Accrual Period, the number of Business Days 
in the relevant Range Accrual Period.

--- Page 144 ---
Payout Conditions for Structured Securities 
Coupon Features 
 
140 
 
"Range Accrual Cap" means the cap specified as such in the Issue Terms, if 
applicable. 
"Range Accrual Floor" means the floor specified as such in the Issue Terms, if 
applicable. 
"Range Accrual Period" means the period from the last Coupon Valuation Date 
preceding the relevant Coupon Valuation Date to the relevant Coupon Valuation 
Date. 
Inflation Linked Type 1 
Notional Amount x Coupon Amount x (Indexn / Index0) 
Inflation Linked Type 2 
Notional Amount x Coupon Amount x Max[Floor; (Indexn / Index0 – 1) + 
Margin] 
 
Where with respect to both Inflation Linked Type 1 and Inflation Linked Type 2: 
"Index0" means the value of the Reference Index in respect of the Issue Date. 
"Indexn" means, with respect to a Coupon Valuation Date, the value of the 
Reference Index in respect of that Coupon Valuation Date. 
"Reference Index" is calculated by the Calculation Agent with respect to a day 
d within month D according to the following formula: 
Reference PriceA + d −1
D
 x (Reference Price𝐁−Reference PriceA)  
"Reference PriceA" means the Reference Price for the month which is three 
months prior to that being calculated. 
"Reference PriceB" means the Reference Price for the month which is two 
months prior to that being calculated. 
"d" means the number of the day of the month in respect of which the Reference 
Index is being calculated. 
"D" means the total number of days in the month m in respect of which the 
Reference Index is being calculated. 
2.3 
Conditional Coupon Payments 
If the Issue Terms specify "Conditional Coupon Payments" as "applicable", the Securityholder will receive 
Coupons which are payable if the Coupon Observation Value of the Underlying on the applicable Coupon 
Valuation Date or on each Coupon Valuation Date within the Coupon Valuation Period, as specified in the 
Issue Terms, is: 
(i) greater than, (ii) greater than or equal to, (iii) lower than or (iv) lower than or equal to, depending on 
which is specified as the Condition for the Conditional Coupon Barrier in the Issue Terms,  
a relevant Conditional Coupon Barrier (the "Coupon Condition"),  
and, if specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, also:  
(i) greater than, (ii) greater than or equal to, (iii) lower than or (iv) lower than or equal to, depending on 
which is specified as the Condition for the Additional Conditional Coupon Barrier in the Issue Terms,  
a relevant Additional Conditional Coupon Barrier.

--- Page 145 ---
Payout Conditions for Structured Securities 
Coupon Features 
 
141 
 
If a Conditional Coupon Payment is payable, it will be paid on the related Coupon Payment Date. The 
Conditional Coupon Rate applicable to each Conditional Coupon Payment will be specified in the Issue Terms 
which may set out multiple Conditional Coupon Barriers with corresponding Conditional Coupon Rates with 
respect to a single Coupon Valuation Date. 
2.4 
Conditional Coupon Payments (with Memory) 
If the Issue Terms specify "Conditional Coupon Payments (with Memory)" as "applicable", the Securityholder 
will receive Coupons at the Conditional Coupon Rate which are payable if the Coupon Observation Value of 
the Underlying on the applicable Coupon Valuation Date or on each Coupon Valuation Date within the Coupon 
Valuation Period, as specified in the Issue Terms, is:  
(i) greater than, (ii) greater than or equal to, (iii) lower than or (iv) lower than or equal to, depending on 
which is specified as the Condition for the Conditional Coupon Barrier in the Issue Terms,  
its Conditional Coupon Barrier (the "Coupon Condition"), 
and, if specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, also:  
(i) greater than, (ii) greater than or equal to, (iii) lower than or (iv) lower than or equal to, depending on 
which is specified as the Condition for the Additional Conditional Coupon Barrier in the Issue Terms,  
a relevant Additional Conditional Coupon Barrier.  
If a Conditional Coupon Payment is payable, it will be paid on the related Coupon Payment Date. If any 
Conditional Coupon Payment is not payable on a Coupon Payment Date, such missed Conditional Coupon 
Payment(s) will be payable on the next subsequent Coupon Payment Date that a Conditional Coupon Payment 
is payable with respect to such date, if any. The Conditional Coupon Rate applicable to the Conditional Coupon 
Payment (with Memory) applicable to a single Coupon Payment Date will be specified in the Issue Terms. 
The Conditional Coupon Payment (with Memory) payable on any Coupon Payment Date will be calculated as 
follows: (i) the product of the Conditional Coupon Rate applicable to a single Coupon Payment Date times the 
number of all Coupon Payment Dates up to the relevant Coupon Payment Date (inclusive of the relevant 
Coupon Payment Date) minus (ii) the sum of all Conditional Coupon Payments (with Memory) previously 
paid. 
2.5 
Conditional Coupon Payments (with Lock-in) 
If the Issue Terms specify "Conditional Coupon Payments (with Lock-in)" as "applicable", the Securityholder 
will receive Coupons which are payable if the Coupon Observation Value of the Underlying on the applicable 
Coupon Valuation Date or on each Coupon Valuation Date within the Coupon Valuation Period, as specified 
in the Issue Terms, is:  
(i) greater than, (ii) greater than or equal to, (iii) lower than or (iv) lower than or equal to, depending on 
which is specified as the Condition for the Conditional Coupon Barrier in the Issue Terms,  
its Conditional Coupon Barrier (the "Coupon Condition"),  
and, if specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, also:  
(i) greater than, (ii) greater than or equal to, (iii) lower than or (iv) lower than or equal to, depending on 
which is specified as the Condition for the Additional Conditional Coupon Barrier in the Issue Terms,  
a relevant Additional Conditional Coupon Barrier.  
If a Conditional Coupon Payment is payable, it will be paid on the related Coupon Payment Date. The 
Conditional Coupon Rate applicable to each Conditional Coupon Payment (with Lock-in) will be specified in 
the Issue Terms.

--- Page 146 ---
Payout Conditions for Structured Securities 
Coupon Features 
 
142 
 
If on any Lock-in Date a Lock-in Event occurs, the Securityholder will receive Coupons on the related Coupon 
Payment Date and any remaining Coupon Payment Dates following that related Coupon Payment Date 
regardless of the performance of the Underlying. 
2.6 
Conditional Coupon Payments (with Memory and/or Lock-in) 
If the Issue Terms specify "Conditional Coupon Payments (with Memory and/or Lock-in)" as "applicable", the 
Securityholder will receive Coupons at the Conditional Coupon Rate which are payable if the Coupon 
Observation Value of the Underlying on the applicable Coupon Valuation Date or on each Coupon Valuation 
Date within the Coupon Valuation Period, as specified in the Issue Terms, is:  
(i) greater than, (ii) greater than or equal to, (iii) lower than or (iv) lower than or equal to, depending on 
which is specified as the Condition for the Conditional Coupon Barrier in the Issue Terms,  
its Conditional Coupon Barrier (the "Coupon Condition"),  
and, if specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, also:  
(i) greater than, (ii) greater than or equal to, (iii) lower than or (iv) lower than or equal to, depending on 
which is specified as the Condition for the Additional Conditional Coupon Barrier in the Issue Terms,  
a relevant Additional Conditional Coupon Barrier.  
If a Conditional Coupon Payment is payable, it will be paid on the related Coupon Payment Date.  
If any Conditional Coupon Payment is not payable on a Coupon Payment Date, such missed Conditional 
Coupon Payment(s) will be payable on the next subsequent Coupon Payment Date that a Conditional Coupon 
Payment is payable with respect to such date, if any. The Conditional Coupon Rate applicable to the 
Conditional Coupon Payment (with Memory and Lock-.in) applicable to a single Coupon Payment Date will 
be specified in the Issue Terms. 
The Conditional Coupon Payment (with Memory and/or Lock-in) payable on any Coupon Payment Date will 
be calculated as follows: (i) the product of the Conditional Coupon Rate applicable to a single Coupon Payment 
Date times the number of all Coupon Payment Dates up to the relevant Coupon Payment Date (inclusive of 
the relevant Coupon Payment Date) minus (ii) the sum of all Conditional Coupon Payments (with Memory 
and Lock-in) previously paid. 
If on any Lock-in Date, a Lock-in Event occurs, the Securityholder will receive Coupons on the related Coupon 
Payment Date and any remaining Coupon Payment Dates following that related Coupon Payment Date 
regardless of the performance of the Underlying. 
2.7 
Fixed Coupon Payments 
(a) 
Payment of Interest 
If the Issue Terms specify "Fixed Coupon Payments" as "applicable", the Securityholder will receive Coupons 
which are payable regardless of the performance of the Underlying. Fixed Coupon Payments will be paid on 
each Coupon Payment Date at the rate(s) per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Fixed Rate(s) 
specified in the Issue Terms. The amount of each Fixed Coupon Payment will be specified in the Issue Terms.  
(b) 
Broken Amounts 
If a Fixed Coupon Amount or a Broken Amount is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the amount of 
interest payable on each Coupon Payment Date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount or, if applicable, the 
Broken Amount so specified and in the case of the Broken Amount, will be payable on the particular Coupon 
Payment Date(s) specified in the applicable Issue Terms.

--- Page 147 ---
Payout Conditions for Structured Securities 
Coupon Features 
 
143 
 
(c) 
Calculations 
The Coupon Payment Amount payable per Notional Amount in respect of any Security for any period shall be 
equal to the product of the Rate of Interest, the Notional Amount and the Day Count Fraction (if any) for such 
period, unless a Coupon Payment Amount (or a formula for its calculation) is specified in respect of such 
period, in which case the amount of interest payable per Notional Amount in respect of such Security for such 
period shall equal such Coupon Payment Amount (or be calculated in accordance with such formula). Where 
any Coupon Period comprises two or more Coupon Periods, the amount of interest payable per Notional 
Amount in respect of such Coupon Period will be the sum of the amounts of interest payable in respect of each 
of those Coupon Periods. 
2.8 
Floating Coupon Payments  
If the Issue Terms specify "Floating Coupon Payments" as "applicable", on each applicable Coupon Payment 
Date, the Securityholder will receive Coupons as set out in this section and completed in the Issue Terms. 
(a) 
Floating Coupon 
The Securities bear interest on their outstanding Notional Amount from (and including) the Coupon 
Commencement Date specified in the Issue Terms at the Floating Coupon by reference to the Interest 
Benchmark as Reference Rate ("Floating Coupon"). Floating Coupon Payments will be paid on each 
Coupon Payment Date respect of each Floating Coupon Period. 
The Issue Terms will indicate whether Screen Rate Determination or ISDA Determination is 
applicable to the Floating Rate of Interest. The Issue Terms will indicate the applicable Screen Rate 
Determination. 
(i) 
If any Coupon Margin or Coupon Multiplier is specified in the applicable Issue Terms (either 
(x) generally, or (y) in relation to one or more Floating Coupon Periods), an adjustment shall 
be made to all Floating Coupon, in the case of (x), or the Floating Coupon for the specified 
Floating Coupon Periods, in the case of (y), calculated by adding (if a positive number) or 
subtracting the absolute value (if a negative number) of such Coupon Margin or multiplying 
by such Coupon Multiplier, subject always to the next paragraph. 
(ii) 
If any Coupon Cap or Coupon Floor is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then any 
Floating Coupon shall be subject to such Coupon Cap or Coupon Floor, as the case may be. 
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the Coupon Floor shall be zero. 
(iii) 
For the purposes of any calculations required for the Floating Coupon (unless otherwise 
specified), (x) all percentages resulting from such calculations will be rounded, if necessary, 
to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with halves being rounded up), 
(y) all figures will be rounded to seven significant figures (with halves being rounded up) and 
(z) all currency amounts which fall due and payable will be rounded to the nearest unit of such 
currency (with halves being rounded up), save in the case of yen, which shall be rounded down 
to the nearest yen. For these purposes "unit" means, with respect to any currency other than 
euro, the lowest amount of such currency which is available as legal tender in the country of 
such currency and, with respect to euro means 0.01 euro. 
(b) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as being applicable in respect of a Floating Coupon Period in 
the applicable Issue Terms, the Floating Coupon for such Floating Coupon Period shall be calculated 
by the Calculation Agent by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the 
relevant Interest Benchmark (where Screen Rate Determination is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms) or the relevant Floating Rate Option (where ISDA Determination is specified 
as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms), one of which shall be determined as if the Designated 
Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the

--- Page 148 ---
Payout Conditions for Structured Securities 
Coupon Features 
 
144 
 
relevant Floating Coupon Period and the other of which rates are available next longer than the length 
of the relevant Floating Coupon Period, provided however that if there is no rate available for the 
period of time next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, then the Calculation Agent shall 
determine such rate at such time and by reference to such sources as it determines appropriate. 
(c) 
CMS Rate as applicable Interest Benchmark 
If the Issue Terms specify "CMS Rate" to be the applicable Interest Benchmark:  
the Floating Coupon for each Floating Coupon Period will be, subject to Interest Benchmark Linked 
Condition 2 (Temporary Non-Availability):  
(i) 
where "CMS Rate" is specified as the Applicable CMS Formula in the applicable Issue Terms, 
determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
CMS Rate + Margin 
(ii) 
where "Leveraged CMS Rate" is specified as the Applicable CMS Formula in the applicable 
Issue Terms, determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
Min {Max [Leverage x (CMS Rate + Margin); Floor]; Cap} 
(iii) 
where "Steepener CMS Rate" is specified as the Applicable CMS Formula in the applicable 
Issue Terms, determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
Min {Max [Leverage x (CMS Rate 1 – CMS Rate 2 + Margin); Floor]; Cap} 
(iv) 
where "Steepener CMS Rate, Leveraged and Capped" is specified as the Applicable CMS 
Formula in the applicable Issue Terms, determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to 
the following formula: 
Leverage x Min {Max [(CMS Rate A – CMS Rate B + Margin); Floor]; 
Cap} 
where: 
CMS Rate A = Leverage x Min {Max [(CMS Rate 1 + Margin (i)); Floor (i)]; Cap (i)} 
CMS Rate B = Leverage x Min {Max [(CMS Rate 2 + Margin (ii)); Floor (ii)]; Cap (ii)} 
 
(v) 
where "CMS1010 Option 1" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms: 
CMS Rate 2 + CMS Rate 2 x (1 + CMS Rate 2)D2 – CMS Rate 1 x (1 + CMS 
Rate 1)D1 – CMS Factor 
(vi) 
where "CMS1010 Option 2" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms: 
(DV01D2 x CMS Rate 2) −(DV01D1 x CMS Rate 1)
(DV01D2 −DV01D1)
−CMS Factor 
In addition: 
"Applicable CMS Formula" shall mean either CMS Rate, Leveraged CMS Rate (either 
Standard or Floor/Cap), Steepener CMS Rate (either Unleveraged or Leveraged), CMS1010 
Option 1, CMS1010 Option 2, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"CMS Factor" will be specified in the Issue Terms.

--- Page 149 ---
Payout Conditions for Structured Securities 
Coupon Features 
 
145 
 
"Cap", "Cap (i)", "Cap (ii)", "CMS Rate 1", "CMS Rate 2", "Designated Maturity", "Floor", 
"Floor (i)", "Floor (ii)", "Leverage", "Margin", "Margin (i)", "Margin (ii)" and "Reference 
Currency", if applicable, shall have the meanings given to those terms in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
"DV01D1"" means: ∑
1
(1+CMS Rate 1)𝑡
D1
𝑡=1
, where "t" is a series of whole numbers from one to D1, 
each representing the relevant year in chronological order from, and including, the first year in 
the D1 year maturity of the EUR swap transactions. 
"DV01D2"" means: ∑
1
(1+CMS Rate 2)𝑡
D2
𝑡=1
, where "t" is a series of whole numbers from one to D2, 
each representing the relevant year in chronological order from, and including, the first year in 
the D2 year maturity of the EUR swap transactions. 
(d) 
Accrual 
Floating Coupons will cease to accrue on each Security on the due date for redemption unless, upon 
due presentation, payment of principal is improperly withheld or refused, in which event interest will 
continue to accrue (as well after as before judgement) at the Floating Coupon in the manner provided 
in this Payout Condition 2 (Coupon Features) to the Relevant Date (as defined in General Condition 
6 (Taxation)). 
If the relevant Securities become due and payable, the final Underlying Determination Date shall, 
notwithstanding any Underlying Determination Date specified in the applicable Issue Terms, be 
deemed to be the date on which such Securities become due and payable and the Floating Coupon on 
such Securities shall, for so long as any such Security remains outstanding, be that determined on such 
date, and such Floating Coupon shall continue to apply to the Securities for so long as interest 
continues to accrue thereon. 
(e) 
Calculations 
The Floating Coupon Payments payable per Notional Amount in respect of any Security for any period 
shall be equal to the product of the Floating Coupon (adjusted as required by Payout Condition 2.8(a) 
(Floating Coupon)), the Notional Amount and the Day Count Fraction (if any) for such period. 
(f) 
Determination and Publication of Floating Coupon and Floating Coupon Payments 
As soon as practicable after the Relevant Time on each Underlying Determination Date or such other 
time on such date as the Calculation Agent may be required to calculate any rate or amount, obtain 
any quote or make any determination or calculation, it will determine such rates and calculate such 
amounts in respect of each Specified Denomination of the Securities for the relevant Floating Coupon 
Period, obtain such quote or make such determination or calculation, as the case may be, and cause the 
Floating Coupon Period and the Floating Coupon Payment for each Floating Coupon Period and the 
relevant Coupon Payment Date to be notified to the Fiscal Agent, the Registrar (if applicable), the 
Issuer, each of the Paying Agents, the Securityholders, any other Calculation Agent appointed in 
respect of the Securities which is to make a further calculation upon receipt of such information and, 
if the Securities are listed on a stock exchange and the rules of such exchange so requires, such 
exchange as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than (i) the commencement 
of the relevant Floating Coupon Period, if determined prior to such time, in the case of notification to 
such exchange of a Floating Coupon and Floating Coupon Payment, or (ii) in all other cases, the fourth 
Business Day after such determination (or in the case of Securities where the Interest Benchmark is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms as being SONIA, the second London Banking Day after such 
determination).  
The Floating Coupon Payment and the Coupon Payment Date so provided may subsequently be 
amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without notice in the 
event of an extension or shortening of the Floating Coupon Period.

--- Page 150 ---
Payout Conditions for Structured Securities 
Coupon Features 
 
146 
 
If the Securities become due and payable under General Condition 8 (Events of Default), the accrued 
interest and the Floating Coupon payable in respect of the Securities shall, save in the case of 
Compounded Daily SONIA for the purposes of Payout Condition 2.9(c) (Definitions applicable to 
Screen Rate Determination), nevertheless continue to be calculated as previously in accordance with 
this Payout Condition but no notification of the Floating Coupon or the Floating Coupon Payment so 
calculated need be made.  
The determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quote and the making of each 
determination or calculation by the Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final 
and binding upon all parties. 
2.9 
Definitions applicable to Screen Rate Determination 
If specified in the Issue Terms, the following terms apply for determining the Interest Benchmark for 
a relevant Coupon Period or other relevant period or date ("Applicable Period or Date"") on a Coupon 
Determining Date or any other Underlying Valuation Date ("Applicable Determination Date""), as 
the case may be: 
(a) 
If the Issue Terms specify "General Screen Rate" for the applicable Interest Benchmark:  
the Interest Benchmark for each Applicable Period or Date will be determined by the Calculation 
Agent at or about the Relevant Time on the Applicable Determination Date in respect of such 
Applicable Period or Date in accordance with the following, subject as provided in the Underlying 
Linked Conditions: 
(i) 
the Relevant Rate (where such Relevant Rate on such Screen Page is a composite quotation or 
is customarily supplied by one entity), or 
(ii) 
the arithmetic mean of the Relevant Rates of the persons whose Relevant Rates appear on that 
Screen Page, 
in each case appearing on such Screen Page at the Relevant Time on the Applicable Determination 
Date; 
(b) 
If the Issue Terms specify "SONIA" for the applicable Interest Benchmark and "Standard": 
the Interest Benchmark for each Applicable Period or Date will be determined by the Calculation 
Agent on the Applicable Determination Date in respect of such Interest Benchmark for each 
Applicable Period or Date based on the SONIA reference rate. 
Where: 
"SONIA reference rate", in respect of any London Banking Day, is a reference rate equal to 
the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA") rate for such London Banking Day as 
provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as then published on the 
Screen Page or, if the Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by such authorised 
distributors, in each case on the London Banking Day immediately following such London 
Banking Day; and "London Banking Day" or "LBD" means any day on which commercial 
banks are open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in London, United Kingdom. 
(c) 
If the Issue Terms specify "SONIA" to be the applicable Interest Benchmark and "Compounded Daily 
Rate": 
the Interest Benchmark for each Applicable Period or Date will be determined by the Calculation 
Agent on the Applicable Determination Date in respect of such Interest Benchmark for each 
Applicable Period or Date as Compounded Daily SONIA in accordance with the following, subject as 
provided in the Underlying Linked Conditions:

--- Page 151 ---
Payout Conditions for Structured Securities 
Coupon Features 
 
147 
 
"Compounded Daily SONIA" means, with respect to an Applicable Period or Date, the rate of return 
of a daily compound interest investment (with the daily Sterling overnight reference rate as reference 
rate for the calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent on the Applicable 
Determination Date, as follows, and the resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the fourth 
decimal place, with 0.00005 per cent. being rounded upwards: 
[∏(1 + Relevant SONIAi x ni
365
)
d0
i=1
−1]  x 365
d  
Where, for the purposes of this definition: 
"d" is the number of calendar days in: 
(A) 
where Lag is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Issue Terms, 
the Applicable Period or Date; or 
(B) 
where Shift is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the relevant SONIA Observation Period; 
"d0" is the number of London Banking Days in: 
(A) 
where Lag is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Issue Terms, 
the Applicable Period or Date; or 
(B) 
where Shift is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the relevant SONIA Observation Period; 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant London Banking 
Day in chronological order from, and including, the first London Banking Day in: 
(A) 
where Lag is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Issue Terms, 
the Applicable Period or Date; or 
(B) 
where Shift is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the relevant SONIA Observation Period; 
"London Banking Day" or "LBD" means any day on which commercial banks are open for 
general business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
London, United Kingdom; 
"ni", for any London Banking Day "i", means the number of calendar days from and including 
such London Banking Day "i" up to (but excluding) the following London Banking Day; 
"Observation Look-back Period" is as specified in the applicable Issue Terms and in no case 
shall be less than five London Business Days; 
"p" is the number of London Banking Days included in the Observation Look-back Period 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"Relevant SONIAi" means, in respect of any London Banking Day "i": 
(A) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Issue 
Terms, SONIAi-pLBD; or 
(B) 
where "Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Issue 
Terms, SONIAiLBD;

--- Page 152 ---
Payout Conditions for Structured Securities 
Coupon Features 
 
148 
 
"SONIAiLBD" means, in respect of any London Banking Day "i" the SONIA reference rate for 
such London Banking Day "i"; 
"SONIAi-pLBD" means, in respect of any London Banking Day "i" falling in the Applicable 
Period or Date, the SONIA reference rate for the London Banking Day falling "p" London 
Banking Days prior to the relevant London Banking Day "i". 
"SONIA Observation Period" means the period from and including the date falling "p" London 
Banking Days prior to the first day of the Applicable Period or Date (and the first Applicable 
Period or Date begin on and include the Coupon Commencement Date) and ending on, but 
excluding, the date falling "p" London Banking Days prior to the Period End Date for such 
Applicable Period or Date; 
"SONIA reference rate", in respect of any London Banking Day, is a reference rate equal to 
the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA") rate for such London Banking Day as 
provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as then published on the 
Screen Page or, if the Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by such authorised 
distributors, in each case on the London Banking Day immediately following such London 
Banking Day. 
(d) 
If the Issue Terms specify "SONIA" to be the applicable Interest Benchmark and "Compounded 
Index Rate": 
the Interest Benchmark for each Applicable Period or Date will be determined by the Calculation 
Agent on the Applicable Determination Date in respect of such Applicable Period or Date by reference 
to the screen rate or index for Compounded Daily SONIA administered by the administrator of the 
SONIA reference rate that is published or displayed by such administrator or other information service 
from time to time at the relevant time on the Applicable Determination Dates specified below, as 
further specified in the applicable Issue Terms (the "SONIA Compounded Index") and in accordance 
with the following formula, subject as provided in the Underlying Linked Conditions, and the resulting 
percentage will be rounded if necessary to the fourth decimal place, with 0.00005 per cent. being 
rounded upwards, all determined by the Calculation Agent: 
Compounded Daily SONIA rate (Index) = 
(
SONIA Compounded Indexy
SONIA Compounded Indexx −1)  x 
365
d   
Where, for the purposes of this definition: 
"x" denotes that the relevant SONIA Compounded Index is the SONIA Compounded Index 
determined in relation to the day falling the Relevant Number of London Banking Days prior to 
the first day of the Applicable Period or Date; 
"y" denotes that the relevant SONIA Compounded Index is the SONIA Compounded Index 
determined in relation to the day falling the Relevant Number of London Banking Days prior to 
the Period End Date for such Applicable Period or Date, or such other date as when the relevant 
payment falls to be due (but which by definition or the operation of the relevant provisions is 
excluded from such Applicable Period or Date); 
A day on which the SONIA Compounded Index is determined pursuant to paragraph "x" or "y" 
above is referred to as an "Index Determination Date"; 
"d" is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day in relation to which x is 
determined to (but excluding) the day in relation to which y is determined; 
"Relevant Number" is as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
(e) 
If the Issue Terms specify "SOFR" for the applicable Interest Benchmark and "Standard":

--- Page 153 ---
Payout Conditions for Structured Securities 
Coupon Features 
 
149 
 
the Interest Benchmark for each Applicable Period or Date will be determined by the Calculation 
Agent on the Applicable Determination Date in respect of such Applicable Period or Date based on 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate. 
Where: 
"Secured Overnight Financing Rate" or "SOFR" means, with respect to any U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day, the Secured Overnight Financing Rate published for such U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day as such rate appears on the SOFR Administrator's Website 
at 3:00 p.m. (New York time) on the immediately following U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day (the "SOFR Determination Time"); 
"SOFR Administrator's Website" means the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York, currently at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor source; and 
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day" means any day except for a Saturday, a Sunday 
or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that 
the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading 
in U.S. government securities. 
(f) 
If the Issue Terms specify "SOFR" to be the applicable Interest Benchmark and "Compounded 
SOFR":  
the Interest Benchmark for each Applicable Period or Date will be determined by the Calculation 
Agent on the Applicable Determination Date in respect of such Applicable Period or Date as 
Compounded SOFR in accordance with the following, subject as provided in the Underlying Linked 
Conditions: 
"Compounded SOFR" means, in relation to any Applicable Period or Date, the rate of return of a 
daily compound interest investment (with SOFR as the reference rate for the calculation of interest) 
and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent on the Applicable Determination Date in accordance 
with the following formula (and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 
fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards): 
[∏(1 + SOFRi x ni
360
)
d0
i=1
−1]  x 360
d  
Where, for the purposes of this definition: 
"d" is the number of calendar days in: 
(A) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the Applicable Period or Date; or 
(B) 
where "Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the relevant SOFR Observation Period; 
"d0" is the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days in: 
(A) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the Applicable Period or Date; or 
(B) 
where "Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the relevant SOFR Observation Period;

--- Page 154 ---
Payout Conditions for Structured Securities 
Coupon Features 
 
150 
 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the first U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day in: 
(A) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the Applicable Period or Date; or 
(B) 
where "Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the relevant SOFR Observation Period; 
"ni" for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" is the number of calendar days from, 
and including, such U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" to, but excluding, the 
following U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i+1"; 
"p", for any SOFR Observation Period, is the number of U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days specified in the applicable Issue Terms;  
"Secured Overnight Financing Rate" or "SOFR" means, with respect to any U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day, the Secured Overnight Financing Rate published for such U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day as such rate appears on the SOFR Administrator's Website 
at 3:00 p.m. (New York time) on the immediately following U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day (the "SOFR Determination Time"). 
"SOFRi" means the SOFR for: 
(A) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the U.S. Government Securities Business Day falling "p" U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days prior to the relevant U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day "i"; and 
(B) 
where "Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i". 
"SOFR Administrator" means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor 
administrator of SOFR); 
"SOFR Administrator's Website" means the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York, currently at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor source; and 
"SOFR Observation Period" means in respect of each Applicable Period or Date, the period 
from, and including, the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding 
the first date in the Applicable Period or Date to, but excluding, the date falling "p" U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days preceding the Period End Date for the Applicable Period 
or Date, or such other period as may be specified in the Issue Terms; 
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day" means any day except for a Saturday, a Sunday 
or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that 
the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading 
in U.S. government securities. 
(g) 
If the Issue Terms specify "SOFR" to be the applicable Interest Benchmark and "SOFR Index": 
the Interest Benchmark for each Applicable Period or Date will be determined by the Calculation 
Agent on the Applicable Determination Date in respect of such Applicable Period or Date as SOFR 
Index, calculated in accordance with the following formula (and the resulting percentage will be 
rounded, if necessary, to the nearest fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards), as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, subject as provided in the Underlying Linked Conditions:

--- Page 155 ---
Payout Conditions for Structured Securities 
Coupon Features 
 
151 
 
( SOFR IndexEnd
SOFR IndexStart
−1)  x 360
d  
Where, for the purposes of this definition: 
"SOFR" means the daily secured overnight rate as provided by the SOFR Administrator on the 
SOFR Administrator's Website; 
"SOFR IndexStart" is the SOFR Index value for the day which is "p" U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days preceding the first date of the Applicable Period or Date; 
"SOFR IndexEnd" is the SOFR Index value for the day which is "p" U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days preceding the Period End Date relating to the Applicable Period or Date; 
"d" is the number of calendar days from, and including, the SOFR IndexStart to, but excluding, 
the SOFR IndexEnd (the number of calendar days in the relevant SOFR Observation Period); 
"p", for any SOFR Observation Period, is the number of U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days specified in the applicable Issue Terms;  
"SOFR Index" means, with respect to any U.S. Government Securities Business Day: 
the SOFR Index as published by the SOFR Administrator as such index appears on the SOFR 
Administrator's Website at 3:00 p.m. (New York time) on such U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day (the "SOFR Index Determination Time"). 
For the definition of "SOFR Index", "SOFR" means the daily secured overnight financing rate 
provided by the SOFR Administrator on the SOFR Administrator's website. 
"SOFR Administrator" means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor 
administrator of SOFR); 
"SOFR Administrator's Website" means the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York, currently at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor source; and 
"SOFR Observation Period" means in respect of each Applicable Period or Date, the period 
from, and including, the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding 
the first date in the Applicable Period or Date to, but excluding, the date falling "p" U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days preceding the Period End Date for the Applicable Period 
or Date, or such other period as may be specified in the Issue Terms; 
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day" means any day except for a Saturday, a Sunday 
or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that 
the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading 
in U.S. government securities. 
(h) 
If the Issue Terms specify "€STR" for the applicable Interest Benchmark and "Standard":  
the Interest Benchmark for each Applicable Period or Date will be determined by the Calculation 
Agent on the Applicable Determination Date in respect of such Applicable Period or Date based on 
the €STR Reference Rate: 
Where: 
"€STR Reference Rate" means in respect of any T2 Business Day, a reference rate equal to 
the daily euro short-term rate ("€STR") for such T2 Business Day as provided by the European 
Central Bank, as administrator of such rate (or any successor administrator of such rate), on 
the website of the European Central Bank, currently at http://www.ecb.europa.eu, or any

--- Page 156 ---
Payout Conditions for Structured Securities 
Coupon Features 
 
152 
 
successor website officially designated by the European Central Bank (the "ECB's Website") 
(in each case, on or before 9:00 a.m. Central European Time on the T2 Business Day 
immediately following such T2 Business Day) (or any amended publication time as specified 
by the administrator of €STR in the €STR benchmark methodology). 
"T2 Business Day" or "TBD" means a day on which the T2 System is operating for the 
purposes of settlements of payments in euro. 
(i) 
If the Issue Terms specify "€STR" to be the applicable Interest Benchmark and "Compounded 
€STR":  
the Interest Benchmark for each Applicable Period or Date will be determined by the Calculation 
Agent on the Applicable Determination Date in respect of such Applicable Period or Date as 
Compounded Daily €STR in accordance with the following, subject as provided in the Underlying 
Linked Conditions: 
"Compounded Daily €STR" means, with respect to an Applicable Period or Date, the rate of return 
of a daily compound interest investment (with the daily euro short-term rate as reference rate for the 
calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent on the Applicable 
Determination Date as follows, and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the fourth 
decimal place, with each 0.00005 per cent. being rounded upwards: 
[∏(1 + €STRi−pTBD x ni
360
)
d0
i=1
−1]  x 360
d  
Where, for the purposes of this definition: 
"d" is the number of calendar days in: 
(A) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the Applicable Period or Date; or 
(B) 
where "Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the relevant €STR Observation Period; 
"d0" is the number of T2 Business Days in: 
(A) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the Applicable Period or Date; or 
(B) 
where "Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the relevant €STR Observation Period; 
"€STR Observation Period" means in respect of each Applicable Period or Date, the period 
from, and including, the date falling "p" T2 Business Days preceding the first date in the 
Applicable Period or Date to, but excluding, the date falling "p" T2 Business Days preceding 
the Period End Date for the Applicable Period or Date, or such other period as may be specified 
in the Issue Terms; 
"€STR Reference Rate" means in respect of any T2 Business Day, a reference rate equal to the 
daily euro short-term rate ("€STR") for such T2 Business Day as provided by the European 
Central Bank, as administrator of such rate (or any successor administrator of such rate), on the 
website of the European Central Bank, currently at http://www.ecb.europa.eu, or any successor 
website officially designated by the European Central Bank (the "ECB's Website") (in each 
case, on or before 9:00 a.m. Central European Time on the T2 Business Day immediately 
following such T2 Business Day) (or any amended publication time as specified by the 
administrator of €STR in the €STR benchmark methodology).

--- Page 157 ---
Payout Conditions for Structured Securities 
Coupon Features 
 
153 
 
"€STRi-pTBD" means the €STR Reference Rate for: 
(A) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the T2 Business Day falling "p" T2 Business Days prior to the relevant 
T2 Business Day "i"; and 
(B) 
where "Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the relevant T2 Business Day "i"; 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant T2 Business Day 
in chronological order from, and including, the first T2 Business Day in: 
(A) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the Applicable Period or Date; or 
(B) 
where "Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the relevant €STR Observation Period; 
"ni" for any T2 Business Day "i" is the number of calendar days from, and including, such T2 
Business Day "i" up to, but excluding, earlier of (i) the following T2 Business Day or (ii) the 
last day of the Applicable Period or Date or in respect of the final Applicable Period or Date the 
Redemption Date; 
"p", for any €STR Observation Period, is the number of T2 Business Days specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms; 
"T2 Business Day" or "TBD" means a day on which the T2 System is operating for the purposes 
of settlements of payments in euro. 
(j) 
If the Issue Terms specify "SARON" for the applicable Interest Benchmark and "Standard":  
the Interest Benchmark for each Applicable Period or Date will be determined by the Calculation 
Agent on the Applicable Determination Date in respect of such Floating Coupon Period based on the 
SARON reference rate. 
Where: 
"SARON" means, in respect of any Zurich Banking Day, the Swiss Average Rate Overnight for 
such Zurich Banking Day published by the SARON Administrator on the SARON 
Administrator Website at the Relevant Time on such Zurich Banking Day; 
"SARON Administrator" means SIX Index AG or any successor administrator of SARON; 
"SARON Administrator Website" means the website of the SARON Administrator, currently 
published on the "SIX Group's website"; and 
"Zurich Banking Day" means a day on which banks are open in the City of Zurich for the 
settlement of payments and of foreign exchange transactions. 
(k) 
If the Issue Terms specify "SARON" " to be the applicable Interest Benchmark and "Compounded 
Daily Rate":  
the Interest Benchmark for each Applicable Period or Date will be determined by the Calculation 
Agent on the Applicable Determination Date in respect of such Applicable Period or Date as SARON 
Compounded in accordance with the following, subject as provided in the Underlying Linked 
Conditions:

--- Page 158 ---
Payout Conditions for Structured Securities 
Coupon Features 
 
154 
 
"SARON Compounded" means, in respect of an Applicable Period or Date, the rate of return of a 
daily compound interest investment (with the daily overnight interest rate of the secured funding 
market for Swiss francs) as calculated by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Applicable 
Determination Date in accordance with the following formula (and the resulting percentage will be 
rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one ten-thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.00005 being 
rounded upwards): 
[∏(1 + SARONi x ni
360
)
db
i=1
−1]  x 360
dc
 
Where, for the purposes of this definition: 
"db" means the number of Zurich Banking Days in the relevant SARON Observation Period; 
"dc" means the number of calendar days in the relevant SARON Observation Period; 
"i" indexes a series of whole numbers from one to db, representing the Zurich Banking Days in 
the relevant SARON Observation Period in chronological order from, and including, the first 
Zurich Banking Day in such SARON Observation Period; 
"ni" means, in respect of any Zurich Banking Day i, the number of calendar days from, and 
including, the Zurich Banking Day i up to, but excluding, the first following Zurich Banking 
Day; 
"Observation Period Shift" is as specified in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"p" means, for the Applicable Period or Date, the number of Zurich Banking Days specified to 
be the Observation Period Shift in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"Relevant Time" means, in respect of any Zurich Banking Day, close of trading on SIX Swiss 
Exchange on such Zurich Banking Day, which is expected to be at or around 6 p.m. (Zurich 
time); 
"SARONi" means, in respect of any Zurich Banking Day i, SARON for such Zurich Banking 
Day i; 
"SARON" means, in respect of any Zurich Banking Day, the Swiss Average Rate Overnight for 
such Zurich Banking Day published by the SARON Administrator on the SARON 
Administrator Website at the Relevant Time on such Zurich Banking Day; 
"SARON Observation Period" means, in respect of an Applicable Period or Date, the period 
from, and including, the date falling "p" Zurich Banking Days prior to the first day of such 
Applicable Period or Date and ending on, but excluding, the date falling "p" Zurich Banking 
Days prior to (A) the Period End Date for such Applicable Period or Date or (B) such earlier 
date on which such Securities become due and payable; 
"SARON Administrator" means SIX Index AG or any successor administrator of SARON; 
"SARON Administrator Website" means the website of the SARON Administrator, currently 
published on the "SIX Group's website"; 
"SIX Swiss Exchange" means SIX Swiss Exchange AG and any successor thereto; and 
"Zurich Banking Day" means a day on which banks are open in the City of Zurich for the 
settlement of payments and of foreign exchange transactions.

--- Page 159 ---
Payout Conditions for Structured Securities 
Coupon Features 
 
155 
 
(l) 
If the Issue Terms specify "CMS Rate" for or in respect of the applicable Interest Benchmark, the 
Interest Benchmark shall be the applicable swap rate for swap transactions in the Reference Currency 
with a maturity of the Designated Maturity, expressed as a percentage, which appears on the Screen 
Page in respect of the CMS Rate as at the Relevant Time on the Applicable Determination Date in 
question, all as determined by the Calculation Agent; and if the Screen Page is not available, the 
applicable CMS Rate will be determined by the Calculation Agent in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner. 
If the Screen Page is not available, the Issuer (or an agent appointed by the Issuer) shall request each 
of the Reference Banks to provide the Issuer (or such agent appointed by the Issuer) with its quotation 
for the Relevant Swap Rate at approximately the Relevant Time on the Applicable Determination Date 
in question. If at least three of the Reference Banks provide the Issuer (or such agent appointed by the 
Issuer) with such quotation, the CMS Rate for such Applicable Period or Date shall be the arithmetic 
mean of such quotations, eliminating the highest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the 
highest) and the lowest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the lowest). 
If on any Applicable Determination Date fewer than three or none of the Reference Banks provides 
the Issuer (or an agent appointed by the Issuer) with such quotations as provided in the preceding 
paragraph, the CMS Rate shall be determined as at the last preceding Applicable Determination Date 
(though substituting, where a different Margin, Leverage, Floor and/or Cap is to be applied to the 
relevant Applicable Period or Date from that which applied to the last preceding Applicable Period or 
Date, such Margin, Leverage, Floor and/or Cap relating to the relevant Floating Coupon Period, in 
place of that relating to that last preceding Applicable Period or Date). 
For this purpose: 
"Fixed Leg Day Count Fraction" means the Day Count Fraction specified as such in the applicable 
Issue Terms; 
"Floating Rate Day Count Fraction" means the Day Count Fraction specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms; 
"Floating Leg Rate Option" means the rate option specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"Reference Banks" means (i) where the Reference Currency is euro, the principal office of five 
leading swap dealers in the euro inter-bank market, (ii) where the Reference Currency is Sterling, the 
principal London office of five leading swap dealers in the London inter-bank market, (iii) where the 
Reference Currency is U.S. dollars, the principal New York City office of five leading swap dealers 
in the New York City inter-bank market or (iv) in the case of any other Reference Currency, the 
principal Relevant Financial Centre office of five leading swap dealers in the Relevant Financial 
Centre inter-bank market, in each case selected by the Issuer. 
"Relevant Swap Rate" means the mid-market Specified Frequency swap rate determined on the basis 
of the arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates for the Specified Fixed Leg, calculated on a Fixed 
Leg Day Count Fraction, of a fixed-for-floating interest rate swap transaction in the Specified Currency 
with a term equal to the Designated Maturity commencing on the first day of the Applicable Period or 
Date and in an amount that is representative for a single transaction in the relevant market at the 
relevant time with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap market, where the floating leg, 
in each case calculated on the Floating Leg Day Count Fraction, is equivalent to the Floating Leg Rate 
Option with a designated maturity determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to standard 
market practice and/or the ISDA Definitions; 
"Specified Fixed Leg" means any of the following as specified in the applicable Issue Terms: (a) 
annual fixed leg; (b) semi-annual fixed leg; or (c) quarterly fixed leg; 
"Specified Frequency" has the meaning given to it in the applicable Issue Terms.

--- Page 160 ---
Payout Conditions for Structured Securities 
Coupon Features 
 
156 
 
2.10 
Rate of Interest determined by ISDA Determination 
If specified in the Issue Terms, the following terms apply for determining the Interest Benchmark for 
a relevant Coupon Period or other relevant period or date ("Applicable Period or Date"") on a Coupon 
Determining Date or any other Underlying Valuation Date ("Applicable Determination Date""), as 
the case may be: 
the Interest Benchmark for each Applicable Period or Date will be determined by the Calculation 
Agent as a rate equal to the relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Issue 
Terms) the Margin (if any).  
For purposes of this 2.10, "ISDA Rate" means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be 
determined by the Calculation Agent under a Swap Transaction under the terms of an agreement: 
(a) 
if "2006 ISDA Definitions" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as 
amended, supplemented and updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Securities), 
published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. ("ISDA"); or 
(b) 
if "2021 ISDA Definitions" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the latest version of the 2021 
ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions as published by ISDA as at the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of the Securities, (both, the "ISDA Definitions") and under which: 
(i) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
(ii) 
the Designated Maturity (if applicable) is the period set out in the applicable Issue Terms, 
(iii) 
the relevant Reset Date is either (I) if the applicable Floating Rate Option is based on the 
EURIBOR (or any successor or replacement rate) for a currency, the first day of that Floating 
Coupon Period or (II) in any other case, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms; 
(c) 
if the Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate Option and Compounding Method is 
specified to apply in the applicable Issue Terms, the Overnight Rate Compounding Method will be 
one of the following, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms: 
(i) 
Compounding with Lookback; 
(ii) 
Compounding with Observation Period Shift; or 
(iii) 
Compounding with Lockout; 
(d) 
if the Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate Option and Averaging is specified to apply 
in the applicable Issue Terms, the Overnight Averaging Method will be one of the following, as 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms: 
(i) 
Averaging with Lookback; 
(ii) 
Averaging with Observation Period Shift; or 
(iii) 
Averaging with Lockout; 
(e) 
if the Floating Rate Option is a Compounded Index Floating Rate Option, the Index Method will be 
Compounded Index Method with Observation Period Shift as specified in the applicable Issue Terms; 
(f) 
if the 2021 ISDA Definitions apply, (i) any fallbacks that would otherwise be required to be determined 
in accordance with Section 8.6 (Generic Fallback Provisions) of the 2021 ISDA Definitions shall not 
be so determined, but shall instead be determined in accordance with Underlying Linked Conditions 
and (ii) if Administrator/Benchmark Event is specified in the Floating Rate Matrix in respect of the 
relevant Floating Rate Option, Underlying Linked Condition – Interest Benchmark Linked Condition 4

--- Page 161 ---
Payout Conditions for Structured Securities 
Coupon Features 
 
157 
 
(Early Redemption for Administrator/Benchmark Event) shall apply in place of the provisions relating 
to Administrator/Benchmark Event and the Administrator/ Benchmark Fallback in the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions, and the 2021 ISDA Definitions shall be construed accordingly; 
(g) 
if the 2021 ISDA Definitions apply, Period End Date / Termination Date adjustment for Unscheduled 
Holiday (as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions) will apply if specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
to be applicable; 
(h) 
if the 2021 ISDA Definitions apply, Non-Representative (as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions) 
will apply if specified in the relevant Issue Terms to be applicable; and 
(i) 
if the 2021 ISDA Definitions apply, Successor Benchmark and Successor Benchmark Effective Date 
(as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions) will apply if specified in the applicable Issue Terms to be 
applicable. 
Subject to sub-paragraph (f) above, the ISDA Definitions contain provisions for determining the 
applicable Floating Rate (as defined below) (including Supplement 70 to the 2006 ISDA Definitions 
and Section 9 of the 2021 ISDA Definitions (Bespoke Triggers and Fallbacks)) in the event that the 
specified Floating Rate is not available. 
For the purposes of this Payout Condition 2.10, "Floating Rate", "Floating Rate Option", "Floating 
Rate Matrix", "Designated Maturity", "Rate Option", "Reset Date", "Overnight Floating Rate Option", 
"Overnight Rate Compounding Method", "Compounding with Lookback", "Compounding with 
Observation Period Shift", "Compounding with Lockout", "Averaging with Lookback", "Averaging 
with Observation Period Shift", "Averaging with Lockout", "Generic Fallback Provisions", 
"Compounded Index Floating Rate Option", "Index Method" and "Compounded Index Method with 
Observation Period Shift" have the meanings given to those terms in the applicable ISDA Definitions. 
With respect to Securities where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Issue Terms as the 
manner in which the Interest Benchmark is to be determined, the Issuer hereby agrees that it shall not 
name Citibank Europe plc or any of its affiliates as calculation agent in any Issue Terms and/or any 
other transaction document for such Series of Securities. 
2.11 
Zero Coupon 
If the Issue Terms specify "Zero Coupon" as applicable, the Securityholder will receive no payments 
related to Coupons under the Securities (such Securities, "Zero Coupon Securities"). However, the 
Securities will be issued at a discount. The difference between the Notional Amount paid on the 
Redemption Date and the Discounted Notional Amount represents the yield on the Securities. 
2.12 
Additional Definitions for Interest Benchmarks 
"Calculation Method" means either Compounded Daily Rate, Compounded Index Rate, 
Compounded SOFR, SOFR Index, Compounded €STR, SARON Compounded, as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
"Determination Period" means the period from (and including) a Determination Date to but excluding 
the next Determination Date (including, where either the Coupon Commencement Date or the final 
Period End Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first Determination Date 
prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such date). 
"Effective Date" means, with respect to any Interest Benchmark to be determined on an Applicable 
Determination Date, the date specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms or, if none is so specified, 
the first day of the Applicable Period or Date to which such Applicable Determination Date relates. 
"euro" means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and 
monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the functioning of the European Union, as amended.

--- Page 162 ---
Payout Conditions for Structured Securities 
Coupon Features 
 
158 
 
"Euro-zone" means the region comprised of member states of the European Union that adopt or have 
adopted the single currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Community, as 
amended. 
"Floating Coupon Period" means, in respect of a Floating Coupon, (i) the period beginning on, and 
including, the Coupon Commencement Date and ending on, but excluding, the first Period End Date 
thereafter and, if so specified in the Issue Terms, each successive period for the Floating Coupon 
beginning on, and including, a Period End Date and ending on, but excluding, the next succeeding 
Period End Date; and (ii) such other period (if any) in respect of which interest is to be calculated 
being the period from (and including) the first day of such period to (but excluding) the day on which 
the relevant payment of interest falls due (which, in the case of the scheduled final or early redemption 
of any Securities, shall be the date for redemption). 
"Floating Coupon Payment" means, in respect of a Floating Coupon, the amount payable per 
Notional Amount calculated in accordance with Payout Condition 2.8(e) or as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms. If "Currency Conversion" applies, the Floating Coupon Payment under the 
Securities shall be converted into the Reference Currency at the Currency Exchange Rate on the 
Underlying Valuation Date. 
"Interest Benchmark" means, subject to adjustment in accordance with the Interest Benchmark 
Linked Conditions, each interest benchmark specified in the Issue Terms for the Securities either  
(i)  
based on its published value or  
(ii)  
based on a certain calculation method using one or more values of a published interest period 
over a certain period of time,  
each as specified in accordance with the terms for Screen Rate Determination or the terms for ISDA 
Determination specified in the Issue Terms, and related expressions shall be construed accordingly. In 
particular, any of the following may be an Interest Benchmark: 
(a) 
EURIBOR; 
(b) 
SONIA; 
(c) 
SOFR; 
(d) 
€STR; 
(e) 
SARON; 
(f) 
CMS Rate. 
"Interest Period" means also Floating Coupon Period, if the context so requires. 
"Observation Method" means either Lag or Shift, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Period End Date" means the date or each of the dates specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Primary Source" means the source specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Reference Banks" means, unless otherwise defined in Payout Condition 2.9 (Definitions applicable 
to Screen Rate Determination), the institutions specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms or, if 
none, four major banks (which are unaffiliated with the Issuer) selected by the Issuer in the interbank 
market (or, if appropriate, money market) which are most closely connected with the Benchmark 
(which, if EURIBOR or €STR is the relevant Benchmark, shall be the interbank market of the Euro-
zone).

--- Page 163 ---
Payout Conditions for Structured Securities 
Coupon Features 
 
159 
 
"Relevant Financial Centre" means, with respect to any Interest Benchmark to be determined in 
accordance with a Screen Rate Determination on an Applicable Determination Date, the financial 
centre as may be specified in the applicable Issue Terms or, if none is so specified, the financial centre 
with which the Benchmark is most closely connected (which, in the case of EURIBOR and €STR, 
shall be the Euro-zone) or, if none is so connected, London. 
"Relevant Rate" means the Interest Benchmark for a Representative Amount of the Specified 
Currency for a period (if applicable or appropriate to the Interest Benchmark) equal to the Specified 
Duration commencing on the Effective Date determined in accordance with the Primary Source 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Relevant Time" means, with respect to any Applicable Determination Date, the local time in the 
Relevant Financial Centre specified in the applicable Issue Terms or, if no time is specified, the local 
time in the Relevant Financial Centre at which it is customary to determine bid and offered rates in 
respect of deposits in the Specified Currency in the interbank market in the Relevant Financial Centre 
(and for this purpose "local time" means with respect to the Euro-zone as a Relevant Financial Centre, 
Central European time). 
"Representative Amount" means, with respect to any Interest Benchmark to be determined on an 
Applicable Determination Date, the amount specified in the applicable Issue Terms or, if none is 
specified, an amount that is representative for a single transaction in the relevant market at the time. 
"Screen Page" means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular information 
service (including, but not limited to, the Reuters Money 3000 Service ("Reuters")) as may be 
specified in the Issue Terms for the purpose of providing a Relevant Rate or Interest Benchmark, or 
such other page, section, caption, column or other part as may replace it on that information service or 
on such other information service, in each case as may be specified by the person or organisation 
providing or sponsoring the information appearing there for the purpose of displaying rates or prices 
comparable to that Relevant Rate or Interest Benchmark. 
"Specified Duration" means, with respect to any Interest Benchmark to be determined in accordance 
with a Screen Rate Determination on an Applicable Determination Date, the duration specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms or, if none is specified, a period of time equal to the Applicable Period or Date. 
"T2 System" means the Real-Time Gross Settlement System operated by the Eurosystem (T2) (or any 
successor system thereto). 
"Underlying Determination Date" means, with respect to a Floating Coupon and a Floating Coupon 
Period, the date specified as such in the Issue Terms or, if none is so specified, (i) the first day of such 
Floating Coupon Period if the Specified Currency is Sterling or (ii) the day falling two T2 Business 
Days prior to the first day of such Floating Coupon Period if the Specified Currency is euro. 
2.13 
Business Day Convention 
If any date referred to in these Payout Conditions which is specified to be subject to adjustment in accordance 
with a Business Day Convention would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then, if the 
Business Day Convention specified is in respect to all or, if so specified in the Issue Terms, in respect to 
specific Interest Periods, 
(i) 
the Floating Rate Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day 
which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which 
event (A) such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and 
(B) each subsequent such date shall be the last Business Day of the month in which such date 
would have fallen had it not been subject to adjustment,  
(ii) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day which 
is a Business Day,

--- Page 164 ---
Payout Conditions for Structured Securities 
Coupon Features 
 
160 
 
(iii) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next 
day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which 
event such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day,  
(iv) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day, or  
(v) 
No Adjustment, such date shall not be adjusted in accordance with any Business Day 
Convention,  
provided that if ISDA Determination, "2021 ISDA Definitions" and "Unscheduled Holiday" are 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, then in the case where Modified Following Business Day 
Convention, Modified Business Day Convention, Preceding Business Day Convention, FRN 
Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar Convention apply to a particular date and that 
date would otherwise fall on a day that is not a Business Day as a result of an Unscheduled Holiday 
(as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions but disregarding references to Valuation Business Day and 
Exercise Business Day and construing references to the Confirmation to mean the applicable Issue 
Terms) notwithstanding the provisions of (ii) to (iv), such day will instead fall on the first following 
day that is a Business Day. 
2.14 
Blended Coupon 
If the Issue Terms specify "Blended Coupon" as "applicable", the Issue Terms will specify two or more 
of the methods for determining Coupons in this Payout Condition 2 as Potential Coupons. On the 
Blended Coupon Payment Date, Securityholder will receive the Coupons calculated in accordance 
with one of the following methods, as specified in the Issue Terms: 
Best: 
The Securityholder will receive that one of the Potential Coupons which results in the 
highest amount of Coupons, as determined by the Calculation Agent with respect to 
the Blended Coupon Payment Date. 
Worst: 
The Securityholder will receive that one of the Potential Coupons which results in the 
lowest amount of Coupons, as determined by the Calculation Agent with respect to the 
Blended Coupon Payment Date. 
Weighted: The Securityholder will receive the sum of the Potential Coupons multiplied by their 
respective Potential Coupon Weight, which may also be negative, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent with respect to the Blended Coupon Payment Date. 
The Securityholder will not receive any Coupons before the Best-of Coupon Payment Date and in the 
case of "Best" or "Worst" the Securityholder will not receive any Coupons from the method(s) 
specified which do not result in the highest or lowest amount of Coupons, respectively. 
2.15 
Definitions applicable to Coupon Features 
"Blended Coupon Payment Date" will be specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Cap" will be specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Conditional Coupon Barrier" will be specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Conditional Coupon Lock-in Barrier" will be specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Coupon Lock-in Value" means the Reference Price on a Lock-in Date. 
"Conditional Coupon Rate" will be specified in the Issue Terms.

--- Page 165 ---
Payout Conditions for Structured Securities 
Coupon Features 
 
161 
 
"Coupon Amount" will be specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Coupon Commencement Date" means the date of issue of the Securities (the "Issue Date") or such other 
date as may be specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Coupon Observation Value" means the Reference Price on a Coupon Valuation Date. 
"Coupon Payment Dates" will be specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Coupon Period" means (i) the period beginning on, and including, the Coupon Commencement Date and 
ending on, but excluding, the first Coupon Payment Date thereafter and, if so specified in the Issue Terms, 
each successive period beginning on, and including, an Coupon Payment Date and ending on, but excluding, 
the next succeeding Coupon Payment Date; and/or (ii) such other period (if any) in respect of which interest 
is to be calculated being the period from (and including) the first day of such period to (but excluding) the day 
on which the relevant payment of interest falls due. 
"Coupon Valuation Dates" will be specified in the Issue Terms, subject to postponement if a Market 
Disruption Event occurs. 
"Coupon Valuation Period" will be specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Day Count Fraction" means, if specified as "applicable" in the Issue Terms, in respect of the calculation of 
an amount of interest on any Security for any period of time (from and including the first day of such period 
to but excluding the last) not comprising a complete year (whether or not constituting an Floating Coupon 
Period, the "Calculation Period") or, if so specified in the Issue Terms, in respect to specific periods of time: 
(a) 
If "Actual/365" or "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that 
Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion 
of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of 
days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(b) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(c) 
if "Actual/365 (Sterling)" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 or, in the case the last day of the Calculation 
Period falls in a leap year, 366; 
(d) 
if "Actual/360" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360; 
(e) 
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction 
= 
[360 x (Y2 – Y1)] + [30 x (M2 –M1 )] + (D2 –D1)
360
 
where, 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls;

--- Page 166 ---
Payout Conditions for Structured Securities 
Coupon Features 
 
162 
 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which 
case D2 will be 30; 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction 
= 
[360 x (Y2 – Y1)] + [30 x (M2 –M1)] + (D2 –D1)
360
 
where, 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(f) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 
360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction 
= 
[360 x (Y2 – Y1)] + [30 x (M2 –M1)] + (D2 –D1)
360
 
where, 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) that 
day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; 
and

--- Page 167 ---
Payout Conditions for Structured Securities 
Coupon Features 
 
163 
 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Redemption 
Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; and 
(g) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
(i) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period 
during which the Calculation Period ends, the number of days in such Calculation 
Period divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination Period 
and (2) the number of Determination Dates (as specified in the applicable Issue Terms) 
that would occur in one calendar year; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Securities where the Calculation Period is longer than the Determination 
Period during which the Calculation Period ends, the sum of: 
(A) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Determination 
Period in which the Calculation Period begins divided by the product of (x) 
the number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of 
Determination Dates (as specified in the applicable Issue Terms) that would 
occur in one calendar year; and 
(B) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates that would 
occur in one calendar year. 
"Fixed Rate" means the fixed rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of the Securities and which 
is either specified in the Issue Terms, or otherwise calculated in accordance with the provisions hereof.  
"Floating Rate" means the floating rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of the Securities and 
which is either specified in the Issue Terms, or calculated in accordance with the provisions hereof. 
"Floor" will be specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Margin" will be specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Monthly Rebate Amount" will be specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Leverage" will be specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Lock-in Dates" will be specified in the Issue Terms, subject to postponement if a Market Disruption Event 
occurs. 
"Lock-in Event" occurs with respect to any Lock-in Date, if the Coupon Lock-in Value is (i) greater than, 
(ii) greater than or equal to, (iii) lower than or (iv) lower than or equal to, depending on which is specified 
as the Condition for the Lock-in Event in the Issue Terms, the Conditional Coupon Lock-in Barrier on such 
Lock-in Date. 
"Potential Coupons" will be specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Potential Coupon Weight" will be specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Underlying Reference" will be Reference Price or Performance of the Underlying, as specified in the Issue 
Terms.

--- Page 168 ---
Payout Conditions for Structured Securities 
 
Call, Securityholders Optional Early 
Redemption and Knock-in Features 
 
164 
 
3. 
Call, Securityholders Optional Early Redemption and Knock-in Features 
The Issue Terms will indicate the Call, Securityholders Optional Early Redemption and Knock-in Feature 
applicable to the Securities.  
In the case of an exercise of the Issuer Call in respect of a holding or part of a holding of Registered Securities 
represented by a single Registered Security, a new Registered Security shall be issued to the Securityholder to 
reflect the exercise of such option, certifying the balance of the holding with respect to which the Issuer Call, 
respectively, was not exercised. In the case of a partial exercise of either an Issuer Call resulting in Registered 
Securities of the same holding having different terms, separate Registered Securities shall be issued in respect 
of those Securities of that holding that have the same terms. New Registered Securities shall only be issued 
against surrender of the existing Registered Securities to the Registrar. In the case of a transfer of Registered 
Securities to a person who is already a holder of Registered Securities, a new Registered Security representing 
the enlarged holding shall only be issued against surrender of the Registered Security representing the existing 
holding. The provisions of this Payout Condition 3 do not apply to Dematerialised Securities. 
The following Call, Securityholders Optional Early Redemption and Knock-in Features may be specified in 
the Issue Terms: 
3.1 
Automatic Early Redemption 
If the Issue Terms specify Automatic Early Redemption as "applicable", it means that the Securities may be 
redeemed by the Issuer in whole prior to maturity.  
The Securities will be automatically redeemed early in whole prior to maturity if the Observation Value of the 
Underlying is:  
(a) greater than, (b) greater than or equal to, (c) lower than or (d) lower than or equal to, depending on which 
is specified as the Condition for Automatic Early Redemption in the Issue Terms,  
its Automatic Early Redemption Level (i) on any Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date(s) or (ii) within 
the Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Period, as specified in the Issue Terms. If the Securities are 
redeemed early, the Exit Rate will be paid on the applicable Early Redemption Date and the Securities will 
cease to be outstanding. 
3.2 
Automatic Early Redemption for Target Coupon 
If the Issue Terms specify Automatic Early Redemption for Target Coupon as "applicable", it means that the 
Securities shall be redeemed by the Issuer in whole prior to maturity if the Cumulative Coupon is:  
(a) greater than, (b) greater than or equal to, (c) lower than or (d) lower than or equal to, depending on which 
is specified as the Condition for Automatic Early Redemption in the Issue Terms,  
the Coupon Target Level (i) on any Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date or (ii) within the Automatic 
Early Redemption Valuation Period, as specified in the Issue Terms. If the Securities are redeemed early, the 
Exit Rate will be paid on the applicable Early Redemption Date and the Securities will cease to be outstanding. 
3.3 
Issuer Call 
If the Issue Terms specify Issuer Call as "applicable", it means that the Securities are callable by the Issuer in 
whole prior to maturity. To call the Securities, the Issuer will give notice to the Paying Agent at least 10 
Business Days but not more than 45 calendar days before the applicable Call Payment Date. If the Securities 
are redeemed early, the Securityholder will receive the Call Payment on the applicable Call Payment Date and 
the Securities will cease to be outstanding. 
3.4 
Securityholders Optional Early Redemption 
This Payout Condition 3.4 is not applicable to Bail-inable Securities.

--- Page 169 ---
Payout Conditions for Structured Securities 
 
Call, Securityholders Optional Early 
Redemption and Knock-in Features 
 
165 
 
If a Securityholders Optional Early Redemption is specified as being applicable in the Issue Terms, the 
Securityholder may elect to require the Issuer to redeem the Securities in whole but not in part at the 
Securityholder Early Redemption Amount (or as otherwise specified in the Issue Terms) on the Securityholders 
Optional Early Redemption Date by giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 Business Days' notice (or as 
otherwise specified in the Issue Terms) ("Securityholders' Option Period"), subject to Securityholder's 
compliance with the following procedures. 
To exercise such option, the Securityholder must instruct its broker or other person through which the 
Securities are held to take the following steps: 
• 
Send a notice of redemption to the Issuer via email at globalstructuredproducts-legal@bnc.ca 
(with a copy to globalstructuredproducts@bnc.ca) with "Noteholder Redemption – [ISIN of 
the Securities]" as the subject line (the "Redemption Notice"). The Redemption Notice must 
be received by the Issuer in due time and the Issuer must acknowledge receipt of such notice 
on the same Business Day for it to be effective. 
• 
Instruct the custodian to book a delivery versus payment trade with respect to the Securities 
on the Securityholders Optional Early Redemption Date at a price equal to the Securityholder 
Early Redemption Amount; and 
• 
Cause the custodian to deliver the trade as booked for settlement via the clearing house at or 
prior to 10:00 a.m., New York City time, on the Securityholders Optional Early Redemption 
Date. 
No Security or Registered Security so deposited and option exercised may be withdrawn (except as provided 
in the Agency Agreement) without the prior consent of the Issuer. 
For greater certainty, if the Securityholder exercise such option, the Issuer shall redeem such Securityholder's 
Securities in whole but not in part and such redemption will not impact the other Securityholders. The 
Securityholder is deemed to have irrevocably waived its right to request the Securityholders Optional Early 
Redemption after the expiration of the Securityholders' Option Period if it has not notified the relevant Dealer 
of the intention to request the Securityholders Optional Early Redemption. 
3.5 
Early Redemption Amount with respect to Zero Coupon Securities 
With respect to Zero Coupon Securities only: 
(d) 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Security shall be the Amortised Face Amount 
(calculated as provided below) of such Security. 
(e) 
Subject to the provisions of sub-paragraph (iii) below, the Amortised Face Amount (the "Amortised 
Face Amount") of any such Security shall be the scheduled Redemption Amount of such Security on 
the Redemption Date discounted at a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the 
Amortisation Yield (as specified in the Issue Terms) applied in a compounded or non-compounded 
basis as specified in the applicable Issue Terms (which, if none is shown in the applicable Issue Terms, 
shall be such rate (compounded annually) as would produce an Amortised Face Amount equal to the 
issue price of the Securities if they were discounted back to their issue price on the Issue Date). Where 
such calculation is to be made for a period of less than one year, it shall be made on the basis of the 
Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
If the Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any such Security upon its redemption or upon 
it becoming due and payable as provided in General Condition 8 (Events of Default) is not paid when 
due, the Early Redemption Amount due and payable in respect of such Security shall be the Amortised 
Face Amount of such Security as defined in sub-paragraph (ii) above, except that such sub-paragraph 
shall have effect as though the reference therein to the date on which the Security becomes due and 
payable were replaced by a reference to the Relevant Date. The calculation of the Amortised Face 
Amount in accordance with this sub-paragraph will continue to be made (as well after as before

--- Page 170 ---
Payout Conditions for Structured Securities 
 
Call, Securityholders Optional Early 
Redemption and Knock-in Features 
 
166 
 
judgement), until the Relevant Date unless the Relevant Date falls on or after the Redemption Date, in 
which case the amount due and payable shall be the scheduled Redemption Amount of such Security 
on the Redemption Date together with any interest which may accrue in accordance with General 
Condition 5 (Payments and Talons). 
3.6 
Knock-in Event 
If the Issue Terms specify Knock-in Event as "applicable" and a Knock-in Event has occurred on a Knock-in 
Valuation Date, the Security will be redeemed early and the Securityholder will receive an amount calculated 
in accordance with the following formula on the respective Knock-in Payment Date and the Securities will 
cease to be outstanding: 
Notional Amount x [1 + Knock-in Ratio] 
3.7 
Definitions applicable to Call, Securityholders Optional Early Redemption and Knock-in 
Features 
"Automatic Early Redemption Level " will be specified in the Issue Terms and will be a percentage of the 
Initial Reference Price of the Underlying. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Dates" will be specified in the Issue Terms, subject to 
postponement if a Market Disruption Event occurs. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Period" will be specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Call Payment" will be specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Call Payment Dates" will be specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Coupon Target Level" will be specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Cumulative Coupons" means with respect to any Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date the aggregate 
of (i) the sum of all amounts paid as Coupons prior to such Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date and 
(ii) the Coupons due on the Coupon Payment Date immediately following such Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date, expressed as a percentage of the Notional Amount. 
"Early Redemption Dates" will be specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Exit Rate" will be specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Fixed Return" will be specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Knock-in Event" has occurred, if at the Knock-in Valuation Time on the Knock-in Valuation Date, the 
Reference Price is (a) greater than, (b) greater than or equal to, (c) lower than or (d) lower than or equal to, 
depending on which is specified as the Condition for Knock-in Event in the Issue Terms, the Knock-in Level. 
"Knock-in Level" will be specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Knock-in Payment Date" will be specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Knock-in Ratio" will be specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Knock-in Valuation Date" will be specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Knock-in Valuation Time" will be specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Observation Value" means the Reference Price on an Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date.

--- Page 171 ---
Payout Conditions for Structured Securities 
 
Call, Securityholders Optional Early 
Redemption and Knock-in Features 
 
167 
 
"Securityholder Early Redemption Amount" means, except as otherwise specified in the Issue Terms, an 
amount determined by the Calculation Agent in good faith and on such basis as it, in its sole and absolute 
discretion, considers fair and reasonable in the circumstances, to be equal to the fair market value of the 
Securities on the tenth (10th) Business Day prior to the Securityholders Optional Early Redemption Date 
(ignoring the early redemption of the Security), plus or minus any related hedging gains or costs. 
"Securityholders Optional Early Redemption Dates" means, except as otherwise specified in the Issue 
Terms, the day falling 90 calendar days after the Issue Date (excluding) and if such day is not a T2 Business 
Day, the next day following that day which is a T2 Business Day.

--- Page 172 ---
Payout Conditions for Structured Securities 
Quanto and Compo Features 
 
168 
 
4. 
Quanto and Compo Features 
This Payout Condition 4 (Quanto and Compo Features) applies to all Product Types. The Issue Terms will 
indicate the Quanto/Compo Feature applicable to the Securities. The following Quanto and Compo Features 
may be specified in the Issue Terms: 
4.1 
Non-Quanto 
If the Issue Terms specify Quanto/Compo Feature as "Non-Quanto", the Underlying Currency is the same as 
the Specified Currency and no conversion will be made by the Calculation Agent. 
4.2 
Quanto 
If the Issue Terms specify Quanto/Compo Feature as "Quanto", the Underlying Currency is not the same as 
the Specified Currency and hedging is provided with regard to the changes in the relative values of the 
Underlying Currency and the Specified Currency. 
In this case, all monetary amounts payable under the Securities or certain specific amounts payable under the 
Securities and specified in the Issue Terms shall be converted into the Specified Currency. The conversion 
shall use a Currency Exchange Rate of 1:1, i.e. one unit of the Underlying Currency shall correspond to one 
unit of the Specified Currency. 
4.3 
Compo 
If the Issue Terms specify Quanto/Compo Feature as "Compo", the Underlying Currency is not the same as 
the Specified Currency and no hedging is provided with regard to the changes in the relative values of the 
Underlying Currency and the Specified Currency. Exchange rate movements will therefore be taken into 
account when calculating the amounts payable under the Securities. 
In this case, all monetary amounts payable under the Securities or certain specific amounts payable under the 
Securities and specified in the Issue Terms shall be converted into the Specified Currency at the Currency 
Exchange Rate on the Underlying Valuation Date.

--- Page 173 ---
Payout Conditions for Structured Securities 
Downside Features 
 
169 
 
5. 
Downside Features 
The Issue Terms will indicate the Downside Feature applicable to the Securities. The following Downside 
Features may be specified in the Issue Terms: 
5.1 
No Principal Protection Securities 
If the Issue Terms specify the Downside Feature as "No Principal Protection Securities", the following 
Downside Feature applies to the Redemption Amount: 
The Securityholder will receive an amount calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
Notional Amount x [1
+ Gearing Rate x (Final Reference Price −Initial Reference Price
Initial Reference Price
)] 
5.2 
Partially Principal Protected Securities 
If the Issue Terms specify the Downside Features as "Partially Principal Protected Securities", the following 
Downside Feature applies to the Redemption Amount: 
The Securityholder will receive an amount calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
Notional Amount x Max {Protected Amount, Gearing Rate x (Final Reference Price −Initial Reference Price
Initial Reference Price
)
+ 1} 
5.3 
Fully Principal Protected Securities  
If the Issue Terms specify the Downside Feature as "Fully Principal Protected Securities", the following 
Downside Feature applies to the Redemption Amount: 
The Securityholder will receive the Notional Amount plus the Downside Premium. 
5.4 
Barrier Securities 
If the Issue Terms specify the Downside Feature as "Barrier Securities", the following Downside Feature 
applies to the Redemption Amount: 
(a) 
If a Barrier Event has not occurred, the Securityholder will receive an amount calculated in accordance 
with the following formula: 
Notional Amount x Return Factor 
(b) 
If a Barrier Event has occurred, the Securityholder will receive an amount calculated in accordance 
with the following formula: 
Notional Amount x [Gearing Rate x (Final Reference Price −Initial Reference Price
Initial Reference Price
)
+ 1] 
5.5 
Buffer Securities 
If the Issue Terms specify the Downside Feature as "Buffer Securities", the following Downside Feature 
applies to the Redemption Amount:

--- Page 174 ---
Payout Conditions for Structured Securities 
Downside Features 
 
170 
 
(a) 
If the Final Reference Price is (x) greater than or equal to or (y) greater than, depending on which 
is specified as the Condition for applying (a) or (b) in the Issue Terms, the Buffer Threshold Value, 
the Securityholder will receive an amount calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
Notional Amount x Return Factor 
 
(b) 
If the Final Reference Price is (x) lower than or (y) lower than or equal to, depending on which is 
specified as the Condition for applying (a) or (b) in the Issue Terms, the Buffer Threshold Value, the 
Securityholder will receive an amount calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
Notional Amount x [1+((Final Reference Price – Buffer Threshold Value) x  
Gearing Rate / Initial Reference Price)] 
5.6 
Definitions applicable to Downside Features 
"Barrier Event" means: 
(a) 
If the Barrier Type is specified as "Daily Observation" in the Issue Terms, a Barrier Event has occurred 
if the Reference Price (x) falls below or (y) is equal to or falls below, depending on which is specified 
as the Condition for Barrier Event in the Issue Terms, the Barrier Level on any day during the Barrier 
Observation Period. 
(b) 
If the Barrier Type is specified as "Maturity" in the Issue Terms, a Barrier Event has occurred if the 
Final Reference Price (x) is below or (y) is equal to or below, depending on which is specified as the 
Condition for Barrier Event in the Issue Terms, the Barrier Level. 
(c) 
If the Barrier Type is specified as "Continuous" in the Issue Terms, a Barrier Event has occurred if the 
Reference Price (x) falls below or (y) is equal to or falls below, depending on which is specified as 
the Condition for Barrier Event in the Issue Terms, the Barrier Level at any time during the Barrier 
Observation Period. 
"Barrier Type" will be Daily Observation, Maturity or Continuous, as specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Barrier Level" will be specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Barrier Observation Period" will be specified in the Issue Terms as the time between the Barrier Start Date 
(excluded) and the Barrier End Date (included). 
"Buffer Threshold Value" will be specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Downside Premium" will be specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Gearing Rate" will be specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Protected Amount" will be specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Return Factor" will be specified in the Issue Terms.

--- Page 175 ---
Payout Conditions for Structured Securities 
Underlying Features of Structured Securities 
 
171 
 
6. 
Underlying Features of Structured Securities 
The Issue Terms will indicate the Underlying Feature applicable to the Securities. The Issue Terms may also 
specify that different Underlying Features apply with respect to the determinations made under different 
sections of these Payout Conditions for Structured Securities. 
6.1 
Single Name 
If the Underlying Feature is specified as "Single Name" in the Issue Terms, the following applies: 
"Reference Price" means the Level. 
6.2 
Weighted Basket 
If the Underlying Feature is specified as "Weighted Basket" in the Issue Terms, the following applies: 
"Reference Price" means the sum of the respective Level of the individual Underlyings set out in the Issue 
Terms multiplied by their respective weight, as specified in the Issue Terms, which may also be negative. 
6.3 
Worst-of 
If the Underlying Feature is specified as "Worst-of" in the Issue Terms, the Reference Price and the 
Performance of the Underlying of each individual Underlying set out in the Issue Terms will be calculated, 
where "Reference Price" means the Level of the individual Underlying. The relevant Reference Price will be 
the Reference Price of the Underlying which has the lowest Performance of the Underlying calculated in that 
way. 
6.4 
Dividend Yield 
If the Underlying Feature is specified as "Dividend Yield" in the Issue Terms, the Reference Price will be 
calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
Level of Underlying1;𝑡
Max(Level of Underlying2; t−i; DivFloor) 
Where: 
"DivFloor" will be specified in the Issue Terms, if applicable. 
"Level of Underlying1; t" means the Level of Underlying1, as specified in the Issue Terms, with respect 
to such Underlying Valuation Date. 
"Level of Underlying2; t-i" means the Level of Underlying2, as specified in the Issue Terms, with 
respect to the day preceding such Underlying Valuation Date by the Set-off Period, unless no Level is 
available with respect to Underlying2 in respect of such date in which case the relevant day shall be 
the next day following such day preceding such Underlying Valuation Date on which a Level with 
respect to Underlying2 is available. 
"Set-off Period" will be specified in the Issue Terms. 
6.5 
Alpha 
If the Underlying Feature is specified as "Alpha" in the Issue Terms, the Reference Price will be calculated in 
accordance with the following formula: 
∑1
nUL
nUL
𝑖=1
 x 
Bestt
Bestinitial
−
Indext
Indexinitial

--- Page 176 ---
Payout Conditions for Structured Securities 
Underlying Features of Structured Securities 
 
172 
 
"nUL" means the number of the best performing components constituting the Underlying which are taken into 
account for calculating the Reference Price. 
"Bestt" means the respective Level of each of the best performing components constituting the Underlying 
with respect to the Underlying Valuation Date. 
"Bestinitial" means the respective Level of each of the best performing components constituting the Underlying 
on the Strike Date. 
"Indext" means the Level of the Underlying with respect to the Underlying Valuation Date. 
"Indexinitial" means the Level of the Underlying on the Strike Date. 
6.6 
Initial Reference Price Method and Final Reference Price Method 
Regardless of the Underlying Feature specified in the Issue Terms, the Issue Terms will specify the applicable 
Initial Reference Price Method and Final Reference Price Method: 
Initial Reference Price 
Method and Final 
Reference Price Method 
Initial Reference Price 
Final Reference Price 
Single 
The Reference Price on the Strike 
Date. 
The 
Reference 
Price 
on 
the 
Redemption Valuation Date 
Averaging 
The arithmetic mean of the Reference 
Prices determined with respect to the 
Striking Period 
The arithmetic mean of the Reference 
Prices determined with respect to the 
Redemption Valuation Period 
Highest 
The 
highest 
Reference 
Price 
determined with respect to the 
Striking Period 
The 
highest 
Reference 
Price 
determined with respect to the 
Redemption Valuation Period 
Lowest 
The 
lowest 
Reference 
Price 
determined with respect to the 
Striking Period 
The 
lowest 
Reference 
Price 
determined with respect to the 
Redemption Valuation Period 
 
Different types of methods may be specified in the Issue Terms for the Initial Reference Price and the Final 
Reference Price with respect to the same Security, e.g. the specified Initial Reference Price Method may be 
"Single" and the specified Final Reference Price Method "Highest". 
6.7 
Definitions applicable to all Underlying Features 
"Absolute Final Performance of the Underlying", means the absolute value of the Final Performance of the 
Underlying. 
"Final Performance of the Underlying", expressed as a percentage, is calculated by dividing the difference 
between the Final Reference Price and the Initial Reference Price by the Initial Reference Price. 
"Final Reference Price" means the Final Reference Price determined in accordance with the applicable Final 
Reference Price Method. 
"Final Reference Price Method" will be specified in the Issue Terms as Single, Averaging, Highest or 
Lowest. 
"Initial Reference Price" means the Initial Reference Price determined in accordance with the applicable 
Initial Reference Price Method.

--- Page 177 ---
Payout Conditions for Structured Securities 
Underlying Features of Structured Securities 
 
173 
 
"Initial Reference Price Method" will be specified in the Issue Terms as Single, Averaging, Highest or 
Lowest. 
"Level" has the meaning given to it in the Underlying Specific Conditions. 
"Performance of the Underlying", expressed as a percentage, is calculated by dividing the difference between 
the Reference Price and the Initial Reference Price by the Initial Reference Price. 
"Redemption Valuation Date" will be specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Redemption Valuation Period" will be either (i) any day for which the Reference Price is available within 
a period specified by a start date and an end date (and including both dates) or (ii) a list of dates, in each case 
as specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Strike Date" will be specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Striking Period" will be either (i) any day for which the Reference Price is available within a period specified 
by a start date and an end date (and including both dates) or (ii) a list of dates, in each case as specified in the 
Issue Terms.

--- Page 178 ---
Payout Conditions for Structured Securities 
Redemption Features of Structured Securities 
 
174 
 
7. 
Redemption Features of Structured Securities 
The Issue Terms will indicate the Redemption Feature applicable to the Securities. 
On the Redemption Date, in addition to any final Coupon, if payable, the Securityholder will receive a 
Redemption Amount that is based on the performance of the Underlying (except in the case of "Static" as the 
Redemption Feature), denominated in the Specified Currency. In the case of "Amortising" as the Redemption 
Feature, the redemption payment will be made on the Amortisation Payment Date(s) as well as on the 
Redemption Date. The Redemption Amount, depending on which Redemption Feature has been specified in 
the Issue Terms, will be determined as follows: 
7.1 
Static 
If the Issue Terms specify the Redemption Feature as "Static", the Redemption Amount will be calculated in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Notional Amount x Redemption Factor 
7.2 
Participation (with Cap and without Cap) 
If the Issue Terms specify the Redemption Feature as "Participation", the Redemption Amount will be 
determined as follows: 
(a) 
If the Final Reference Price is (x) greater than or (y) greater than or equal to, depending on which 
is specified as the Condition for applying (a) or (b) in the Issue Terms, the Initial Reference Price, the 
Securityholder will receive an amount calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
Notional Amount x [Upside Premium +
Participation Rate x (
Final Reference Price−initial Reference Price
initial Reference Price
) + 1]  
If the Issue Terms specify a Cap, the Redemption Amount will not exceed the Cap. 
(b) 
If the Final Reference Price is (x) lower than or equal to or (y) lower than, depending on which is 
specified as the Condition for applying (a) or (b) in the Issue Terms, the Initial Reference Price, the 
Securityholder will receive an amount calculated pursuant to the relevant Downside Feature set out in 
Payout Condition 5 (Downside Features) as specified in the Issue Terms: 
(i) 
No Principal Protection Securities (as defined in Section 5.1); 
(ii) 
Partially Principal Protected Securities (as defined in Section 5.2); 
(iii) 
Fully Principal Protected Securities (as defined in Section 5.3); 
(iv) 
Barrier Securities (as defined in Section 5.4); or 
(v) 
Buffer Securities (as defined in Section 5.5). 
7.3 
In the Money Participation (with Cap and without Cap) 
If the Issue Terms specify the Redemption Feature as "In the Money Participation", the Redemption Amount 
will be determined as follows: 
(a) 
If the Final Reference Price is (x) greater than or (y) greater than or equal to, depending on which 
is specified as the Condition for applying (a) or (b) in the Issue Terms, the Threshold Level, the 
Securityholder will receive an amount calculated in accordance with the following formula:

--- Page 179 ---
Payout Conditions for Structured Securities 
Redemption Features of Structured Securities 
 
175 
 
Notional Amount x [Upside Premium +
Participation Rate x (
Final Reference Price−Threshold Level
Threshold Level
) + 1]  
If the Issue Terms specify a Cap, the Redemption Amount will not exceed the Cap. 
(b) 
If the Final Reference Price is (x) lower than or equal to or (y) lower than, depending on which is 
specified as the Condition for applying (a) or (b) in the Issue Terms, the Threshold Level, the 
Securityholder will receive an amount calculated pursuant to the relevant Downside Feature set out in 
Payout Condition 5 (Downside Features) as specified in the Issue Terms: 
(i) 
No Principal Protection Securities (as defined in Section 5.1); 
(ii) 
Partially Principal Protected Securities (as defined in Section 5.2); 
(iii) 
Fully Principal Protected Securities (as defined in Section 5.3); 
(iv) 
Barrier Securities (as defined in Section 5.4); or 
(v) 
Buffer Securities (as defined in Section 5.5). 
7.4 
Digital 
If the Issue Terms specify the Redemption Feature as "Digital", the Redemption Amount will be determined 
as follows: 
(a) 
If the Final Reference Price is (x) greater than or equal to or (y) greater than, depending on which 
is specified as the Condition for applying (a) or (b) in the Issue Terms, the Threshold Level, the 
Securityholder will receive the greater of: 
(i) 
Upside Settlement Amount; and 
(ii) 
Notional Amount x [
1 + Participation Rate
 x Final Performance of the Underlying] 
(b) 
If the Final Reference Price is (x) lower than or (y) lower than or equal to, depending on which is 
specified as the Condition for applying (a) or (b) in the Issue Terms, the Threshold Level, the 
Securityholder will receive an amount calculated pursuant to the relevant Downside Feature set out in 
Payout Condition 5 (Downside Features) as specified in the Issue Terms: 
(i) 
No Principal Protection Securities (as defined in Section 5.1); 
(ii) 
Partially Principal Protected Securities (as defined in Section 5.2); 
(iii) 
Fully Principal Protected Securities (as defined in Section 5.3); 
(iv) 
Barrier Securities (as defined in Section 5.4); or 
(v) 
Buffer Securities (as defined in Section 5.5). 
7.5 
Twin Win Securities 
If the Issue Terms specifies the Redemption Feature as "Twin Win Securities", the following Downside Feature 
applies to the Redemption Amount: 
(a) 
If the Final Reference Price is (x) greater than or equal to or (y) greater than, depending on which 
is specified as the Condition for applying (a) or (b) in the Issue Terms, the Twin Win Barrier, the 
Securityholder will receive an amount calculated in accordance with the following formula:

--- Page 180 ---
Payout Conditions for Structured Securities 
Redemption Features of Structured Securities 
 
176 
 
Notional Amount x (1 +
(Twin Win Factor x Absolute Final Performance of the Underlying))  
(b) 
If the Final Reference Price is (x) lower than or equal to or (y) lower than, depending on which is 
specified as the Condition for applying (a) or (b) in the Issue Terms, the Twin Win Barrier, the 
Securityholder will receive an amount calculated pursuant to the Twin Win Downside Feature as 
specified in the Issue Terms and such calculation shall be made by reference to Sections 5.1 to 5.5 
above as follows (with any reference in these sections to the Downside Feature being read as the Twin 
Win Downside Feature): 
(i) 
"No Principal Protection Securities": calculated in accordance with Section 5.1; 
(ii) 
"Partially Principal Protected Securities": calculated in accordance with Section 5.2; 
(iii) 
"Fully Principal Protected Securities": calculated in accordance with Section 5.3; 
(iv) 
"Barrier Securities": calculated in accordance with Section 5.4; or 
(v) 
"Buffer Securities": calculated in accordance with Section 5.5. 
7.6 
Income 
If the Issue Terms specify the Redemption Feature as "Income", the Redemption Amount will be determined 
as follows: 
(a) 
If the Final Reference Price is (x) greater than or equal to or (y) greater than, depending on which 
is specified as the Condition for applying (a) or (b) in the Issue Terms, the Initial Reference Price, the 
Securityholder will receive an amount calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
Notional Amount x Redemption Factor 
(b) 
If the Final Reference Price is (x) lower than or equal to or (y) lower than, depending on which is 
specified as the Condition for applying (a) or (b) in the Issue Terms, the Initial Reference Price, the 
Securityholder will receive an amount calculated pursuant to the relevant Downside Feature set out in 
Payout Condition 5 (Downside Features) as specified in the Issue Terms: 
(i) 
No Principal Protection Securities (as defined in Section 5.1); 
(ii) 
Partially Principal Protected Securities (as defined in Section 5.2); 
(iii) 
Fully Principal Protected Securities (as defined in Section 5.3); 
(iv) 
Barrier Securities (as defined in Section 5.4); or 
(v) 
Buffer Securities (as defined in Section 5.5). 
7.7 
Lock-in 
If the Issue Terms specify the Redemption Feature as "Lock-in", the Redemption Amount will be determined 
as follows: 
(a) 
If a Lock-in Event has occurred (as defined in Section 2.13 (Business Day Convention)), the 
Securityholder will receive an amount calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
Notional Amount x Redemption Factor 
(b) 
If a Lock-in Event has not occurred (as defined in Section 2.13 (Business Day Convention)), the 
Securityholder will receive an amount calculated pursuant to the relevant Downside Feature set out in 
Payout Condition 5 (Downside Features) as specified in the Issue Terms:

--- Page 181 ---
Payout Conditions for Structured Securities 
Redemption Features of Structured Securities 
 
177 
 
(i) 
No Principal Protection Securities (as defined in Section 5.1); 
(ii) 
Partially Principal Protected Securities (as defined in Section 5.2); 
(iii) 
Fully Principal Protected Securities (as defined in Section 5.3); 
(iv) 
Barrier Securities (as defined in Section 5.4); or 
(v) 
Buffer Securities (as defined in Section 5.5). 
7.8 
Shark Fin 
If the Issue Terms specify the Redemption Feature as "Shark Fin", the Redemption Amount will be determined 
as follows: 
(a) 
If the Final Reference Price is (x) greater than or (y) greater than or equal to, depending on which 
is specified as the Condition for applying (a) or (b) in the Issue Terms, the Threshold Level, the 
Securityholder will receive an amount calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
Notional Amount x Redemption Factor 
(b) 
If the Final Reference Price is (x) lower than or equal to or (y) lower than, depending on which is 
specified as the Condition for applying (a) or (b) in the Issue Terms, the Threshold Level, but 
(x) greater than or (y) greater than or equal to, depending on which is specified as the Condition 
for applying (b) or (c) in the Issue Terms, the Initial Reference Price, the Securityholder will receive 
an amount calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
Notional Amount x [1 + Final Performance of the Underlying] 
(c) 
If the Final Reference Price is (x) lower than or equal to or (y) lower than, depending on which is 
specified as the Condition for applying (b) or (c) in the Issue Terms, the Initial Reference Price, the 
Securityholder will receive an amount calculated pursuant to the relevant Downside Feature set out in 
Payout Condition 5 (Downside Features) as specified in the Issue Terms: 
(i) 
No Principal Protection Securities (as defined in Section 5.1); 
(ii) 
Partially Principal Protected Securities (as defined in Section 5.2); 
(iii) 
Fully Principal Protected Securities (as defined in Section 5.3); 
(iv) 
Barrier Securities (as defined in Section 5.4); or 
(v) 
Buffer Securities (as defined in Section 5.5). 
7.9 
Amortising 
If the Issue Terms specify the Redemption Feature as "Amortising", the Redemption Amount will be 
determined as follows and will be paid on each of the Amortisation Payment Date(s) and the Redemption Date: 
Notional Amount x Amortisation Rate  
7.10 
Restrike 
If the Issue Terms specify the Redemption Feature as "Restrike", the Redemption Amount will be determined 
as follows: 
Notional Amount x (1 + Participation Rate × 1
nR
 ∑(Restrike Performance)
nR
t=1
)

--- Page 182 ---
Payout Conditions for Structured Securities 
Redemption Features of Structured Securities 
 
178 
 
7.11 
Spread 
If the Issue Terms specify the Redemption Feature as "Spread", the Redemption Amount will be determined 
in accordance with the Spread Feature specified in the Issue Terms: 
Standard 
Spread 
Notional Amount x (1
+ Participation Rate 
× ∑
Weight of Underlyingi × Final Performancei
nUL,i
𝑖=1
) 
×  Redemption Factor  
Capped/Floored 
Spread 
Notional Amount x (1
+ Participation Rate 
×  Max (Floor;Min (Cap; ∑
Weight of Underlyingi
nUL,i
𝑖=1
× Final Performance of Underlying𝑖)))  x Redemption Factor 
Weighted 
Spread 
1 + Max (Floor; Min(Cap;Redemption Factor ×
× ∑(Weight of Underlyingi × Final Reference Price i
Initial Reference Pricei
)
nUL,i
𝑖=1
)) 
7.12 
Definitions applicable to Redemption Features of Structured Securities 
"Amortisation Payment Date" will be specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Amortisation Rate" will be specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Cap" will be specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Final Performancei" means the Final Performance with respect to the Underlying i. 
"Final Reference Pricei" means the Final Reference Price with respect to the Underlying i. 
"Floor" will be specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Initial Reference Pricei" means the Initial Reference Price with respect to the Underlying i. 
"Level of Underlying1" means the Level of Underlying1, as specified in the Issue Terms, with respect to such 
Underlying Valuation Date. 
"Level of Underlying2" means the Level of Underlying2, as specified in the Issue Terms. 
"nR" means the number identifying the relevant Restrike Observation Period starting with one, as set out in the 
Issue Terms. 
"nUL, i" means the number of the Underlyings i, as specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Participation Rate" will be specified in the Issue Terms.

--- Page 183 ---
Payout Conditions for Structured Securities 
Redemption Features of Structured Securities 
 
179 
 
"Rebate Amount" will be specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Redemption Factor" will be specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Restrike Observation Period" means the respective period from the Restrike Observation Period Start Date 
(including) to the following Restrike Observation Period End Date (including) which will be set out in the 
form of a table in the Issue Terms. 
"Restrike Performance", with respect to a Restrike Observation Period and expressed as a percentage, is 
calculated either (a) by dividing the Reference Price on the respective Restrike Observation Period End Date 
by the Reference Price on the respective Restrike Observation Period Start Date and subtracting one (1) from 
the result (Restrike Standard) or (b) by dividing the Reference Price on the respective Restrike Observation 
Period End Date by the Reference Price on the respective Restrike Observation Period Start Date and 
subtracting one (1) from the result and then taking the absolute value of that result (Restrike Absolute). 
"Threshold Level" will be specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Twin Win Barrier" will be specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Twin Win Downside Feature" will be specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Twin Win Factor" will be specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Upside Premium" will be specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Upside Settlement Amount" will be specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Weight of Underlyingi" means the weight assigned to the respective Underlying i, as specified in the Issue 
Terms, which may also be negative.

--- Page 184 ---
Payout Conditions for Credit Linked Notes 
 
180 
 
PAYOUT CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
These Payout Conditions for Credit Linked Notes (the "Payout Conditions for Credit Linked Notes"), 
together with any other additional terms and conditions specified in the Issue Terms (including any annex 
setting out the Reference Entities for the purposes of the Credit Linked Notes, the "Relevant Annex"), apply 
to Credit Linked Notes and Hybrid Securities.  
1. 
General  
1.1 
Credit Terms  
The Issue Terms shall specify, amongst other things:  
(a) 
the Trade Date and the Scheduled Redemption Date;  
(b) 
the type of Credit Linked Notes, being Single Name Credit Linked Notes, Nth-to-Default Credit 
Linked Notes, Basket Credit Linked Notes or Tranched CLNs;  
(c) 
the Reference Entity or Reference Entities in respect of which a Credit Event may occur and, in each 
case, the related Transaction Type (if applicable, by way of reference to a Relevant Annex);  
(d) 
the Reference Entity Notional Amount or, as applicable, Reference Entity Weighting in respect of each 
Reference Entity (save where such terms are set out in a Relevant Annex);  
(e) 
the Reference Obligation(s) (if any) in respect of each Reference Entity (if applicable, by specifying 
"Standard Reference Obligation: Applicable");  
(f) 
the Settlement Method; and 
(g) 
if the Credit Linked Notes are Combination Credit Linked Notes, the relevant information in 
subparagraphs (b) to (f) above for each related Credit Component.  
1.2 
Index Credit Linked Notes  
Where "Index Credit Linked Notes" is specified as "applicable" in the Issue Terms:  
Notwithstanding Credit Linked Note Payout Condition 6 (Successors), the Reference Entities for the purposes 
of the Credit Linked Notes shall be as set out in the Relevant Annex (together with, in respect of each relevant 
Reference Entity, the Reference Entity Notional Amount or, as applicable, the Reference Entity Weighting, 
Reference Obligations and Substitute Reference Obligations) as set out in the Issue Terms, or, as applicable, 
as determined and published from time to time by the relevant Index Sponsor. The Calculation Agent may rely 
on any determinations of the relevant Index Sponsor and neither the Issuer nor the Calculation Agent will have 
any liability to the Securityholders or any other person as a result of relying on any such determination.  
1.3 
Hybrid Securities 
Where "Hybrid Securities" is specified as "applicable" in the Issue Terms:  
These Payout Conditions for Credit Linked Notes, the Payout Conditions for Structured Securities as well as 
the Underlying Linked Notes, apply to the Securities in accordance with the elections made in the Issue Terms.

--- Page 185 ---
Payout Conditions for Credit Linked Notes 
 
181 
 
2. 
Interest  
2.1 
Interest Accrual absent Event Determination Date 
(a) 
Accrual and Payment of Interest 
In the case of Credit Linked Notes which are specified in the Issue Terms to bear interest and subject to Credit 
Linked Note Payout Condition 4.8 (Credit Linked Principal Only Credit Linked Notes), such interest shall 
accrue on the daily Outstanding Notional Amount of each Credit Linked Note.  
Unless otherwise specified in the Issue Terms for Hybrid Securities, the Securityholder will in respect of each 
Credit Linked Note receive fixed coupon payments (the "Fixed Coupon Payments").  
Fixed Coupon Payments will be paid on each of the coupon payment dates specified in the Issue Terms (the 
"Coupon Payment Dates") at the rate(s) per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Fixed Rate(s) 
specified in the Issue Terms. The amount of each Fixed Coupon Payment will also be specified in the Issue 
Terms. 
(b) 
Broken Amounts 
If a Fixed Coupon Amount or a Broken Amount is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the amount of 
interest payable on each Coupon Payment Date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount or, if applicable, the 
Broken Amount so specified and in the case of the Broken Amount, will be payable on the particular Coupon 
Payment Date(s) specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
(c) 
Business Day Convention 
If any date referred to in these Payout Conditions for Credit Linked Notes which is specified in the Issue Terms 
to be subject to adjustment in accordance with a Business Day Convention (the "Business Day Convention") 
would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is 
in respect to all or, if so specified in the Issue Terms, in respect to specific Coupon Periods,  
(i) 
the Floating Rate Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day which 
is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (A) such 
date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and (B) each subsequent 
such date shall be the last Business Day of the month in which such date would have fallen had it not 
been subject to adjustment,  
(ii) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day which is 
a Business Day,  
(iii) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day 
which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event such 
date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day,  
(iv) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such date shall be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day, or  
(v) 
No Adjustment, such date shall not be adjusted in accordance with any Business Day 
Convention.

--- Page 186 ---
Payout Conditions for Credit Linked Notes 
 
182 
 
(d) 
Calculations 
The Coupon Payment Amount payable per Outstanding Notional Amount in respect of any Credit Linked Note 
for any period shall be equal to the product of the Rate of Interest, the Outstanding Notional Amount and the 
Day Count Fraction (if any) for such period, unless a Coupon Payment Amount (or a formula for its 
calculation) is specified in respect of such period, in which case the amount of interest payable per Outstanding 
Notional Amount in respect of such Credit Linked Note for such period shall equal such Coupon Payment 
Amount (or be calculated in accordance with such formula).  
(e) 
Definitions 
For purposes of this Payout Condition 2.1: 
"Coupon Period" means (i) the period beginning on, and including, the Coupon Commencement Date and 
ending on, but excluding, the first Coupon Payment Date thereafter and, if so specified in the Issue Terms, 
each successive period for the Fixed Rate beginning on, and including, an Coupon Payment Date and ending 
on, but excluding, the next succeeding Coupon Payment Date; and (ii) such other period (if any) in respect of 
which interest is to be calculated being the period from (and including) the first day of such period to (but 
excluding) the day on which the relevant payment of interest falls due (which, in the case of the scheduled 
final or early redemption of any Credit Linked Note, shall be the date for redemption). 
"Day Count Fraction" means, if specified as "applicable" in the Issue Terms, in respect of the calculation of 
an amount of interest on any Credit Linked Note for any period of time (from and including the first day of 
such period to but excluding the last) not comprising a complete year (whether or not constituting a Coupon 
Period, the "Calculation Period") or, if so specified in the Issue Terms, in respect to specific periods of time: 
(a) 
If "Actual/365" or "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Calculation Period 
falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period 
falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation 
Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(b) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(c) 
if "Actual/365 (Sterling)" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365 or, in the case the last day of the Calculation Period falls in a leap 
year, 366; 
(d) 
if "Actual/360" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360; 
(e) 
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction 
= 
[360 x (Y2 – Y1)] + [30 x (M2 –M1 )] + (D2 –D1)
360
 
where, 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls;

--- Page 187 ---
Payout Conditions for Credit Linked Notes 
 
183 
 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case D2 will 
be 30; 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction 
= 
[360 x (Y2 – Y1)] + [30 x (M2 –M1)] + (D2 –D1)
360
 
where, 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(f) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, 
calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction 
= 
[360 x (Y2 – Y1)] + [30 x (M2 –M1)] + (D2 –D1)
360
 
where, 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day included 
the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is 
the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Redemption Date or (ii) 
such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; and

--- Page 188 ---
Payout Conditions for Credit Linked Notes 
 
184 
 
(g) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
(i) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which 
the Calculation Period ends, the number of days in such Calculation Period divided by the 
product of (1) the number of days in such Determination Period and (2) the number of 
Determination Dates (as specified in the applicable Issue Terms) that would occur in one 
calendar year; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Credit Linked Note where the Calculation Period is longer than the 
Determination Period during which the Calculation Period ends, the sum of: 
(A) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Determination Period in 
which the Calculation Period begins divided by the product of (x) the number of days 
in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates (as specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms) that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(B) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Determination Period 
divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination Period and (y) 
the number of Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar year. 
"Fixed Rate" means the fixed rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of the Credit Linked Notes 
and which is either specified in the Issue Terms, or otherwise calculated in accordance with the provisions 
hereof.  
"Interest Commencement Date" means the date of issue of the Credit Linked Notes (the "Issue Date") or 
such other date as may be specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
2.2 
Interest Accrual following Event Determination Date 
Upon the occurrence of an Event Determination Date in respect of any Reference Entity, the Outstanding 
Notional Amount of each Credit Linked Note shall, for the purposes of the calculation of accrual of interest 
thereon, be deemed to have been reduced in an amount equal to such Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of 
the relevant Reference Entity Notional Amount (or, in the case of Tranched CLNs, of the corresponding 
Writedown Amount) with effect from and including:  
(a) 
either:  
(i) 
if "Accrual to Coupon Payment Date" is specified as "applicable" in the Issue Terms, the 
Coupon Payment Date; or  
(ii) 
if "Accrual to Coupon Period End Date" is specified as "applicable" in the Issue Terms, the 
Coupon Period End Date (as so specified, the "Coupon Period End Date"),  
immediately preceding such Event Determination Date (or, in the case of the first Coupon Payment 
Date or Coupon Period End Date, the Coupon Commencement Date or Issue Date, as applicable); or  
(b) 
if "Accrual to Event Determination Date" is specified as "applicable" in the Issue Terms, such Event 
Determination Date.  
2.3 
Interest following Scheduled Maturity 
Subject always to Credit Linked Note Payout Condition 2.2 (Interest Accrual following Event Determination 
Date), if an Extension Notice has been given (other than pursuant to paragraph 10.1(d) of the definition of 
"Extension Notice") and "Extension Period Interest" is specified as "applicable" in the relevant Issue Terms, 
each Credit Linked Note which is outstanding following the Scheduled Redemption Date shall continue to 
bear interest on its daily Outstanding Notional Amount from (and including) the Scheduled Redemption Date 
to (but excluding) the related CLN Redemption Date at a rate of interest equal to either:

--- Page 189 ---
Payout Conditions for Credit Linked Notes 
 
185 
 
(a) 
if "Deposit Rate" is specified as "applicable" in the Issue Terms under the heading "Interest following 
Scheduled Maturity", the rate that the National Bank of Canada would pay to an independent customer 
in respect of overnight deposits in the currency of the Credit Linked Notes; or  
(b) 
such other rate as shall be specified for such purpose in the Issue Terms (which may be zero),  
subject in all cases to a minimum of zero.  
If "Deposit Rate" is not so specified or no such other rate is specified for such purpose, no interest shall accrue 
during the relevant period. For the avoidance of doubt, if an Extension Notice has been given pursuant to 
paragraph 10.1(d) of the definition thereof, no interest shall accrue from (and including) the Scheduled 
Redemption Date to (but excluding) the related CLN Redemption Date.  
2.4 
Interest Payment Dates  
If the Credit Linked Notes are redeemed pursuant to the General Conditions or these Payout Conditions for 
Credit Linked Notes, the Scheduled Redemption Date, the CLN Redemption Date (if not the Scheduled 
Redemption Date), the last Auction Settlement Date, the last Credit Event Cash Settlement Date or the last 
Delivery Date, as the case may be, shall be an Interest Payment Date in respect of each Credit Linked Note 
and the Issuer shall pay any interest that is accrued and unpaid in respect of each Credit Linked Note on such 
Interest Payment Date.  
3. 
Redemption  
3.1 
Redemption absent Event Determination Date  
The Issuer will redeem each Credit Linked Note on the related CLN Redemption Date (as such date may be 
extended in accordance with the definition thereof) by payment of an amount equal to the Outstanding Notional 
Amount (as reduced from time to time in accordance with the definition thereof) of such Credit Linked Note 
(together with interest, if any, payable thereon) unless the Credit Linked Notes have been previously redeemed 
or purchased and cancelled in full (including pursuant to Credit Linked Note Payout Conditions 3.2 
(Redemption following Event Determination Date) or 3.4 (Redemption following a Merger Event).  
Where the Outstanding Notional Amount of any Credit Linked Note is reduced to zero, then upon the 
performance by the Issuer of any remaining obligations in respect of the Credit Linked Note (including 
pursuant to Credit Linked Note Payout Condition 3.2 (Redemption following Event Determination Date), such 
Credit Linked Note shall be deemed to have been redeemed in full without further payment. In the case of 
Tranched CLNs, redemption shall be in accordance with Credit Linked Note Payout Condition 4.2 (Tranched 
CLNs) below.  
3.2 
Redemption following Event Determination Date  
Upon the occurrence of an Event Determination Date in relation to any Reference Entity, the Issuer will:  
(a) 
if the applicable Settlement Method is "Auction Settlement", make payment in respect of each Credit 
Linked Note of its pro rata share of the Auction Settlement Amount on the Auction Settlement Date, 
unless a Fallback Settlement Event occurs, in which event the Issuer shall perform its respective 
payment and/or delivery obligations in accordance with Cash Settlement; and 
(b) 
if the applicable Settlement Method is "Cash Settlement", make payment in respect of each Credit 
Linked Note of its pro rata share of the Credit Event Cash Settlement Amount on the Credit Event 
Cash Settlement Date.  
Where the applicable Settlement Method is Auction Settlement, if an Event Determination Date occurs with 
respect to a Reference Entity following the occurrence of a Fallback Settlement Event with respect to a prior 
Event Determination Date in relation to such Reference Entity and no Fallback Settlement Event occurs with 
respect to a subsequent Event Determination Date, the Issuer shall, if it so elects on or prior to a related

--- Page 190 ---
Payout Conditions for Credit Linked Notes 
 
186 
 
Valuation Date or Delivery Date, redeem the Credit Linked Notes pursuant to the occurrence of the subsequent 
Event Determination Date in accordance with this Credit Linked Note Payout Condition 3.2 (Redemption 
following Event Determination Date) by Auction Settlement.  
This Credit Linked Note Payout Condition 3.2 (Redemption following Event Determination Date) shall not 
apply, and the Issuer shall have no obligations hereunder in respect of Zero Recovery Credit Linked Notes.  
3.3 
Settlement at Maturity  
Where "Settlement at Maturity" is specified as "applicable":  
Payment of any Outstanding Notional Amount, Auction Settlement Amounts or Credit Event Cash Settlement 
Amounts, as applicable, shall be deferred until the later of the CLN Redemption Date and the last Auction 
Settlement Date or Credit Event Cash Settlement Date determined in respect of any Reference Entity (and 
notwithstanding any other provision of the General Conditions or these Payout Conditions for Credit Linked 
Notes, no interest shall accrue on any payment of any amount which is so deferred).  
3.4 
Redemption following a Merger Event  
If "CLN Merger Event" is specified as "applicable" in the Issue Terms and in the case that:  
(a) 
"Reference Entity/Holder Merger" is specified as "applicable":  
In the event that in the determination of the Calculation Agent a Reference Entity/Holder CLN Merger 
Event has occurred, the Issuer may give notice to the Securityholders in accordance with General 
Condition 12 (Notices), and redeem all but not some only of the Credit Linked Notes on the CLN 
Merger Event Redemption Date, and if the Credit Linked Notes are so redeemed or, as the case may 
be, cancelled, the Issuer shall pay an amount to each Securityholder in respect of each Credit Linked 
Note, which amount shall be the Early Redemption Amount.  
(b) 
"Reference Entity/Issuer Merger" is specified as "applicable":  
In the event that in the determination of the Calculation Agent a Reference Entity/Issuer Merger has 
occurred, the Issuer may either:  
(i) 
redeem the Credit Linked Notes in accordance with (i) above; or  
(ii) 
replace the relevant affected Reference Entity/ies (the "Affected Reference Entity/ies") 
respectively, with Similar Reference Entity/ies. In such event, the costs of the Issuer arising in 
connection with any re-hedging of such substitution may be recovered through an adjustment 
to the interest payable on the Credit Linked Notes and/or any redemption amounts payments 
payable under the Credit Linked Notes. The Calculation Agent shall notify the Issuer, which 
shall in its turn notify the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 12 (Notices) 
of the decision taken by the Issuer and any adjustments made to the terms of the Credit Linked 
Notes, stating the relevant adjustment and giving brief details of the relevant event in respect 
of which such adjustment was made, provided that any failure to give such notice shall not 
affect the validity of the relevant event or any action taken.  
For purposes of this Payout Condition 3.4(b): 
"Similar Reference Entity" means an entity with an equivalent Rating (as defined below) or an equivalent 
credit risk (if no Rating is available to the relevant Reference Entity), and as secondary criteria geographic and 
Transaction Type proximity to such Reference Entity.  
"Rating" means the senior unsecured debt rating assigned by the three rating agencies Moody's Investor 
Service, Inc., Standard & Poor's Ratings Services, a division of Standard & Poor's Credit Market Service 
Europe Limited and Fitch Ratings or any of them, it being understood that if the ratings assigned in respect of 
an entity are not equivalent, only the highest one(s) will be taken into consideration.

--- Page 191 ---
Payout Conditions for Credit Linked Notes 
 
187 
 
3.5 
Suspension of Obligations  
If there is a DC Credit Event Question in relation to any Reference Entity, then (unless the Issuer otherwise 
elects by notice to the Calculation Agent and the Securityholders) from the date of such DC Credit Event 
Question (and notwithstanding that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has yet to 
determine whether Publicly Available Information is available or that a Credit Event has occurred), any 
obligation of the Issuer to redeem any Credit Linked Note (including pursuant to Credit Linked Note Payout 
Condition 3.2 (Redemption following Event Determination Date) (and the timing requirements of the Credit 
Event Cash Settlement Date, Valuation Date and any other provisions pertaining to settlement) insofar as it 
relates to the relevant Reference Entity, or pay any amount of interest which would otherwise be due thereon 
or any obligation of the Calculation Agent to calculate any amount of interest (in each case, regardless of 
whether any such interest relates to the relevant Reference Entity), shall be and remain suspended until the 
date of the relevant DC Credit Event Announcement, DC No Credit Event Announcement or DC Credit Event 
Question Dismissal.  
During such suspension period, the Issuer shall not be obliged to, nor entitled to, take any action in connection 
with the redemption of the Credit Linked Notes, in each case insofar as they relate to the relevant Reference 
Entity, or in connection with the payment of any applicable interest on the Credit Linked Notes, nor, if the 
Issue Terms specifies that "Calculation and Settlement Suspension" applies, shall the Calculation Agent be 
obliged to take any action in connection with the calculation of any amount of interest (in each case, if the 
Issue Terms specifies that "Calculation and Settlement Suspension" applies, regardless of whether any such 
interest relates to the relevant Reference Entity). Once the relevant DC Credit Event Announcement, DC No 
Credit Event Announcement or DC Credit Event Question Dismissal has occurred, such suspension shall 
terminate and any obligations so suspended shall resume on the CLN Business Day following such public 
announcement by ISDA, with the Issuer and, as the case may be, the Calculation Agent having the benefit of 
the full day notwithstanding when the suspension began. Any amount of interest so suspended shall, subject 
always to Credit Linked Note Payout Condition 2.2 (Interest Accrual following Event Determination Date), 
become due on a date selected by the Calculation Agent falling not later than fifteen Business Days following 
such public announcement by ISDA.  
For the avoidance of doubt, no interest shall accrue on any payment of interest or any other amounts which are 
deferred in accordance with this Credit Linked Note Payout Condition 3.5 (Suspension of Obligations).  
3.6 
Miscellaneous provisions relating to Redemption  
If the Credit Linked Notes are partially redeemed, the relevant Materialised Credit Linked Notes or, if the 
Credit Linked Notes are represented by a Global Security, such Global Security, shall be endorsed to reflect 
such partial redemption. Upon such partial redemption, the Outstanding Notional Amount of each Credit 
Linked Note shall be reduced for all purposes (including accrual of interest thereon but without duplication 
with any cessation of interest accrual pursuant to Credit Linked Note Payout Condition 2.2 (Interest Accrual 
following Event Determination Date) accordingly. The foregoing provision does not apply to Dematerialised 
Securities. 
Redemption of any Credit Linked Note in accordance with this Credit Linked Note Payout Condition 3 
(Redemption), together with payment of interest, if any, due thereon shall discharge all or the relevant portion 
of the obligations of the Issuer in relation thereto.  
4. 
Terms relating to Credit-Linkage Features  
4.1 
Nth-to-Default Credit Linked Notes  
The following provisions apply in respect of Nth-to-Default Credit Linked Notes:  
An Event Determination Date shall not be taken into account for the purposes of Credit Linked Note Payout 
Conditions 2 (Interest) and 3 (Redemption)unless and until the number of Reference Entities in respect of 
which an Event Determination Date has occurred is equal to "N" (as specified in the Issue Terms).

--- Page 192 ---
Payout Conditions for Credit Linked Notes 
 
188 
 
Unless a value is specified for "M" in the Issue Terms of such Credit Linked Notes, with effect from such date, 
no Event Determination Date shall occur in respect of any other relevant Reference Entity.  
Where a value is specified for "M", the provisions of Credit Linked Note Payout Conditions 2 (Interest) and 3 
(Redemption) shall apply in respect of every subsequent Event Determination Date until the number of 
Reference Entities in respect of which an Event Determination Date has occurred is equal to "M" (as specified 
in the Issue Terms). 
4.2 
Tranched CLNs  
The following provisions apply in respect of Credit Linked Notes that are Tranched CLNs: 
For clarification, in respect of such Credit Linked Notes, in the event of any inconsistency between the 
following and the other the Payout Conditions for Credit Linked Notes, the following shall prevail:  
(a) 
Unless the Credit Linked Notes have been previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled in full 
(including pursuant to any Credit Linked Note Payout Condition), the Issuer will redeem each 
Tranched CLN on the CLN Redemption Date by payment of an amount equal to the Outstanding 
Notional Amount of such Credit Linked Note (together with interest, if any, payable thereon) plus,  
(i) 
if "Incurred Recoveries" are specified as "applicable" in the relevant Issue Terms its pro rata 
share of the Aggregate Incurred Recovery Amount,  
(ii) 
provided that (unless "Zero Recovery" is not specified to be "applicable" or the Final Price is 
specified in the Issue Terms) if an Unsettled Credit Event has occurred,  
(A) 
a Redemption Preliminary Amount will be payable on the CLN Redemption Date and 
a Redemption Residual Amount will be payable on the Final Settlement Date, and  
(B) 
the Aggregate Incurred Recovery Amount (if any) in respect of each Tranched CLN 
shall be payable on the Final Settlement Date instead of the CLN Redemption Date. 
For the avoidance of doubt, no interest shall accrue or be payable in respect of any Aggregate Incurred 
Recovery Amount or any payment or postponement of payment thereof.  
(b) 
If the Outstanding Notional Amount of any Tranched CLN is reduced to zero, such Credit Linked Note 
will be redeemed in full by payment of an amount equal to its pro rata share of the Aggregate Incurred 
Recovery Amount (if any) on the Final Settlement Date, and, for the avoidance of doubt, no interest 
shall accrue or be payable in respect of any Aggregate Incurred Recovery Amount or any payment or 
postponement of payment thereof) and the Issuer shall have no further obligations in respect of such 
Credit Linked Notes.  
(c) 
If the Calculation Agent determines in relation to any Reference Entity:  
(i) 
without prejudice to the sub-paragraphs below, that a Credit Event has occurred or may occur 
on or prior to any Interest Payment Date;  
(ii) 
that a Potential Failure to Pay has occurred or may occur on or prior to any Interest Payment 
Date;  
(iii) 
that a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium has occurred or may occur on or prior to any Interest 
Payment Date;  
(iv) 
that a Credit Event Resolution Request Date has occurred or may occur on or prior to any Interest 
Payment Date; or  
(v) 
(unless "Zero Recovery" is not specified to be applicable or the Final Price is specified in the 
Issue Terms) that an Unsettled Credit Event has occurred,

--- Page 193 ---
Payout Conditions for Credit Linked Notes 
 
189 
 
then interest (if any) on such Tranched CLN shall be deemed to cease to accrue on an Outstanding 
Notional Amount equal to its pro rata share of the sum of:  
(A) 
the maximum Incurred Loss Amounts; and  
(B) 
the maximum Incurred Recovery Amounts (if "Incurred Recoveries" are specified as 
"applicable in the Issue Terms) which could be determined (assuming an Auction 
Final Price, Weighted Average Final Price or Final Price of zero) (a "Deemed Interest 
Reduction") with effect from and including the Coupon Period End Date (or, if none, 
the Interest Commencement Date) immediately preceding the date of such 
determination or (in the case of the occurrence of an Unsettled Credit Event) the 
relevant date applicable pursuant to Credit Linked Note Condition 2.2 (Interest 
Accrual following Event Determination Date).  
In such case, the related Interest Shortfall Amount (if any) shall be payable on the first Interest Payment 
Date to occur after the second Business Day following the related Final Price Calculation Date or the 
related date of determination by the Calculation Agent that no Event Determination Date has 
subsequently occurred or could subsequently occur in respect of the relevant Reference Entity, or, if 
there is no such Interest Payment Date, the Final Settlement Date.  
No interest shall be payable in respect of any such postponement of payment of any Interest Shortfall 
Amount or any other interest or other amounts.  
(d) 
If any day is a Final Price Calculation Date with respect to more than one Reference Entity, the Loss 
Amount, the Recovery Amount, the Incurred Loss Amount and the Incurred Recovery Amount (if 
applicable) with respect to each Reference Entity shall be calculated in the order that either of the 
following events occurred with respect to such Reference Entities:  
(i) 
the Credit Event Resolution Request Date (provided that if a Credit Event Resolution Request 
Date occurs in respect of more than one such Reference Entity on the same day, the first 
Reference Entity in respect of which the DC Secretary announces that the relevant DC Credit 
Event Question was effective and the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
was in possession of the relevant Publicly Available Information, in each case in accordance 
with the "Credit Event Resolution Request Date" definition, shall be deemed to have satisfied 
this condition first) or  
(ii) 
the delivery of the Credit Event Notice (provided that if any of the relevant Credit Event Notices 
are delivered at the same time, in a sequential order as determined by the Calculation Agent).  
4.3 
Combination Credit Linked Notes  
Where the Credit Linked Notes are Combination Credit Linked Notes and principal and interest components 
have different credit linkage:  
(a) 
where any Credit Component is specified in the Issue Terms as an "Interest Component", amounts 
payable in respect of interest on the Credit Linked Notes shall, subject to (d) below, be calculated by 
reference to the terms set out in respect of such Credit Component; 
(b) 
where any Credit Component is specified in the Issue Terms as a "Principal Component", amounts 
payable by way of redemption of the Credit Linked Notes shall, subject to (d) below, be calculated by 
reference to the terms set out in respect of such Credit Component;  
(c) 
where any Credit Component is specified in the Issue Terms as a "Principal and Interest Component", 
amounts payable in respect of interest on the Credit Linked Notes or by way of redemption of the 
Credit Linked Notes shall, subject to (d) below, be calculated by reference to the terms set out in 
respect of such Credit Component; and

--- Page 194 ---
Payout Conditions for Credit Linked Notes 
 
190 
 
(d) 
more than one Credit Component may be specified in the Issue Terms as an "Interest Component", 
"Principal Component" or "Principal and Interest Component", provided that a related "Component 
Percentage" is specified; in such case, all references in the definitions of "Reference Entity Notional 
Amount" and "Outstanding Notional Amount" to the "initial aggregate Notional Amount" shall, for 
the purposes of such Credit Component be references to the related Component Notional Amount.  
4.4 
Hybrid Securities  
The following provisions apply in respect of Hybrid Securities:  
(a) 
if the Issue Terms provide that "Event Determination Date Overrides Automatic Early Redemption" 
is "applicable":  
An Automatic Early Redemption Date shall not be capable of occurring in respect of the Credit Linked 
Notes if, as of the related Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, an Event Determination Date 
has occurred (but any Event Determination Date occurring after such Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date shall be disregarding);  
(b) 
if the Issue Terms specify that "Credit Linked Calculation Basis" is "applicable":  
Any reference to the "Notional Amount", "Calculation Amount", "Specified Denomination" or any 
related abbreviation for the purpose of determining any amount payable by way of interest or coupon 
or on scheduled or early redemption of the Credit Linked Notes and which is calculated by reference 
to an Underlying shall be to the Outstanding Notional Amount, save with respect to any amounts 
determined and paid under any item of the Issue Terms specified as an "Excluded Item" for such 
purpose); and 
(c) 
the CLN Redemption Date shall notwithstanding such definition, be subject to deferral as provided for 
in these Payout Conditions of Credit Linked Notes and as provided with respect to the Redemption 
Date in any terms and conditions of the Credit Linked Notes which relate to an Underlying referred to 
at (b) above.  
4.5 
Basket Credit Linked Notes where the Issue Terms specify a Distribution End Date  
If the Issue Terms specify a "Distribution End Date" (the "Distribution End Date"), the following applies:  
If a Distribution Period Event Determination Date occurs with respect to any Reference Entity and any Basket 
Credit Linked Notes, Credit Linked Note Payout Conditions 3.2 (Redemption following Event Determination 
Date) and 3.3 (Settlement at Maturity) shall not apply and the following provisions shall apply (and for 
clarification, in respect of such Credit Linked Notes, in the event of any inconsistency between the following 
and the remainder of these Payout Conditions for Credit Linked Notes, the following shall prevail):  
(a) 
where the Issue Terms specify that "Distribution Period Redemption" applies:  
(i) 
irrespective of the applicable Settlement Method, the Issuer will redeem each outstanding Credit 
Linked Note in part, on the fifth Business Day following the Distribution End Date in an 
Outstanding Notional Amount corresponding to such Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of the 
relevant Reference Entity Notional Amount by making a payment in respect of each Credit 
Linked Note equal to its pro rata share of the related Reference Entity Notional Amount. For

--- Page 195 ---
Payout Conditions for Credit Linked Notes 
 
191 
 
this purpose, in the case of an M(M)R Restructuring, Credit Linked Note Payout Condition 8.1 
(Multiple Credit Event Notices) shall not apply; and  
(ii) 
for the avoidance of doubt, no further Event Determination Date may occur in respect of such 
Reference Entity; or  
(b) 
where the Issue Terms specify that "Redemption at Maturity" applies:  
(i) 
with effect from such Distribution Period Event Determination Date, such Reference Entity shall 
no longer be treated as a Reference Entity for the purpose of these Payout Conditions for Credit 
Linked Notes and no further Event Determination Date may occur with respect thereto, 
including where the Event Determination Date relates to a Restructuring Credit Event in respect 
of which an Exercise Amount has been determined; and  
(ii) 
no adjustment shall be made to the Reference Entity Notional Amount in respect of any other 
Reference Entity as a result of the above (notwithstanding the definition thereof); or  
(c) 
where the Issue Terms specify that "Distribution Period Event Determination Date Disapplication" 
applies: 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these Payout Conditions for Credit Linked Notes, any 
Distribution Period Event Determination Date which occurs with respect to a Reference Entity shall 
not be treated as an Event Determination Date for the purpose of these Payout Conditions for Credit 
Linked Notes and only Event Determination Dates which occur on or after the Distribution End Date 
shall be treated as Event Determination Dates for the purpose of these Payout Conditions for Credit 
Linked Notes.  
4.6 
Bonus Coupon Notes  
If the Credit Linked Notes are "Bonus Coupon Credit Linked Notes", the following applies:  
An additional amount shall be payable on either:  
(a) 
where "Final Payment" is specified as the applicable Bonus Coupon Type in the relevant Issue Terms, 
the Final Settlement Date; or  
(b) 
where "Running Basis" is specified as the applicable Bonus Coupon Type in the relevant Issue Terms, 
the specified Bonus Coupon Payment Dates,  
in relation to the Credit Linked Notes in an amount equal, in respect of each Credit Linked Note, to the initial 
Notional Amount thereof multiplied by the Outstanding Bonus Coupon Rate, and where the Running Basis is 
applicable, multiplied by the Bonus Coupon Day Count Fraction.  
4.7 
Credit Linked Interest Only Credit Linked Notes  
If "Credit Linked Interest Only" is specified as "applicable" in the applicable Issue Terms:  
Credit Linked Note Payout Condition 2 (Interest) will apply to the Credit Linked Notes, but Credit Linked 
Note Payout Conditions 3.1 (Redemption absent Event Determination Date), 3.2 (Redemption following Event 
Determination Date) and 3.3 (Settlement at Maturity) will not apply.  
Unless the Credit Linked Notes have previously been redeemed or purchased and cancelled in full (including 
pursuant to Credit Linked Note Payout Condition 3.4 (Redemption following a Merger Event) the Issuer will 
redeem each Credit Linked Note on the relevant CLN Redemption Date by payment of the original Notional 
Amount thereof specified in the applicable Issue Terms.

--- Page 196 ---
Payout Conditions for Credit Linked Notes 
 
192 
 
4.8 
Credit Linked Principal Only Credit Linked Notes  
If "Credit Linked Principal Only" is specified as "applicable" in the applicable Issue Terms:  
Credit Linked Note Payout Condition 3 (Redemption) will apply to the Credit Linked Notes, but Credit Linked 
Note Payout Condition 2 (Interest) will not apply.  
Where the redemption of any such Credit Linked Notes is postponed following the Scheduled Redemption 
Date, no interest shall accrue in respect of any such Credit Linked Notes from (and including) the Scheduled 
Redemption Date until the relevant date of redemption.  
Where any such Credit Linked Notes are subject to redemption in full in circumstances where further amounts 
are or may be payable subsequently in respect of interest thereon, then, only to the extent required by the terms 
of any relevant clearing system in order to permit payment of such interest, each Credit Linked Note shall be 
deemed to remain outstanding in an amount equal to one unit of the Specified Currency. No payment shall be 
made in respect of such outstanding amount, and each Credit Linked Note which is deemed to be outstanding 
on such basis shall be cancelled in full on the last date for payment of interest thereon.  
5. 
Provisions relating to Obligation Category and Characteristics and Deliverable 
Obligation Category and Characteristics  
5.1 
Obligation Characteristics  
Any one or more of the following characteristics may be specified in relation to a Reference Entity in the Issue 
Terms: Not Subordinated, Specified Currency, Not Sovereign Lender, Not Domestic Currency, Not Domestic 
Law, Listed and Not Domestic Issuance (each, a "Obligation Characteristic").  
If either of the Obligation Characteristics "Listed" or "Not Domestic Issuance" is specified in the related Issue 
Terms in respect of the applicable Transaction Type, the Issue Terms shall be construed as though the relevant 
Obligation Characteristic had been specified as an Obligation Characteristic only with respect to obligations 
identified in the Issue Terms as Bonds (each, a "Bond ").  
5.2 
Deliverable Obligation Category and Characteristics  
Any one or more of the following may be specified in the Issue Terms: Not Subordinated, Specified Currency, 
Not Sovereign Lender, Not Domestic Currency, Not Domestic Law, Listed, Not Domestic Issuance, 
Assignable Loan, Consent Required Loan, Direct Loan Participation, Transferable, Maximum Maturity, 
Accelerated or Matured and Not Bearer (together, the "Deliverable Obligation Characteristics").  
If:  
(a) 
any of the Deliverable Obligation Characteristics "Listed", "Not Domestic Issuance" or "Not Bearer" 
is specified in the related Issue Terms in respect of the applicable Transaction Type, such Issue Terms 
shall be construed as though such Deliverable Obligation Characteristic had been specified as a 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristic only with respect to Bonds;  
(b) 
the Deliverable Obligation Characteristic "Transferable" is specified in the Issue Terms in respect of 
the applicable Transaction Type, the Issue Terms shall be construed as though such Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristic had been specified as a Deliverable Obligation Characteristic only with 
respect to Deliverable Obligations that are not Loans;  
(c) 
any of the Deliverable Obligation Characteristics "Assignable Loan", "Consent Required Loan" or 
"Direct Loan Participation" is specified in the Issue Terms in respect of the applicable Transaction

--- Page 197 ---
Payout Conditions for Credit Linked Notes 
 
193 
 
Type, the Issue Terms shall be construed as though such Deliverable Obligation Characteristic had 
been specified as a Deliverable Obligation Characteristic only with respect to Loans; and  
(d) 
more than one of "Assignable Loan", "Consent Required Loan" and "Direct Loan Participation" are 
specified in the Issue Terms as Deliverable Obligation Characteristics in respect of the applicable 
Transaction Type, the Deliverable Obligations may include any Loan that satisfies any one of such 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics specified and need not satisfy all such Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristics.  
5.3 
Relevant Guarantee  
If an Obligation or a Deliverable Obligation is a Relevant Guarantee, the following will apply:  
(a) 
For purposes of the application of the Obligation Category or the Deliverable Obligation Category, the 
Relevant Guarantee shall be deemed to be described by the same category or categories as those that 
describe the Underlying Obligation.  
(b) 
For purposes of the application of the Obligation Characteristics or the Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristics, both the Relevant Guarantee and the Underlying Obligation must satisfy on the 
relevant date or dates each of the applicable Obligation Characteristics or Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristics, if any, specified in the Issue Terms or applicable in respect of the relevant Transaction 
Type from the following list: "Not Subordinated", "Specified Currency", "Not Sovereign Lender", 
"Not Domestic Currency" and "Not Domestic Law".  
(c) 
For purposes of the application of the Obligation Characteristics or the Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristics, only the Underlying Obligation must satisfy on the relevant date or dates each of the 
applicable Obligation Characteristics or the Deliverable Obligation Characteristics, if any, specified 
in the Issue Terms or applicable in respect of the relevant Transaction Type from the following list: 
"Listed", "Not Domestic Issuance", "Assignable Loan", "Consent Required Loan", "Direct Loan 
Participation", "Transferable", "Maximum Maturity", "Accelerated or Matured" and "Not Bearer".  
(d) 
For purposes of the application of the Obligation Characteristics or the Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristics to an Underlying Obligation, references to the Reference Entity shall be deemed to 
refer to the Underlying Obligor.  
(e) 
For the avoidance of doubt the provisions of this Credit Linked Note Payout Condition 5 (Provisions 
relating to Obligation Category and Characteristics and Deliverable Obligation Category and 
Characteristics) apply in respect of the definitions of "Obligation" and "Deliverable Obligation" as the 
context admits.  
5.4 
Maximum Maturity  
For purposes of the application of the Deliverable Obligation Characteristic "Maximum Maturity", remaining 
maturity shall be determined on the basis of the terms of the Deliverable Obligation in effect at the time of 
making such determination and, in the case of a Deliverable Obligation that is due and payable, the remaining 
maturity shall be zero.  
5.5 
Financial Reference Entity Terms and Governmental Intervention  
If "Financial Reference Entity Terms" and "Governmental Intervention" are specified as "applicable" in respect 
of a Reference Entity, the following applies:  
If an obligation would otherwise satisfy a particular Obligation Characteristic or Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristic, the existence of any terms in the relevant obligation in effect at the time of making the 
determination which permit the Reference Entity's obligations to be altered, discharged, released or suspended 
in circumstances which would constitute a Governmental Intervention, shall not cause such obligation to fail 
to satisfy such Obligation Characteristic or Deliverable Obligation Characteristic.

--- Page 198 ---
Payout Conditions for Credit Linked Notes 
 
194 
 
5.6 
Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond  
For purposes of determining the applicability of Deliverable Obligation Characteristics and the requirements 
specified in Credit Linked Note Payout Condition 8.2 (Mod R) and Credit Linked Note Payout Condition 8.3 
(Mod Mod R) to a Prior Deliverable Obligation or a Package Observable Bond, any such determination shall 
be made by reference to the terms of the relevant obligation in effect immediately prior to the Asset Package 
Credit Event.  
5.7 
Subordinated European Insurance Terms  
If "Subordinated European Insurance Terms" is specified as "applicable" in respect of the Reference Entity, 
the following applies:  
If an obligation would otherwise satisfy the "Maximum Maturity" Deliverable Obligation Characteristic, the 
existence of any Solvency Capital Provisions in such obligation shall not cause it to fail to satisfy such 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristic.  
5.8 
Accrued Interest  
With respect to any Credit Linked Notes for which, in respect of "Cash Settlement":  
(a) 
"Include Accrued Interest" is specified in the related Issue Terms:  
the Outstanding Notional Balance of the Reference Obligation or Valuation Obligation, as applicable, 
shall include accrued but unpaid interest;  
(b) 
"Exclude Accrued Interest" is specified in the related Issue Terms:  
the Outstanding Notional Balance of the Reference Obligation or Valuation Obligation, as applicable, 
shall not include accrued but unpaid interest; or  
(c) 
neither "Include Accrued Interest" nor "Exclude Accrued Interest" is specified in the related Issue 
Terms:  
the Calculation Agent shall determine based on the then current market practice in the market of the 
Reference Obligation or Valuation Obligation, as applicable, whether the Outstanding Notional 
Balance of the Reference Obligation or Valuation Obligation shall include or exclude accrued but 
unpaid interest and, if applicable, the amount thereof. 
5.9 
Asset Package  
"Asset Package" will apply if an Asset Package Credit Event occurs, unless (i) such Asset Package Credit 
Event occurs prior to the Credit Event Backstop Date determined in respect of the Credit Event specified in 
the Credit Event Notice or DC Credit Event Announcement applicable to the Event Determination Date, or (ii) 
if the Reference Entity is a Sovereign, no Package Observable Bond exists immediately prior to such Asset 
Package Credit Event.  
If "Sovereign No Asset Package" is specified in the Issue Terms as "applicable" in respect of a Reference 
Entity:  
Notwithstanding the above, it shall be deemed that no Package Observable Bond exists with respect to such 
Reference Entity that is a Sovereign (even if such a Package Observable Bond has been published by ISDA) 
and accordingly, Asset Package shall not apply thereto.

--- Page 199 ---
Payout Conditions for Credit Linked Notes 
 
195 
 
6. 
Successors  
6.1 
Provisions for determining a Successor  
(a) 
Subject as set out in Credit Linked Note Payout Condition 1.2 (Index Credit Linked Notes), the 
Calculation Agent may determine, following any succession (or, in relation to a Reference Entity that 
is a Sovereign, a Sovereign Succession Event) and with effect from the Succession Date, any Successor 
or Successors under the definition of "Successor"; provided that the Calculation Agent will not make 
such determination if, at the time of determination, the DC Secretary has publicly announced that the 
relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved that there is no Successor based 
on the relevant succession to Relevant Obligations.  
(b) 
The Calculation Agent will make all calculations and determinations required to be made under the 
definition of "Successor" (or the provisions relating to the determination of a Successor), acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, on the basis of Eligible Information. In 
calculating the percentages used to determine whether an entity qualifies as a Successor under the 
definition of "Successor", if there is a Steps Plan, the Calculation Agent shall consider all related 
successions in respect of such Steps Plan in aggregate as if forming part of a single succession.  
(c) 
An entity may only be a Successor if:  
(i) 
either (A) the related Succession Date occurs on or after the Successor Backstop Date, or (B) 
such entity is a Universal Successor in respect of which the Succession Date occurred on or after 
January 1, 2014;  
(ii) 
the Reference Entity had at least one Relevant Obligation outstanding immediately prior to the 
Succession Date and such entity succeeds to all or part of at least one Relevant Obligation of 
the Reference Entity; and  
(iii) 
where the Reference Entity is a Sovereign, such entity succeeded to the Relevant Obligations 
by way of a Sovereign Succession Event.  
(d) 
In the case of an exchange offer, the determination required pursuant to the definition of "Successor" 
shall be made on the basis of the outstanding principal balance of Relevant Obligations exchanged and 
not on the basis of the outstanding principal balance of the Exchange Bonds or Loans.  
(e) 
If two or more entities (each, a "Joint Potential Successor") jointly succeed to a Relevant Obligation 
(the "Joint Relevant Obligation") either directly or as a provider of a Relevant Guarantee, then (i) if 
the Joint Relevant Obligation was a direct obligation of the Reference Entity, it shall be treated as 
having been succeeded to by the Joint Potential Successor (or Joint Potential Successors, in equal 
parts) which succeeded to such Joint Relevant Obligation as direct obligor or obligors, or (ii) if the 
Joint Relevant Obligation was a Relevant Guarantee, it shall be treated as having been succeeded to 
by the Joint Potential Successor (or Joint Potential Successors, in equal parts) which succeeded to such 
Joint Relevant Obligation as guarantor or guarantors, if any, or otherwise by each Joint Potential 
Successor in equal parts.  
6.2 
Single Name Credit Linked Notes  
Where the Credit Linked Notes are Single Name Credit Linked Notes: 
If a Succession Date has occurred and more than one Successor has been identified, each such Credit Linked 
Note will be deemed for all purposes to have been divided, with effect from the Succession Date, into the same 
number of new Credit Linked Notes as there are Successors with the following terms:

--- Page 200 ---
Payout Conditions for Credit Linked Notes 
 
196 
 
(a) 
each Successor will be a Reference Entity for the purposes of one of the deemed new Credit Linked 
Notes;  
(b) 
in respect of each deemed new Credit Linked Note, the Reference Entity Notional Amount will be the 
Reference Entity Notional Amount applicable to the original Reference Entity divided by the number 
of Successors; and  
(c) 
all other terms and conditions of the original Credit Linked Notes will be replicated in each deemed 
new Credit Linked Note except that the Calculation Agent shall make such modifications as it 
determines, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, are required in order to 
preserve the economic effects of the original Credit Linked Notes in the deemed new Credit Linked 
Notes (considered in aggregate).  
6.3 
Nth-to-Default  
Where the Credit Linked Notes are Nth-to-Default Credit Linked Notes:  
(a) 
where a Succession Date has occurred in respect of a Reference Entity (other than a Reference Entity 
in respect of which a Credit Event has occurred) and more than one Successor has been identified, 
each such Credit Linked Note will be deemed for all purposes to have been divided, with effect from 
the Succession Date, into a number of new Credit Linked Notes equal to the number of Successors. 
Each such new Credit Linked Note shall include a Successor and each and every one of the unaffected 
Reference Entities and the provisions of Credit Linked Note Payout Condition 6.2(a) to (c) (Single 
Name Credit Linked Notes) (inclusive) shall apply thereto;  
(b) 
if "Substitution" is specified as not being applicable in the Issue Terms, where any Reference Entity 
(the "Surviving Reference Entity") (other than a Reference Entity that is subject to the Succession 
Date) would be a Successor to any other Reference Entity (the "Legacy Reference Entity") pursuant 
to a Succession Date, such Surviving Reference Entity shall be deemed to be a Successor to the Legacy 
Reference Entity; and  
(c) 
if "Substitution" is specified as being applicable in the Issue Terms, where the Surviving Reference 
Entity (other than a Reference Entity that is subject to the Succession Date) would be a Successor to a 
Legacy Reference Entity pursuant to a Succession Date:  
(i) 
such Surviving Reference Entity shall be deemed not to be a Successor to the Legacy 
Reference Entity; and  
(ii) 
the Replacement Reference Entity shall be deemed to be a Successor to the Legacy Reference 
Entity.  
For purposes of this Payout Condition 6.3: 
"Replacement Reference Entity" means any entity selected by the Calculation Agent acting in a 
commercially reasonable manner, which is incorporated in the same geographical area, has the same 
Transaction Type as the Legacy Reference Entity and which is of a similar or better credit quality than 
the Legacy Reference Entity, as measured by Standard & Poor's Ratings Services and/or by Moody's 
Investors Service Ltd., at the date of the relevant Succession Date provided that in selecting any 
Replacement Reference Entity, the Calculation Agent is under no obligation to the Securityholders, 
the Issuer or any other person and, provided that the Successor selected meets the criteria specified 
above, is entitled, and indeed will endeavour, to select the least credit-worthy of the Successors. In 
making any selection, the Calculation Agent will not be liable to account to the Securityholders, the 
Issuer or any other person for any profit or other benefit to it or any of its affiliates which may result 
directly or indirectly from any such selection.

--- Page 201 ---
Payout Conditions for Credit Linked Notes 
 
197 
 
6.4 
Basket Credit Linked Notes and Tranched CLNs  
Where the Credit Linked Notes are Basket Credit Linked Notes or Tranched CLNs:  
If one or more Successors have been identified in respect of a Reference Entity that has been the subject of a 
related Succession Date (the "Affected Entity"), then, with effect from the Succession Date:  
(a) 
the Affected Entity will no longer be a Reference Entity (unless it is a Successor as described in (b) 
below);  
(b) 
each Successor will be deemed a Reference Entity (in addition to each Reference Entity which is not 
an Affected Entity);  
(c) 
the Reference Entity Notional Amount for each such Successor will equal the Reference Entity 
Notional Amount of the Affected Entity divided by the number of Successors;  
(d) 
the Calculation Agent may make any modifications to the terms of the Credit Linked Notes which it 
determines, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, may be required to preserve 
the economic effects of the Credit Linked Notes prior to the Succession Date (considered in the 
aggregate); and  
(e) 
for the avoidance of doubt, a Reference Entity may, as a result of a Succession Date, be represented 
by multiple Reference Entity Notional Amounts for the Successor(s) of such Reference Entity.  
7. 
Additional Provisions  
7.1 
LPN Reference Entities  
The following provisions shall apply if the relevant Issue Terms provide that "LPN Reference Entities" is 
specified as "applicable":  
(a) 
Multiple Holder Obligation will not be applicable with respect to any Reference Obligation and any 
Underlying Loan;  
(b) 
each Reference Obligation will be an Obligation notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these 
Payout Conditions of Credit Linked Notes, and in particular, that the obligation is not an obligation of 
the Reference Entity;  
(c) 
each Reference Obligation will be a Deliverable Obligation notwithstanding anything to the contrary 
in these Payout Conditions of Credit Linked Notes, and in particular, that the obligation is not an 
obligation of the Reference Entity;  
(d) 
for the avoidance of doubt, with respect to any LPN Reference Obligation that specifies an Underlying 
Loan or an Underlying Finance Instrument, the outstanding principal balance shall be determined by 
reference to the Underlying Loan or Underlying Finance Instrument (as applicable) relating to such 
LPN Reference Obligation; and  
(e) 
the "Not Subordinated" Obligation Characteristic and Deliverable Obligation Characteristic shall be 
construed as if no Reference Obligation was specified in respect of the Reference Entity.  
The following definitions shall apply if the relevant Issue Terms provide that "LPN Reference Entities" is 
applicable:  
"LPN" means any bond issued in the form of a loan participation note.  
"LPN Issuer" means the entity which issued the relevant LPN.

--- Page 202 ---
Payout Conditions for Credit Linked Notes 
 
198 
 
"LPN Reference Obligation" means each Reference Obligation other than any obligation listed as an 
Additional Obligation of the Reference Entity in the relevant "LPN Reference Obligation List" as 
published by Markit Group Limited, or any successor thereto, which list is currently available at 
http://www.markit.com/marketing/services.php, which is issued for the sole purpose of providing 
funds to the LPN Issuer to finance an Underlying Loan. For the avoidance of doubt, any change to the 
issuer of an LPN Reference Obligation in accordance with its terms shall not prevent such LPN 
Reference Obligation from constituting a Reference Obligation.  
"Underlying Finance Instrument" means where the LPN Issuer provides finance to the Reference 
Entity by way of a deposit, loan or other Borrowed Money instrument.  
"Underlying Loan" means where the LPN Issuer provides a loan to the Reference Entity.  
7.2 
CoCo Provisions 
The following provisions shall apply in respect of a Reference Entity where the timing and/or amount of 
payments of interest and/or principal with respect to the related Credit Linked Note is determined with 
reference to an Obligation which contains a CoCo Provision, if specified as "applicable" in the Issue Terms:  
(a) 
If, with respect to one or more Obligations and in relation to an aggregate amount of not less than the 
Default Requirement, the operation of one or more CoCo Provisions results in (i) a permanent or 
temporary reduction of the amount of principal payable at redemption or (ii) a conversion of principal 
into shares or another instrument, such event shall be deemed to constitute a Governmental 
Intervention falling within paragraph (a) of the definition thereof. 
(b) 
A CoCo Provision shall be deemed to be a provision which permits a Governmental Intervention for 
all purposes.  
(c) 
The following terms shall have the following meanings:  
"Coco Provision" means, with respect to an Obligation, a provision which requires (i) a permanent or 
temporary reduction of the amount of principal payable at redemption or (ii) a conversion of principal into 
shares or another instrument, in each case, if the Capital Ratio is at or below the Trigger Percentage.  
A CoCo Provision shall be deemed to be a provision which permits a Governmental Intervention for all 
purposes under these Payout Conditions. 
If the operation of a CoCo Provision results in (i) a permanent or temporary reduction of the amount of 
principal payable at redemption or (ii) a conversion of principal into shares or another instrument, such event 
shall be deemed to constitute a Governmental Intervention. 
"Trigger Percentage" means the trigger percentage specified in respect of the Reference Entity (or if no such 
trigger percentage is specified, 5.25 per cent.).  
"Capital Ratio" means the ratio of capital to risk weighted assets applicable to the Obligation, as described in 
the terms thereof in effect from time to time.  
7.3 
2019 Narrowly Tailored Credit Event Provisions 
The following are the "NTCE Provisions", which shall (a) not apply in respect of a Reference Entity if such 
Reference Entity is a Sovereign, or (b) apply in respect of a Reference Entity if such Reference Entity is not a 
Sovereign, in each case unless otherwise specified in the Issue Terms.  
The definition of "Outstanding Notional Balance" in Credit Linked Note Payout Condition 10 (Definitions) 
shall be deleted and replaced with the following:  
"The "Outstanding Notional Balance" of an obligation will be calculated as follows:

--- Page 203 ---
Payout Conditions for Credit Linked Notes 
 
199 
 
(a) 
first, by determining, in respect of the obligation, the amount of the Reference Entity's principal 
payment obligations and, where applicable in accordance with Credit Linked Note Payout Condition 
5.8 (Accrued Interest), the Reference Entity's accrued but unpaid interest payment obligations (which, 
in the case of a Guarantee will be the lower of (A) the Outstanding Notional Balance (including accrued 
but unpaid interest, where applicable) of the Underlying Obligation (determined as if references to the 
Reference Entity were references to the Underlying Obligor) and (B) the amount of the Fixed Cap, if 
any);  
(b) 
second, by subtracting all or any portion of such amount which, pursuant to the terms of the obligation, 
(A) is subject to any Prohibited Action, or (B) may otherwise be reduced as a result of the effluxion of 
time or the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event or circumstance (other than by way of (I) payment 
or (II) a Permitted Contingency) (the amount determined in paragraph (a) less any amounts subtracted 
in accordance with this paragraph (b), the "Non-Contingent Amount"); and  
(c) 
third, by determining the Quantum of the Claim, which shall then constitute the Outstanding Notional 
Balance,  
in each case, determined:  
(i) 
unless otherwise specified, in accordance with the terms of the obligation in effect on the 
Valuation Date; and  
(ii) 
with respect to the Quantum of the Claim only, in accordance with any applicable laws (insofar 
as such laws reduce or discount the size of the claim to reflect the original issue price or 
accrued value of the obligation).  
For the purposes of paragraph (ii) above, "applicable laws" shall include any bankruptcy or insolvency law or 
other law affecting creditors' rights to which the relevant obligation is, or may become, subject.  
Unless "Fallback Discounting" is specified as not applicable in the applicable Issue Terms in respect of the 
relevant Reference Entity, then notwithstanding the above, if (i) the Outstanding Notional Balance of an 
obligation is not reduced or discounted under paragraph (ii) above, (ii) that obligation is either a Bond that has 
an issue price less than ninety-five per cent. of the principal redemption amount or a Loan where the amount 
advanced is less than ninety-five per cent. of the principal repayment amount, and (iii) such Bond or Loan does 
not include provisions relating to the accretion over time of the amount which would be payable on an early 
redemption or repayment of such Bond or Loan that are customary for the applicable type of Bond or Loan as 
the case may be, then the Outstanding Notional Balance of such Bond or Loan shall be the lesser of (a) the 
Non-Contingent Amount; and (b) an amount determined by straight line interpolation between the issue price 
of the Bond or the amount advanced under the Loan and the principal redemption amount or principal 
repayment amount, as applicable.  
For the purposes of determining whether the issue price of a Bond or the amount advanced under a Loan is 
less than ninety-five per cent. of the principal redemption amount or principal repayment amount (as 
applicable) or, where applicable, for applying straight line interpolation:  
(a) 
where such Bond or Loan was issued as a result of an exchange offer, the issue price or amount 
advanced of the new Bond or Loan resulting from the exchange shall be deemed to be equal to the 
aggregate Outstanding Notional Balance of the original obligation(s) that were tendered or exchanged 
(the "Original Obligation(s)") at the time of such exchange (determined without regard to market or 
trading value of the Original Obligation(s)); and  
(b) 
in the case of a Bond or Loan that is fungible with a prior debt obligation previously issued by the 
Reference Entity, such Bond or Loan shall be treated as having the same issue price or amount 
advanced as the prior debt obligation.  
In circumstances where a holder would have received more than one obligation in exchange for the Original 
Obligation(s), the Calculation Agent will determine the allocation of the aggregate Outstanding Notional

--- Page 204 ---
Payout Conditions for Credit Linked Notes 
 
200 
 
Balance of the Original Obligation(s) amongst each of the resulting obligations for the purpose of determining 
the issue price or amount advanced of the relevant Bond or Loan. Such allocation will take into account the 
interest rate, maturity, level of subordination and other terms of the obligations that resulted from the exchange 
and shall be made by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the methodology (if any) determined by the 
relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee or, if none, as determined by the Calculation Agent in 
such manner and by reference to such source(s) as it determines appropriate." 
7.4 
Monoline Insurers as Reference Entity 
Where "Monoline Provisions" is specified in the Issue Terms to be "applicable" with respect to any Reference 
Entity, the following amendments shall be made to these Payout Conditions for Credit Linked Notes: 
(a) 
Additional Definitions 
"Qualifying Policy") means a financial guarantee insurance policy or similar financial guarantee pursuant to 
which a Reference Entity irrevocably guarantees or insures all Instrument Payments (as defined below) of an 
instrument that constitutes Borrowed Money (modified as set out below) (the "Insured Instrument") for 
which another party (including a special purpose entity or trust) is the obligor (the "Insured Obligor"). 
Qualifying Policies shall exclude any arrangement: (1) structured as a surety bond, letter of credit or equivalent 
legal arrangement or (2) pursuant to the express contractual terms of which the payment obligations of the 
Reference Entity can be discharged or reduced as a result of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event or 
circumstance (other than the payment of Instrument Payments). The benefit of a Qualifying Policy must be 
capable of being delivered together with the delivery of the Insured Instrument. 
"Instrument Payments" means (1) in the case of any Insured Instrument that is in the form of a pass-through 
certificate or similar funded beneficial interest, (A) the specified periodic distributions in respect of interest or 
other return on the Certificate Balance on or prior to the ultimate distribution of the Certificate Balance and (B) 
the ultimate distribution of the Certificate Balance on or prior to a specified date and (2) in the case of any other 
Insured Instrument, the scheduled payments of principal and interest, in the case of both (1) and (2), (I) 
determined without regard to limited recourse or reduction provisions and (II) excluding sums in respect of 
default interest, indemnities, tax gross-ups, make-whole amounts, early redemption premiums and other similar 
amounts (whether or not guaranteed or insured by the Qualifying Policy). 
"Certificate Balance" means, in the case of an Insured Instrument that is in the form of a pass-through 
certificate or similar funded beneficial interest, the unit principal balance, certificate balance or similar measure 
of unreimbursed principal investment.  
(b) 
Amended Definitions 
The definition of "Obligation" is amended by adding "or Qualifying Policy" after "or as provider of a Relevant 
Guarantee". 
In the event that an Obligation is a Qualifying Policy, the terms of the definition thereof will apply, with 
references to the "Relevant Guarantee", the "Underlying Obligation" and the "Underlying Obligor" deemed to 
include the Qualifying Policy, the Insured Instrument and the Insured Obligor, respectively, except that: 
(i) 
the Obligation Category Borrowed Money and the Obligation Category Bond shall be deemed 
to include distributions payable under an Insured Instrument in the form of a pass-through 
certificate or similar funded beneficial interest; 
(ii) 
references in the definitions of "Assignable Loan" and "Consent Required Loan" to the 
"guarantor" shall be deemed to include the insurer; and 
(iii) 
with respect to a Qualifying Policy and an Insured Instrument, only the Qualifying Policy must 
satisfy on the relevant date or dates the "Not Subordinated" Obligation Characteristic, if 
applicable.

--- Page 205 ---
Payout Conditions for Credit Linked Notes 
 
201 
 
References in the definition of "Outstanding Notional Balance" to a "Guarantee", the "Underlying Obligation" 
and the "Underlying Obligor" shall be deemed to include a Qualifying Policy, the Insured Instrument and the 
Insured Obligor, respectively. Any provisions of an Insured Instrument limiting recourse in respect of such 
Insured Instrument to the proceeds of specified assets (including proceeds subject to a priority of payments) 
or reducing the amount of any Instrument Payments owing under such Insured Instrument shall be disregarded 
for the purposes of the definition of "Outstanding Notional Balance", provided that such provisions are not 
applicable to the Qualifying Policy by the terms thereof and the Qualifying Policy continues to guarantee or 
insure, as applicable, the Instrument Payments that would have been required to be made absent any such 
limitation or reduction.  
The definition of "Successor" is hereby amended by adding "or Qualifying Policy" after each occurrence of "a 
Relevant Guarantee". 
The definitions of "Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation", "Substitute Reference Obligation" and 
"Substitution Event" are hereby amended by adding "or Qualifying Policy" after "a guarantee".  
With respect to an Insured Instrument that is in the form of a pass-through certificate or similar funded 
beneficial interest or a Qualifying Policy with respect thereto, paragraphs (a)(i) to (v) of the definition of 
"Restructuring" is hereby amended to read as follows: 
(i) 
a reduction in the rate or amount of the Instrument Payments described in paragraph (1)(A) of 
the definition thereof that are guaranteed or insured by the Qualifying Policy (including by 
way of redenomination); 
(ii) 
a reduction in the amount of the Instrument Payments described in paragraph (1)(B) of the 
definition thereof that are guaranteed or insured by the Qualifying Policy (including by way 
of redenomination); 
(iii) 
a postponement or other deferral of a date or dates for either (I) the payment or accrual of the 
Instrument Payments described in paragraph (1)(A) of the definition thereof or (II) the 
payment of the Instrument Payments described in paragraph (1)(B) of the definition thereof, 
in each case that are guaranteed or insured by the Qualifying Policy; 
(iv) 
a change in the ranking in priority of payment of (I) any Obligation under a Qualifying Policy 
in respect of Instrument Payments, causing the Subordination of such Obligation to any other 
Obligation or (II) any Instrument Payments, causing the Subordination of such Insured 
Instrument to any other instrument in the form of a pass-through certificate or similar funded 
beneficial interest issued by the Insured Obligor, it being understood that, for this purpose, 
'Subordination' will be deemed to include any such change that results in a lower ranking under 
a priority of payments provision applicable to the relevant Instrument Payments; or 
(v) 
any change in the currency of any payment of Instrument Payments that are guaranteed or 
insured by the Qualifying Policy to any currency other than the lawful currency of Canada, 
Japan, Switzerland, the United Kingdom, the United States of America and the euro and any 
successor currency to any of the aforementioned currencies (which in the case of the euro, 
shall mean the currency which succeeds to and replaces the euro in whole). 
Paragraph (a)(v) of the definition of "Restructuring" shall further be amended by adding "or, in the case of 
Qualifying Policy and an Insured Instrument, where (A) the Qualifying Policy continues to guarantee or insure, 
as applicable, that the same Instrument Payments will be made on the same dates on which the Qualifying Policy 
guaranteed or insured that such Instrument Payments would be made prior to such event and (B) such event is 
not a change in the ranking in the priority of payment of the Qualifying Policy" at the end thereof. 
For purposes of the definition of "Restructuring", the term "Obligation" shall be deemed to include Insured 
Instruments for which the Reference Entity is acting as provider of a Qualifying Policy.

--- Page 206 ---
Payout Conditions for Credit Linked Notes 
 
202 
 
For purposes of the definitions of "Prohibited Action" and "Credit Event", references to "Underlying 
Obligation" and the "Underlying Obligor" shall be deemed to include Insured Instruments and the Insured 
Obligor, respectively. Any transfer or similar fee reasonably incurred by the Issuer in connection with the 
delivery of a Qualifying Policy and payable to the Reference Entity shall be part of the Settlement Expenses. 
8. 
Restructuring Credit Event  
8.1 
Multiple Credit Event Notices  
Upon the occurrence of an M(M)R Restructuring with respect to a Reference Entity:  
(a) 
the Calculation Agent may deliver multiple Credit Event Notices with respect to such M(M)R 
Restructuring, each such notice setting forth the amount of the relevant Reference Entity Notional 
Amount to which such notice applies (the "Exercise Amount") provided that if the Credit Event 
Notice does not specify an Exercise Amount, the then outstanding Reference Entity Notional Amount 
(and not a portion thereof) will be deemed to have been specified as the Exercise Amount;  
(b) 
the provisions of these Payout Conditions of Credit Linked Notes (including, without limitation, as to 
the determination of any Auction Settlement Amount, Credit Event Cash Settlement Amount and Loss 
Amount) shall be deemed to apply to an aggregate Outstanding Notional Amount of Credit Linked 
Notes equal to the Exercise Amount only and all the provisions shall be construed accordingly; and  
(c) 
the Exercise Amount in connection with a Credit Event Notice describing an M(M)R Restructuring 
must be an amount that is at least 1,000,000 units of the Specified Currency (or, if Japanese Yen, 
100,000,000 units) in which the Reference Entity Notional Amount is denominated or any integral 
multiple thereof or the entire relevant Reference Entity Notional Amount.  
If any Credit Linked Note is subject to partial redemption in accordance with this Credit Linked Note Payout 
Condition 8 (Restructuring Credit Event), the relevant Credit Linked Note or, if the Credit Linked Notes are 
represented by a Global Security, such Global Security shall be endorsed to reflect such partial redemption. 
This provision does not apply to Dematerialised Securities. 
8.2 
Mod R  
If (i) "Cash Settlement" is specified to be the Settlement Method in the related Issue Terms (or is applicable 
after the occurrence of a Fallback Settlement Event), (ii) "Mod R" is specified as "applicable" in respect of the 
Reference Entity and (iii) Restructuring is the only Credit Event specified in a Credit Event Notice, the 
following applies:  
Unless the Deliverable Obligation or, as applicable, Valuation Obligation is a Prior Deliverable Obligation and 
Asset Package applies due to a Governmental Intervention, a Deliverable Obligation or, as applicable, 
Valuation Obligation may only be selected by the Issuer to form part of the related Valuation Obligations 
Portfolio, as applicable, if such Deliverable Obligation or, as applicable, Valuation Obligation:  
(a) 
is a Deliverable Obligation that is either Transferable, in the case of Bonds, or capable of being 
assigned or novated to all Eligible Transferees without the consent of any person being required in the 
case of any Deliverable Obligation other than Bonds, in each case, as of the Delivery Date or, as 
applicable, the Valuation Date. Any requirement that notification of novation, assignment or transfer 
of a Deliverable Obligation be provided to a trustee, fiscal agent, administrative agent, clearing agent 
or paying agent for a Deliverable Obligation shall not be considered to be a requirement for consent 
for purposes of this clause (a); and  
(b) 
has a final redemption date not later than the applicable Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date,  
in each case, as of the Delivery Date or, as applicable, as of the Valuation Date.

--- Page 207 ---
Payout Conditions for Credit Linked Notes 
 
203 
 
8.3 
Mod Mod R  
If (i) "Cash Settlement" is specified to be the Settlement Method in the related Issue Terms (or is applicable 
after the occurrence of a Fallback Settlement Event), (ii) "Mod Mod R" is specified as "applicable" in respect 
of the Reference Entity and (iii) Restructuring is the only Credit Event specified in a Credit Event Notice, the 
following applies:  
Unless the Deliverable Obligation or, as applicable, Valuation Obligation is a Prior Deliverable Obligation and 
Asset Package applies due to a Governmental Intervention, a Deliverable Obligation or, as applicable, 
Valuation Obligation may only be selected by the Issuer to form part of the related Valuation Obligations 
Portfolio, as applicable, if it (A) is a Conditionally Transferable Obligation and (B) has a final redemption date 
not later than the applicable Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date, in each case, as of the Delivery 
Date or, as applicable, as of the Valuation Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, for purposes of this paragraph, 
in the case of a Restructured Bond or Loan with a final redemption date on or prior to the 10-year Limitation 
Date, the final redemption date of such Bond or Loan shall be deemed to be the earlier of such final redemption 
date or the final redemption date of such Bond or Loan immediately prior to the relevant Restructuring.  
If relevant Valuation Obligation selected is a Conditionally Transferable Obligation with respect to which 
consent is required to novate, assign or transfer and the requisite consent is refused (whether or not a reason is 
given for such refusal and, where a reason is given for such refusal, regardless of that reason), or is not received 
by the Valuation Date (in which case it shall be deemed to have been refused), the Issuer shall, as soon as 
reasonably practicable, notify the relevant Securityholders of such refusal (or deemed refusal) and each such 
Securityholder may designate a third party (which may or may not be an Affiliate of such Securityholder) to 
take delivery of the Deliverable Obligation on its behalf. 
For purposes of this Payout Condition 8.3: 
"Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date" means, with respect to a Deliverable 
Obligation, the Limitation Date occurring on or immediately following the Credit Observation Period 
End Date.  
Subject to the foregoing, if the Credit Observation Period End Date is later than the 10-year Limitation 
Date, the Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date will be the Credit Observation Period End 
Date.  
8.4 
General Terms relating to Mod R and Mod Mod R  
For the purposes of making a determination pursuant to "Mod R" and "Mod Mod R", final redemption date 
shall, subject to Credit Linked Note Payout Condition 8.3 (Mod Mod R), be determined on the basis of the 
terms of the Deliverable Obligation or, as applicable, Valuation Obligation in effect at the time of making such 
determination and, in the case of a Deliverable Obligation or, as applicable, Valuation Obligation that is due 
and payable, the final redemption date shall be deemed to be the date on which such determination is made.  
8.5 
Multiple Holder Obligations  
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the definition of "Restructuring" and related provisions, the 
occurrence of, agreement to, or announcement of, any of the events described in sub-paragraph (i) to (v) 
(inclusive) thereof shall not be a Restructuring unless the Obligation in respect of any such events is a Multiple 
Holder Obligation, provided that any obligation that is a Bond shall be deemed to satisfy the requirements of 
sub-paragraph (b) of the definition of "Multiple Holder Obligation".  
9. 
Miscellaneous Provisions relating to Credit Linked Notes  
9.1 
Determinations of the Calculation Agent  
The determination by the Calculation Agent of any amount or of any state of affairs, circumstance, event or 
other matter, or the formation of any opinion or the exercise of any discretion required or permitted to be

--- Page 208 ---
Payout Conditions for Credit Linked Notes 
 
204 
 
determined, formed or exercised by the Calculation Agent, in each case in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, pursuant to these Payout Conditions for Credit Linked Notes shall (in the absence of 
manifest error) be final and binding on the Issuer and the Securityholders. Unless otherwise expressly stated, 
the Calculation Agent is not bound to follow or act in accordance with any determination of the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee. Whenever the Calculation Agent is required to make any 
determination it may, inter alia, decide issues of construction and legal interpretation. If the Calculation Agent 
chooses to rely on the determinations of the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee it may do 
so without liability. Any delay, deferral or forbearance by the Calculation Agent in the performance or exercise 
of any of its obligations or its discretion under the Credit Linked Notes including, without limitation, the giving 
of any notice by it to any person, shall not affect the validity or binding nature of any later performance or 
exercise of such obligation or discretion, and none of the Calculation Agent, the Issuer shall, in the absence of 
wilful misconduct and gross negligence, bear any liability in respect of, or consequent upon, any such delay, 
deferral or forbearance.  
9.2 
Reversal of DC Resolutions  
If, where a calculation or determination with respect to the Credit Linked Notes has been made by the 
Calculation Agent in reliance upon a DC Resolution or otherwise resulted from a DC Resolution, ISDA 
publicly announces that such DC Resolution has been reversed by a subsequent DC Resolution, such reversal 
will be taken into account for the purposes of any subsequent calculations, provided that the ISDA public 
announcement occurs prior to the DC Resolution Reversal Cut-off Date (or where redeemed in part, save to 
the extent of any such redemption). The Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, will make any adjustment to any future payments as are required to take account of such 
reversal, including any payment of additional interest or any reduction in any interest or any other amount 
payable under the Credit Linked Notes. For the avoidance of doubt, no accruals of interest shall be taken into 
account when calculating any such adjustment payment.  
9.3 
Change in Standard Terms and Market Conventions  
This Credit Linked Note Payout Condition 9.3 shall only apply if the related Issue Terms specify that "Change 
in Standard Terms and Market Conventions" is applicable. 
The Calculation Agent, acting reasonably, may (but shall not be obligated to) modify these Payout Conditions 
for Credit Linked Notes from time to time with effect from a date designated by the Calculation Agent to the 
extent reasonably necessary to ensure consistency with prevailing market standards or market trading 
conventions, which are, pursuant to the agreement of leading dealers in the credit derivatives market or any 
relevant ISDA committee, a market-wide protocol, any applicable law or regulation or the rules of any 
applicable exchange or clearing system, applicable to any Notional Credit Derivative Transaction or any Hedge 
Transaction entered into prior to such date or terms thereof. The Calculation Agent shall notify the Issuer and 
the Securityholders as soon as reasonably practicable upon making any such determination. For the avoidance 
of doubt, the Calculation Agent may not, without the consent of the Issuer, amend, pursuant to this Credit 
Linked Note Payout Condition 9.3 any of the terms and conditions of the Credit Linked Notes other than these 
Payout Conditions for Credit Linked Notes.  
In particular, the Calculation Agent may make such modifications as may be necessary to ensure consistency 
with any successor provisions ("Successor Provisions") which are published by ISDA and which supersede 
the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions, as published by ISDA, for the purposes of credit derivatives 
transactions generally (including with respect to transactions which are entered into prior to the relevant date 
of publication and which are outstanding as of that date) and/or may apply and rely on determinations of a 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee made in respect of a relevant Reference Entity under any such 
Successor Provisions notwithstanding any discrepancy between the terms of such Successor Provisions and 
these Payout Conditions for Credit Linked Notes.

--- Page 209 ---
Payout Conditions for Credit Linked Notes 
 
205 
 
9.4 
Delivery of Notices  
As soon as reasonably practicable after receiving a Credit Event Notice or Notice of Publicly Available 
Information from the Calculation Agent, the Issuer shall promptly inform, or shall procure that the Calculation 
Agent informs the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 12 (Notices), provided that any 
failure or delay in giving such notice to Securityholders shall not affect the rights of the Issuer in relation 
thereto. Resolutions of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee are, as of the date hereof, available 
on ISDA's website (www.isda.org) (or any successor website thereto).  
9.5 
Effectiveness of Notices  
Any notice referred to in Credit Linked Note Payout Condition 8.4 (General Terms relating to Mod R and Mod 
Mod R) above which is delivered on or prior to 5.00 p.m. (London time) on a London Business Day is effective 
on such date and if delivered after such time or on a day that is not a London Business Day, is deemed effective 
on the next following London Business Day.  
A notice given by telephone by the Issuer or the Calculation Agent will be deemed to have been delivered at 
the time the telephone conversation takes place.  
9.6 
Excess Amounts  
If, on a Business Day, the Calculation Agent reasonably determines that an Excess Amount has been paid to 
Securityholders on or prior to such day, then following notification of the determination of an Excess Amount 
to the Issuer and Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 12 (Notices), the Issuer may deduct 
any such Excess Amount from future payments in relation to the Credit Linked Notes (whether interest or 
principal) or may reduce the amount of any assets deliverable under the terms of the Credit Linked Notes to 
the extent that it determines, acting reasonably, to be necessary to compensate for such Excess Amount.  
For purposes of this Payout Condition 10.6: 
"Excess Amount" means any amount paid to the Securityholders but which was not due on the Credit 
Linked Notes, as a result of the occurrence of a DC Credit Event Announcement, Event Determination 
Date or Credit Event Resolution Request Date on or around the date on which the amount in question 
would otherwise have been required to be paid or as a result of any Writedown Amount not having 
been taken into account.  
9.7 
Provisions Relating to Timing  
Subject to Credit Linked Note Payout Conditions 9.5 (Effectiveness of Notices) and 9.8 (Payment Timing), in 
order to determine the day on which an event occurs for purposes of these Payout Conditions of Credit Linked 
Notes, the demarcation of days shall be made by reference to Greenwich Mean Time (or, if the Transaction 
Type of the Reference Entity relates to Japan, Tokyo time), irrespective of the time zone in which such event 
occurred. Any event occurring at midnight shall be deemed to have occurred immediately prior to midnight.  
9.8 
Payment Timing  
Notwithstanding the "Credit Event Notice" definition and Credit Linked Note Payout Condition 9.7 
(Provisions Relating to Timing), if a payment is not made by the Reference Entity on its due date or, as the 
case may be, on the final day of the relevant Grace Period, then such failure to make a payment shall be deemed 
to have occurred on such day prior to midnight Greenwich Mean Time (or, if the Transaction Type of the 
Reference Entity relates to Japan, Tokyo time), irrespective of the time zone of its place of payment.  
9.9 
Business Day Convention  
If the last day of any period calculated by reference to calendar days falls on a day that is not a Business Day, 
such last day shall be subject to adjustment in accordance with the applicable Business Day Convention; 
provided that if the last day of any period is the Credit Event Backstop Date or the Successor Backstop Date, 
such last day shall not be subject to any adjustment in accordance with any Business Day Convention.

--- Page 210 ---
Payout Conditions for Credit Linked Notes 
 
206 
 
9.10 
No Frustration  
In the absence of other reasons, the Credit Linked Notes will not be considered frustrated, or otherwise void 
or voidable (whether for mistake or otherwise) solely because:  
(a) 
the Reference Entity does not exist on, or ceases to exist on or following, the Trade Date; and/or  
(b) 
Obligations, Deliverable Obligations or the Reference Obligation do not exist on, or cease to exist on 
or following, the Trade Date.  
9.11 
Rounding  
Any amount payable under these Payout Conditions for Credit Linked Notes shall be rounded downwards to 
the nearest sub-unit of the relevant currency.  
10. 
Definitions  
In the event of any inconsistency between (i) the General Conditions and (ii) the Payout Conditions for Credit 
Linked Notes, the Payout Conditions for Credit Linked Notes shall prevail. A reference in these Payout 
Conditions for Credit Linked Notes to the "Issue Terms" shall be construed as being a reference to the 
applicable Issue Terms and for Credit Linked Notes in respect of which more than one Reference Entity is 
specified, a reference to "the Reference Entity" shall be a reference to the applicable Reference Entity.  
10.1 
General Definitions 
The following definitions generally apply to all Credit Linked Notes:  
"Accelerated or Matured" means an obligation under which the principal amount owed, whether by reason 
of maturity, acceleration, termination or otherwise, is due and payable in full in accordance with the terms of 
such obligation, or would have been but for, and without regard to, any limitation imposed under any applicable 
insolvency laws.  
"Additional Business Centre" will be specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Affiliate" means, in relation to any person, any entity controlled, directly or indirectly, by the person, any 
entity that controls, directly or indirectly, the person or any entity directly or indirectly under common control 
with the person. For this purpose, "control" of any entity or person means ownership of a majority of the voting 
power of the entity or person.  
"Aggregate Credit Unwind Costs" has the meaning given to such term in the definition of "Credit Unwind 
Costs".  
"Asset" means each obligation, equity, amount of cash, security, fee (including any "early-bird" or other 
consent fee), right and/or other asset, whether tangible or otherwise and whether issued, incurred, paid or 
provided by the Reference Entity or a third party (or any value which was realised or capable of being realised 
in circumstances where the right and/or other asset no longer exists).  
"Asset Market Value" means the market value of an Asset, as the Calculation Agent shall determine by 
reference to an appropriate specialist valuation or in accordance with the methodology determined by the 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee.  
"Asset Package" means, in respect of an Asset Package Credit Event, all of the Assets in the proportion 
received or retained by a Relevant Securityholder in connection with such relevant Asset Package Credit Event 
(which may include the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond, as the case may be). If the 
Relevant Securityholder is offered a choice of Assets or a choice of combinations of Assets, the Asset Package 
will be the package of Assets for which the greatest amount of principal has been or will be exchanged or 
converted (including by way of amendment), as determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to Eligible 
Information. If this cannot be determined, the such Asset Package will be the package of Assets with the

--- Page 211 ---
Payout Conditions for Credit Linked Notes 
 
207 
 
highest immediately realisable value, determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
methodology, if any, determined by the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee. If the Relevant 
Securityholder is offered, receives and retains nothing, the Asset Package shall be deemed to be zero.  
"Asset Package Credit Event" means:  
(a) 
if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" and "Governmental Intervention" are specified as "applicable" 
in respect of the Reference Entity:  
(i) 
a Governmental Intervention; or  
(ii) 
a Restructuring in respect of the Reference Obligation, if "Restructuring" is specified as 
"applicable" in respect of the Reference Entity and such Restructuring does not constitute a 
Governmental Intervention; and  
(b) 
if the Reference Entity is a Sovereign and "Restructuring" is specified as "applicable" in respect of the 
Reference Entity, a Restructuring,  
in each case, whether or not such event is specified as the applicable Credit Event in the Credit Event Notice 
or the DC Credit Event Announcement.  
"Assignable Loan" means a Loan that is capable of being assigned or novated to, at a minimum, commercial 
banks or financial institutions (irrespective of their jurisdiction of organisation) that are not then a lender or a 
member of the relevant lending syndicate, without the consent of the Reference Entity or the guarantor, if any, 
of such Loan (or the consent of the applicable borrower if the Reference Entity is guaranteeing such Loan) or 
any agent, and if specified as "applicable" to a Deliverable Obligation Category, the Assignable Loan 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristic shall be applicable only in respect of obligations within that Deliverable 
Obligation Category that are Loans.  
"Bankruptcy" means a Reference Entity:  
(a) 
is dissolved (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger);  
(a) 
becomes insolvent or is unable to pay its debts or fails or admits in writing in a judicial, regulatory or 
administrative proceeding or filing its inability generally to pay its debts as they become due;  
(b) 
makes a general assignment, arrangement, scheme or composition with or for the benefit of its creditors 
generally, or such a general assignment, arrangement, scheme or composition becomes effective;  
(c) 
institutes or has instituted against it a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or 
any other similar relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other law affecting creditors' rights, 
or a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation, and, in the case of any such proceeding or 
petition instituted or presented against it, such proceeding or petition: (i) results in a judgment of 
insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of an order for relief or the making of an order for its winding-
up or liquidation; or (ii) is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained in each case within thirty 
calendar days of the institution or presentation thereof;  
(d) 
has a resolution passed for its winding-up or liquidation (other than pursuant to a consolidation, 
amalgamation or merger);  
(e) 
seeks or becomes subject to the appointment of an administrator, provisional liquidator, conservator, 
receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official for it or for all or substantially all its assets;  
(f) 
has a secured party take possession of all or substantially all its assets or has a distress, execution, 
attachment, sequestration or other legal process levied, enforced or sued on or against all or

--- Page 212 ---
Payout Conditions for Credit Linked Notes 
 
208 
 
substantially all its assets and such secured party maintains possession, or any such process is not 
dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained, in each case within thirty calendar days thereafter; or  
(g) 
causes or is subject to any event with respect to it which, under the applicable laws of any jurisdiction, 
has an analogous effect to any of the events specified in subparagraphs (a) to (f) (inclusive) above.  
"Basket Credit Linked Notes" means any Credit Linked Notes specified as such in the Issue Terms.  
"Bond" means any obligation of a type included in the "Borrowed Money" Obligation Category that is in the 
form of, or represented by, a bond, note (other than notes delivered pursuant to Loans), certificated debt 
security or other debt security and shall not include any other type of Borrowed Money obligation.  
"Bond or Loan" means any obligation that is either a Bond or a Loan.  
"Bonus Coupon Day Count Fraction" means the relevant Day Count Fraction specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms, and to be read as though the terms relating to Day Count Fraction apply thereto.  
"Bonus Coupon Determination Date" means the date specified in the Issue Terms, or if not specified, the 
relevant Final Price Calculation Date.  
"Bonus Coupon Implicit Portfolio Size" means the amount specified as such in the Issue Terms.  
"Bonus Coupon Payment Date(s)" means the dates specified as such in the Issue Terms.  
"Bonus Coupon Writedown Rate" means, in respect of an Event Determination Date relating to a Reference 
Entity, the Incurred Loss Amount (if any) divided by the initial aggregate Notional Amount (the Incurred Loss 
Amount for such purpose only, to be determined as though the Attachment Point, Exhaustion Point and Implicit 
Portfolio Size were respectively references to the Bonus Coupon Attachment Point, Bonus Coupon Exhaustion 
Point and Bonus Coupon Implicit Portfolio Size and further assuming that for such purpose, references to the 
definitions of Incurred Loss Amount and, if "Incurred Recoveries" are specified as "applicable" in the Issue 
Terms, to Outstanding Notional Amount is to be the initial aggregate Notional Amount multiplied by the 
Outstanding Bonus Coupon Rate).  
"Borrowed Money" means any obligation (excluding an obligation under a revolving credit arrangement for 
which there are no outstanding unpaid drawings in respect of principal) for the payment or repayment of 
borrowed money (which term shall include, without limitation, deposits and reimbursement obligations arising 
from drawings pursuant to letters of credit).  
"Business Day" means: 
(h) 
a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets 
settle payments and are open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in the principal financial centre for that currency and each other place (if any) 
specified in the Issue Terms as an Additional Business Centre and if T2 is specified as an Additional 
Business Centre, a T2 Business Day; 
(ii) 
in the case of Euro as Specified Currency or Underlying Currency, a day (other than a Saturday or 
Sunday) on which the T2 System is operating for the purposes of settlements of payments in euro (a 
"T2 Business Day") and on which commercial banks are open for business in each place (if any) 
specified in the Issue Terms as an Additional Business Centre; and/or 
(iii) 
in the case of Renminbi as Specified Currency or Underlying Currency, a day (other than a Saturday 
or Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets are open for business and 
settlement of Renminbi payments in each Relevant Renminbi Settlement Centre (as defined below) 
and each other place (if any) specified in the Issue Terms as an Additional Business Centre. 
"CLN Business Day" means, in respect of any Reference Entity, (a)(i) a day on which commercial banks and 
foreign exchange markets are generally open to settle payments in the place or places and on the days specified

--- Page 213 ---
Payout Conditions for Credit Linked Notes 
 
209 
 
for that purpose with respect to such Reference Entity, and/or (ii) a T2 Settlement Day (if "T2" or "T2 
Settlement Day" is specified with respect to such Reference Entity), or (b) if a place or places or such terms 
are not so specified, (i) if the related Reference Entity Notional Amount is denominated in the euro, a T2 
Settlement Day, or (ii) otherwise, a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets are 
generally open to settle payments in the principal financial city in the jurisdiction of the currency of 
denomination of the related Reference Entity Notional Amount.  
"CLN Dealer" means a dealer in obligations of the type of Obligation(s) (as the case may be) for which 
quotations are to be obtained (as selected by the Calculation Agent) and may include the Calculation Agent or 
its Affiliate and a Securityholder or its Affiliate or as may otherwise be specified in the Issue Terms.  
"CLN Merger Event" means that at any time during the period from (and including) the Trade Date to (but 
excluding) the Credit Observation Period End Date, the Issuer:  
(a) 
becomes aware that a Reference Entity has consolidated or amalgamated with, or merged into, or 
transferred all or substantially all of its assets to, a Securityholder ("Reference Entity/Holder Merger"); 
or  
(b) 
itself consolidates or amalgamates with or merges into, or transfers all or substantially all of its assets 
to a Reference Entity ("Reference Entity/Issuer Merger").  
"CLN Merger Event Redemption Date" means the date specified as such in the Issue Terms.  
"CLN Redemption Date" means either:  
(a) 
the Scheduled Redemption Date; or  
(b) 
where an Extension Notice in relation to a Reference Entity is delivered by the Calculation Agent to 
the Issuer at or prior to 11:00 a.m. (London time) on the date falling two London Business Days prior 
to the Scheduled Redemption Date, the date falling two Business Days after the latest to occur of the 
expiry of the Notice Delivery Period, the expiry of the Post Dismissal Additional Period or the latest 
date on which it would be possible for the Calculation Agent or the Issuer to deliver a Credit Event 
Notice under paragraph (b)(i)(B) or (b)(ii) of the definition of "Event Determination Date".  
"Combination Credit Linked Notes" means any Credit Linked Note specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Component Notional Amount" means, in relation to Combination Credit Linked Notes and any Credit 
Component, an amount equal to the product of (i) the related Component Percentage and (ii) the initial 
aggregate Notional Amount of Combination Credit Linked Notes.  
"Component Percentage" means, in relation to Combination Credit Linked Notes and any Credit Component 
such percentage as may be specified in the Issue Terms.  
"Conditionally Transferable Obligation" means a Deliverable Obligation that is either Transferable, in the 
case of Bonds, or capable of being assigned or novated to any bank, financial institution or other entity which 
is regularly engaged in or established for the purpose of making, purchasing or investing in loans, securities 
and other financial assets, without the consent of any person being required, in the case of any Deliverable 
Obligation other than Bonds, in each case, as of the Delivery Date or, as applicable, as of the Valuation Date, 
provided, however, that a Deliverable Obligation other than Bonds will be a Conditionally Transferable 
Obligation notwithstanding that consent of the Reference Entity or the guarantor, if any, of a Deliverable 
Obligation other than Bonds (or the consent of the relevant obligor if the Reference Entity is guaranteeing such 
Deliverable Obligation) or any agent is required for such novation, assignment or transfer so long as the terms 
of such Deliverable Obligation provide that such consent may not be unreasonably withheld or delayed. Any 
requirement that notification of novation, assignment or transfer of a Deliverable Obligation be provided to a 
trustee, fiscal agent, administrative agent, clearing agent or paying agent for a Deliverable Obligation shall not 
be considered to be a requirement for consent for purposes of this definition of "Conditionally Transferable 
Obligation".

--- Page 214 ---
Payout Conditions for Credit Linked Notes 
 
210 
 
"Conforming Reference Obligation" means a Reference Obligation which is a Deliverable Obligation 
determined in accordance with paragraph (a) of the definition of "Deliverable Obligation".  
"Consent Required Loan" means a Loan that is capable of being assigned or novated with the consent of the 
relevant Reference Entity or the guarantor, if any, of such Loan (or the consent of the relevant borrower if the 
Reference Entity is guaranteeing such Loan) or any agent, and, if specified as "applicable" to a Deliverable 
Obligation Category, the Consent Required Loan Deliverable Obligation Characteristic shall be applicable 
only in respect of obligations within the Deliverable Obligation Category that are Loans.  
"Credit Component" means a set of credit-linkage terms, as specified in the Issue Terms.  
"Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee" means each committee established pursuant to the Rules 
for purposes of reaching certain DC Resolutions in connection with credit derivative transactions in the over-
the-counter market.  
"Credit Event" means the occurrence of one or more of Bankruptcy, Failure to Pay, Obligation Acceleration, 
Obligation Default, Repudiation/Moratorium, Restructuring, Governmental Intervention as specified in the 
Issue Terms with respect to a Reference Entity.  
If an occurrence would otherwise constitute a Credit Event, such occurrence will constitute a Credit Event 
whether or not such occurrence arises directly or indirectly from, or is subject to a defence based upon:  
(a) 
any lack or alleged lack of authority or capacity of the Reference Entity to enter into any Obligation 
or, as applicable, an Underlying Obligor to enter into any Underlying Obligation;  
(b) 
any actual or alleged unenforceability, illegality, impossibility or invalidity with respect to any 
Obligation or, as applicable, any Underlying Obligation, however described;  
(c) 
any applicable law, order, regulation, decree or notice, however described, or the promulgation of, or 
any change in, the interpretation by any court, tribunal, regulatory authority or similar administrative 
or judicial body with competent or apparent jurisdiction of any applicable law, order, regulation, decree 
or notice, however described; or  
(d) 
the imposition of, or any change in, any exchange controls, capital restrictions or any other similar 
restrictions imposed by any monetary or other authority, however described.  
"Credit Event Backstop Date" means the date that is 60 calendar days prior to the Trade Date or, if so 
specified in the Issue Terms, the Issue Date or such other date specified in the Issue Terms. The Credit Event 
Backstop Date shall not be subject to adjustment in accordance with any Business Day Convention.  
"Credit Event Cash Settlement Amount" means, in relation to any Reference Entity and unless otherwise 
specified in the Issue Terms, an amount in the Settlement Currency as determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the formula below:  
Credit Event Cash Settlement Amount = Max (PPA, Max [0, Min (A, [(A × B) – C]))]  
Where:  
"A" means the Reference Entity Notional Amount;  
"B" means the Weighted Average Final Price, or if so specified in the Issue Terms, the Final Price or 
such other price specified therein;  
"C" means the Credit Unwind Costs (unless the Issue Terms specify that Credit Unwind Costs are not 
applicable, in which event "C" means zero); and  
"PPA" means the Principal Protection Level specified in the Issue Terms multiplied by the Reference 
Entity Notional Amount (and if there is no such level shall be disregarded).

--- Page 215 ---
Payout Conditions for Credit Linked Notes 
 
211 
 
"Credit Event Cash Settlement Date" means the date that is the number of Business Days specified in the 
Issue Terms (or, if a number of Business Days is not specified, three Business Days) immediately following 
the determination of the Weighted Average Final Price (or, if Credit Linked Note Payout Condition 3.2 
(Redemption following Event Determination Date) is specified not to be applicable in the Issue Terms or if the 
Final Price is specified in the Issue Terms, the date falling fifteen CLN Business Days following the date of 
the relevant DC Credit Event Announcement).  
"Credit Event Notice" means an irrevocable notice from the Calculation Agent (which may be in writing 
(including by facsimile and/or email and/or by telephone)) to the Issuer that describes a Credit Event that 
occurred on or after the Credit Event Backstop Date and on or prior to the Extension Date.  
Any Credit Event Notice that describes a Credit Event that occurred after the Credit Observation Period End 
Date must relate to the relevant Potential Failure to Pay, in the case of a Grace Period Extension Date, or the 
relevant Potential Repudiation/Moratorium, in the case of a Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date.  
A Credit Event Notice that describes a Credit Event other than an M(M)R Restructuring must be in respect of 
the full Reference Entity Notional Amount.  
A Credit Event Notice must contain a description in reasonable detail of the facts relevant to the determination 
that a Credit Event has occurred, provided that where an Event Determination Date has occurred pursuant to 
sub-paragraph (b) of the definition thereof, a reference to the relevant DC Credit Event Announcement shall 
suffice. The Credit Event that is the subject of the Credit Event Notice need not be continuing on the date the 
Credit Event Notice is effective.  
"Credit Event Resolution Request Date" means, with respect to a DC Credit Event Question, the date as 
publicly announced by the DC Secretary that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
Resolves to be the date on which the DC Credit Event Question was effective and on which the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee was in possession of Publicly Available Information with respect to 
such DC Credit Event Question.  
"Credit Linked Notes" means Notes linked to the credit of a specified entity or entities.  
"Credit Observation Period End Date" means the date, if any, specified as such in the Issue Terms or, if no 
such date is specified, the Scheduled Redemption Date.  
"Credit Unwind Costs" means an amount (such amount prior to any apportionment pro rata, the "Aggregate 
Credit Unwind Costs"), subject to a minimum of zero, determined by the Calculation Agent equal to the sum 
of (without duplication) all costs, expenses (including loss of funding), tax and duties incurred by the Issuer in 
connection with:  
(a) 
where applicable, the redemption, settlement, cancellation and/or termination of the Credit Linked 
Notes (and/or the reduction in the Outstanding Notional Amount thereof); and  
(b) 
the related termination, settlement or re-establishment of any Hedge Transaction  
such amount to be either apportioned pro rata amongst the outstanding principal amount outstanding of each 
Credit Linked Note or as an alternative, in respect of any substitution pursuant to a Reference Entity/Issuer 
CLN Merger Event only, to be deducted pro rata from the interest accrued on each Credit Linked Note.  
"DC Credit Event Announcement" means, with respect to a Reference Entity, a public announcement by the 
DC Secretary that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved that an event that 
constitutes a Credit Event has occurred on or after the Credit Event Backstop Date and on or prior to the 
Extension Date, provided that if the Credit Event occurred after the Credit Observation Period End Date, the 
DC Credit Event Announcement must relate to the relevant Potential Failure to Pay, in the case of a Grace 
Period Extension Date, or the relevant Potential Repudiation/Moratorium, in the case of a 
Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date.

--- Page 216 ---
Payout Conditions for Credit Linked Notes 
 
212 
 
"DC Credit Event Meeting Announcement" means, with respect to the Reference Entity, a public 
announcement by the DC Secretary that a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee will be convened to 
Resolve the matters described in a DC Credit Event Question.  
"DC Credit Event Question" means a notice to the DC Secretary requesting that a Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee be convened to Resolve whether an event that constitutes a Credit Event has 
occurred.  
"DC Credit Event Question Dismissal" means, with respect to the Reference Entity, a public announcement 
by the DC Secretary that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved not to 
determine the matters described in a DC Credit Event Question.  
"DC No Credit Event Announcement" means, with respect to the Reference Entity, a public announcement 
by the DC Secretary that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved that an event 
that is the subject of a DC Credit Event Question does not constitute a Credit Event.  
"DC Resolution" means a resolution made by a relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee or, if 
the context so requires, the meaning given to that term in the Rules.  
"DC Resolution Reversal Cut-off Date" means the earliest to occur of the Auction Final Price Determination 
Date, a Valuation Date, a Delivery Date, the CLN Redemption Date or other redemption date of the Credit 
Linked Notes or the date on which instructions are given by or on behalf of the Issuer for any such redemption 
or any date, as determined by the Calculation Agent acting in a commercially reasonable manner, of 
termination, settlement, replacement or re-establishment in whole or in part of any Hedge Transaction (or entry 
into a binding commitment in respect of any of the foregoing) by or on behalf of the Issuer and/or any of its 
Affiliates (following the occurrence of an Event Determination Date or in reliance on a prior DC Resolution), 
as applicable.  
"DC Secretary" means ISDA.  
"Default Requirement" means the amount as may be specified as such in the Issue Terms or, if no such 
amount is specified, U.S.$ 10,000,000 or its equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency, in either case, as 
of the occurrence of the relevant Credit Event. 
"Deliverable Obligation" means:  
(a) 
any obligation of the relevant Reference Entity (either directly or as provider of a Relevant Guarantee) 
determined pursuant to the Method for Determining Deliverable Obligations;  
(b) 
the Reference Obligation;  
(c) 
solely in relation to a Restructuring Credit Event applicable to a Reference Entity which is a Sovereign, 
and unless Asset Package is applicable, any Obligation of a Reference Entity which is a Sovereign 
(either directly or as provider of a Relevant Guarantee) (I) in respect of which a Restructuring that is 
the subject of the Credit Event Notice or DC Credit Event Announcement has occurred and (II) which 
fell within the definition of a Deliverable Obligation set out in paragraph (a) immediately preceding 
the date on which such Restructuring is legally effective in accordance with the terms of the 
documentation governing such Restructuring; and  
(d) 
if Asset Package is applicable, any Prior Deliverable Obligation (if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" 
is specified as "applicable" in respect of the Reference Entity) or any Package Observable Bond (if the 
Reference Entity is a Sovereign),  
in each case,  
(i) unless it is one of the following:

--- Page 217 ---
Payout Conditions for Credit Linked Notes 
 
213 
 
(a) 
any obligation of the Reference Entity specified as such or of a type described in the related Issue 
Terms;  
(b) 
any principal only component of a Bond from which some or all of the interest components have been 
stripped; and  
(c) 
if Asset Package is applicable, any obligation issued or incurred on or after the date of the relevant 
Asset Package Credit Event; and 
(ii) provided that the obligation has an Outstanding Notional Balance or Due and Payable Amount that is 
greater than zero (determined for purposes of paragraph (d), immediately prior to the relevant Asset Package 
Credit Event).  
For purposes of the "Method for Determining Deliverable Obligations", the term "Deliverable Obligation" 
may be defined as each obligation of the Reference Entity described by the Deliverable Obligation Category 
specified in respect of the Reference Entity, and, subject to Credit Linked Note Payout Condition 5 (Provisions 
relating to Obligation Category and Characteristics and Deliverable Obligation Category and 
Characteristics), having each of the Deliverable Obligation Characteristics, if any, specified in respect of the 
Reference Entity, in each case, as of the Delivery Date or Valuation Date, as applicable (unless otherwise 
specified).  
"Deliverable Obligation Category" means one of Payment, Borrowed Money, Reference Obligation Only, 
Bond, Loan, or Bond or Loan as specified in relation to a Reference Entity. If any of Payment, Borrowed 
Money, Loan or Bond or Loan is specified as the Deliverable Obligation Category and more than one of 
Assignable Loan, Consent Required Loan and Direct Loan Participation are specified as Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristics, the Deliverable Obligations may include any Loan that satisfies any one of such 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics specified and need not satisfy all such Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristics. No Deliverable Obligation Characteristics are applicable to Reference Obligation Only.  
"Delivery Date" means, with respect to a Deliverable Obligation or an Asset Package, the date on which such 
Deliverable Obligation or Asset Package is delivered.  
"Direct Loan Participation" means a Loan in respect of which, pursuant to a participation agreement, the 
Issuer is capable of creating, or procuring the creation of, a contractual right in favour of each Securityholder 
that provides each Securityholder with recourse to the participation seller for a specified share in any payments 
due under the relevant Loan which are received by such participation seller, any such agreement to be entered 
into between each Securityholder and either:  
(a) 
the Issuer (to the extent that the Issuer, is then a lender or member of the relevant lending syndicate), 
or  
(b) 
a participation seller that meets the requirements specified in relation to a Reference Entity (if any) (to 
the extent such participation seller is then a lender or a member of the relevant lending syndicate).  
"Domestic Currency" means the currency specified as such in relation to a Reference Entity and any successor 
currency thereto. If no currency is so specified, the Domestic Currency shall be the lawful currency and any 
successor currency of:  
(a) 
the relevant Reference Entity, if the Reference Entity is a Sovereign; or  
(b) 
the jurisdiction in which the relevant Reference Entity is organised, if the Reference Entity is not a 
Sovereign.  
"Domestic Law" means each of the laws of (a) the Reference Entity, if such Reference Entity is a Sovereign, 
or (b) the jurisdiction in which the Reference Entity is organised, if such Reference Entity is not a Sovereign.  
"Downstream Affiliate" means an entity whose outstanding Voting Shares were, at the date of issuance of the 
Qualifying Guarantee, more than 50 per cent. owned, directly or indirectly, by the Reference Entity.

--- Page 218 ---
Payout Conditions for Credit Linked Notes 
 
214 
 
"Due and Payable Amount" means the amount that is due and payable by the Reference Entity under the 
obligation whether by reason of maturity, acceleration, termination or otherwise (excluding sums in respect of 
default interest, indemnities, tax gross-ups and other similar amounts) less all or any portion of such amount 
which, pursuant to the terms of the obligation (a) is subject to any Prohibited Action, or (b) may otherwise be 
reduced as a result of the effluxion of time or the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event or circumstance 
(other than by way of (i) payment or (ii) a Permitted Contingency), in each case, determined in accordance 
with the terms of the obligation in effect on Valuation Date.  
"Eligible Information" means information which is publicly available or which can be made public without 
violating any law, agreement, understanding or other restriction regarding the confidentiality of such 
information.  
"Eligible Transferee" means each of the following:  
(a) 
any:  
(i) 
bank or other financial institution;  
(ii) 
insurance or reinsurance company;  
(iii) 
mutual fund, unit trust or similar collective investment vehicle (other than an entity described 
in sub-paragraph (c)(i) below); and  
(iv) 
registered or licensed broker or dealer (other than a natural person or proprietorship),  
provided, however, in each case that such entity has total assets of at least USD 500,000,000;  
(b) 
an Affiliate of an entity specified in (a) above;  
(c) 
each of a corporation, partnership, proprietorship, organisation, trust or other entity:  
(i) 
that is an investment vehicle (including, without limitation, any hedge fund, issuer of 
collateralised debt obligations, commercial paper conduit or other special purpose vehicle) that 
(I) has total assets of at least USD 100,000,000 or (II) is one of a group of investment vehicles 
under common control or management having, in aggregate, total assets of at least USD 
100,000,000:  
(ii) 
that has total assets of at least USD 500,000,000; or  
(iii) 
the obligations of which under an agreement, contract or transaction are guaranteed or otherwise 
supported by a letter of credit or keepwell, support, or other agreement by an entity described 
in paragraphs (a), (b), (c)(ii) or (d) hereof; and  
(d) 
any:  
(i) 
Sovereign; or  
(ii) 
entity or organisation established by treaty or other arrangement between two or more 
Sovereigns including, without limiting the foregoing, the International Monetary Fund, 
European Central Bank, International Bank for Reconstruction and Development and European 
Bank for Reconstruction and Development,  
All references in this definition to U.S.$ or USD include equivalent amounts in other currencies, as determined 
by the Calculation Agent.  
"Event Determination Date" means, in respect of any Credit Event:  
(a) 
subject to sub-paragraph (b) below, the first date on which both an effective Credit Event Notice and, 
unless "Notice of Publicly Available Information" is specified in the Issue Terms as not applicable, an

--- Page 219 ---
Payout Conditions for Credit Linked Notes 
 
215 
 
effective Notice of Publicly Available Information, have been delivered by the Calculation Agent to 
the Issuer, if such date occurs during either the Notice Delivery Period or the Post Dismissal Additional 
Period, provided that neither a DC Credit Event Announcement nor a DC No Credit Event 
Announcement has occurred, in each case, with respect to the Credit Event specified in the Credit 
Event Notice; or  
(b) 
save in respect of an M(M)R Restructuring Credit Event and notwithstanding subparagraph (a) above, 
if a DC Credit Event Announcement has occurred and the Credit Event Resolution Request Date has 
occurred on or prior to the last day of the Notice Delivery Period (including prior to the Trade Date), 
either:  
(i) 
the Credit Event Resolution Request Date, if either:  
(A) 
(I) the Credit Event is not an M(M)R Restructuring; and (II) the Trade Date occurs on 
or prior to the Auction Final Price Determination Date, the Auction Cancellation Date, 
or the date that is 21 calendar days following the No Auction Announcement Date, if 
any, as applicable; or  
(B) 
(I) the Credit Event is an M(M)R Restructuring; and (II) a Credit Event Notice is 
delivered by the Calculation Agent to the Issuer on or prior to the Exercise Cut-off 
Date; or  
(ii) 
the first date on which a Credit Event Notice is delivered by the Calculation Agent to the Issuer 
during either the Notice Delivery Period or the period from and including the date of the DC 
Credit Event Announcement to and including the date that is 15 Business Days thereafter, 
provided that:  
(iii) 
no Credit Event Cash Settlement Date has occurred on or prior to the date on which the DC 
Credit Event Meeting Announcement occurs;  
(iv) 
if any Valuation Date or Delivery Date, as applicable, has occurred on or prior to the date on 
which the DC Credit Event Meeting Announcement occurs, an Event Determination Date shall 
be deemed to have occurred only with respect to the portion of the Reference Entity Notional 
Amount, if any, with respect to which no Valuation Date or Delivery Date, as applicable, has 
occurred; and  
(v) 
no Credit Event Notice specifying an M(M)R Restructuring as the only Credit Event has 
previously been delivered by the Calculation Agent to the Issuer:  
(A) 
unless the M(M)R Restructuring specified in such Credit Event Notice is also the 
subject of the DC Credit Event Question resulting in the occurrence of the Credit Event 
Resolution Request Date;  
(B) 
unless, and to the extent that, the Exercise Amount specified in any such Credit Event 
Notice was less than the then outstanding Reference Entity Notional Amount; or  
(C) 
unless the Notional Credit Derivative Transaction is an Auction Covered Transaction 
and the Deliverable Obligations set out on the Final List are identical to the 
Permissible Deliverable Obligations for such Notional Credit Derivative Transaction. 
No Event Determination Date will occur with respect to an event, and any Event Determination Date 
previously determined with respect to an event shall be deemed not to have occurred, if, or to the extent that, 
a DC No Credit Event Announcement occurs with respect to the event that, but for such DC No Credit Event 
Announcement, would have constituted a Credit Event, prior to the DC Resolution Reversal Cut-off Date.

--- Page 220 ---
Payout Conditions for Credit Linked Notes 
 
216 
 
Where the Credit Linked Notes are Basket Credit Linked Notes, Tranched CLNs or Nth-to Default Credit 
Linked Notes and an Event Determination Date occurs with respect to more than one Reference Entity on the 
same day, the Calculation Agent shall determine the order in which such Event Determination Dates occurred 
acting in good faith and in a reasonable manner.  
"Exercise Amount" has the meaning given to it in Credit Linked Note Payout Condition 8.1(a) (Multiple 
Credit Event Notices).  
"Exercise Cut-off Date" means the date that is the later of:  
(a) 
65 Business Days following the Final List Publication Date;  
(b) 
15 CLN Business Days following the Auction Final Price Determination Date, if any;  
(c) 
15 CLN Business Days following the Auction Cancellation Date, if any; or  
(d) 
15 CLN Business Days following the No Auction Announcement Date, if any,  
or such later date as the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee Resolves.  
"Extension Date" means the latest of:  
(a) 
the Credit Observation Period End Date;  
(b) 
the Grace Period Extension Date if:  
(i) 
"Failure to Pay" and "Grace Period Extension" are specified as "applicable" in relation to any 
Reference Entity;  
(ii) 
the Potential Failure to Pay with respect to the relevant Failure to Pay occurs on or prior to the 
Credit Observation Period End Date; and  
(iii) 
an Extension Notice is delivered under sub-paragraph (b) of the definition thereof;  
(c) 
the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date (if any) if:  
(i) 
Repudiation/Moratorium is specified as "applicable" in relation to any Reference Entity; and  
(ii) 
an Extension Notice is delivered under sub-paragraph (c) of the definition thereof.  
"Extension Notice" means a notice from the Calculation Agent to the Issuer giving notice of the following in 
relation to a Reference Entity:  
(a) 
without prejudice to sub-paragraphs (b), (c) or (d) below, that a Credit Event has occurred or may 
occur on or prior to the Credit Observation Period End Date; or  
(b) 
that a Potential Failure to Pay has occurred or may occur on or prior to the Credit Observation Period 
End Date; or  
(c) 
that a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium has occurred or may occur on or prior to the Credit 
Observation Period End Date; or  
(d) 
that a Credit Event Resolution Request Date has occurred or may occur on or prior to the last day of 
the Notice Delivery Period.  
"Failure to Pay" means, after the expiration of any applicable Grace Period (after the satisfaction of any 
conditions precedent to the commencement of such Grace Period), the failure by the Reference Entity to make, 
when and where due, any payments in an aggregate amount of not less than the Payment Requirement under 
one or more Obligations, in accordance with the terms of such Obligations at the time of such failure.

--- Page 221 ---
Payout Conditions for Credit Linked Notes 
 
217 
 
If an occurrence that would constitute a Failure to Pay (a) is a result of a redenomination that occurs as a result 
of action taken by a Governmental Authority which is of general application in the jurisdiction of such 
Governmental Authority and (b) a freely available market rate of conversion existed at the time of the 
redenomination, then such occurrence will be deemed not to constitute a Failure to Pay unless the 
redenomination itself constituted a reduction in the rate or amount of interest, principal or premium payable 
(as determined by reference to such freely available market rate of conversion) at the time of such 
redenomination.  
Unless "Credit Deterioration Requirement" is specified as not applicable in the applicable Issue Terms in 
respect of the relevant Reference Entity, then, notwithstanding the foregoing, it shall not constitute a Failure 
to Pay if such failure does not directly or indirectly either result from, or result in, a deterioration in the 
creditworthiness or financial condition of the Reference Entity, as determined by the Calculation Agent acting 
in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. 
"Final List" means the final list of Deliverable Obligations published by the DC Secretary on its website.  
"Final List Publication Date" means, in respect of a Credit Event, the date on which the last Final List in 
respect of such Credit Event is published by ISDA.  
"Final Price" means:  
(a) 
the price specified in the Issue Terms as being the Final Price with respect to a Reference Entity; or  
(b) 
the price of the Reference Obligation or, as applicable, any Valuation Obligation expressed as a 
percentage of its Outstanding Notional Balance or Due and Payable Amount (or, as the case may be, 
the Outstanding Amount of the relevant Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond 
immediately prior to the Asset Package Credit Event), as applicable, determined in accordance with:  
(i) 
the highest Quotation obtained by the Calculation Agent (or otherwise in accordance with the 
definition of "Quotation") with respect to the Valuation Date (or, in the case of a relevant Asset 
other than Borrowed Money and other than a Non-Transferable Instrument or Non-Financial 
Instrument, such other market value of the relevant Asset as may be determined by the 
Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner); or  
(ii) 
if the relevant Asset is a Non-Transferable Instrument or Non-Financial Instrument, the 
relevant Asset Market Value.  
For the avoidance of doubt, if the Asset Package is or is deemed to be zero, the Final Price shall be zero. If the 
Final Price is specified in the Issue Terms, the Final Price shall be the price so specified.  
"Final Price Calculation Date" means an Auction Final Price Determination Date or, as the case may be, the 
date on which the Weighted Average Final Price or (as applicable) the Final Price is determined in respect of 
a particular Credit Event and the relevant Reference Entity, or in the case of Zero Recovery Credit Linked 
Notes, the relevant Event Determination Date.  
"Final Settlement Date" means the 10th Business Day following the latest to occur of the Final Price 
Calculation Dates in respect of the Reference Entities.  
"Fixed Cap" means, with respect to a Guarantee, a specified numerical limit or cap on the liability of the 
Reference Entity in respect of some or all payments due under the Underlying Obligation, provided that a 
Fixed Cap shall exclude a limit or cap determined by reference to a formula with one or more variable inputs 
(and for these purposes, the outstanding principal or other amounts payable pursuant to the Underlying 
Obligation shall not be considered to be variable inputs).  
"Full Quotation" means, in accordance with the bid quotations provided by the CLN Dealers, each firm 
quotation (expressed as a percentage of the Outstanding Notional Balance, Due and Payable Amount or 
Outstanding Amount of the relevant Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond immediately

--- Page 222 ---
Payout Conditions for Credit Linked Notes 
 
218 
 
prior to the Asset Package Credit Event, as applicable) obtained from a CLN Dealer at the Valuation Time, to 
the extent reasonably practicable, for an amount of the Reference Obligation or Deliverable Obligation with 
an Outstanding Notional Balance, Due and Payable Amount or Outstanding Amount of the relevant Prior 
Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond immediately prior to the Asset Package Credit Event, as 
applicable, equal to the Quotation Amount.  
"Further Subordinated Obligation" means, if the Reference Obligation or Prior Reference Obligation, as 
applicable, is a Subordinated Obligation, any obligation which is Subordinated thereto.  
"Governmental Authority" means (i) any de facto or de jure government (or any agency, instrumentality, 
ministry or department thereof); (ii) any court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental, inter-
governmental or supranational body; (iii) any authority or any other entity (private or public) either designated 
as a resolution authority or charged with the regulation or supervision of the financial markets (including a 
central bank) of the Reference Entity or some or of all of its obligations; or (iv) any other authority which is 
analogous to any of the entities specified in (i) to (iii).  
"Governmental Intervention" means:  
(a) 
that, with respect to one or more Obligations and in relation to an aggregate amount of not less than 
the Default Requirement, any one or more of the following events occurs as a result of action taken or 
an announcement made by a Governmental Authority pursuant to, or by means of, a restructuring and 
resolution law or regulation (or any other similar law or regulation), in each case, applicable to the 
Reference Entity in a form which is binding, irrespective of whether such event is expressly provided 
for under the terms of such Obligation:  
(i) 
any event which would affect creditors' rights so as to cause:  
(A) 
a reduction in the rate or amount of interest payable or the amount of scheduled interest 
accruals (including by way of redenomination);  
(B) 
a reduction in the amount of principal or premium payable at redemption (including 
by way of redenomination);  
(C) 
a postponement or other deferral of a date or dates for either (I) the payment or accrual 
of interest, or (II) the payment of principal or premium; or  
(D) 
a change in the ranking in priority of payment of any Obligation, causing the 
Subordination of such Obligation to any other Obligation; 
(ii) 
an expropriation, transfer or other event which mandatorily changes the beneficial holder of 
the Obligation;  
(iii) 
a mandatory cancellation, conversion or exchange; or  
(iv) 
any event which has an analogous effect to any of the events specified in (a)(i) to (a)(iii) above.  
(b) 
For purposes of (a) above, the term Obligation shall be deemed to include Underlying Obligations for 
which the Reference Entity is acting as provider of a Guarantee.  
"Grace Period" means:  
(a) 
subject to sub-paragraphs (b) and (c), the applicable grace period with respect to payments under and 
in accordance with the terms of such Obligation in effect as of the date as of which such Obligation is 
issued or incurred;  
(b) 
if "Grace Period Extension" is applicable in relation to the relevant Reference Entity, a Potential 
Failure to Pay has occurred on or prior to the Credit Observation Period End Date and the applicable 
grace period cannot, by its terms, expire on or prior to the Credit Observation Period End Date, the

--- Page 223 ---
Payout Conditions for Credit Linked Notes 
 
219 
 
Grace Period shall be deemed to be the lesser of such grace period and the period specified as such in 
the Issue Terms or, if no period is specified, thirty calendar days; and  
(c) 
if, as of the date as of which an Obligation is issued or incurred, no grace period with respect to 
payments or a grace period with respect to payments of less than three Grace Period Business Days is 
applicable under the terms of such Obligation, a Grace Period of three Grace Period Business Days 
shall be deemed to apply to such Obligation; provided that, unless Grace Period Extension is specified 
as "applicable" in relation to the relevant Reference Entity, such deemed Grace Period shall expire no 
later than the Credit Observation Period End Date.  
"Grace Period Business Day" means a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets are 
generally open to settle payments in the place or places and on the days specified for that purpose in the relevant 
Obligation or if a place or places are not so specified, (a) if the Obligation Currency is the euro, a T2 Settlement 
Day, or (b) otherwise, a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets are generally open to 
settle payments in the principal financial city in the jurisdiction of the Obligation Currency.  
"Grace Period Extension Date" means, if:  
(a) 
"Grace Period Extension" is specified as "applicable" in relation to a Reference Entity; and  
(b) 
a Potential Failure to Pay occurs on or prior to the Credit Observation Period End Date,  
the date that is the number of days in the Grace Period after the date of such Potential Failure to Pay. If "Grace 
Period Extension" is not specified as "applicable" in relation to a Reference Entity, Grace Period Extension 
shall not apply.  
"Guarantee" means a Relevant Guarantee or a guarantee which is the Reference Obligation.  
"Hedge Transaction" means any transaction or trading position entered into or held by the Issuer and/or any 
of its Affiliates to hedge, directly or indirectly, the Issuer's obligations or positions (whether in whole or in 
part) in respect of the Credit Linked Notes.  
"Index Sponsor" means, in respect of a relevant Index Credit Linked Note, the index sponsor (if any) specified 
as such in the Issue Terms.  
"ISDA" means the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (or any successor thereto).  
"Latest Maturity Restructured Bond or Loan" means, in respect of a Reference Entity and a Credit Event 
that is a Restructuring, the Restructured Bond or Loan with the latest final redemption date.  
"Legacy Reference Entity" has the meaning given to such term in Credit Linked Note Payout Condition 6.3(a) 
(Nth-to-Default) above.  
"Limitation Date" means, in respect of a Credit Event that is a Restructuring, the first of March 20, June 20, 
September 20 or December 20 in any year to occur on or immediately following the date that is one of the 
following numbers of years after the Restructuring Date: 2.5 years (the "2.5-year Limitation Date"), 5 years, 
7.5 years, 10 years (the "10-year Limitation Date"), 12.5 years, 15 years or 20 years, as applicable. Limitation 
Dates shall not be subject to adjustment in accordance with any Business Day Convention.  
"Listed" means an obligation that is quoted, listed or ordinarily purchased and sold on an exchange and, if 
specified as "applicable" to an Obligation Category, the Listed Obligation Characteristic shall be applicable 
only in respect of obligations within that Obligation Category that are Bonds or, if specified as "applicable" to 
a Deliverable Obligation Category, the Listed Deliverable Obligation Characteristic shall be applicable only 
in respect of obligations within that Deliverable Obligation Category that are Bonds.  
"Loan" means any obligation of a type included in the Borrowed Money Obligation Category that is 
documented by a term loan agreement, revolving loan agreement or other similar credit agreement and shall 
not include any other type of Borrowed Money.

--- Page 224 ---
Payout Conditions for Credit Linked Notes 
 
220 
 
"London Business Day" means a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets are generally 
open to settle payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in London.  
"M" means, in relation to Nth-to-Default Credit Linked Notes where "Multiple Default Triggers" is applicable, 
such number as may be specified in the Issue Terms.  
"Max" means, whenever followed by a series of amounts inside brackets, whichever is the greater of the 
amounts separated by a comma inside those brackets.  
"Maximum Maturity" means an obligation that has a remaining maturity of not greater than:  
(a) 
the period specified in relation to a Reference Entity; or  
(b) 
if no such period is so specified, 30 years.  
"Min" means, whenever followed by a series of amounts inside brackets, whichever is the lesser of the amounts 
separated by a comma inside those brackets.  
"Minimum Quotation Amount" means unless where specified in the Issue Terms the lower of:  
(a) 
U.S.$ 1,000,000 (or its equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency); and  
(b) 
the Quotation Amount.  
"M(M)R Restructuring" means a Restructuring Credit Event in respect of which either "Mod R" or "Mod 
Mod R" is specified as "applicable" in respect of the Reference Entity.  
"Movement Option Cut-off Date" means the date that is one Relevant City Business Day following the 
Exercise Cut-off Date (or, if later, such other date as the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
Resolves) or such earlier date as the Issuer may designate by notice to the Calculation Agent and the 
Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 12 (Notices)).  
"Multiple Holder Obligation" means an Obligation that:  
(a) 
at the time of the event which constitutes a Restructuring Credit Event is held by more than three 
holders that are not Affiliates of each other; and  
(b) 
with respect to which at least two-thirds of holders (determined pursuant to the terms of the Obligation 
as in effect on the date of such event) are required to consent to the event which constitutes a 
Restructuring Credit Event,  
provided that any Obligation that is a Bond shall be deemed to satisfy the requirement in (b) above. 
"N" or "Nth" means, in relation to Nth-to-Default Credit Linked Notes, such number as may be specified in 
the Issue Terms.  
"Non-Conforming Reference Obligation" means a Reference Obligation which is not a Conforming 
Reference Obligation.  
"Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation" means an obligation which would be a Deliverable 
Obligation determined in accordance with paragraph (a) of the definition of "Deliverable Obligation" on the 
Substitution Date but for one or more of the same reasons which resulted in the Reference Obligation 
constituting a Non-Conforming Reference Obligation on the date it was issued or incurred and/or immediately 
prior to the Substitution Event Date (as applicable).  
"Non-Standard Reference Obligation" means the Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation or if a 
Substitute Reference Obligation has been determined, the Substitute Reference Obligation.

--- Page 225 ---
Payout Conditions for Credit Linked Notes 
 
221 
 
"Non-Financial Instrument" means any Asset which is not of the type typically traded in, or suitable for 
being traded in, financial markets.  
"Non-Transferable Instrument" means any Asset which is not capable of being transferred to institutional 
investors, excluding due to market conditions. " 
"Not Bearer" means any obligation that is not a bearer instrument unless interests with respect to such bearer 
instrument are cleared via Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other internationally recognised 
clearing system and, if specified as "applicable" to a Deliverable Obligation Category, the Not Bearer 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristic shall be applicable only in respect of obligations within that Deliverable 
Obligation Category that are Bonds.  
"Not Domestic Currency" means any obligation that is payable in any currency other than the applicable 
Domestic Currency, provided that a Standard Specified Currency shall not constitute a Domestic Currency. 
"Not Domestic Issuance" means any obligation other than an obligation that was issued (or reissued, as the 
case may be), or intended to be offered for sale primarily in the domestic market of the Reference Entity. Any 
obligation that is registered or, as a result of some other action having been taken for such purpose, is qualified 
for sale outside the domestic market of the Reference Entity (regardless of whether such obligation is also 
registered or qualified for sale within the domestic market of the Reference Entity) shall be deemed not to be 
issued (or reissued, as the case may be), or intended to be offered for sale primarily in the domestic market of 
the Reference Entity.  
"Not Domestic Law" means any obligation that is not governed by the applicable Domestic Law, provided 
that the laws of England and Wales, and the laws of the State of New York shall not constitute a Domestic 
Law.  
"Not Sovereign Lender" means any obligation that is not primarily owed to (A) a Sovereign or (B) any entity 
or organisation established by treaty or other arrangement between two or more Sovereigns including, without 
limiting the foregoing, the International Monetary Fund, European Central Bank, International Bank for 
Reconstruction and Development and European Bank for Reconstruction and Development, which shall 
include, without limitation, obligations generally referred to as "Paris Club debt".  
"Not Subordinated" means an obligation that is not Subordinated to (I) the Reference Obligation or (II) the 
Prior Reference Obligation, if applicable.  
"Notice Delivery Period" means the period from and including the Trade Date to and including the date 15 
CLN Business Days (or such other number of days as may be specified in the Issue Terms) after the Extension 
Date (or, if the relevant Credit Event is an M(M)R Restructuring, the later of such date and the Exercise Cut-
off Date).  
"Notice of Publicly Available Information" means an irrevocable notice from the Calculation Agent (which 
may be by telephone) to the Issuer that cites Publicly Available Information confirming the occurrence of the 
Credit Event described in the Credit Event Notice. In relation to a Repudiation/Moratorium Credit Event, the 
Notice of Publicly Available Information must cite Publicly Available Information confirming the occurrence 
of both sub-paragraphs (a) and (b) of the definition of "Repudiation/Moratorium". The notice must contain a 
copy, or a description in reasonable detail, of the relevant Publicly Available Information. If Notice of Publicly 
Available Information is specified as "applicable" in respect of the Reference Entity and a Credit Event Notice 
contains Publicly Available Information, such Credit Event Notice will also be deemed to be a Notice of 
Publicly Available Information.  
"Notional Credit Derivative Transaction" means, with respect to any Credit Linked Note and a Reference 
Entity, a hypothetical market standard credit default swap transaction entered into by the Issuer and under the 
terms of which:

--- Page 226 ---
Payout Conditions for Credit Linked Notes 
 
222 
 
(a) 
the "Trade Date" is the Trade Date, if specified in the Issue Terms and if not, the Issue Date;  
(b) 
the "Scheduled Termination Date" is the Credit Observation Period End Date;  
(c) 
the "Reference Entit(y)(ies)" thereunder is (are) such Reference Entit(y)(ies);  
(d) 
the applicable "Transaction Type", if any, is the Transaction Type for the purposes of such Credit 
Linked Note; and  
(e) 
the remaining terms as to credit linkage are consistent with the terms of such Credit Linked Note as it 
relates to such Reference Entity.  
"Nth-to-Default Credit Linked Note" means any Credit Linked Notes specified as such in the Issue Terms.  
"Obligation" means:  
(a) 
any obligation of the Reference Entity (either directly or as provider of a Relevant Guarantee) 
determined pursuant to the Method for Determining Obligations; and  
(b) 
the Reference Obligation,  
in each case, unless it is one of the following: 
(a) 
any obligation of the Reference Entity specified as such or of a type described in the related Issue 
Terms;  
(b) 
if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as "applicable" in respect of the Reference Entity 
and the Reference Entity is a Senior Transaction, then for purposes of determining whether a 
Governmental Intervention or Restructuring has occurred, any Subordinated Obligation; and  
(c) 
if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as "applicable" in respect of the Reference Entity 
and the Reference Entity is a Subordinated Transaction, then for purposes of determining whether a 
Governmental Intervention or Restructuring has occurred, any Further Subordinated Obligation.  
For purposes of the "Method for Determining Obligations", the term "Obligation" may be defined as each 
obligation of the Reference Entity described by the Obligation Category specified in respect thereof and having 
each of the Obligation Characteristics, if any, specified in respect thereof, in each case, immediately prior to 
the Credit Event which is the subject of either the Credit Event Notice or the DC Credit Event Question 
resulting in the occurrence of the Credit Event Resolution Request Date, as applicable.  
"Obligation Acceleration" means one or more Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less than the Default 
Requirement have become due and payable before they would otherwise have been due and payable as a result 
of, or on the basis of, the occurrence of a default, event of default or other similar condition or event (however 
described), other than a failure to make any required payment, in respect of the Reference Entity under one or 
more Obligations.  
"Obligation Category" means Payment, Borrowed Money, Reference Obligation Only, Bond, Loan, or Bond 
or Loan, only one of which shall be specified in the Issue Terms in relation to a Reference Entity.  
"Obligation Currency" means the currency or currencies in which an Obligation is denominated.  
"Obligation Default" means one or more Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less than the Default 
Requirement have become capable of being declared due and payable before they would otherwise have been 
due and payable as a result of, or on the basis of, the occurrence of a default, event of default, or other similar 
condition or event (howsoever described), other than a failure to make any required payment, in respect of the 
Reference Entity under one or more Obligations.  
"Original Bonds" means any Bonds comprising part of the relevant Deliverable Obligations.

--- Page 227 ---
Payout Conditions for Credit Linked Notes 
 
223 
 
"Original Loans" means any Loans comprising part of the relevant Deliverable Obligations.  
"Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation" means the obligation of the Reference Entity (either directly 
or as provider of a guarantee) which is specified as the Reference Obligation in relation to the Reference Entity 
(if any is so specified) provided that if an obligation is not an obligation of the Reference Entity, such obligation 
will not constitute a valid Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation for purposes of the Reference Entity 
(other than for the purposes of determining the Seniority Level and for the "Not Subordinated" Obligation 
Characteristic or "Not Subordinated" Deliverable Obligation Characteristic) unless (a) otherwise specified in 
the Issue Terms by reference to this definition, or (b) the Reference Entity is a Reference Obligation Only 
Trade.  
"Outstanding Amount" means the Outstanding Notional Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as applicable.  
"Outstanding Bonus Coupon Rate" means the rate equal to either:  
(a) 
if "Final Rate" is specified as applicable, the Bonus Coupon Rate (as specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms) less the aggregate of all Bonus Coupon Writedown Rates determined on or prior to the Bonus 
Coupon Determination Date; or  
(b) 
if "Averaging Rate" is specified as applicable, the Bonus Coupon Rate (as specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms) less the arithmetic average of the Bonus Coupon Writedown Rates determined for each 
day during the period commencing as the previous Bonus Coupon Payment Date (or if none, the Issue 
Date) and concluding on the Bonus Coupon Determination Date, 
subject to a minimum of zero.  
The "Outstanding Notional Balance" of an obligation will be calculated as follows:  
(a) 
first, by determining, in respect of the obligation, the amount of the Reference Entity's principal 
payment obligations and, where applicable in accordance with 5.8 (Accrued Interest), the Reference 
Entity's accrued but unpaid interest payment obligations (which, in the case of a Guarantee will be the 
lower of (A) the Outstanding Notional Balance (including accrued but unpaid interest, where 
applicable) of the Underlying Obligation (determined as if references to the Reference Entity were 
references to the Underlying Obligor) and (B) the amount of the Fixed Cap, if any);  
(b) 
second, by subtracting all or any portion of such amount which, pursuant to the terms of the obligation, 
(A) is subject to any Prohibited Action, or (B) may otherwise be reduced as a result of the effluxion of 
time or the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event or circumstance (other than by way of (I) payment 
or (II) a Permitted Contingency) (the amount determined in paragraph (a) less any amounts subtracted 
in accordance with this paragraph (b), the "Non-Contingent Amount"); and  
(c) 
third, by determining the Quantum of the Claim, which shall then constitute the Outstanding Notional 
Balance,  
in each case, determined:  
(i) 
unless otherwise specified, in accordance with the terms of the obligation in effect on the 
Valuation Date; and  
(ii) 
with respect to the Quantum of the Claim only, in accordance with any applicable laws (insofar 
as such laws reduce or discount the size of the claim to reflect the original issue price or 
accrued value of the obligation).  
"Outstanding Notional Amount" means, in respect of any Credit Linked Note, such Credit Linked Note's pro 
rata share of the initial aggregate Notional Amount less such Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of all 
Reference Entity Notional Amounts of Reference Entities in respect of which an Event Determination Date 
has occurred (or, in the case of a Tranched CLN, such Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of the initial 
aggregate Notional Amount less such Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of all Writedown Amounts

--- Page 228 ---
Payout Conditions for Credit Linked Notes 
 
224 
 
determined on or prior to the relevant date of determination) subject, in each case, to a minimum of zero and 
as adjusted by the Calculation Agent to take account of any repurchase or cancellation of Credit Linked Notes 
and the issuance of any further Credit Linked Notes.  
"Package Observable Bond" means, in respect of a Reference Entity which is a Sovereign, any obligation (a) 
which is identified as such and published by ISDA on its website at www.isda.org from time to time (or any 
successor website thereto) or by a third party designated by ISDA on its website from time to time and (b) 
which fell within the definition of Deliverable Obligation set out in paragraph (a) or (b) of the definition of 
"Deliverable Obligation", in each case, immediately preceding the date on which the relevant Asset Package 
Credit Event was legally effective.  
"Payment" means any obligation (whether present or future, contingent or otherwise) for the payment or 
repayment of money, including, without limitation, Borrowed Money.  
"Payment Requirement" means the amount specified as such in the Issue Terms or its equivalent in the 
relevant Obligation Currency (or, if no such amount is specified in the Issue Terms, U.S.$ 1,000,000 or its 
equivalent as calculated by the Calculation Agent in the relevant Obligation Currency), in either case, as of the 
occurrence of the relevant Failure to Pay or Potential Failure to Pay, as applicable.  
"Permitted Contingency" means, with respect to an obligation, any reduction to the Reference Entity's 
payment obligations:  
(a) 
as a result of the application of:  
(i) 
any provisions allowing a transfer, pursuant to which another party may assume all of the 
payment obligations of the Reference Entity;  
(ii) 
provisions implementing the Subordination of the obligation;  
(iii) 
provisions allowing for a Permitted Transfer in the case of a Qualifying Guarantee (or 
provisions allowing for the release of the Reference Entity from its payment obligations in the 
case of any other Guarantee);  
(iv) 
any Solvency Capital Provisions, if "Subordinated European Insurance Terms" is specified as 
"applicable" in respect of the Reference Entity; or  
(v) 
provisions which permit the Reference Entity's obligations to be altered, discharged, released 
or suspended in circumstances which would constitute a Governmental Intervention, if 
"Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as "applicable" in respect of the Reference 
Entity; or  
(b) 
which is within the control of the holders of the obligation or a third party acting on their behalf (such 
as an agent or trustee) in exercising their rights under or in respect of such obligation.  
"Permitted Transfer" means, with respect to a Qualifying Guarantee, a transfer to and the assumption by any 
single transferee of such Qualifying Guarantee (including by way of cancellation and execution of a new 
guarantee) on the same or substantially the same terms, in circumstances where there is also a transfer of all 
(or substantially all) of the assets of the Reference Entity to the same single transferee.  
"Post Dismissal Additional Period" means the period from and including the date of the DC Credit Event 
Question Dismissal to and including the date that is 15 Business Days thereafter (provided that the relevant 
Credit Event Resolution Request Date occurred on or prior to the end of the last day of the Notice Delivery 
Period (including prior to the Trade Date or, as applicable, the Issue Date)).  
"Potential Cash Settlement Event" means an event beyond the control of the Issuer (including, without 
limitation, failure of the relevant clearance system; or the failure to obtain any requisite consent with respect 
to the delivery of Loans or the non-receipt of any such requisite consents or any relevant participation (in the 
case of Direct Loan Participation) is not effected; or due to any law, regulation or court order, but excluding

--- Page 229 ---
Payout Conditions for Credit Linked Notes 
 
225 
 
market conditions, or any contractual, statutory and/or regulatory restriction relating to the relevant Deliverable 
Obligation, or due to the failure of the Securityholder to give the Issuer details of accounts for settlement; or a 
failure of the Securityholder to open or procure the opening of such accounts or if the Securityholders are 
unable to accept delivery of the portfolio of Deliverable Obligations for any other reason).  
"Potential Failure to Pay" means the failure by the Reference Entity to make, when and where due, any 
payments in an aggregate amount of not less than the Payment Requirement under one or more Obligations in 
accordance with the terms of such Obligations at the time of such failure, without regard to any grace period 
or any conditions precedent to the commencement of any grace period applicable to such Obligations.  
"Potential Repudiation/Moratorium" means the occurrence of an event described in subparagraph (a) of the 
definition of "Repudiation/Moratorium".  
"Prior Deliverable Obligation" means:  
(a) 
if a Governmental Intervention has occurred (whether or not such event is specified as the applicable 
Credit Event in the Credit Event Notice or the DC Credit Event Announcement), any obligation of the 
Reference Entity which (i) existed immediately prior to such Governmental Intervention, (ii) was the 
subject of such Governmental Intervention and (iii) fell within the definition of Deliverable Obligation 
set out in paragraph (a) or (b) of the definition of "Deliverable Obligation", in each case, immediately 
preceding the date on which such Governmental Intervention was legally effective; or  
(b) 
if a Restructuring which does not constitute a Governmental Intervention has occurred in respect of 
the Reference Obligation (whether or not such event is specified as the applicable Credit Event in the 
Credit Event Notice or the DC Credit Event Announcement), such Reference Obligation, if any.  
"Prior Reference Obligation" means, in circumstances where there is no Reference Obligation applicable to 
a Reference Entity, (I) the Reference Obligation most recently applicable thereto, if any, and otherwise, (II) 
the obligation specified in the related Issue Terms as the Reference Obligation, if any, if such Reference 
Obligation was redeemed on or prior to the Trade Date and otherwise, (III) any unsubordinated Borrowed 
Money obligation of the Reference Entity.  
"Private-side Loan" means a Loan in respect of which the documentation governing its terms is not publicly 
available or capable of being made public without violating a law, agreement, understanding or other restriction 
regarding the confidentiality of such information.  
"Prohibited Action" means any counterclaim, defence (other than a counterclaim or defence based on the 
factors set forth in paragraphs (a) to (d) of the definition of "Credit Event") or right of set- off by or of the 
Reference Entity or any applicable Underlying Obligor.  
"Public Source" means each source of Publicly Available Information specified as such in the related Issue 
Terms (or, if no such source is specified, each of Bloomberg, Reuters, Dow Jones Newswires, The Wall Street 
Journal, The New York Times, Nihon Keizai Shimbun, Asahi Shimbun, Yomiuri Shimbun, Financial Times, 
La Tribune, Les Echos, The Australian Financial Review and Debtwire (and successor publications), the main 
source(s) of business news in the country in which the Reference Entity is organised and any other 
internationally recognised published or electronically displayed news sources).  
"Publicly Available Information" means information that reasonably confirms any of the facts relevant to 
the determination that the Credit Event described in a Credit Event Notice has occurred and which:  
(a) 
has been published in or on not less than the number of Public Sources specified in respect of the 
Reference Entity (or, if no such number is specified, two) (regardless of whether the reader or user 
thereof pays a fee to obtain such information);  
(b) 
is information received from or published by (A) the Reference Entity (or, if the Reference Entity is a 
Sovereign, any agency, instrumentality, ministry, department or other authority thereof acting in a 
governmental capacity (including, without limiting the foregoing, the central bank) of such Sovereign),

--- Page 230 ---
Payout Conditions for Credit Linked Notes 
 
226 
 
or (B) a trustee, fiscal agent, administrative agent, clearing agent, paying agent, facility agent or agent 
bank for an Obligation; or  
(c) 
is information contained in any order, decree, notice, petition or filing, however described, of or filed 
with a court, tribunal, exchange, regulatory authority or similar administrative, regulatory or judicial 
body,  
provided that where any information of the type described in paragraphs (b) or (c) above is not publicly 
available, it can only constitute Publicly Available Information if it can be made public without violating any 
law, agreement, understanding or other restriction regarding the confidentiality of such information.  
In relation to any information of the type described in (b) or (c) above, the Calculation Agent, the Issuer and/or 
any other party receiving such information may assume that such information has been disclosed to it without 
violating any law, agreement, understanding or other restriction regarding the confidentiality of such 
information and that the party delivering such information has not taken any action or entered into any 
agreement or understanding with the Reference Entity or any Affiliate of the Reference Entity that would be 
breached by, or would prevent, the disclosure of such information to the party receiving such information.  
Without limitation, Publicly Available Information need not state (i) in relation to the "Downstream Affiliate" 
definition, the percentage of Voting Shares owned by the Reference Entity and (ii) that the relevant occurrence 
(A) has met the Payment Requirement or Default Requirement, (B) is the result of exceeding any applicable 
Grace Period, or (C) has met the subjective criteria specified in certain Credit Events.  
In relation to a Repudiation/Moratorium Credit Event, Publicly Available Information must relate to the events 
described in both sub-paragraphs (a) and (b) of the definition of "Repudiation/Moratorium".  
"Qualifying Guarantee" means a guarantee evidenced by a written instrument (which may include a statute 
or regulation), pursuant to which the Reference Entity irrevocably agrees, undertakes, or is otherwise obliged 
to pay all amounts of principal and interest (except for amounts which are not covered due to the existence of 
a Fixed Cap) due under an Underlying Obligation for which the Underlying Obligor is the obligor, by guarantee 
of payment and not by guarantee of collection (or, in either case, any legal arrangement which is equivalent 
thereto in form under the relevant governing law). A Qualifying Guarantee shall not include any guarantee:  
(a) 
which is structured as a surety bond, financial guarantee insurance policy or letter of credit (or any 
legal arrangement which is equivalent thereto in form); or  
(b) 
pursuant to the terms applicable thereto, the principal payment obligations of the Reference Entity can 
be discharged, released, reduced, assigned or otherwise altered as a result of the occurrence or non-
occurrence of an event or circumstance, in each case, other than:  
(i) 
by payment;  
(ii) 
by way of Permitted Transfer;  
(iii) 
by operation of law;  
(iv) 
due to the existence of a Fixed Cap; or  
(v) 
due to:  
(A) 
provisions permitting or anticipating a Governmental Intervention, if "Financial 
Reference Entity Terms" is specified as "applicable" in respect of the Reference 
Entity; or  
(B) 
any Solvency Capital Provisions, if "Subordinated European Insurance Terms" is 
specified as "applicable" in respect of the Reference Entity.

--- Page 231 ---
Payout Conditions for Credit Linked Notes 
 
227 
 
If the guarantee or Underlying Obligation contains provisions relating to the discharge, release, reduction, 
assignment or other alteration of the principal payment obligations of the Reference Entity and such provisions 
have ceased to apply or are suspended at the time of the relevant determination, in accordance with the terms 
of such guarantee or Underlying Obligation, due to or following the occurrence of (I) a non- payment in respect 
of the guarantee or the Underlying Obligation, or (II) an event of the type described in the definition of 
"Bankruptcy" in respect of the Reference Entity or the Underlying Obligor, then it shall be deemed for these 
purposes that such cessation or suspension is permanent, notwithstanding the terms of the guarantee or 
Underlying Obligation.  
In order for a guarantee to constitute a Qualifying Guarantee:  
(a) 
the benefit of such guarantee must be capable of being delivered together with the delivery of the 
Underlying Obligation; and  
(b) 
if a guarantee contains a Fixed Cap, all claims to any amounts which are subject to such Fixed Cap 
must be capable of being delivered together with the delivery of such guarantee.  
"Quantum of the Claim" means the lowest amount of the claim which could be validly asserted against the 
Reference Entity in respect of the Non-Contingent Amount if the obligation had become redeemable, been 
accelerated, terminated or had otherwise become due and payable at the time of the relevant determination, 
provided that the Quantum of the Claim cannot exceed the Non-Contingent Amount.  
"Quotation" means, in respect of any Reference Obligation, Deliverable Obligation or Valuation Obligation, 
as the case may be, each Full Quotation and the Weighted Average Quotation obtained and expressed as a 
percentage of its Outstanding Notional Balance, Due and Payable Amount or Outstanding Amount of the 
relevant Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond immediately prior to the Asset Package 
Credit Event, as applicable, with respect to a Valuation Date in the manner that follows:  
The Calculation Agent shall attempt to obtain Full Quotations with respect to each Valuation Date from five 
or more CLN Dealers. If the Calculation Agent is unable to obtain two or more such Full Quotations on the 
same CLN Business Day within three CLN Business Days of a Valuation Date, then on the next following 
CLN Business Day (and, if necessary, on each CLN Business Day thereafter until the tenth CLN Business Day 
following the applicable Valuation Date) the Calculation Agent shall attempt to obtain Full Quotations from 
five or more CLN Dealers and, if two or more Full Quotations are not available, a Weighted Average 
Quotation. If the Calculation Agent is unable to obtain two or more Full Quotations or a Weighted Average 
Quotation on the same CLN Business Day on or prior to the tenth CLN Business Day following the applicable 
Valuation Date the Quotations shall be deemed to be any Full Quotation obtained from a CLN Dealer at the 
Valuation Time on such tenth CLN Business Day, or if no Full Quotation is obtained, the weighted average of 
any firm quotations for the Reference Obligation obtained from CLN Dealers at the Valuation Time on such 
tenth CLN Business Day with respect to the aggregate portion of the Quotation Amount for which such 
quotations were obtained and a quotation shall be deemed to be zero for the balance of the Quotation Amount 
for which firm quotations were not obtained on such day.  
"Quotation Amount" means, with respect to a Reference Obligation or Valuation Obligation, the amount 
specified in relation to a Reference Entity (which may be specified by reference to an amount in a currency or 
by reference to an amount that is representative for a single transaction in the relevant market and at the relevant 
time, such amount to be determined by the Calculation Agent) or, if no amount is so specified, the Reference 
Entity Notional Amount (or, its equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency converted by the Calculation 
Agent in a commercially reasonable manner by reference to exchange rates in effect at the time that the relevant 
Quotation is being obtained). 
"Reference Entity" or "Reference Entities" means the reference entity or reference entities specified in the 
Issue Terms or, where applicable, identified in a Relevant Annex, and any Successor to a Reference Entity 
either:

--- Page 232 ---
Payout Conditions for Credit Linked Notes 
 
228 
 
(a) 
identified by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the definition of "Successor" on or following 
the Trade Date or, where applicable, identified by an Index Sponsor; or  
(b) 
identified pursuant to a DC Resolution in respect of a Successor Resolution Request Date and publicly 
announced by the DC Secretary on or following the Trade Date,  
shall, in each case, with effect from the Succession Date, be the Reference Entity for the Credit Linked Notes, 
as the terms of which may be modified pursuant to Credit Linked Note Payout Condition 6 (Successors).  
"Reference Entity Notional Amount" means in respect of any Reference Entity, the amount in which the 
Issuer has purchased credit protection in respect of such Reference Entity, as set out in the Issue Terms or if 
no such amount is specified:  
(a) 
in the case of Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Nth-to-Default Credit Linked Notes where 
"Multiple Default Triggers" is not applicable, the initial aggregate Notional Amount of the Credit 
Linked Notes;  
(b) 
in the case of Nth-to-Default Credit Linked Notes where "Multiple Default Triggers" is applicable, an 
amount equal to (i) the initial aggregate Notional Amount of the Credit Linked Notes, divided by (ii) 
(M+1-N);  
(c) 
in the case of Basket Credit Linked Notes, if a Reference Entity Weighting is specified or applies in 
respect of such Reference Entity, (i) the product of such Reference Entity Weighting for the relevant 
Reference Entity and the initial aggregate Notional Amount of the Credit Linked Notes, divided by (ii) 
the sum of all Reference Entity Weightings, or, if no Reference Entity Weightings are specified for the 
Reference Entities (i) the initial aggregate Notional Amount of the Credit Linked Notes, divided by 
(ii) the number of Reference Entities; and  
(d) 
in the case of Tranched CLNs, if a Reference Entity Weighting is specified or applies in respect of 
such Reference Entity, (i) the product of the Implicit Portfolio Size and the Reference Entity Weighting 
for the relevant Reference Entity, divided by (ii) the sum of all Reference Entity Weightings or, if no 
Reference Entity Weightings are specified for the Reference Entities, (i) the Implicit Portfolio Size, 
divided by (ii) the number of Reference Entities,  
subject in each case to Credit Linked Notes Payout Conditions 3 (Redemption), 6 (Successors) and 8 
(Restructuring Credit Event) and as adjusted by the Calculation Agent to take account of any repurchase or 
cancellation of Credit Linked Notes or the issuance of any further Credit Linked Notes.  
"Reference Entity Weighting" means, in respect of a Reference Entity, the weighting as specified in the Issue 
Terms for such Reference Entity.  
"Reference Obligation" means the Standard Reference Obligation, if any, unless:  
(a) 
"Standard Reference Obligation" is specified as not applicable in relation to a Reference Entity, in 
which case the Reference Obligation will be the Non-Standard Reference Obligation, if any; or  
(b) 
(i) "Standard Reference Obligation" is specified as "applicable" in relation to a Reference Entity (or 
no election is specified in relation to a Reference Entity), (ii) there is no Standard Reference Obligation 
and (iii) a Non-Standard Reference Obligation is specified in relation to a Reference Entity, in which 
case the Reference Obligation will be (A) the Non-Standard Reference Obligation to but excluding the 
first date of publication of the Standard Reference Obligation and (B) the Standard Reference 
Obligation from such date onwards, provided that the Standard Reference Obligation that is published 
would have been eligible to be selected as a Substitute Reference Obligation.  
If the Standard Reference Obligation is removed from the SRO List, such obligation shall cease to be the 
Reference Obligation (other than for purposes of the "Not Subordinated" Obligation Characteristic or "Not 
Subordinated" Deliverable Obligation Characteristic) and there shall be no Reference Obligation unless and

--- Page 233 ---
Payout Conditions for Credit Linked Notes 
 
229 
 
until such obligation is subsequently replaced on the SRO List, in which case, the new Standard Reference 
Obligation in respect of the Reference Entity shall constitute the Reference Obligation.  
"Reference Obligation Only" means any obligation that is a Reference Obligation and no Obligation 
Characteristics (for purposes of determining Obligations) or, as the case may be, no Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristics (for purposes of determining Deliverable Obligations) shall be applicable where Reference 
Obligation Only applies.  
"Reference Obligation Only Trade" means a Reference Entity in respect of which (i) "Reference Obligation 
Only" is specified as the Obligation Category and the Deliverable Obligation Category and (ii) "Standard 
Reference Obligation" is specified as not applicable. If the event set out in paragraph (a) of the definition of 
"Substitution Event" occurs with respect to the Reference Obligation in a Reference Obligation Only Trade, 
the Issuer shall redeem or cancel, as applicable, all but not some only of the Credit Linked Notes on a date as 
specified by notice to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 12 (Notices) on or after the 
Substitution Event Date, and at an amount (which may be zero) in respect of each Credit Linked Note equal to 
the Early Redemption Amount.  
Notwithstanding the definition of "Substitute Reference Obligation", (i) no Substitute Reference Obligation 
shall be determined in respect of a Reference Obligation Only Trade and (ii) if the events set out in paragraphs 
(b) or (c) of the definition of "Substitution Event" occur with respect to the Reference Obligation in a Reference 
Obligation Only Trade, such Reference Obligation shall continue to be the Reference Obligation.  
"Relevant City Business Day" means, in respect of the relevant Reference Entity, a day on which commercial 
banks are open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
(a) New York (if the relevant Transaction Type is in the Americas) or London (if the relevant Transaction 
Type is in Asia, EMEA, Australia or New Zealand) and (b) New York (if the relevant Transaction Type is in 
the Americas), Hong Kong (if the relevant Transaction Type is in Asia outside Japan), Sydney (if the relevant 
Transaction Type is in Australia or New Zealand), London (if the relevant Transaction Type is in EMEA) or 
Tokyo (if the relevant Transaction Type is in Japan).  
"Relevant Guarantee" means a means a Qualifying Guarantee provided by the Reference Entity in respect of 
an Underlying Obligation of a Downstream Affiliate of the Reference Entity or, if "All Guarantees" is specified 
as "applicable" in respect of the Reference Entity, a Qualifying Guarantee.  
"Relevant Securityholder" means a holder of the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond, 
as the case may be, with an Outstanding Notional Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as applicable, 
immediately prior to the relevant Asset Package Credit Event equal to the Outstanding Amount. 
"Relevant Obligations" means the Obligations of the Reference Entity which fall within the Obligation 
Category "Bond or Loan" and which are outstanding immediately prior to the Succession Date (or, if there is 
a Steps Plan, immediately prior to the legally effective date of the first succession), provided that:  
(a) 
any Bonds or Loans outstanding between the Reference Entity and any of its Affiliates, or held by the 
Reference Entity, shall be excluded;  
(b) 
if there is a Steps Plan, the Calculation Agent shall, for purposes of the determination required to be 
made under the definition of "Successor", make the appropriate adjustments required to take account 
of any Obligations of the Reference Entity which fall within the Obligation Category "Bond or Loan" 
that are issued, incurred, redeemed, repurchased or cancelled from and including the legally effective 
date of the first succession to and including the Succession Date;  
(c) 
if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as "applicable" in respect of the Reference Entity 
and "Senior Transaction" is applicable in respect of the Reference Entity, the related Relevant

--- Page 234 ---
Payout Conditions for Credit Linked Notes 
 
230 
 
Obligations shall only include the Senior Obligations of the Reference Entity which fall within the 
Obligation Category "Bond or Loan"; and  
(d) 
if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as "applicable" in respect of the Reference Entity, 
and "Subordinated Transaction" is applicable in respect of the Reference Entity, the related Relevant 
Obligations shall exclude Senior Obligations and any Further Subordinated Obligations of the 
Reference Entity which fall within the Obligation Category "Bond or Loan", provided that if no such 
Relevant Obligations exist, "Relevant Obligations" shall have the same meaning as it would if the 
"Senior Transaction" were applicable in respect of the Reference Entity.  
"Repudiation/Moratorium" means the occurrence of both of the following events:  
(a) 
an authorised officer of the Reference Entity or a Governmental Authority:  
(i) 
disaffirms, disclaims, repudiates or rejects, in whole or in part, or challenges the validity of, 
one or more Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less than the Default Requirement; or  
(ii) 
declares or imposes a moratorium, standstill, roll-over or deferral, whether de facto or de jure, 
with respect to one or more Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less than the Default 
Requirement; and  
(b) 
a Failure to Pay, determined without regard to the Payment Requirement, or a Restructuring, 
determined without regard to the Default Requirement, with respect to any such Obligation occurs on 
or prior to the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date.  
"Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date" means, if a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium occurs on or 
prior to the Credit Observation Period End Date:  
(a) 
if the Obligations to which such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium relates include Bonds, the date that 
is the later of:  
(i) 
the date that is 60 days after the date of such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium; and  
(ii) 
the first payment date under any such Bond after the date of such Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium (or, if later, the expiration date of any applicable Grace Period in 
respect of such payment date); and  
(b) 
if the Obligations to which such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium relates do not include Bonds, the 
date that is 60 days after the date of such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium.  
"Resolve" means a convened Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee making (a) a specific 
determination through a binding vote that satisfies the applicable voting threshold and (b) where such threshold 
is not met, the specific determination that is deemed to be made by it under applicable Rules, and "Resolved" 
and "Resolves" shall be interpreted accordingly.  
"Restructured Bond or Loan" means an Obligation which is a Bond or Loan and in respect of which the 
relevant Restructuring has occurred.  
"Restructuring" means:  
(a) 
that, with respect to one or more Obligations and in relation to an aggregate amount of not less than 
the Default Requirement, any one or more of the following events occurs in a form that binds all 
holders of such Obligation, is agreed between the Reference Entity or a Governmental Authority and 
a sufficient number of holders of such Obligation to bind all holders of such Obligation or is announced 
(or otherwise decreed) by the Reference Entity or a Governmental Authority in a form that binds all 
holders of such Obligation (including, in each case, in respect of Bonds only, by way of an exchange),

--- Page 235 ---
Payout Conditions for Credit Linked Notes 
 
231 
 
and such event is not expressly provided for under the terms of such Obligation in effect as of the later 
of the Credit Event Backstop Date and the date as of which such Obligation is issued or incurred:  
(i) 
a reduction in the rate or amount of interest payable or the amount of scheduled interest 
accruals (including by way of redenomination);  
(ii) 
a reduction in the amount of principal or premium payable at redemption (including by way 
of redenomination);  
(iii) 
a postponement or other deferral of a date or dates for either (A) the payment or accrual of 
interest, or (B) the payment of principal or premium;  
(iv) 
a change in the ranking in priority of payment of any Obligation, causing the Subordination of 
such Obligation to any other Obligation; or  
(v) 
any change in the currency of any payment of interest, principal or premium to any currency 
other than the lawful currency of Canada, Japan, Switzerland, the United Kingdom and the 
United States of America and the euro and any successor currency to any of the 
aforementioned currencies (which in the case of the euro, shall mean the currency which 
succeeds to and replaces the euro in whole).  
(b) 
Notwithstanding the provisions of (a) above, none of the following shall constitute a Restructuring:  
(i) 
the payment in euros of interest, principal or premium in relation to an Obligation denominated 
in a currency of a Member State of the European Union that adopts or has adopted the single 
currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended by 
the Treaty on European Union;  
(ii) 
the redenomination from euros into another currency, if (A) the redenomination occurs as a 
result of action taken by a Governmental Authority of a Member State of the European Union 
which is of general application in the jurisdiction of such Governmental Authority and (B) a 
freely available market rate of conversion between euros and such other currency existed at 
the time of such redenomination and there is no reduction in the rate or amount of interest, 
principal or premium payable, as determined by reference to such freely available market rate 
of conversion;  
(iii) 
the occurrence of, agreement to or announcement of any of the events described in (a)(i) to (v) 
above due to an administrative adjustment, accounting adjustment or tax adjustment or other 
technical adjustment occurring in the ordinary course of business; and  
(iv) 
the occurrence of, agreement to or announcement of any of the events described in (a)(i) to (v) 
above in circumstances where such event does not directly or indirectly result from a 
deterioration in the creditworthiness or financial condition of the Reference Entity, provided 
that in respect of (a)(v) only, no such deterioration in the creditworthiness or financial 
condition of the Reference Entity is required where the redenomination is from euros into 
another currency and occurs as a result of action taken by a Governmental Authority of a 
Member State of the European Union which is of general application in the jurisdiction of such 
Governmental Authority.  
(c) 
For the purposes of (a) and (b) above and Credit Linked Note Payout Condition 8.5 (Multiple Holder 
Obligations), the term "Obligation" shall be deemed to include Underlying Obligations for which the 
Reference Entity is acting as provider of a Guarantee. In the case of a Guarantee and an Underlying 
Obligation, references to the Reference Entity in (a) above shall be deemed to refer to the Underlying

--- Page 236 ---
Payout Conditions for Credit Linked Notes 
 
232 
 
Obligor and the reference to the Reference Entity in (b) above shall continue to refer to the Reference 
Entity.  
(d) 
If an exchange has occurred, the determination as to whether one of the events described under (a)(i) 
to (v) above has occurred will be based on a comparison of the terms of the Bond immediately prior 
to such exchange and the terms of the resulting obligations immediately following such exchange.  
"Restructuring Date" means, with respect to a Restructured Bond or Loan, the date on which a Restructuring 
is legally effective in accordance with the terms of the documentation governing such Restructuring.  
"Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date" means, with respect to a Deliverable Obligation, the Limitation 
Date occurring on or immediately following the Credit Observation Period End Date. Notwithstanding the 
foregoing, if the final redemption date of the Restructured Bond or Loan with the latest final redemption date 
of any Restructured Bond or Loan occurs prior to the 2.5-year Limitation Date (such Restructured Bond or 
Loan, a "Latest Maturity Restructured Bond or Loan") and the Credit Observation Period End Date occurs 
prior to the final redemption date of such Latest Maturity Restructured Bond or Loan, then the Restructuring 
Maturity Limitation Date will be the final redemption date of such Latest Maturity Restructured Bond or Loan.  
"Rules" means the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees Rules, as published on the website of the 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees at https://www.cdsdeterminationscommittees.org (or any 
successor website thereto) from time to time and as amended from time to time in accordance with the terms 
thereof. 
"Scheduled Redemption Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms which shall 
not be subject to adjustment in accordance with any Business Day Convention unless otherwise specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms.  
"Senior Obligation" means any obligation which is not Subordinated to any unsubordinated Borrowed Money 
obligation of the Reference Entity.  
"Senior Transaction" means a Reference Entity for which (a) the Reference Obligation or Prior Reference 
Obligation, as applicable, is a Senior Obligation, or (b) there is no Reference Obligation or Prior Reference 
Obligation.  
"Seniority Level" means, with respect to an obligation of the Reference Entity, (a) "Senior Level" or 
"Subordinated Level" as specified in respect of the Reference Entity, or (b) if no such seniority level is 
specified in respect of the Reference Entity, "Senior Level" if the Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation 
is a Senior Obligation or "Subordinated Level" if the Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation is a 
Subordinated Obligation, failing which (c) "Senior Level".  
"Settlement Currency" means the currency specified as such in the Issue Terms, or if no currency is so 
specified in the Issue Terms, the Specified Currency.  
"Settlement Method" means the settlement method specified as such in the Issue Terms and if no Settlement 
Method is specified in the Issue Terms, Auction Settlement.  
"Single Name Credit Linked Notes" means any Credit Linked Note specified as such in the Issue Terms.  
"Solvency Capital Provisions" means any terms in an obligation which permit the Reference Entity's payment 
obligations thereunder to be deferred, suspended, cancelled, converted, reduced or otherwise varied and which 
are necessary in order for the obligation to constitute capital resources of a particular tier.  
"Sovereign" means any state, political subdivision or government, or any agency, instrumentality, ministry, 
department or other authority acting in a governmental capacity (including, without limiting the foregoing, the 
central bank) thereof.  
"Sovereign Succession Event" means, with respect to a Reference Entity that is a Sovereign, an annexation, 
unification, secession, partition, dissolution, consolidation, reconstitution or other similar event.

--- Page 237 ---
Payout Conditions for Credit Linked Notes 
 
233 
 
"Specified Currency" means an obligation that is payable in the currency or currencies specified as such in 
respect of the Reference Entity (or, if "Specified Currency" is specified in respect of the Reference Entity and 
no currency is so specified, any Standard Specified Currency), provided that if the euro is a Specified Currency, 
"Specified Currency" shall also include an obligation that was previously payable in the euro, regardless of 
any redenomination thereafter if such redenomination occurred as a result of action taken by a Governmental 
Authority of a Member State of the European Union which is of general application in the jurisdiction of such 
Governmental Authority.  
"SRO List" means the list of Standard Reference Obligations as published by IHS Markit at 
https://www.spglobal.com/en/ from time to time (or any successor website thereto) or by a third party as may 
be designated from time to time.  
"Standard Reference Obligation" means the obligation of the Reference Entity with the relevant Seniority 
Level which is specified from time to time on the SRO List.  
"Standard Specified Currencies" means each of the lawful currencies of Canada, Japan, Switzerland, France, 
Germany, the United Kingdom and the United States of America and the euro and any successor currency to 
any of the aforementioned currencies (which in the case of the euro, shall mean the currency which succeeds 
to and replaces the euro in whole).  
"Steps Plan" means a plan evidenced by Eligible Information contemplating that there will be a series of 
successions to some or all of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity, by one or more entities.  
"Subordinated Obligation" means any obligation which is Subordinated to any unsubordinated Borrowed 
Money obligation of the Reference Entity or which would be so Subordinated if any unsubordinated Borrowed 
Money obligation of the Reference Entity existed.  
"Subordinated Transaction" means a Reference Entity for which the Reference Obligation or Prior Reference 
Obligation, as applicable, is a Subordinated Obligation.  
"Subordination" means, with respect to an obligation (the "Second Obligation") and another obligation of the 
Reference Entity to which such obligation is being compared (the "First Obligation"), a contractual, trust or 
similar arrangement providing that (I) upon the liquidation, dissolution, reorganisation or winding-up of the 
Reference Entity, claims of the holders of the First Obligation are required to be satisfied prior to the claims 
of the holders of the Second Obligation, or (II) the holders of the Second Obligation will not be entitled to 
receive or retain principal payments in respect of their claims against the Reference Entity at any time that the 
Reference Entity is in payment arrears or is otherwise in default under the First Obligation. "Subordinated" 
will be construed accordingly. For purposes of determining whether Subordination exists or whether an 
obligation is Subordinated with respect to another obligation to which it is being compared, (x) the existence 
of preferred creditors arising by operation of law or of collateral, credit support or other credit enhancement 
or security arrangements shall not be taken into account, except that, notwithstanding the foregoing, priorities 
arising by operation of law shall be taken into account where the Reference Entity is a Sovereign and (y) in 
the case of the Reference Obligation or the Prior Reference Obligation, as applicable, the ranking in priority 
of payment shall be determined as of the date as of which it was issued or incurred (or in circumstances where 
the Reference Obligation or a Prior Reference Obligation is the Standard Reference Obligation and "Standard 
Reference Obligation" is applicable, then the priority of payment of the Reference Obligation or the Prior 
Reference Obligation, as applicable, shall be determined as of the date of selection) and, in each case, shall not 
reflect any change to such ranking in priority of payment after such date.  
"Substitute Reference Obligation" means, with respect to a Non-Standard Reference Obligation to which a 
Substitution Event has occurred, the obligation that will replace the Non-Standard Reference Obligation, 
determined by the Calculation Agent as follows:  
(a) 
The Calculation Agent shall identify the Substitute Reference Obligation in accordance with 
paragraphs (c), (d) and (e) below to replace the Non-Standard Reference Obligation; provided that the 
Calculation Agent will not identify an obligation as the Substitute Reference Obligation if, at the time

--- Page 238 ---
Payout Conditions for Credit Linked Notes 
 
234 
 
of the determination, such obligation has already been rejected as the Substitute Reference Obligation 
by the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee and such obligation has not changed 
materially since the date of the relevant DC Resolution.  
(b) 
If any of the events set forth under paragraphs (a) or (c) of the definition of "Substitution Event" have 
occurred with respect to the Non-Standard Reference Obligation, the Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation will cease to be the Reference Obligation (other than for purposes of the "Not 
Subordinated" Obligation Characteristic or "Not Subordinated" Deliverable Obligation Characteristic 
and paragraph (c)(ii) below. If the event set forth in paragraph (b) of the definition of "Substitution 
Event" has occurred with respect to the Non-Standard Reference Obligation and no Substitute 
Reference Obligation is available, the Non-Standard Reference Obligation will continue to be the 
Reference Obligation until the Substitute Reference Obligation is identified or, if earlier, until any of 
the events set forth under paragraphs (a) or (c) of the definition of "Substitution Event" occur with 
respect to such Non-Standard Reference Obligation.  
(c) 
The Substitute Reference Obligation shall be an obligation that on the Substitution Date:  
(i) 
is a Borrowed Money obligation of the Reference Entity (either directly or as provider of a 
guarantee);  
(ii) 
satisfies the Not Subordinated Deliverable Obligation Characteristic as of the date it was 
issued or incurred (without reflecting any change to the priority of payment after such date) 
and on the Substitution Date; and  
(iii) 
 
(A) 
if the Non-Standard Reference Obligation was a Conforming Reference Obligation 
when issued or incurred and immediately prior to the Substitution Event Date:  
(1) 
is a Deliverable Obligation (other than a Loan) determined in accordance with 
paragraph (a) of the definition of "Deliverable Obligation"; or if no such 
obligation is available,  
(2) 
is a Loan (other than a Private-side Loan) which constitutes a Deliverable 
Obligation determined in accordance with paragraph (a) of the definition of 
"Deliverable Obligation";  
(B) 
if the Non-Standard Reference Obligation was a Bond (or any other Borrowed Money 
obligation other than a Loan) which was a Non-Conforming Reference Obligation 
when issued or incurred and/or immediately prior to the Substitution Event Date:  
(1) 
is a Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation (other than a Loan); or 
if no such obligation is available,  
(2) 
is a Deliverable Obligation (other than a Loan) determined in accordance with 
paragraph (a) of the definition of "Deliverable Obligation"; or if no such 
obligation is available,  
(3) 
is a Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation which is a Loan (other 
than a Private-side Loan); or if no such obligation is available,  
(4) 
is a Loan (other than a Private-side Loan) which constitutes a Deliverable 
Obligation determined in accordance with paragraph (a) of the definition of 
"Deliverable Obligation"; or  
(C) 
if the Non-Standard Reference Obligation was a Loan which was a Non-Conforming 
Reference Obligation when incurred and/or immediately prior to the Substitution 
Event Date:

--- Page 239 ---
Payout Conditions for Credit Linked Notes 
 
235 
 
(1) 
is a Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation which is a Loan (other 
than a Private-side Loan); or if no such obligation is available,  
(2) 
is a Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation (other than a Loan); or 
if no such obligation is available,  
(3) 
is a Deliverable Obligation (other than a Loan) determined in accordance with 
paragraph (a) of the definition of "Deliverable Obligation"; or if no such 
obligation is available,  
(4) 
is a Loan (other than a Private-side Loan) which constitutes a Deliverable 
Obligation determined in accordance with paragraph (a) of the definition of 
"Deliverable Obligation".  
(d) 
If more than one potential Substitute Reference Obligation is identified pursuant to the process 
described in paragraph (c), the Substitute Reference Obligation will be the potential Substitute 
Reference Obligation that most closely preserves the economic equivalent of the delivery and payment 
obligations of the Credit Linked Notes, as determined by the Calculation Agent. The Substitute 
Reference Obligation determined by the Calculation Agent shall, without further action, replace the 
Non-Standard Reference Obligation.  
(e) 
If a Substitution Event has occurred with respect to the Non-Standard Reference Obligation and the 
Calculation Agent determines that no Substitute Reference Obligation is available for the Non-
Standard Reference Obligation, then, subject to paragraph (a) and notwithstanding the fact that the 
Non-Standard Reference Obligation may have ceased to be the Reference Obligation in accordance 
with paragraph (b), the Calculation Agent shall continue to attempt to identify the Substitute Reference 
Obligation.  
"Substitute Reference Obligation Resolution Request Date" means, with respect to a notice to the DC 
Secretary requesting that a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee be convened to Resolve a Substitute 
Reference Obligation to the Non-Standard Reference Obligation, the date, as publicly announced by the DC 
Secretary, that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee Resolves to be the date on which 
such notice is effective.  
"Substitution Date" means, with respect to a Substitute Reference Obligation, the date on which the 
Calculation Agent identifies the Substitute Reference Obligation in accordance with the definition of 
"Substitute Reference Obligation".  
"Substitution Event" means, with respect to the Non-Standard Reference Obligation:  
(a) 
the Non-Standard Reference Obligation is redeemed in whole;  
(b) 
the aggregate amounts due under the Non-Standard Reference Obligation have been reduced by 
redemption or otherwise below USD 10,000,000 (or its equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent); or  
(c) 
for any reason, other than due to the existence or occurrence of a Credit Event, the Non-Standard 
Reference Obligation is no longer an obligation of the Reference Entity (either directly or as provider 
of a guarantee).  
For purposes of identification of the Non-Standard Reference Obligation, any change in the Non-Standard 
Reference Obligation's CUSIP or ISIN number or other similar identifier will not, in and of itself, constitute a 
Substitution Event.  
If an event described in paragraphs (a) or (b) of the definition of "Substitution Event" has occurred on or prior 
to the Trade Date, then a Substitution Event shall be deemed to have occurred pursuant to such paragraph (a) 
or (b), as the case may be, on the Trade Date.

--- Page 240 ---
Payout Conditions for Credit Linked Notes 
 
236 
 
"Substitution Event Date" means, with respect to the Reference Obligation, the date of the occurrence of the 
relevant Substitution Event.  
"succeed" for the purposes of the provisions relating to the determination of a Successor and the definitions of 
"Successor" and "Sovereign Succession Event", means, with respect to the Reference Entity and its Relevant 
Obligations, that an entity other than the Reference Entity (i) assumes or becomes liable for such Relevant 
Obligations whether by operation of law or pursuant to any agreement (including, with respect to a Reference 
Entity that is a Sovereign, any protocol, treaty, convention, accord, concord, entente, pact or other agreement), 
or (ii) issues Bonds or incurs Loans (the "Exchange Bonds or Loans") that are exchanged for Relevant 
Obligations, and in either case the Reference Entity is not thereafter a direct obligor or a provider of a Relevant 
Guarantee with respect to such Relevant Obligations or such Exchange Bonds or Loans, as applicable. For 
purposes of the provisions relating to the determination of a Successor and the definitions of "Successor" and 
"Sovereign Succession Event", "succeeded" and "succession" shall be construed accordingly.  
"Succession Date" means the legally effective date of an event in which one or more entities succeed to some 
or all of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity; provided that if at such time, there is a Steps Plan, 
the Succession Date will be the legally effective date of the final succession in respect of such Steps Plan, or 
if earlier (i) the date on which a determination pursuant to the definition of "Successor" would not be affected 
by any further related successions in respect of such Steps Plan, or (ii) the occurrence of an Event 
Determination Date in respect of the Reference Entity or any entity which would constitute a Successor.  
"Successor" means, subject to Credit Linked Note Payout Condition 6.1(c) (Provisions for determining a 
Successor), the entity or entities, if any, determined as follows:  
(a) 
subject to paragraph (g) below, if one entity succeeds, either directly or as a provider of a Relevant 
Guarantee, to seventy-five per cent or more of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity, that 
entity will be the sole Successor in respect of the relevant Reference Entity;  
(b) 
if only one entity succeeds, either directly or as a provider of a Relevant Guarantee, to more than 
twenty-five per cent (but less than seventy-five per cent) of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference 
Entity, and not more than twenty-five per cent of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity 
remain with the Reference Entity, the entity that succeeds to more than twenty-five per cent of the 
Relevant Obligations will be the sole Successor in respect of the relevant Reference Entity; 
(c) 
if more than one entity each succeeds, either directly or as a provider of a Relevant Guarantee, to more 
than twenty-five per cent of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity, and not more than 
twenty-five per cent of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity remain with the Reference 
Entity, the entities that succeed to more than twenty-five per cent of the Relevant Obligations will each 
be a Successor;  
(d) 
if one or more entities each succeeds, either directly or as a provider of a Relevant Guarantee, to more 
than twenty-five per cent of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity, and more than twenty-
five per cent of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity remain with the Reference Entity, 
each such entity and the Reference Entity will each be a Successor;  
(e) 
if one or more entities succeed, either directly or as a provider of a Relevant Guarantee, to a portion of 
the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity, but no entity succeeds to more than twenty-five per 
cent of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity and the Reference Entity continues to exist, 
there will be no Successor and the Reference Entity will not be changed in any way as a result of such 
succession;  
(f) 
if one or more entities succeed, either directly or as a provider of a Relevant Guarantee, to a portion of 
the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity, but no entity succeeds to more than twenty-five per 
cent of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity and the Reference Entity ceases to exist, the 
entity which succeeds to the greatest percentage of Relevant Obligations will be the Successor

--- Page 241 ---
Payout Conditions for Credit Linked Notes 
 
237 
 
(provided that if two or more entities succeed to an equal percentage of Relevant Obligations, each 
such entity will be a Successor); and  
(g) 
in respect of a Reference Entity which is not a Sovereign, if one entity assumes all of the obligations 
(including at least one Relevant Obligation) of the Reference Entity, and at the time of the 
determination either (A) the Reference Entity has ceased to exist, or (B) the Reference Entity is in the 
process of being dissolved (howsoever described) and the Reference Entity has not issued or incurred 
any Borrowed Money obligation at any time since the legally effective date of the assumption, such 
entity (the "Universal Successor") will be the sole Successor for the relevant Reference Entity.  
"Successor Backstop Date" means for purposes of any Successor determination determined by DC 
Resolution, the date that is ninety calendar days prior to the Successor Resolution Request Date otherwise, the 
date that is ninety calendar days prior to the earlier of (i) the date on which the Calculation Agent determines 
a succession (or, in relation to a Reference Entity that is a Sovereign, a Sovereign Succession Event) has 
occurred and (ii) the Successor Resolution Request Date, in circumstances where (A) a Successor Resolution 
Request Date has occurred, (B) the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved not 
to make a Successor determination and (C) the Calculation Agent determines, not more than fifteen CLN 
Business Days after the day on which the DC Secretary publicly announces that the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee has Resolved not to make a Successor determination, a succession (or, in relation 
to a Reference Entity that is a Sovereign, a Sovereign Succession Event) has occurred. The Successor Backstop 
Date shall not be subject to adjustment in accordance with any Business Day Convention.  
"Successor Resolution Request Date" means, with respect to a notice to the DC Secretary requesting that a 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee be convened to Resolve one or more Successors to the 
Reference Entity, the date, as publicly announced by the DC Secretary, that the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee Resolves to be the date on which such notice is effective.  
"Surviving Reference Entity" has the meaning given to such term in Credit Linked Note Payout Condition 
6.3(b) (Nth-to-Default) above.  
"T2" means the real time gross settlement system operated by the Eurosystem or any successor or replacement 
for that system.  
"T2 Settlement Day" means any day on which T2 is open.  
"Trade Date" means the date specified as such in the Issue Terms.  
"Transaction Type" means each "Transaction Type" specified as such in the Issue Terms from time to time.  
"Transferable" means an obligation that is transferable to institutional investors without any contractual, 
statutory or regulatory restriction, provided that none of the following shall be considered contractual, statutory 
or regulatory restrictions:  
(a) 
contractual, statutory or regulatory restrictions that provide for eligibility for resale pursuant to Rule 
144A or Regulation S promulgated under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 
"Securities Act") (and any contractual, statutory or regulatory restrictions promulgated under the laws 
of any jurisdiction having a similar effect in relation to the eligibility for resale of an obligation);  
(b) 
restrictions on permitted investments such as statutory or regulatory investment restrictions on 
insurance companies and pension funds; or  
(c) 
restrictions in respect of blocked periods on or around payment dates or voting periods.  
"Underlying Obligation" means, with respect to a guarantee, the obligation which is the subject of the 
guarantee.  
"Underlying Obligor" means with respect to an Underlying Obligation, the issuer in the case of a Bond, the 
borrower in the case of a Loan, or the principal obligor in the case of any other Underlying Obligation.

--- Page 242 ---
Payout Conditions for Credit Linked Notes 
 
238 
 
"Unsettled Credit Event" means any Event Determination Date in respect of a Reference Entity for which 
the related Final Price Calculation Date has not occurred.  
"Valuation Date" means:  
(a) 
any CLN Business Day falling between the 1st and the 122nd CLN Business Day following the Event 
Determination Date (or, if the Event Determination Date occurs pursuant to sub-paragraph (b) above 
of the definition of "Event Determination Date", the day on which the DC Credit Event Announcement 
occurs, if later), or, following any Auction Cancellation Date or No Auction Announcement Date, such 
later CLN Business Day, (in each case, as selected by the Calculation Agent in its reasonable 
discretion); or  
(b) 
if "Cash Settlement" is applicable after the occurrence of a Fallback Settlement Event, any CLN 
Business Day falling between the 1st and the 122nd CLN Business Day following the Event 
Determination Date, or, following any Auction Cancellation Date or No Auction Announcement Date, 
such later CLN Business Day, (in each case, as selected by the Calculation Agent in its reasonable 
discretion). 
"Valuation Obligation" means, in respect of a Reference Entity, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in 
these Payout Conditions for Credit Linked Notes, one or more obligations of such Reference Entity (either 
directly or as provider of a Relevant Guarantee) which is a Deliverable Obligation and/or any Asset in the 
related Asset Package in respect of a Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond, in each case, 
as selected by the Issuer in its sole and absolute discretion on or prior to the applicable Valuation Date.  
For the avoidance of doubt, the use of Deliverable Obligation terms in the definition of "Valuation Obligation" 
is for convenience only and is not intended to amend the selected settlement method.  
"Valuation Obligations Portfolio" means one or more Valuation Obligations of a Reference Entity selected 
by the Calculation Agent in its discretion, each in an Outstanding Amount (or, as the case may be, an 
Outstanding Amount of the relevant Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond immediately 
prior to the Asset Package Credit Event) selected by the Calculation Agent in its in its reasonable discretion 
(and references to "Quotation Amount" shall be construed accordingly), provided that the aggregate of such 
Outstanding Amounts (or in each case the equivalent in the Specified Currency thereof (converted at the 
foreign exchange rate prevailing on any date from (and including) the Event Determination Date to (and 
including) the Valuation Date, as selected by the Calculation Agent in its in its reasonable discretion)), shall 
not exceed the relevant Reference Entity Notional Amount.  
"Valuation Time" means the time specified in relation to a Reference Entity or, if no such time is specified, 
11:00 a.m. in the principal trading market for the relevant Valuation Obligation.  
"Voting Shares" means the shares or other interests that have the power to elect the board of directors or 
similar governing body of an entity.  
"Weighted Average Final Price" means the weighted average of the Final Prices determined for each selected 
Valuation Obligation in the Valuation Obligations Portfolio, weighted by the outstanding amount of each such 
Valuation Obligation (or its equivalent in the Settlement Currency converted by the Calculation Agent, acting 
in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner by reference to exchange rates in effect at the time of 
such determination).  
"Weighted Average Quotation" means, in accordance with the bid quotations provided by the CLN Dealers, 
the weighted average of firm quotations obtained from the CLN Dealers at the Valuation Time, to the extent 
reasonably practicable, each for an amount of the Reference Obligation or Deliverable Obligation, as the case 
may be, with an Outstanding Notional Balance, Due and Payable Amount or Outstanding Amount of the 
relevant Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond immediately prior to the Asset Package 
Credit Event, as applicable (or its equivalent in the relevant currency converted by the Calculation Agent acting 
in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner by reference to exchange rates in effect at the time of 
such determination), of as large a size as available but less than the Quotation Amount (in the case of

--- Page 243 ---
Payout Conditions for Credit Linked Notes 
 
239 
 
Deliverable Obligations only, but of a size at least equal to the Minimum Quotation Amount) that in the 
aggregate are approximately equal to the Quotation Amount.  
"Writedown Amount" means, in respect of an Event Determination Date relating to a Reference Entity, the 
aggregate of the Incurred Loss Amounts (if any) and if "Incurred Recoveries" are specified as "applicable" in 
the Issue Terms, Incurred Recovery Amounts (if any) for the related Final Price Calculation Date and any 
related Aggregate Credit Unwind Costs.  
"Zero Recovery Credit Linked Notes" means any Credit Linked Note with respect to which "Zero Recovery" 
is specified as the Settlement Method in the Issue Terms.  
10.2 
Definitions related to Auction Settlements 
The following definitions apply to Auction Settlements: 
"Auction Cancellation Date" has the meaning set forth in the Transaction Auction Settlement Terms.  
"Auction Covered Transaction" has the meaning set forth in the Transaction Auction Settlement Terms, 
being all credit derivative transactions referencing the Affected Reference Entity which satisfy the criteria set 
forth in the Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms in respect of the relevant Affected Reference Entity, 
including in respect of the provisions in such credit derivative transactions that set forth the criteria for 
establishing what obligations may constitute Deliverable Obligations (or, in the case of a cash settled credit 
derivative transaction, the provisions therein that set forth the criteria for establishing what obligations may be 
valued to determine a final price). 
"Auction Final Price" means the final price determined in a given Auction; specifically: 
(a) 
if the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee determines that an Auction will be held 
in accordance with any Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms in relation to obligations of 
appropriate seniority of the Reference Entity in respect of which the Event Determination Date has 
occurred, the relevant Auction Final Price determined in accordance with such Auction;  
(b) 
if the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee determines that more than one Auction 
will be held in accordance with any Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms in relation to 
obligations of appropriate seniority of the Reference Entity in respect of which the Event 
Determination Date has occurred, the Auction Final Price determined in accordance with the Auction 
applicable to credit derivatives transactions triggered by the credit protection buyer thereunder "Buyer 
Credit Derivatives Transactions" with scheduled termination dates of a range within which the 
Credit Period End Date falls; 
(c) 
if no Auction is held applicable to Buyer Credit Derivatives Transactions with Scheduled Termination 
Dates of a range within which the Scheduled Redemption Date falls, the Auction Final Price 
determined in accordance with the Auction applicable to Buyer Credit Derivatives Transactions with 
scheduled termination dates falling next earliest to the Scheduled Redemption Date; 
(d) 
if no Auction is held applicable to Buyer Credit Derivatives Transactions with scheduled termination 
dates falling next earliest to the Scheduled Redemption Date, the Auction Final Price determined in 
accordance with the Auction applicable to Buyer Credit Derivatives Transactions with scheduled 
termination dates falling next following the Scheduled Redemption Date; or 
(e) 
if no Auction is held applicable to Buyer Credit Derivatives Transactions with scheduled termination 
dates falling next following the Scheduled Redemption Date, the Auction Final Price determined in 
accordance with the Auction applicable to credit derivatives transactions triggered by the credit 
protection seller thereunder. 
"Auction Final Price Determination Date" has the meaning set forth in the Transaction Auction Settlement 
Terms.

--- Page 244 ---
Payout Conditions for Credit Linked Notes 
 
240 
 
"Auction Settlement Amount" means, in relation to any Reference Entity, an amount in the Settlement 
Currency as determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula below:  
Auction Settlement Amount = Max (PPA, Max [0, Min (A, [(A × B) – C])])  
Where:  
"A" means the Reference Entity Notional Amount;  
"B" means the relevant Auction Final Price;  
"C" means the Credit Unwind Costs (unless the Issue Terms specify that Credit Unwind Costs are not 
applicable, in which event "C" means zero); and  
"PPA" means the Principal Protection Level specified in the Issue Terms multiplied by the Reference 
Entity Notional Amount (and if there is no such level, shall be disregarded).  
"Auction Settlement Amount Notice" means a notice given by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent and the 
Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 12 (Notices)on or prior to the date which is 65 Business 
Days following the Final List Publication Date (or, if later, the Movement Option Cut-off Date) specifying:  
(a) 
the Transaction Auction Settlement Terms or Parallel Auction Settlement Terms which the Issuer has 
elected to apply to the Credit Linked Notes (provided that the Issuer may only elect to apply any 
Parallel Auction Settlement Terms (for purposes of which all Deliverable Obligations (as defined in 
respect of the Final List) on the Final List will be Permissible Deliverable Obligations) in the 
circumstances set out in sub-paragraph (b) or (c)(ii) of the definition of "No Auction Announcement 
Date"); and  
(b) 
the Auction Settlement Amount.  
"Auction Settlement Date" means the date that is three Business Days following delivery by the Issuer of the 
Auction Settlement Amount Notice to the Calculation Agent and the Securityholders in accordance with 
General Condition 12 (Notices).  
"Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms" means, in relation to any Reference Entity, the Credit 
Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms published by ISDA, with respect to the relevant Reference Entity, a 
form of which will be published by ISDA on its website at www.isda.org (or any successor website thereto) 
from time to time and as may be amended from time to time.  
"Deliverable Obligation Provisions" in relation to any Reference Entity, has the meaning set forth in the 
Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms.  
"Deliverable Obligation Terms" in relation to any Reference Entity, has the meaning set forth in the relevant 
Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms.  
"Fallback Settlement Event" means:  
(a) 
an Auction Cancellation Date occurs;  
(b) 
a No Auction Announcement Date occurs (and in circumstances where the No Auction Announcement 
Date occurs pursuant to sub-paragraph (b) or (c)(ii) of the definition thereof, the Issuer has not

--- Page 245 ---
Payout Conditions for Credit Linked Notes 
 
241 
 
delivered an Auction Settlement Amount Notice specifying an applicable Parallel Auction Settlement 
Terms on or prior to the Movement Option Cut-off Date);  
(c) 
a DC Credit Event Question Dismissal occurs; or  
(d) 
an Event Determination Date has occurred pursuant to sub-paragraph (a) of the definition of "Event 
Determination Date", and no Credit Event Request Resolution Date has occurred within three Business 
Days of such Event Determination Date.  
"No Auction Announcement Date" means, with respect to any Reference Entity and a Credit Event, the date 
on which the DC Secretary first publicly announces that:  
(a) 
no Transaction Auction Settlement Terms and, if applicable, no Parallel Auction Settlement Terms 
will be published with respect to credit derivative transactions in the over-the-counter market and the 
relevant Credit Event and Reference Entity;  
(b) 
following the occurrence of an M(M)R Restructuring, no Transaction Auction Settlement Terms will 
be published, but Parallel Auction Settlement Terms will be published; or  
(c) 
the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved that no Auction will be held 
with respect to such Reference Entity and Credit Event following a prior public announcement by the 
DC Secretary to the contrary, in circumstances where either:  
(i) 
no Parallel Auction will be held; or 
(ii) 
one or more Parallel Auctions will be held.  
"Parallel Auction" means "Auction" as defined in any relevant Parallel Auction Settlement Terms.  
"Parallel Auction Cancellation Date" means "Auction Cancellation Date" as defined in any relevant 
Parallel Auction Settlement Terms.  
"Parallel Auction Final Price Determination Date" means the "Auction Final Price Determination Date" as 
defined in any relevant Parallel Auction Settlement Terms.  
"Parallel Auction Settlement Terms" means, following the occurrence of an M(M)R Restructuring, any 
Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms published by ISDA with respect to such M(M)R Restructuring, 
and for which the Deliverable Obligation Terms are the same as the Deliverable Obligation Provisions which 
would be applicable to the Notional Credit Derivative Transaction and for which the Notional Credit Derivative 
Transaction would not be an Auction Covered Transaction.  
"Permissible Deliverable Obligations" has the meaning set forth in the relevant Credit Derivatives Auction 
Settlement Terms, being either all or the portion of the Deliverable Obligations included on the Final List 
pursuant to the Deliverable Obligation Terms that are applicable to that Auction.  
"Transaction Auction Settlement Terms" means, in respect of any Reference Entity and a related Credit 
Event, the Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms published by ISDA in respect of such Credit Event 
and in respect of which the Notional Credit Derivative Transaction would be an Auction Covered Transaction.  
10.3 
Definitions related to Tranched CLNs 
The following definitions apply to Tranched CLNs only: 
"Aggregate Incurred Recovery Amount" means, in respect of Tranched CLNs and any date, an amount 
(subject to a minimum of zero) equal to:

--- Page 246 ---
Payout Conditions for Credit Linked Notes 
 
242 
 
(a) 
the aggregate of any Incurred Recovery Amounts calculated with respect to all Reference Entities up 
to and including such date; minus  
(b) 
the sum of all Aggregate Credit Unwind Costs (without double counting). "Aggregate Loss Amount" 
means, in respect of Tranched CLNs and any date, the aggregate of all Loss Amounts calculated with 
respect to all Reference Entities up to and including such date.  
"Aggregate Recovery Amount" means, in respect of Tranched CLNs and any date, the aggregate of all 
Recovery Amounts calculated with respect to all Reference Entities up to and including such date.  
"Attachment Point" means the value specified as such in the Issue Terms.  
"Exhaustion Point" means the value specified as such in the Issue Terms.  
"Implicit Portfolio Size" means an amount equal to the aggregate Notional Amount as at the Issue Date 
divided by the Tranche Size.  
"Incurred Loss Amount" means, with respect to a Reference Entity and a Final Price Calculation Date, an 
amount calculated on such Final Price Calculation Date equal to the lowest of:  
(a) 
the Loss Amount;  
(b) 
the Aggregate Loss Amount (including the related Loss Amount for that Reference Entity and Final 
Price Calculation Date) minus the Loss Threshold Amount on such Final Price Calculation Date 
(following any adjustments thereto on such date), subject to a minimum of zero; and  
(c) 
the aggregate Outstanding Notional Amount of the Credit Linked Notes (prior to any reduction thereto 
in respect of that Reference Entity and Final Price Calculation Date).  
"Incurred Recovery Amount" means, with respect to a Reference Entity and a Final Price Calculation Date, 
an amount calculated on such Final Price Calculation Date equal to the lowest of:  
(a) 
the Recovery Amount;  
(b) 
the Aggregate Recovery Amount (including the related Recovery Amount for that Reference Entity 
and Final Price Calculation Date) minus the Recovery Threshold Amount on such Final Price 
Calculation Date (following any adjustments thereto on such date), subject to a minimum of zero; and  
(c) 
the aggregate Outstanding Notional Amount of the Credit Linked Notes (prior to any reduction thereto 
in respect of that Reference Entity and Final Price Calculation Date).  
"Interest Shortfall Amount" means, in respect of each Credit Linked Note and any Interest Payment Date or 
the Final Settlement Date, an amount equal to the aggregate of the shortfalls in the interest paid in respect of 
such Credit Linked Note on any previous Interest Payment Date as a result of a Deemed Interest Reduction as 
against the interest which would have been payable in respect of such Credit Linked Note on such Interest 
Payment Date on the basis of the actual Writedown Amount (if any) determined on the related Final Price 
Calculation Date or, as the case may be, on the basis of a determination by the Calculation Agent that no Event 
Determination Date has subsequently occurred or could subsequently occur in respect of the relevant Reference 
Entity.  
"Loss Amount" means a Reference Entity and a Final Price Calculation Date, an amount calculated on that 
Final Price Calculation Date equal to:  
(a) 
100 per cent. minus unless the Credit Linked Notes are Zero Recovery Credit Linked Notes, either (i) 
the Auction Final Price or (ii) if Cash Settlement applies, the Weighted Average Final Price (or, if so

--- Page 247 ---
Payout Conditions for Credit Linked Notes 
 
243 
 
specified in the Issue Terms, the Final Price or such other price specified therein) for that Reference 
Entity as of such Final Price Calculation Date; multiplied by  
(b) 
the Reference Entity Notional Amount for that Reference Entity, as at the relevant Event 
Determination Date,  
subject to a minimum of zero.  
"Loss Threshold Amount" means an amount equal to the Implicit Portfolio Size multiplied by the Attachment 
Point.  
"Recovery Amount" means a Reference Entity and a Final Price Calculation Date, an amount calculated on 
that Final Price Calculation Date equal to:  
(a) 
the lesser of 100 per cent. and either (i) the Auction Final Price or (ii) if Cash Settlement applies, the 
Weighted Average Final Price (or, if so specified in the Issue Terms, the Final Price or such other price 
specified therein) for that Reference Entity as of such Final Price Calculation Date (or, in the case of 
Zero Recovery Credit Linked Notes, zero); multiplied by  
(b) 
the Reference Entity Notional Amount for that Reference Entity, as at the relevant Event 
Determination Date,  
subject to a minimum of zero.  
"Recovery Threshold Amount" means an amount equal to (a) the Implicit Portfolio Size multiplied by (b) 
100 per cent. minus the Exhaustion Point.  
"Redemption Preliminary Amount" means, in respect of any Tranched CLN and any relevant date, an 
amount (subject to a minimum of zero) equal to:  
(a) 
the Outstanding Notional Amount of such Credit Linked Note (as reduced at or prior to such time); 
minus  
(b) 
its pro rata share of the Unsettled Retention Amount.  
"Redemption Residual Amount" means, in respect of any Tranched CLN and any relevant date, its remaining 
Outstanding Notional Amount of the Credit Linked Notes (after deduction of the aggregate Redemption 
Preliminary Amounts and as otherwise reduced at or prior to such time).  
"Tranche Size" means the Exhaustion Point minus the Attachment Point.  
"Tranched CLNs" means Credit Linked Notes where the Issuer purchases credit protection from the 
Securityholders in respect of a tranched basket of Reference Entities (other than on an Nth-to-default basis), 
as specified in the Issue Terms.  
"Unsettled Retention Amount" means, in respect of Tranched CLNs in respect of which one or more 
Unsettled Credit Events has occurred, the sum of the maximum aggregate Incurred Loss Amounts and 
maximum aggregate Incurred Recovery Amounts which could be determined (assuming an Auction Final 
Price, Weighted Average Final Price or Final Price of zero in respect of each Unsettled Credit Event).

--- Page 248 ---
Payout Conditions for Credit Linked Notes 
 
244 
 
ANNEX A TO THE PAYOUT CONDITIONS 
FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES  
AUCTION SETTLEMENT  
Capitalised terms used but not defined in this summary have the meaning specified in the Rules and the Form 
of Auction Settlement Terms (as defined below or in Annex B to the Payout Conditions for Credit Linked 
Notes). All times of day in this summary refer to such times in London.  
Publication of Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms  
A Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee may determine that a Credit Event has occurred in respect of 
a Reference Entity (such entity, an "Affected Reference Entity") and that one or more auctions will be held 
in order to settle affected transactions referencing such Affected Reference Entity based upon a specified 
Auction Final Price determined in accordance with an auction procedure (each, an "Auction"). If an Auction 
is to be held, the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee will publish Credit Derivatives Auction 
Settlement Terms in respect of the relevant Affected Reference Entity, based upon the Form of Auction 
Settlement Terms first published as Annex B to the 2009 ISDA Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees 
and Auction Settlement Supplement to the 2003 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions, published by the 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. ("ISDA") on 12 March 2009 (the "Form of Auction 
Settlement Terms"). Securityholders should note that the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees have 
the power to amend the form of Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms for a particular auction and that 
this summary may therefore not be accurate in all cases. The following does not purport to be a complete 
summary and Investors must refer to the Form of Auction Settlement Terms for detailed information regarding 
the auction methodology set forth therein (the "Auction Methodology"). The Auction and the Auction 
Methodology apply to credit default swaps on the Reference Entity and do not apply specifically to the Credit 
Linked Notes. A copy of the Form of Auction Settlement Terms may be inspected at the offices of the Issuer 
and is also currently available at www.isda.org (or any successor website thereto). The Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee will additionally make several related determinations, including the date on which 
the Auction will be held (the "Auction Date"), the institutions that will act as participating bidders in the 
Auction (the "Participating Bidders") and the supplemental terms that are detailed in Schedule 1 to the Form 
of Auction Settlement Terms. The Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee may also amend the Form of 
Auction Settlement Terms for a particular auction and may determine that a public comment period is 
necessary in order to effect such an amendment if such amendment is not contemplated by the Rules.  
Auction Methodology  
Determining the Auction Currency Rate  
On the Auction Currency Fixing Date, the Administrators will determine the rate of conversion (each, an 
"Auction Currency Rate") as between the Relevant Currency and the currency of denomination of each 
Deliverable Obligation (each, a "Relevant Pairing") by reference to a Currency Rate Source or, if such 
Currency Rate Source is unavailable, by seeking mid-market rates of conversion from Participating Bidders 
(determined by each such Participating Bidder in a commercially reasonable manner) for each such Relevant 
Pairing. If rates of conversion are sought from Participating Bidders and more than three such rates are obtained 
by the Administrators, the Auction Currency Rate will be the arithmetic mean of such rates, without regard to 
the rates having the highest and lowest values. If exactly three rates are obtained, the Auction Currency Rate 
will be the rate remaining after disregarding the rates having the highest and lowest values. For this purpose, 
if more than one rate has the same highest or lowest value, then one of such rates shall be disregarded. If fewer 
than three rates are obtained, it will be deemed that the Auction Currency Rate cannot be determined for such 
Relevant Pairing.

--- Page 249 ---
Payout Conditions for Credit Linked Notes 
 
245 
 
Initial Bidding Period  
During the Initial Bidding Period, Participating Bidders will submit to the Administrators: (a) Initial Market 
Bids; (b) Initial Market Offers; (c) Dealer Physical Settlement Requests; and (d) Customer Physical Settlement 
Requests (to the extent received from customers).  
Initial Market Bids and Initial Market Offers are firm quotations, expressed as percentages, to enter into credit 
derivative transactions in respect of the Affected Reference Entity on terms equivalent to the Representative 
Auction-Settled Transaction.  
The Initial Market Bid and Initial Market Offer submitted by each Participating Bidder must differ by no more 
than the designated Maximum Initial Market Bid-Offer Spread and must be an integral multiple of the Relevant 
Pricing Increment (each as determined by the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee and specified in 
the Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms in respect of the relevant Affected Reference Entity). The 
Initial Market Bid must be less than the Initial Market Offer.  
"Dealer Physical Settlement Requests" and "Customer Physical Settlement Requests" are firm 
commitments, submitted by a Participating Bidder, on its own behalf or on behalf of a customer, as applicable, 
to enter into a Representative Auction-Settled Transaction, in each case, as seller (in which case, such 
commitment will be a "Physical Settlement Buy Request") or as buyer (in which case, such commitment will 
be a "Physical Settlement Sell Request"). Each Dealer Physical Settlement Request must be, to the best of 
such Participating Bidder's knowledge and belief, in the same direction as, and not in excess of, its Market 
Position. Each Customer Physical Settlement Request must be, to the best of the relevant customer's knowledge 
and belief (aggregated with all Customer Physical Settlement Requests submitted by such customer), in the 
same direction as, and not in excess of, its Market Position.  
If the Administrators do not receive valid Initial Market Bids and Initial Market Offers from at least a minimum 
number of Participating Bidders (as determined by the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee and 
specified in the Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms in respect of the relevant Affected Reference 
Entity), the timeline will be adjusted and the Initial Bidding Period extended, with the Auction recommencing 
at such time(s) specified by the Administrators, otherwise it will proceed as follows.  
Determination of Open Interest, Initial Market Midpoint and Adjustment Amounts  
The Administrators will calculate the Open Interest, the Initial Market Midpoint and any Adjustment Amounts 
in respect of the Auction.  
The Open Interest is the difference between all Physical Settlement Sell Requests and all Physical Settlement 
Buy Requests.  
To determine the Initial Market Midpoint, the Administrators will: (a) sort the Initial Market Bids in 
descending order and the Initial Market Offers in ascending order, identifying non-tradeable markets for which 
bids are lower than offers; (b) sort non-tradeable markets in terms of tightness of spread between Initial Market 
Bid and Initial Market Offer; and (c) identify that half of the non-tradeable markets with the tightest spreads. 
The Initial Market Midpoint is determined as the arithmetic mean of the Initial Market Bids and Initial Market 
Offers contained in the half of non-tradeable markets with the tightest spreads.  
Any Participating Bidder whose Initial Market Bid or Initial Market Offer forms part of a tradeable market 
will be required to make a payment to ISDA on the third Business Day after the Auction Final Price 
Determination Date (an "Adjustment Amount"), calculated in accordance with the Auction Methodology. 
Any payments of Adjustment Amounts shall be used by ISDA to defray any costs related to any auction that 
ISDA has coordinated, or that ISDA will in the future coordinate, for purposes of settlement of credit derivative 
transactions. 
If for any reason no single Initial Market Midpoint can be determined, the procedure set out above may be 
repeated.

--- Page 250 ---
Payout Conditions for Credit Linked Notes 
 
246 
 
At or prior to the Initial Bidding Information Publication Time on any day on which the Initial Bidding Period 
has successfully concluded, the Administrators publish the Open Interest, the Initial Market Midpoint and the 
details of any Adjustment Amounts in respect of the Auction.  
If the Open Interest is zero, the Auction Final Price will be the Initial Market Midpoint.  
Submission of Limit Order Submissions  
In the event that the Open Interest does not equal zero, a subsequent bidding period will be commenced during 
the Initial Bidding Period which: (a) if the Open Interest is an offer to sell Deliverable Obligations, 
Participating Bidders submit Limit Bids; or (b) if the Open Interest is a bid to purchase Deliverable Obligations, 
Limit Offers, in each case, on behalf of customers and for their own account.  
Matching bids and offers  
If the Open Interest is a bid to purchase Deliverable Obligations, the Administrators will match the Open 
Interest against all Initial Market Offers and Limit Offers, as further described in the Auction Methodology. If 
the Open Interest is an offer to sell Deliverable Obligations, the Administrators will match the Open Interest 
against all Initial Market Bids and Limit Bids, as further described in the Auction Methodology.  
Auction Final Price when the Open Interest is Filled  
The Auction Final Price will be the price associated with the matched Initial Market Bids and Limit Bids or 
Initial Market Offers and Limit Offers, as applicable, that is the highest offer or the lowest bid, as applicable, 
provided that: (a) if the Open Interest is an offer to sell and the price associated with the lowest matched bid 
exceeds the Initial Market Midpoint by more than the "Cap Amount" (being the percentage that is equal to one 
half of the Maximum Initial Market Bid-Offer Spread (rounded to the nearest Relevant Pricing Increment)), 
then the Auction Final Price will be the Initial Market Midpoint plus the Cap Amount; and (b) if the Open 
Interest is a bid to purchase and the Initial Market Midpoint exceeds the price associated with the highest offer 
by more than the Cap Amount, then the Auction Final Price will be the Initial Market Midpoint minus the Cap 
Amount.  
Auction Final Price when the Open Interest is Not Filled 
If, once all the Initial Market Bids and Limit Bids or Initial Market Offers and Limit Offers, as applicable, 
have been matched to the Open Interest, part of the Open Interest remains, the Auction Final Price will be: (a) 
if the Open Interest is a bid to purchase Deliverable Obligations, the greater of (i) zero, and (ii) the highest 
Limit Offer or Initial Market Offer received; or (b) if the Open Interest is an offer to sell Deliverable 
Obligations, zero.  
100 per cent. Cap to Auction Final Price  
In all cases, if the Auction Final Price determined pursuant to the Auction Methodology is greater than 100 
per cent., then the Auction Final Price will be deemed to be 100 per cent.  
Publication of Auction Final Price  
At or prior to the Subsequent Bidding Information Publication Time on any day on which the subsequent 
bidding period has successfully concluded, the Administrators will publish on their websites: (a) the Auction 
Final Price; (b) the names of the Participating Bidders who submitted bids, offers, valid Dealer Physical 
Settlement Requests and valid Customer Physical Settlement Requests, together with the details of all such 
bids and offers submitted by each; and (c) the details and size of all matched trades.

--- Page 251 ---
Payout Conditions for Credit Linked Notes 
 
247 
 
Restructuring  
Following certain Restructuring credit events, more than one auction may be held and there may be more than 
one Auction Final Price and credit default swaps are grouped into buckets by maturity and depending on which 
party triggers the credit default swap. Deliverable Obligations will be identified for each bucket (any 
deliverable obligations included in a shorter bucket will also be deliverable for all longer buckets). If the Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee determines to hold an auction for a particular bucket, then that auction 
will be held according to the existing auction methodology that has previously been used for Bankruptcy and 
Failure to Pay credit events as described in the summary below, except that the deliverable obligations will be 
limited to those falling within the relevant maturity bucket. Alternatively, if so specified in the Issue Terms 
under "Issuer Election of Specific Auction", the Issuer may elect which specific auction shall apply to the 
Credit Linked Notes. 
Execution of Trades Formed in the Auction  
Each Participating Bidder whose Limit Bid or Initial Market Bid (or Limit Offer or Initial Market Offer if 
applicable) is matched against the Open Interest, and each Participating Bidder that submitted a Customer 
Physical Settlement Request or Dealer Physical Settlement Request, is deemed to have entered into a 
Representative Auction-Settled Transaction, and each customer that submitted such a Limit Bid, Limit Offer, 
or Physical Settlement Request is deemed to have entered into a Representative Auction-Settled Transaction 
with the dealer through whom the customer submitted such bid or offer. Accordingly, each such Participating 
Bidder or customer that is a seller of Deliverable Obligations pursuant to a trade formed in the auction must 
deliver to the buyer to whom such Participating Bidder or customer has been matched a notice indicating the 
Deliverable Obligations that it will deliver, and such Deliverable Obligations will be sold to the buyer in 
exchange for payment of the Auction Final Price.  
Timing of Auction Settlement Provisions  
If an Auction is held in respect of an Affected Reference Entity, it is expected that the relevant Auction Date 
will occur on the third Business Day immediately prior to the 30th calendar day after which the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee received the request from an eligible market participant (endorsed by 
a member of the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee) to resolve whether a Credit Event has 
occurred with respect to such Reference Entity.  
In respect of an Affected Reference Entity for which an Auction is held, the Auction Settlement Date will 
occur on a Business Day following the Auction Final Price Determination Date, as determined by the Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee and specified in the Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms in 
respect of the relevant Affected Reference Entity.

--- Page 252 ---
Payout Conditions for Credit Linked Notes 
 
248 
 
ANNEX B TO THE PAYOUT CONDITIONS  
FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES CREDIT  
DERIVATIVES DETERMINATIONS COMMITTEES  
In making certain determinations with respect to the Credit Linked Notes, the Calculation Agent may but is 
not bound to follow or act in accordance with any determination of the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committees. This Annex sets forth a summary of the Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committees Rules, as published by DC Administration Services, Inc. on behalf of ISDA and made available 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Credit 
Derivatives 
Determinations 
Committees 
at 
https://www.cdsdeterminationscommittees.org (or any successor website thereto) as of 9 March 2018 (the 
"Rules") and is subject to the rules as published by ISDA from time to time and as amended from time to time. 
This summary is not intended to be exhaustive and Investors should also read the Rules and reach their own 
views prior to making any investment decisions. A copy of the Rules published by DC Administration 
Services, Inc. on behalf of ISDA is available at: https://www.cdsdeterminationscommittees.org (or any 
successor website thereto).  
Capitalised terms used but not defined in this summary have the meaning specified in the Issue Terms or the 
Rules, as applicable.  
Establishment of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees  
In accordance with the Rules, a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has been formed for each of the 
regions of (a) the Americas, (b) Asia Ex-Japan, (c) Australia-New Zealand, (d) Europe, Middle East and Africa 
and (e) Japan. As of the date hereof, the Calculation Agent (or one of its Affiliates) is a voting member on each 
of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees. See "Risk Factors – Risks Associated with Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committees" for additional information regarding conflicts of interest. The Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committees will act in accordance with the Rules and will make determinations 
that are relevant for Credit Derivative Transactions that incorporate, or are deemed to incorporate, the 2014 
ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions as amended from time to time (the "2014 Definitions"). ISDA will serve 
as the secretary of each Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee and will perform administrative duties 
and make certain determinations as provided for under the Rules.  
Decision-making Process of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees  
Each DC Resolution by a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee will apply to Credit Derivative 
Transactions that incorporate, or are deemed to incorporate, the 2014 Definitions or the Updated 2003 
Definitions (depending on the applicable "Coverage Election" and subsequent determinations of the Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee) and for which the relevant provisions are not materially inconsistent 
with the provisions with respect to which the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee bases its 
determination. As a result, determinations by the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees are not 
applicable to the Securityholders, unless specified otherwise in the terms of the Credit Linked Notes. The 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees shall have no ability to amend the terms of the Credit Linked 
Notes. Furthermore, the institutions on the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees owe no duty to the 
Securityholders. See "Risk Factors - Risks Associated with Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees" 
for further information. The terms of the Credit Linked Notes provide that the Securityholders will be subject 
to certain determinations by the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees. The Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committees will be able to make determinations without action or knowledge by the 
Securityholders.  
A Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee will be convened upon referral of (i) a question to ISDA by 
an identified eligible market participant and the agreement of at least one of the voting members of the relevant 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee to deliberate the question, or (ii) a question to ISDA by an 
unidentified eligible market participant and the agreement of at least two of the voting members of the relevant 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee to deliberate the question, or (iii) a question to ISDA by an

--- Page 253 ---
Payout Conditions for Credit Linked Notes 
 
249 
 
eligible market participant which is an Eligible CCP (being an eligible clearing entity) and such question is 
not designated as a "General Interest Question" and relates to an eligible cleared Reference Entity with respect 
to such Eligible CCP and to certain specified matters such as a Credit Event, Potential Repudiation/Moratorium 
and/or Successor. ISDA will convene the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee for the region to which 
the referred question relates, as determined in accordance with the Rules. Any party to a transaction that 
incorporates, or is deemed to incorporate, the 2014 Definitions or the Updated 2003 Definitions may refer a 
question to ISDA for a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee to consider. Therefore, a binding 
determination may be made with respect to the Credit Linked Notes without any action by the Securityholders. 
Securityholders (in their capacity as holders of the Credit Linked Notes) will not be able to refer questions to 
the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees.  
Once a question is referred to a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee, a DC Resolution may result 
quickly, as a binding vote usually must occur within two business days of the first meeting held with respect 
to such question unless the timeframe is extended by agreement of at least 80% of the voting members 
participating in a vote held in accordance with the Rules. In addition, voting members of the Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committees are required to participate in each binding vote, subject only to limited abstention 
rights. Notices of questions referred to the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees, meetings held to 
deliberate such questions, meeting statements and the results of binding votes will be published on the ISDA 
website and neither the Issuer, the Calculation Agent nor any of their respective Affiliates shall be obliged to 
inform the Securityholders of such information (other than as expressly provided in the Issue Terms). 
Securityholders shall therefore be responsible for obtaining such information. See "Risk Factors – Risks 
Associated with Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees".  
The Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees have the ability to make determinations that may 
materially affect the Securityholders. The Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees will be able to make 
a broad range of determinations in accordance with the Rules that may be relevant to the Credit Linked Notes 
and materially affect the Securityholders. For each of the general types of questions discussed below, the Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committees may determine component questions that arise under the 2014 
Definitions or the Updated 2003 Definitions, or the Rules and that are related to the initial question referred. 
Since the terms governing the Credit Linked elements of the Credit Linked Notes are substantially similar to 
the 2014 Definitions or, as the case may be, the Updated 2003 Definitions, such determinations may affect the 
Securityholders, as further described below.  
Credit Events  
The Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees will be able to determine whether a Credit Event has 
occurred and, if applicable, the date of such Credit Event. Related questions that are also within the scope of 
the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees are whether a Potential Failure to Pay or a Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium has occurred. In addition, the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees will 
also determine, where necessary, whether the required Publicly Available Information has been provided. Each 
of these determinations, other than whether the required Publicly Available Information has been provided, 
requires the agreement of at least 80% of the voting members participating in a binding vote held in accordance 
with the Rules in order to avoid the referral of the question to the external review process, as described further 
below. The determination of whether the required Publicly Available Information has been provided requires 
the agreement of at least a majority of the voting members participating in a binding vote held in accordance 
with the Rules and is not eligible for external review. Each of these determinations may affect whether an 
Event Determination Date will occur under the Credit Linked Notes. If the Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee Resolves that a Credit Event has occurred with respect to one of the Reference Entity(ies) on or 
after the Credit Event Backstop Date, then an Event Determination Date is deemed to have occurred in respect 
of the Credit Linked Notes.

--- Page 254 ---
Payout Conditions for Credit Linked Notes 
 
250 
 
Successors  
The Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees will be able to determine whether there are any Successor 
or Successors to a Reference Entity and the relevant Succession Date. In addition, the Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committees will also determine the identity of the Successor(s) in accordance with the Rules. 
For a Reference Entity that is not a Sovereign, the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees will 
determine the Relevant Obligation(s) of the Reference Entity (including any adjustments required to be made 
if there is a Steps Plan), the proportion of the Relevant Obligation(s) to which each purported Successor 
succeeds and the Succession Date. For a Reference Entity that is a Sovereign, the Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committees will determine the Relevant Obligation(s) of the Reference Entity (including any 
adjustments to be made if there is a Steps Plan), whether a Sovereign Succession Event has occurred, if so the 
proportion of the Relevant Obligation(s) to which each purported Successor succeeds, and the Succession 
Date. Each of these determinations requires the agreement of at least 80% of the voting members participating 
in a binding vote held in accordance with the Rules in order to avoid the referral of the question to the external 
review process, as described further below, except for the actual identification of the Successor(s) for a 
Reference Entity (which only requires a majority and is not eligible for external review). The Calculation 
Agent may use the relevant DC Resolutions of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees in order to 
determine Successor(s) to the Reference Entity(ies).  
Other Questions  
The Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees will be able to determine whether circumstances have 
occurred that require a Substitute Reference Obligation to be identified and, if so, the appropriate Substitute 
Reference Obligation. The Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees may also make determinations in 
relation to (i) Standard Reference Obligations and if applicable replacement Standard Reference Obligations 
in accordance with the Standard Reference Obligation Rules and (ii) whether or not Asset Package is applicable 
pursuant to the 2014 Definitions and if so, any Asset Package relating to a Prior Deliverable Obligation or 
Package Observable Bond, as applicable. In addition, the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees will 
be able to determine whether an entity that acts as seller of protection under one or more transactions (such 
entity, the "Relevant Seller") or a Reference Entity has consolidated or amalgamated with, or merged into, or 
transferred all or substantially all its assets to, the Reference Entity or the Relevant Seller, as applicable, or 
that the Relevant Seller and the Affected Reference Entity have become Affiliates. Each of these 
determinations requires the agreement of at least 80% of the voting members participating in a binding vote 
held in accordance with the Rules in order to avoid the referral of the question to the external review process, 
as described further below. The Calculation Agent may follow such DC Resolutions in making the equivalent 
determinations with respect to the Credit Linked Notes.  
The Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees will be able to determine other referred questions that are 
relevant to the credit derivatives market as a whole and are not merely a matter of bilateral dispute. Such 
questions require the agreement of at least 80% of the voting members participating in a binding vote held in 
accordance with the Rules for each Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee implicated by the relevant 
question, as determined in accordance with the Rules, in order to avoid the possible referral of the question to 
the external review process, as described further below. Furthermore, the question relating to such DC 
Resolution may also be referred to the external review process if at least a majority of the voting members 
participating in a binding vote held in accordance with the Rules agree. Any guidance given by the Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committees with respect to questions of interpretation of the 2014 Definitions or, 
as the case may be, the Updated 2003 Definitions are likely to influence the Calculation Agent in interpreting 
equivalent provisions under the Credit Linked Notes.  
Any such question can be submitted to the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees by an unidentified 
eligible market participant for deliberation. The relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee(s) will 
deliberate such question upon the agreement of at least two of the voting members of the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee to deliberate the question. Once the deliberations on such question 
have commenced, the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee will proceed in accordance with 
the procedures described above with respect to the relevant question category, except that the identity of the

--- Page 255 ---
Payout Conditions for Credit Linked Notes 
 
251 
 
eligible market participant who submitted the question will not be revealed to the members of the Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committees or the general public.  
External Review  
As described immediately above, certain questions deliberated by the Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committees are subject to an external review process if the required threshold is not met during the binding 
vote held with respect to such question. For such questions, if at least 80% of the voting members participating 
in a binding vote held in accordance with the Rules fail to agree, the question will be automatically referred to 
the external review process. Questions that are not eligible for external review often require only a simple 
majority of participating voting members to agree in order to reach a DC Resolution.  
Questions referred to external review will be considered by a panel of three independent individuals who will 
be selected by either the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee or by ISDA at random. The 
default duration of the external review process (which can be modified by the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee in accordance with the Rules) is twelve business days from the referral of the 
question and contemplates the receipt of both written submissions and oral argument. Any member of ISDA 
may provide written submissions to the external reviewers, which will be made available to the public on the 
ISDA website, and the conclusion reached in accordance with the external review process will be binding on 
the Securityholders. In instances where the vote of the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
was less than or equal to 60%, the decision of a majority of the external reviewers will be determinative. 
However, in instances where the vote of the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee was 
between 60% and 80%, all three external reviewers must agree in order to overturn the vote of the Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee.  
Securityholders should be aware that the external reviewers may not consider new information that was not 
available to the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee at or prior to the time of the binding 
vote and questions may be returned to the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee for another vote if 
new information becomes available. In addition, if the external reviewers fail to arrive at a decision for any 
reason, the entire process will be repeated. As a result, the external review process may be elongated in certain 
situations, leaving questions that may materially affect the Securityholders unresolved for a period of time.  
The Composition of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees  
Each Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee is composed of fifteen voting members and three non-
voting consultative members. Ten of the voting members are dealer institutions, with eight serving across all 
regions and two potentially varying by region. The other five voting members are non-dealer institutions that 
serve across all regions. The three non-voting consultative members consist of one dealer institution and one 
non-dealer institution that serve across all regions and one dealer institution that could potentially vary by 
region. For the first composition of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees only, an additional non-
voting dealer institution has been selected to serve across all regions.  
Securityholders will have no role in the composition of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees. 
Separate criteria applies with respect to the selection of dealer and non-dealer institutions to serve on the Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committees and the Securityholders will have no role in establishing such criteria. 
In addition, the composition of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees will change from time to 
time in accordance with the Rules, as the term of an institution may expire or an institution may be required to 
be replaced. The Securityholders will have no control over the process for selecting institutions to participate 
on the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees and, to the extent provided for in the Credit Linked 
Notes, will be subject to the determinations made by such selected institutions in accordance with the Rules.

--- Page 256 ---
Payout Conditions for Credit Linked Notes 
 
252 
 
Ability of the Calculation Agent or its Affiliates to influence the Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committees  
As of the date hereof, the Calculation Agent (or one of its Affiliates) is a voting member on each of the Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committees. In such capacity, it may take certain actions that may influence the 
process and outcome of decisions of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees, including (without 
limitation): (a) agreeing to deliberate a question referred to the DC Secretary, (b) voting on the resolution of 
any question being deliberated by a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee and (c) advocating a certain 
position during the external review process. In addition, as a party to transactions which incorporate, or are 
deemed to incorporate, the 2014 Definitions or the Updated 2003 Definitions, the Calculation Agent may refer 
a question to the DC Secretary for a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee to deliberate. In deciding 
whether to take any such action, the Calculation Agent (or its Affiliate) shall be under no obligation to consider 
the interests of any Securityholder. See "Potential conflicts of interest of the Calculation Agent" below for 
additional information.  
Potential Conflicts of interest of the Calculation Agent  
Since, as of the date hereof, the Calculation Agent (or one of its Affiliates) is a voting member on each of the 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees and is a party to transactions which incorporate, or are deemed 
to incorporate, the 2014 Definitions or the Updated 2003 Definitions, it may take certain actions which may 
influence the process and outcome of decisions of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees. See 
"Ability of the Calculation Agent or its Affiliates to influence the Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committees" above for additional information. Such action may be adverse to the interests of the 
Securityholders and may result in an economic benefit accruing to the Calculation Agent. In taking any action 
relating to the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees or performing any duty under the Rules, the 
Calculation Agent shall have no obligation to consider the interests of the Securityholders and may ignore any 
conflict of interest arising due to its responsibilities under the Credit Linked Notes.  
Securityholders will have no recourse against either the institutions serving on the Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committees or the external reviewers. Institutions serving on the Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committees and the external reviewers, among others, disclaim any duty of care or liability 
arising in connection with the performance of duties or the provision of advice under the Rules, except in the 
case of gross negligence, fraud or wilful misconduct. Furthermore, the institutions on the Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committees do not owe any duty to the Securityholders and the Securityholders will be 
prevented from pursuing claims with respect to actions taken by such institutions under the Rules.  
Securityholders should also be aware that institutions serving on the Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committees have no duty to research or verify the veracity of information on which a specific determination 
is based. In addition, the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees are not obligated to follow previous 
determinations and, therefore, could reach a conflicting determination for a similar set of facts.  
Securityholders shall be responsible for obtaining information relating to deliberations of the Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committees. Notices of questions referred to the Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committees, meetings held to deliberate such questions and the results of binding votes will 
be published on the ISDA website and neither the Issuer, the Calculation Agent nor any of their respective 
Affiliates shall be obliged to inform the Securityholders of such information (other than as expressly provided 
in the Issue Terms). Failure by the Securityholders to be aware of information relating to deliberations of a 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee will have no effect under the Issue Terms and Securityholders 
are solely responsible for obtaining any such information.  
Amendments to the Rules  
The Rules may be amended from time to time without the consent or input of the Securityholders and the 
powers of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees may be expanded or modified as a result.

--- Page 257 ---
Underlying Specific Conditions 
Share Linked Conditions
 
253 
 
UNDERLYING SPECIFIC CONDITIONS 
SHARE LINKED CONDITIONS 
 
The provisions of these Share Linked Conditions shall apply to Share Linked Products and Hybrid Securities 
that include Share Linked Products as a component part, in accordance with the related elections made in the 
Issue Terms, in respect of each Underlying which is a Share. 
1. 
Consequences of Disrupted Days 
1.1 
Single Share and Underlying Valuation Dates 
Where the Securities relate to a single Share (and if the Issue Terms specify that this provision shall apply to 
one or more particular Underlying Valuation Dates, then this condition shall apply to such Underlying 
Valuation Dates only), if the Calculation Agent determines that an Underlying Valuation Date is a Disrupted 
Day, then the Underlying Valuation Date shall be the next following Scheduled Trading Day that is not a 
Disrupted Day, unless the Calculation Agent determines that each of the consecutive Scheduled Trading Days 
equal in number to the Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Underlying 
Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day. In that case: 
(a) 
the last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the relevant Underlying Valuation 
Date, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day; and 
(b) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine its estimate of the relevant level of the Share on that last 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in its reasonable discretion, taking into account the market 
circumstances prevailing on such day. The Issuer and/or Calculation Agent shall publish the 
determined level of the Share in accordance with General Condition 12 (Notices). 
1.2 
Basket of Underlyings and Underlying Valuation Dates - Individual Postponement of Underlying 
Valuation Dates 
Where the Securities relate to a basket of Underlyings and where 'Underlying Valuation Dates – Adjustments 
for Disrupted Days' is specified as 'Individual Adjustment' in respect of the basket of Underlyings in the Issue 
Terms (and if the Issue Terms specify that this provision shall apply to one or more particular Underlying 
Valuation Dates, then this condition shall apply to such Underlying Valuation Dates only), if the Calculation 
Agent determines that an Underlying Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of a Basket Component, 
then the Underlying Valuation Date in respect of the relevant Basket Component shall be the next following 
Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day in respect of the relevant Basket Component, unless the 
Calculation Agent determines that each of the consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal in number to the 
Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Underlying Valuation Date is a Disrupted 
Day in respect of the relevant Basket Component. In that case: 
(a) 
the last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the relevant Underlying Valuation 
Date for the relevant Basket Component, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day; 
and 
(b) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine its estimate of the relevant level of the relevant Basket 
Component on that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in its reasonable discretion, taking into 
account the market circumstances prevailing on such day. The Issuer and/or Calculation Agent shall

--- Page 258 ---
Underlying Specific Conditions 
Share Linked Conditions
 
254 
 
publish the determined level of the relevant Basket Component in accordance with General Condition 
12 (Notices). 
1.3 
Basket of Underlyings and Underlying Valuation–Dates - Common Postponement of Underlying 
Valuation Dates  
Where the Securities relate to a basket of Underlyings and where 'Underlying Valuation Dates – Adjustments 
for Disrupted Days' is specified as 'Common Adjustment' in respect of the basket of Underlyings in the Issue 
Terms (and if the Issue Terms specify that this provision shall apply to one or more particular Underlying 
Valuation Dates, then this condition shall apply to such Underlying Valuation Dates only), if the Calculation 
Agent determines that an Underlying Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of any Basket Component, 
then the Underlying Valuation Date in respect of all Basket Components shall be the next following Scheduled 
Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day in respect of any Basket Component, unless the Calculation Agent 
determines that each of the consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal in number to the Maximum Days of 
Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Underlying Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of 
any Basket Component. In that case: 
(a) 
the last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the relevant Underlying Valuation 
Date for all Basket Components, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day for one or 
more Shares in the basket (each such Share an "Affected Share" in respect of such Underlying 
Valuation Date); 
(b) 
in respect of each Share in the basket that is not an Affected Share, the relevant Level shall be 
determined in accordance with the definition of Level on such last consecutive Scheduled Trading 
Day; and 
(c) 
in respect of each Affected Share, the Calculation Agent shall determine its estimate of the relevant 
level of such Basket Component(s) on that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in its reasonable 
discretion, taking into account the market circumstances prevailing on such day. The Issuer and/or 
Calculation Agent shall publish the determined level of such Affected Share(s) in accordance with 
General Condition 12 (Notices). 
1.4 
Postponement of consequential dates, Substitution Event or Special Circumstance 
A Disrupted Day may delay the determination of the price or return of the relevant Share and consequently the 
calculation of the maturity consideration for the particular Securities or other payment based on the price of 
the relevant Share that may be payable.  
In addition, if prior to the Redemption Valuation Date a Disrupted Day occurs and continues for at least the 
Maximum Days of Disruption consecutive Exchange Business Days/Scheduled Trading Days, then (i) such 
occurrence could constitute a Substitution Event or (ii) the Issuer may, in its sole discretion, acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determine that this circumstance shall constitute a Special 
Circumstance. 
2. 
Adjustments 
2.1 
Consequences of a Potential Adjustment Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Potential Adjustment Event has occurred in relation to a Share, the 
Calculation Agent will determine whether such Potential Adjustment Event has a diluting or concentrative 
effect on the theoretical value of such Share and, if so, the Calculation Agent may (but is not obliged to):  
(a) 
make the corresponding adjustment(s), if appropriate, to the Adjustable Terms as the Calculation 
Agent determines appropriate to account for that diluting or concentrative effect; and  
(b) 
determine the effective date(s) of the adjustment(s). In such case, such adjustments shall be deemed to 
be so made from such date(s). The Calculation Agent may (but need not) perform the appropriate

--- Page 259 ---
Underlying Specific Conditions 
Share Linked Conditions
 
255 
 
adjustment(s) by reference to the adjustment(s) in respect of such Potential Adjustment Event made 
by the Related Exchange(s). 
The Calculation Agent may (but need not) determine any appropriate adjustments by reference to the 
adjustments in respect of such Potential Adjustment Event made by an options exchange to options on the 
relevant Reference Share traded on such options exchange. 
2.2 
Consequences of a Merger Event or Tender Offer  
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Merger Event or Tender Offer has occurred in respect of a Share 
the Calculation Agent may on or after the relevant Merger Date or Tender Offer Date (or such other date as 
the Calculation Agent deems relevant) either 
(a) 
(A) make such adjustment to the Adjustable Terms as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate 
to account for the economic effect on the Securities of such Merger Event or Tender Offer (including 
adjustments to account for changes in volatility, expected dividends, stock loan rate or liquidity 
relevant to the Share), which may, but need not, be determined by reference to the adjustment(s) made 
in respect of such Merger Event or Tender Offer by the Related Exchange(s) to options on the Share 
traded thereon and (B) determine the effective date of that adjustment or  
(b) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustments that it could make under (a) will produce a 
commercially reasonable result, the Calculation Agent may deem the relevant Merger Event or Tender 
Offer to be a Substitution Event subject to the provisions of Share Linked Condition 2.3 (Consequences 
of a Substitution Event)below. 
2.3 
Consequences of a Substitution Event 
Upon the occurrence of a Substitution Event in respect of the relevant Share (the "Deleted Share") as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, the following will apply (the "Substitution Date"): 
(a) 
any adjustments set out in Share Linked Condition 2.1 (Consequences of a Potential Adjustment Event) 
above in respect of such Share will not apply; 
(b) 
the Issuer may (in its entire discretion) direct the Calculation Agent to select a new share or equity 
security of a comparable reporting issuer (the "Replacement Share") as a substitute for such Deleted 
Share; 
(c) 
such Deleted Share will not be considered as a Share for purposes of determining the price or return 
of the Share under the Securities on or after the Substitution Date; 
(d) 
the Replacement Share will be the Share, the issuer of such Replacement Share will be the Share Issuer 
in respect of such Replacement Share, and the primary exchange or market quotation system on which 
such Replacement Share is listed will be the Exchange in respect of such Replacement Share; and 
(e) 
the Calculation Agent will determine the price of such Replacement Share by reasonably taking into 
account all relevant market circumstances, including the price of the Deleted Share and the price or 
estimated value on the Substitution Date of the Deleted Share and the price on the Substitution Date 
of the Replacement Share, and will make adjustments, if any, to any one or more of the formula for 
calculating the price or return of such Replacement Share, or any other component or variable relevant 
to the determination of the price or return of the Replacement Share or the maturity consideration as 
the Calculation Agent determines appropriate to account for the economic effect on the particular 
Securities of the relevant Substitution Event (including adjustments to account for changes in 
volatility, expected dividends or distributions, stock loan rate or liquidity relevant to the applicable 
substitution). 
For greater certainty, the Replacement Share selected may be that continuing entity in respect of a Merger 
Event. The Issuer may alternatively decide, at its sole discretion, acting in good faith and in a commercially

--- Page 260 ---
Underlying Specific Conditions 
Share Linked Conditions
 
256 
 
reasonable manner, not to direct the Calculation Agent to select a Replacement Share as a substitute for a 
Deleted Share, including if the Calculation Agent determines that there are no appropriate comparable 
reporting issuers whose shares or equity securities are listed on a major exchange or market quotation system 
which offer sufficient liquidity in order for the Issuer or its affiliates to place, maintain or modify hedges in 
respect of such shares or equity securities. 
2.4 
Extraordinary Non Replacement Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Substitution Event in respect of the relevant Shares has occurred 
and the Issuer, in its sole discretion, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, has decided 
not to direct the Calculation Agent to select a Replacement Share as a substitute for such Share whether because 
the Issuer has determined that there are no appropriate replacement shares or equity securities which offer 
sufficient comparable attributes including, but not limited to, industry, size, markets and financial position of 
the issuer and currency, liquidity, dividend yield, volatility of such securities and ability for the Issuer or its 
affiliates to place, maintain or modify hedges in respect of such securities or for any other reason (an 
"Extraordinary Non Replacement Event"), then the Issuer may, in its sole discretion, acting in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner, determine that this Extraordinary Non Replacement Event shall 
constitute a Special Circumstance. 
2.5 
Additional Adjustments in respect of a basket of Underlyings 
Where the Securities relate to a basket of Underlyings and if in relation to a Basket Component an adjustment 
(as described in Share Linked Condition 2.1 (Consequences of a Potential Adjustment Event), 2.2 
(Consequences of a Merger Event or Tender Offer), or 2.3 (Consequences of a Substitution Event)) is 
necessary, in addition to the adjustments pursuant to such Share Linked Conditions in relation to each such 
Basket Component (an "Affected Basket Component")): 
(a) 
the Calculation Agent may determine to remove the Affected Basket Component(s) from the basket 
of Underlyings without replacement (and in such case, the Calculation Agent may make such 
amendments to the Adjustable Terms as it reasonably determines are appropriate to take into account 
the removal of the Affected Basket Component(s) and the economic effect thereof on the Securities) 
or the Issuer may determine that this circumstance shall constitute a Special Circumstance pursuant to 
Share Linked Condition 2.4 (Extraordinary Non Replacement Event); or 
(b) 
the Calculation Agent may replace the Affected Basket Component(s) in whole or in part by a new 
Basket Component (which may be a cash amount in the Specified Currency representing the value of 
the Affected Basket Component at the time of such replacement, as calculated by the Calculation 
Agent in its reasonable discretion) (the "Successor Basket Component").  
Upon such replacement, the Successor Basket Component will be deemed to be the Basket Component 
and any reference in the Conditions to the Affected Basket Component, to the extent permitted by the 
context, shall be deemed to refer to the Successor Basket Component. 
2.6 
Notice of Adjustments 
Upon making any such adjustment pursuant to this Share Linked Condition, the Issuer and/or Calculation 
Agent shall give notice to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 12 (Notices), stating the 
relevant adjustment and giving brief details of the relevant event in respect of which such adjustment was 
made, provided that any failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of the relevant event or any 
action taken. 
3. 
Early Redemption in Special Circumstances, Illegality or Disruption Event 
In the event of a Special Circumstance, Illegality, Disruption Event or events that may be deemed or treated 
as a Special Circumstance, the Issuer may redeem the Securities by giving not less than fifteen (15) nor more 
than thirty (30) Business Days' irrevocable notice in accordance with General Condition 12 (Notices), in which 
case the Issuer shall redeem the Securities and cause to be paid to each Securityholder in respect of each

--- Page 261 ---
Underlying Specific Conditions 
Share Linked Conditions
 
257 
 
Security held by it an amount equal to the Early Redemption Amount. The termination shall become valid on 
the day of the notice in accordance with General Condition 12 (Notices). 
4. 
Correction of Prices 
In the event that a Relevant Underlying Price is subsequently corrected and the correction (the "Corrected 
Price") is published by the Exchange on or before the Business Day prior to the next date on which any relevant 
payment or delivery may have to be made by the Issuer or in respect of which any relevant determination in 
respect of the Securities may have to be made, which, in each case, would require the Relevant Underlying 
Price, then the Calculation Agent shall be entitled to determine the amount payable or make any such 
determination in connection with the Securities after taking into account such Corrected Price, and, to the 
extent necessary, the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent may adjust any relevant terms of the Securities to account 
for such Corrected Price. Any such determination or adjustment and the date of its first application shall be 
published in accordance with General Condition 12 (Notices). 
5. 
Definitions 
The following terms and expressions shall have the following meanings in respect of Share Linked Securities, 
Hybrid Securities that include Share Linked Securities as a component part and each Underlying which is a 
Share: 
"Adjustable Terms" means each of the Initial Level, the formula for calculation the return of the relevant 
Share, any other component or variable relevant for the determination of the price or return of the relevant 
Share or the maturity consideration, as specified in the Issue Terms.  
"Basket Component" means each Share composed within a basket of Underlyings. 
"Closing Share Price" means, on any day in respect of a Share, the official closing price of such Share on the 
Exchange as of the Valuation Time on the relevant day, as determined by the Calculation Agent subject as 
provided in the Share Linked Conditions. 
"Delisting" means, in respect of a Share, that the relevant Exchange announces that pursuant to the rules of 
such Exchange, the Share ceases (or will cease) to be listed, traded or publicly quoted on the Exchange for any 
reason (other than a Merger Event or Tender Offer) and is not immediately re-listed, re-traded or re-quoted on 
an exchange or quotation system located in the same country as the Exchange (or, where the Exchange is 
within the European Union, in any Member State of the European Union). 
"Disrupted Day" means, in respect of a Share, any Scheduled Trading Day on which the Exchange or any 
Related Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular trading session or on which a Market Disruption 
Event has occurred. 
"Exchange" means, in respect of a Share, the exchange or the quotation system as specified in the Issue Terms, 
any successor to such exchange or quotation system or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which 
trading in such Share has temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has determined in its 
reasonable discretion that there is comparable liquidity relative to such Share on such temporary substitute 
exchange or quotation system as on the original exchange or quotation system).  
"Exchange Business Day" means, in respect of a Share, any Scheduled Trading Day on which the Exchange 
and each Related Exchange are open for trading during their respective regular trading sessions, 
notwithstanding any such Exchange or Related Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time. 
"Insolvency" means, in respect of a Share, that by reason of the voluntary or involuntary liquidation, winding-
up, dissolution, bankruptcy or insolvency or any analogous proceeding affecting a Share Issuer (a) all the 
Shares of such Share Issuer are required to be transferred to a trustee, liquidator or other similar official or (b) 
holders of the Shares of such Share Issuer become legally prohibited from transferring them.

--- Page 262 ---
Underlying Specific Conditions 
Share Linked Conditions
 
258 
 
"Intraday Price" means, in respect of a Share and any relevant time on any relevant day, the price at which 
such Share trades on the relevant Exchange at such time on such day, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Level" means, in respect of a Share and any relevant day, one of the following as specified in the Issue Terms 
in respect of such Share and such day: 
(i) 
Closing Share Price; 
(ii) 
Opening Share Price;  
(iii) 
Intraday Price; or  
(iv) 
Volume Weighted Average Price.  
"Market Disruption Event" means, in respect of the relevant Shares, any bona fide event, circumstance or 
cause (whether or not reasonably foreseeable) beyond the reasonable control of the Calculation Agent or any 
person that does not deal at arm's length with the Calculation Agent which has or could have a material adverse 
effect on the ability of the Issuer and/or its affiliates generally to place, maintain, substitute, unwind or modify 
hedge positions in respect of the particular Securities and such Share. A Market Disruption Event may include, 
without limitation, any of the following events: 
(i) 
(any suspension of or limitation imposed on trading by the Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise 
and whether by reason of movements in price exceeding limits permitted by the Exchange or Related 
Exchange or otherwise (i) relating to the relevant Shares on the Exchange, or (ii) in futures contracts 
or options contracts or relating to the relevant Shares on any relevant Related Exchange; 
(ii) 
the closure ("Early Closure") on any Exchange Business Day of the Exchange or any Related 
Exchange prior to its scheduled closing time unless such earlier closing time is announced by such 
Exchange or Related Exchange at least one hour prior to the earlier of (i) the actual closing time for 
the regular trading session on such Exchange or Related Exchange on such Exchange Business Day 
and (ii) the submission deadline for orders to be entered into the Exchange or Related Exchange system 
for execution at the close of trading on such Exchange Business Day; 
(iii) 
any event (other than an Early Closure) that disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Calculation 
Agent) the ability of market participants in general (i) to effect transactions in, or obtain market values 
for, the relevant Shares on the Exchange, or (ii) to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, 
futures contracts or options contracts relating to the relevant Shares on any Related Exchange; 
(iv) 
the failure on any Exchange Business Day of the Exchange or any Related Exchange to open for 
trading during its regular trading session; 
(v) 
the adoption, change, enactment, publication, decree or other promulgation of any statute, regulation, 
rule or order of any court or other governmental authority, or issuance of any directive or promulgation 
of, or any change in the interpretation, whether formal or informal, by any court, tribunal, regulatory 
authority or similar administrative or judicial body of any law, order, regulation, decree or notice, 
howsoever described, which would have a material adverse effect on a holder of securities of the Share 
Issuer or in respect of any hedge transaction established in connection with the relevant Shares or make 
it unlawful or impracticable for the Issuer to perform its obligations under the particular Securities or 
for a party generally to place, maintain, substitute, unwind or modify hedges of positions or to realise, 
recover or remit the proceeds of any such hedge in respect of the relevant Shares; 
(vi) 
the taking of any action by any governmental, administrative, legislative or judicial authority or power 
of any country, or any political subdivision thereof, which has a material adverse effect on any 
applicable Exchange or Related Exchange; 
(vii) 
any outbreak or escalation of hostilities or other national or international calamity or crisis (including, 
without limitation, natural calamities) which has or would have a material adverse effect on the ability

--- Page 263 ---
Underlying Specific Conditions 
Share Linked Conditions
 
259 
 
of the Issuer to perform its obligations under the particular Securities or of a party generally to place, 
maintain, substitute, unwind or modify hedges of positions or to realise, recover or remit the proceeds 
of any such hedge with respect to such Shares or a material and adverse effect on the economy or the 
trading of securities generally on any relevant Exchange or Related Exchange; 
(viii) 
an increase in the cost of acquiring, placing, establishing, re-establishing, substituting, maintaining, 
modifying, unwinding or disposing of any hedging transaction in connection with the particular 
Securities or in the cost of realising, recovering or remitting the proceeds of any such hedging 
transaction; or 
(ix) 
in any other event, if the Calculation Agent determines that the event materially affects the ability of 
the Issuer and/or its affiliates to hedge or unwind all or a material portion of a hedge with respect to 
the Security that has been effected or may come into effect. 
For the purposes of determining whether a Market Disruption Event has occurred: (1) a limitation on the hours 
or number of days of trading will not constitute a Market Disruption Event if it results from an announced 
change in the regular business hours of an Exchange or Related Exchange, and (2) a "suspension, absence or 
material limitation of trading" on any Exchange or Related Exchange will not include any time when such 
Exchange or Related Exchange itself is closed for trading under ordinary circumstances. 
"Maximum Days of Disruption" means, unless specified otherwise in the Issue Terms, five Scheduled 
Trading Days.  
"Merger Date" means the closing date of a Merger Event (as determined by the Calculation Agent) or, where 
a closing date cannot be determined under the local law applicable to such Merger Event, such other date as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Merger Event" means, in respect of a Share, any  
(i) 
reclassification or change of such Share that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to 
transfer all of such Shares outstanding to another entity or person,  
(ii) 
consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of the Share Issuer with or into 
another entity or person (other than a consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange 
in which such Share Issuer is the continuing entity and which does not result in a reclassification or 
change of all such Shares outstanding),  
(iii) 
takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other event by any entity or person 
to purchase or otherwise obtain 100 per cent. of the outstanding Shares of the Share Issuer that results 
in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to transfer all such Shares (other than such Shares owned 
or controlled by such other entity or person), or  
(iv) 
consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of the Share Issuer or its affiliates 
with or into another entity in which the Share Issuer is the continuing entity and which does not result 
in a reclassification or change of all such Shares outstanding but results in the outstanding Shares 
(other than Shares owned or controlled by such other entity) immediately prior to such event 
collectively representing less than 50 per cent. of the outstanding Shares immediately following such 
event (a "Reverse Merger"), or 
(v) 
sale of all or substantially all assets of the Share Issuer (or any lease, long term supply agreement or 
other arrangement having the same economic effect as a sale of all or substantially all assets of the 
Share Issuer),  
in each case if the Merger Date is on or before the last Underlying Valuation Date.

--- Page 264 ---
Underlying Specific Conditions 
Share Linked Conditions
 
260 
 
"Nationalisation" means, in respect of a Share, that all the Shares of a Share Issuer or all the assets or 
substantially all the assets of such Share Issuer are nationalised, expropriated or are otherwise required to be 
transferred to any governmental agency, authority, entity or instrumentality thereof. 
"Opening Share Price" means, on any day in respect of a Share, the official opening share price of such Share 
on the Exchange on the relevant day, as determined by the Calculation Agent subject as provided in the Share 
Linked Conditions.  
"Potential Adjustment Event" means any of the following: 
(i) 
a subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of the relevant Shares (unless resulting in a Merger 
Event) or a free distribution or dividend of any such Shares to existing holders by way of bonus, 
capitalisation or similar issue; 
(ii) 
a distribution, issue or dividend to existing holders of the relevant Shares of (i) such Shares or (ii) other 
share capital or securities granting the right to payment of dividends and/or a share in the proceeds of 
liquidation of the Share Issuer equally or proportionately with such payments to holders of such Shares 
or (iii) share capital or other securities of another share issuer acquired or owned (directly or indirectly) 
by the Share Issuer as a result of a spin-off or other similar transaction, or (iv) any other type of 
securities, rights or warrants or other assets, in any case for payment (cash or other consideration) at 
less than the prevailing market price as determined by the Calculation Agent;  
(iii) 
an amount per Share which the Calculation Agent determines should be characterised as an 
extraordinary dividend; 
(iv) 
a call by the Share Issuer in respect of relevant Shares that are not fully paid; 
(v) 
a repurchase by the Share Issuer or any of its affiliates of relevant Shares whether out of profits or 
capital and whether the consideration for such repurchase is cash, securities or otherwise;  
(vi) 
in respect of the Share Issuer, an event that results in any shareholder rights being distributed or 
becoming separated from shares of common stock or other shares of the capital stock of the Share 
Issuer pursuant to a shareholder rights plan or similar arrangement directed against hostile takeovers 
that provides upon the occurrence of certain events for a distribution of preferred stock, warrants, debt 
instruments or stock rights at a price below their market value as determined by the Calculation Agent, 
provided that any adjustment effected as a result of such an event shall be readjusted upon any exercise 
of such rights; or 
(vii) 
any other event that may have, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, a diluting or concentrative 
effect on the theoretical value of the relevant Shares. 
"Related Exchange(s)" means, in respect of a Share, each exchange or quotation system, any successor to 
such exchange or quotation system or any substitute exchange or quotation system where trading has a material 
effect (as determined by the Calculation Agent in its reasonable discretion) on the overall market for futures 
contracts or options contracts relating to such Share. 
"Relevant Underlying Price" means, in respect of a Share, a price for such Share, as determined and published 
by the Exchange, which is relevant for the Securities. 
"Scheduled Closing Time" means, in respect of a Share, and in respect of an Exchange or Related Exchange 
and a Scheduled Trading Day, the scheduled weekday closing time of such Exchange or Related Exchange on 
such Scheduled Trading Day, without regard to after hours or any other trading outside the regular trading 
session hours. 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means, in respect of a Share, any day on which the Exchange and each Related 
Exchange are scheduled to be open for trading for their respective regular trading sessions.

--- Page 265 ---
Underlying Specific Conditions 
Share Linked Conditions
 
261 
 
"Scheduled Underlying Valuation Date" means, in respect of an Underlying Valuation Date, the original 
relevant date that, but for the occurrence of an event causing a Disrupted Day, would have been such 
Underlying Valuation Date. 
"Share" means, subject to adjustment in accordance with the Share Linked Conditions, each share specified 
as such in the Issue Terms and related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
"Share Issuer" means, in respect of a Share, the issuer of such Share. 
"Special Circumstance" has the meaning given to that term in Condition 4.5 (Early Redemption for Special 
Circumstance) of the General Conditions, unless modified in these Underlying Specific Conditions. 
"Substitution Event" means, in respect of the Reference Share, any Nationalisation, Insolvency or Delisting 
in respect of the Reference Share, or any Merger Event or Tender Offer in respect of such Reference Share 
that is deemed by the Calculation Agent to be a Substitution Event, or the occurrence and continuation for at 
least five consecutive applicable Exchange Business Days of a Market Disruption Event (as defined below) in 
respect of the Reference Share. 
"Tender Offer" means, in respect of a Share, a takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, 
proposal or other event by any entity or person that results in such entity or person purchasing or otherwise 
obtaining or having the right to obtain, by conversion or other means, more than 10 per cent. and less than 100 
per cent. of the outstanding voting shares of the Share Issuer, as determined by the Calculation Agent, based 
upon filings made to governmental or self-regulatory agencies or such other information as the Calculation 
Agent deems relevant. 
"Tender Offer Date" means, in respect of a Tender Offer, the date on which voting shares in the amount of 
the applicable percentage threshold (which shall be more than 10 per cent. and less than 100 per cent. of the 
outstanding voting shares of the Share Issuer) are actually purchased or otherwise obtained (as determined by 
the Calculation Agent). 
"Underlying Valuation Date" means each of the following (a) Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, 
(b) Coupon Valuation Date, (c) Redemption Valuation Date, (d) Strike Date and (e) each other relevant date 
on which the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent is required under the Conditions to determine the level of a 
Share, in each case, subject to adjustment in accordance with the Share Linked Conditions. 
"Valuation Time" means, in respect of a Share, the time at which the official closing price of such Share is 
calculated on and published by the Exchange. If the Exchange closes prior to its Scheduled Closing Time and 
the Valuation Time is after the actual closing time for its regular trading session, then the Valuation Time shall 
be such actual closing time. 
"Volume Weighted Average Price" means, on any day in respect of a Share, an amount equal to the volume 
weighted average price for such Share as displayed on the Exchange as of the Valuation Time on the relevant 
day, as determined by the Calculation Agent subject as provided in the Share Linked Conditions.

--- Page 266 ---
Underlying Specific Conditions 
Index Linked Conditions
 
262 
 
INDEX LINKED CONDITIONS 
 
The provisions of these Index Linked Conditions shall apply to Index Linked Products and Hybrid Securities 
that include Index Linked Products as a component part, in accordance with the related elections made in the 
Issue Terms, in respect of each Underlying which is an Index. 
1. 
Consequences of Disrupted Days 
1.1 
Single Index and Underlying Valuation Dates 
Where the Securities relate to a single Index (and if the Issue Terms specify that this provision shall apply to 
one or more particular Underlying Valuation Dates, then this condition shall apply to such Underlying 
Valuation Dates only), if the Calculation Agent determines that an Underlying Valuation Date is a Disrupted 
Day, then the Underlying Valuation Date shall be the next following Scheduled Trading Day that is not a 
Disrupted Day, unless the Calculation Agent determines that each of the consecutive Scheduled Trading Days 
equal in number to the Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Underlying 
Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day. In that case: 
(a) 
the last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the relevant Underlying Valuation 
Date, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day; and 
(b) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine its estimate of the relevant level of the Index on that last 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in its reasonable discretion, taking into account the market 
circumstances prevailing on such day. The Issuer and/or Calculation Agent shall publish the 
determined level of the Index in accordance with General Condition 12 (Notices). 
1.2 
Basket of Underlyings and Underlying Valuation Dates – Individual Postponement of 
Underlying Valuation Dates 
Where the Securities relate to a basket of Underlyings and where 'Underlying Valuation Dates – Adjustments 
for Disrupted Days' is specified as 'Individual Adjustment' in respect of the basket of Underlyings in the Issue 
Terms (and if the Issue Terms specify that this provision shall apply to one or more particular Underlying 
Valuation Dates, then this condition shall apply to such Underlying Valuation Dates only), if the Calculation 
Agent determines that an Underlying Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of a Basket Component, 
then the Underlying Valuation Date in respect of the relevant Basket Component shall be the next following 
Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day in respect of the relevant Basket Component, unless the 
Calculation Agent determines that each of the consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal in number to the 
Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Underlying Valuation Date is a Disrupted 
Day in respect of the relevant Basket Component. In that case: 
(a) 
the last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the relevant Underlying Valuation 
Date for the relevant Basket Component, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day; 
and 
(b) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine its estimate of the relevant level of the relevant Basket 
Component on that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in its reasonable discretion, taking into 
account the market circumstances prevailing on such day. The Issuer and/or Calculation Agent shall 
publish the determined level of the relevant Basket Component in accordance with General Condition 
12 (Notices). 
1.3 
Basket of Underlyings and Underlying Valuation Dates – Common Postponement of Underlying 
Valuation Dates 
Where the Securities relate to a basket of Underlyings and where 'Underlying Valuation Dates – Adjustments 
for Disrupted Days' is specified as 'Common Adjustment' in respect of the basket of Underlyings in the Issue

--- Page 267 ---
Underlying Specific Conditions 
Index Linked Conditions
 
263 
 
Terms (and if the Issue Terms specify that this provision shall apply to one or more particular Underlying 
Valuation Dates, then this condition shall apply to such Underlying Valuation Dates only), if the Calculation 
Agent determines that an Underlying Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of any Basket Component, 
then the Underlying Valuation Date in respect of all Basket Components shall be the next following Scheduled 
Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day in respect of any Basket Component, unless the Calculation Agent 
determines that each of the consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal in number to the Maximum Days of 
Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Underlying Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of 
any Basket Component. In that case: 
(a) 
the last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the relevant Underlying Valuation 
Date for all Basket Components, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day for one or 
more Indices in the basket (each such Index an "Affected Index" in respect of such Underlying 
Valuation Date); 
(b) 
in respect of each Index in the basket that is not an Affected Index, the relevant level shall be 
determined in accordance with the definition of Level on such last consecutive Scheduled Trading 
Day; and 
(c) 
in respect of each Affected Index, the Calculation Agent shall determine its estimate of the relevant 
level of such Basket Component(s) on that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in its reasonable 
discretion, taking into account the market circumstances prevailing on such day. The Issuer and/or 
Calculation Agent shall publish the determined level of such Affected Index(ices) in accordance with 
General Condition 12 (Notices). 
1.4 
Postponement of consequential dates or Special Circumstance 
A Disrupted Day may delay the determination of the price or return of the relevant Index and consequently the 
calculation of the maturity consideration for the particular Securities or other payment based on the price of 
the relevant Index that may be payable.  
In addition, if prior to the Redemption Valuation Date a Disrupted Day occurs and continues for at least the 
Maximum Days of Disruption consecutive Exchange Business Days/Scheduled Trading Days, then the Issuer 
may, in its sole discretion, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determine that this 
circumstance shall constitute Special Circumstance. 
2. 
Successor Index Sponsor, Successor Index and Index Adjustment Events 
2.1 
Successor Index Sponsor and Successor Index 
If an Index is (i) not calculated and announced by the Index Sponsor but is calculated and announced by a 
successor to the Index Sponsor (a "Successor Index Sponsor") acceptable to the Calculation Agent; (ii) 
replaced by a successor index using, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the same or a substantially 
similar formula for, and method of, calculation as used in the calculation of such Index (the "Successor Index") 
will be deemed to be the Index. 
If either of the events described in (a) above have occurred, the Calculation Agent may make such 
adjustment(s) that it determines to be appropriate, if any, to the Adjustable Terms to account for such Successor 
Index.  
2.2 
Index Adjustment Events 
If, in respect of an Index, the Calculation Agent determines that an Index Adjustment Event has occurred, the 
Calculation Agent shall determine if such event has a material effect on the Securities and, if so, the Issuer 
may direct the Calculation Agent to calculate the relevant level of the Index using, in lieu of a published level 
for the Index, the level for the Index as at the relevant date as determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the formula for and method of calculating the Index last in effect prior to that change, failure 
or cancellation, but using only those securities that comprised the Index immediately prior to that event. None

--- Page 268 ---
Underlying Specific Conditions 
Index Linked Conditions
 
264 
 
of the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent or the Paying Agent shall have any responsibility in respect of any error 
or omission or subsequent correction made in the calculation or publication of an index, whether caused by 
negligence or otherwise. 
2.3 
Extraordinary Non Replacement Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Index Adjustment Event in respect of the relevant Index has 
occurred and the Issuer, in its sole discretion, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, 
has decided not to direct the Calculation Agent to determine the level of the Index in accordance with the 
formula for and method of calculating the Index last in effect prior to that event as this will not result in 
comparable attributes including, but not limited to, the ability for the Issuer or its affiliates to place, maintain 
or modify hedges in respect of such securities or for any other reason (an "Extraordinary Non Replacement 
Event"), then the Issuer may, in its sole discretion, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner, determine that this Extraordinary Non Replacement Event shall constitute a Special Circumstance. 
2.4 
Additional Adjustments in respect of a Basket of Underlyings 
Where the Securities relate to a basket of Underlyings, if in relation to a Basket Component an adjustment (as 
described in Index Linked Condition 2.1 (Successor Index Sponsor and Successor Index) or 2.2 (Index 
Adjustment Events)) is necessary, in addition to the adjustments pursuant to such Index Linked Conditions in 
relation to each such Basket Component (an "Affected Basket Component")): 
(a) 
the Calculation Agent may remove the Affected Basket Component(s) from the basket of Underlyings 
without replacement (and in such case, the Calculation Agent may make such amendments to the 
Adjustable Terms as it reasonably determines are appropriate to take into account the removal of the 
Affected Basket Component(s) and the economic effect thereof on the Securities) or the Issuer may 
determine that this circumstance shall constitute a Special Circumstance pursuant to Index Linked 
Condition 2.3 (Extraordinary Non Replacement Event); or 
(b) 
the Calculation Agent may replace the Affected Basket Component(s) in whole or in part by a new 
Basket Component (which may be a cash amount in the Specified Currency representing the value of 
the Affected Basket Component at the time of such replacement as calculated by the Calculation Agent 
in its reasonable discretion) (the "Successor Basket Component").  
2.5 
Notice of Adjustments 
Upon making any such adjustment pursuant to this Index Linked Condition 2, the Issuer and/or Calculation 
Agent shall give notice to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 12 (Notices), stating the 
relevant adjustment and giving brief details of the relevant event in respect of which such adjustment was 
made, provided that any failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of the relevant event or any 
action taken. 
3. 
Early Redemption in Special Circumstances, Illegality or Disruption Event 
In the event of a Special Circumstance, Illegality, Disruption Event or events that may be deemed or treated 
as a Special Circumstance, the Issuer may redeem the Securities by giving not less than fifteen (15) nor more 
than thirty (30) Business Days' irrevocable notice in accordance with General Condition 12 (Notices), in which 
case the Issuer shall redeem the Securities and cause to be paid to each Securityholder in respect of each 
Security held by it an amount equal to the Early Redemption Amount. The termination shall become valid on 
the day of the notice in accordance with General Condition 12 (Notices). 
4. 
Correction of Levels 
In the event that a Relevant Level is subsequently corrected and the correction (the "Corrected Level") is 
published by the Index Sponsor on or before the Business Day prior to the next date on which any relevant 
payment or delivery may have to be made by the Issuer or in respect of which any relevant determination in 
respect of the Securities may have to be made, which, in each case, would require the Relevant Level, then the

--- Page 269 ---
Underlying Specific Conditions 
Index Linked Conditions
 
265 
 
Calculation Agent shall be entitled to determine the amount payable or make any such determination in 
connection with the Securities after taking into account such Corrected Level, and, to the extent necessary, the 
Issuer and/or Calculation Agent may adjust any relevant terms of the Securities to account for such Corrected 
Level. Any such determination or adjustment and the date of its first application shall be published in 
accordance with General Condition 12 (Notices). 
5. 
Definitions 
The following terms and conditions shall have the following meanings in respect of Index Linked Products, 
Hybrid Securities that include Index Linked Products as a component part and each Underlying which is an 
Index: 
"Adjustable Terms" means each of the Initial Level, the formula for calculation the return of the relevant 
Index, any other component or variable relevant for the determination of the price or return of the relevant 
Index or the maturity consideration, as specified in the Issue Terms.  
"Basket Component" means each Index composed within a basket of Underlyings. 
"Closing Index Level" means, on any day in respect of an Index, the official closing level of such Index as of 
the Valuation Time on or in respect of the relevant day as calculated and published by the relevant Index 
Sponsor or as otherwise determined by the Calculation Agent subject as provided in the Index Linked 
Conditions. 
"Disrupted Day" means, in respect of an Index, any Scheduled Trading Day on which (a) the Index Sponsor 
fails to publish the level of the Index, (b) a relevant Exchange or any Related Exchange fails to open for trading 
during its regular trading session or (c) on which a Market Disruption Event has occurred. 
"Exchange" means, in respect of an Index, any exchange or quotation system, any successor to such exchange 
or quotation system or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in the components 
contained in such Index has relocated or temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has 
determined in its reasonable discretion that there is comparable liquidity relative to the components underlying 
such Index on such temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original Exchange). 
"Exchange Business Day" means, in respect of an Index, any Scheduled Trading Day on which the Exchange 
and each Related Exchange are open for trading during their respective regular trading sessions, 
notwithstanding any such Exchange or Related Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time. 
"Exchange Delivery Settlement Price" or "EDSP" means, in respect of an Index and any relevant time on 
any relevant day, the official exchange delivery settlement price of such Index at such time on or in respect of 
such day, as published by the Index Sponsor and as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Index" and "Indices" means, subject to an adjustment in accordance with the Index Linked Conditions, each 
index specified as such in the Issue Terms and related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
"Index Adjustment Event" means each of an Index Cancellation, an Index Disruption or an Index 
Modification. 
"Index Cancellation" means, in respect of an Index, on or before any Underlying Valuation Date the Index 
Sponsor or (if applicable) the Successor Index Sponsor permanently cancels the Index or the Index may no 
longer be used as a consequence of new regulatory provisions and no Successor Index exists. 
"Index Disruption" means, in respect of an Index, on any Underlying Valuation Date the Index Sponsor or 
(if applicable) the Successor Index Sponsor fails to calculate and announce the level of the Index. 
"Index Modification" means, in respect of an Index, on or before any Underlying Valuation Date the Index 
Sponsor or (if applicable) the Successor Index Sponsor announces that it will make a material change in the 
formula for or method of calculating that Index or in any other way materially modifies that Index (other than

--- Page 270 ---
Underlying Specific Conditions 
Index Linked Conditions
 
266 
 
a modification prescribed in that formula or method to maintain that Index in the event of changes in constituent 
securities and capitalisation and other routine events). 
"Index Sponsor" means the entity specified in the relevant Issue Terms, and, if not specified, the corporation 
or other entity that, as determined by the Calculation Agent, (i) is responsible for setting and reviewing the 
rules and procedures and the methods of calculation and adjustments, if any, related to such Index, and (ii) 
announces (directly or through an agent) the level of such Index on a regular basis during each Scheduled 
Trading Day. 
"Intraday Level" means, in respect of an Index and any relevant time on any relevant day, the official level 
of such Index at such time on or in respect of such day, as published by the Index Sponsor and as determined 
by the Calculation Agent. 
"Level" means, in respect of an Index and any relevant day, one of the following as specified in the Issue 
Terms in respect of such Index and such day: 
(a) 
Closing Index Level;  
(b) 
Intraday Level; 
(c) 
Opening Index Level; or 
(d) 
Exchange Delivery Settlement Price. 
"Market Disruption Event" means, in respect of the relevant Index, any bona fide event, circumstance or 
cause (whether or not reasonably foreseeable) beyond the reasonable control of the Calculation Agent or any 
person that does not deal at arm's length with the Calculation Agent which has or could have a material adverse 
effect on the ability of the Issuer and/or its affiliates generally to place, maintain, substitute, unwind or modify 
hedge positions in respect of the particular Securities and such Index. A Market Disruption Event may include, 
without limitation, any of the following events: 
(a) 
a suspension, absence or material limitation of trading in underlying stocks constituting 20% or more, 
by weight, of the Index or any constituent index of that Reference Asset on their respective primary 
markets, in each case for more than two consecutive hours of trading or during the one-half hour before 
the close of trading in that market; 
(b) 
a suspension, absence or material limitation of trading in option or futures contracts, if available, 
relating to the Index or any constituent index of that Index or to underlying stocks constituting 20% or 
more, by weight, of the Index or any constituent index of that Index in the respective primary markets 
for those contracts, in each case for more than two consecutive hours of trading or during the one-half 
hour before the close of trading in that market; 
(c) 
underlying stocks constituting 20% or more, by weight, of the Index or any constituent index of that 
Index, or option or futures contracts, if available, relating to the Index or any constituent index of such 
Index, or to underlying stocks constituting 20% or more, by weight, of the Index or any constituent 
index of that Index do not trade on what were the respective primary markets for those underlying 
stocks or contracts; 
(d) 
the adoption, change, enactment, publication, decree or other promulgation of any statute, regulation, 
rule or order of any court or other governmental authority, or issuance of any directive or promulgation 
of, or any change in the interpretation, whether formal or informal, by any court, tribunal, regulatory 
authority or similar administrative or judicial body of any law, order, regulation, decree or notice, 
howsoever described, which would have a material adverse in respect of any hedge transaction 
established in connection with the relevant Index or make it unlawful or impracticable for the Issuer 
to perform its obligations under the particular Securities or for a party generally to place, maintain, 
substitute, unwind or modify hedges of positions or to realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any 
such hedge in respect of the relevant Index;

--- Page 271 ---
Underlying Specific Conditions 
Index Linked Conditions
 
267 
 
(e) 
the taking of any action by any governmental, administrative, legislative or judicial authority or power 
of any country, or any political subdivision thereof, which has a material adverse effect on any 
applicable Exchange or Related Exchange; 
(f) 
any outbreak or escalation of hostilities or other national or international calamity or crisis (including, 
without limitation, natural calamities) which has or would have a material adverse effect on the ability 
of the Issuer to perform its obligations under the particular Securities or of a party generally to place, 
maintain, substitute, unwind or modify hedges of positions or to realise, recover or remit the proceeds 
of any such hedge with respect to such Index or a material and adverse effect on the economy or the 
trading of securities generally on any relevant Exchange or Related Exchange; 
(g) 
an increase in the cost of acquiring, placing, establishing, re-establishing, substituting, maintaining, 
modifying, unwinding or disposing of any hedging transaction in connection with the particular 
Securities or in the cost of realising, recovering or remitting the proceeds of any such hedging 
transaction; or 
(h) 
in any other event, if the Calculation Agent determines that the event materially affects the ability of 
the Issuer and/or its affiliates to hedge or unwind all or a material portion of a hedge with respect to 
the Security that has been effected or may come into effect. 
For the purposes of determining whether a Market Disruption Event has occurred: (1) a limitation on the hours 
or number of days of trading will not constitute a Market Disruption Event if it results from an announced 
change in the regular business hours of an Exchange or Related Exchange, (2) a decision to permanently 
discontinue trading in the option or futures contracts relating to the applicable Index or any constituent index 
of that Index or to any underlying stock and (3) a "suspension, absence or material limitation of trading" on 
any Exchange or Related Exchange will not include any time when such Exchange or Related Exchange itself 
is closed for trading under ordinary circumstances.  
In contrast, a suspension or limitation of trading in an underlying stock or in option or futures contracts, if 
available, relating to the relevant Index or any constituent index of that Index or to any underlying stock in the 
primary market for that stock or those contracts, by reason of: (1) a price change exceeding limits set by that 
market, (2) an imbalance of orders relating to that underlying stock or those contracts; or (3) a disparity in bid 
and ask quotes relating to that underlying stock or those contracts, will constitute a suspension or material 
limitation of trading in that Reference Asset or those contracts in that market. 
"Maximum Days of Disruption" means, unless specified otherwise in the Issue Terms, five Scheduled 
Trading Days.  
"Opening Index Level" means, on any day in respect of an Index, the official opening level of such Index on 
or in respect of the relevant day as calculated and published by the relevant Index Sponsor or as otherwise 
determined by the Calculation Agent subject as provided in the Index Linked Conditions. 
"Related Exchange(s)" means, in respect of an Index, each exchange or quotation system, any successor to 
such exchange or quotation system or any substitute exchange or quotation system where trading has a material 
effect (as determined by the Calculation Agent in its reasonable discretion) on the overall market for futures 
contracts or options contracts relating to such Index. 
"Relevant Level" means, in respect of an Index, a level for such Index, as determined and published by the 
Index Sponsor, which is relevant for the Securities. 
"Scheduled Closing Time" means, in respect of an Index, an Exchange or Related Exchange and a Scheduled 
Trading Day, the scheduled weekday closing time of such Exchange or Related Exchange on such Scheduled 
Trading Day, without regard to after hours or any other trading outside the regular trading session hours. 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means, in respect of an Index, any day on which the Index Sponsor is scheduled 
to calculate and publish the level of such Index.

--- Page 272 ---
Underlying Specific Conditions 
Index Linked Conditions
 
268 
 
"Scheduled Underlying Valuation Date" means, in respect of an Underlying Valuation Date, the original 
relevant date that, but for the occurrence of an event causing a Disrupted Day, would have been such 
Underlying Valuation Date. 
"Special Circumstance" has the meaning given to that term in General Condition 4.5 (Early Redemption for 
Special Circumstance), unless modified in these Underlying Specific Conditions. 
"Underlying Valuation Date" means each of the following (a) each Automatic Early Redemption Valuation 
Date, (b) Coupon Valuation Date, (c) Redemption Valuation Date, (d) Strike Date and (e) each other relevant 
date on which the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent is required under the Conditions to determine the level of 
an Index, in each case, subject to adjustment in accordance with the Index Linked Conditions. 
"Valuation Time" means the time at which the official closing level of such Index is calculated and published 
by the Index Sponsor (or calculation agent for the Index, as applicable).

--- Page 273 ---
Underlying Specific Conditions 
ETF Linked Conditions
 
269 
 
ETF LINKED CONDITIONS 
 
The provisions of these ETF Linked Conditions shall apply to ETF Linked Products and Hybrid Securities that 
include ETF Linked Products as a component part, in accordance with the related elections made in the Issue 
Terms, in respect of each Underlying which is an ETF Share. 
1. 
Consequences of Disrupted Days 
1.1 
Single Fund and Underlying Valuation Dates 
Where the Securities relate to a single ETF Share (and if the Issue Terms specify that this provision shall apply 
to particular Underlying Valuation Dates, then this condition shall apply to such Underlying Valuation Dates 
only), if the Calculation Agent determines that an Underlying Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day, then the 
Underlying Valuation Date shall be the next following Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day, 
unless the Calculation Agent determines that each of the consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal in number 
to the Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Underlying Valuation Date is a 
Disrupted Day. In that case: 
(a) 
the last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the relevant Underlying Valuation 
Date, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day; and 
(b) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine its estimate of the relevant level of the ETF Share on that last 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in its reasonable discretion, taking into account the market 
circumstances prevailing on such day. The Issuer and/or Calculation Agent shall publish the 
determined level of the ETF Share in accordance with General Condition 12. 
1.2 
Basket of Underlyings and Underlying Valuation Dates – Individual Postponement of 
Underlying Valuation Dates 
Where the Securities relate to a basket of Underlyings and where 'Underlying Valuation Dates – Adjustments 
for Disrupted Days' is specified as 'Individual Adjustment' in respect of the basket of Underlyings in the Issue 
Terms (and if the Issue Terms specify that this provision shall apply to one or more particular Underlying 
Valuation Dates, then this condition shall apply to such Underlying Valuation Dates only), if the Calculation 
Agent determines that an Underlying Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of a Basket Component, 
then the Underlying Valuation Date in respect of the relevant Basket Component shall be the next following 
Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day in respect of the relevant Basket Component, unless the 
Calculation Agent determines that each of the consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal in number to the 
Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Underlying Valuation Date is a Disrupted 
Day in respect of the relevant Basket Component. In that case: 
(a) 
the last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the relevant Underlying Valuation 
Date for the relevant Basket Component, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day; 
and 
(b) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine its estimate of the relevant level of the relevant Basket 
Component on that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in its reasonable discretion, taking into 
account the market circumstances prevailing on such day. The Issuer and/or Calculation Agent shall 
publish the determined level of the relevant Basket Component in accordance with General Condition 
12. 
1.3 
Basket of Underlyings and Underlying Valuation Dates – Common Postponement of the 
Underlying Valuation Dates 
Where the Securities relate to a basket of Underlyings and where 'Underlying Valuation Dates – Adjustments 
for Disrupted Days' is specified as 'Common Adjustment' in respect of the basket of Underlyings in the Issue

--- Page 274 ---
Underlying Specific Conditions 
ETF Linked Conditions
 
270 
 
Terms (and if the Issue Terms specify that this provision shall apply to one or more particular Underlying 
Valuation Dates, then this condition shall apply to such Underlying Valuation Dates only), if the Calculation 
Agent determines that an Underlying Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of any Basket Component, 
then the Underlying Valuation Date in respect of all Basket Components shall be the next following Scheduled 
Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day in respect of any Basket Component, unless the Calculation Agent 
determines that each of the consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal in number to the Maximum Days of 
Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Underlying Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of 
any Basket Component. In that case: 
(a) 
the last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the relevant Underlying Valuation 
Date for all Basket Components, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day for one or 
more ETF Shares in the basket (each such ETF Share an "Affected ETF Share" in respect of such 
Underlying Valuation Date); 
(b) 
in respect of each ETF Share in the basket that is not an Affected ETF Share, the relevant Level shall 
be determined in accordance with the definition of Level on such last consecutive Scheduled Trading 
Day; and 
(c) 
in respect of each Affected ETF Share, the Calculation Agent shall determine its estimate of the 
relevant level of such Basket Component(s) on that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in its 
reasonable discretion, taking into account the market circumstances prevailing on such day. The Issuer 
and/or Calculation Agent shall publish the determined level of such Affected ETF Share(s) in 
accordance with General Condition 12. 
1.4 
Postponement of consequential dates, Fund Reallocation Event or Special Circumstance 
A Disrupted Day may delay the determination of the price or return of the relevant ETF Share and consequently 
the calculation of the maturity consideration for the particular Securities or other payment based on the price 
of the relevant ETF Share that may be payable.  
In addition, if prior to the Redemption Valuation Date a Disrupted Day occurs and continues for at least the 
Maximum Days of Disruption consecutive Exchange Business Days/Scheduled Trading Days, then (i) such 
occurrence could constitute a Fund Reallocation Event or (ii) the Issuer may, in its sole discretion, acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determine that this circumstance shall constitute a Special 
Circumstance. 
2. 
Potential Adjustment Events and Extraordinary Events 
2.1 
Consequences of a Potential Adjustment Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Potential Adjustment Event has occurred or is likely to occur and 
such Potential Adjustment Event Adjustment has a diluting or concentrative effect on the theoretical value of 
an ETF Share or materially and adversely affects the calculation of the NAV, the Calculation Agent may (but 
is not obliged to): 
(a) 
make the corresponding adjustment(s), if appropriate, to the Adjustable Terms as the Calculation 
Agent determines appropriate to account for that diluting or concentrative effect; and 
(b) 
determine the effective date(s) of the adjustment(s). In such case, such adjustments shall be deemed to 
be so made from such date(s).  
The Calculation Agent may, but need not, determine any appropriate adjustments by reference to the 
adjustments in respect of such Potential Adjustment Event made by the Related Exchange(s) to options on the 
ETF-Share traded thereon.

--- Page 275 ---
Underlying Specific Conditions 
ETF Linked Conditions
 
271 
 
2.2 
Consequences of a Merger Event or Tender Offer  
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Merger Event has occurred in respect of the relevant ETF- Share 
the Calculation Agent may on or after the relevant Merger Date (or such other date as the Calculation Agent 
deems relevant) either 
(a) 
(A) make such adjustment to the Adjustable Terms as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate 
to account for the economic effect on the Securities of such Merger Event which may, but need not, 
be determined by reference to the adjustment(s) made in respect of such Merger Event by the Related 
Exchange(s) to options on the ETF-Share traded thereon and (B) determine the effective date of that 
adjustment or  
(b) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustments that it could make under (a) will produce a 
commercially reasonable result, the Calculation Agent may deem the relevant Merger Event to be a 
Fund Reallocation Event subject to the provisions of ETF Linked Condition 2.3 (Consequences of a 
Fund Reallocation Event) below. 
2.3 
Consequences of a Fund Reallocation Event 
Following the occurrence of a Fund Reallocation Event, the Issuer may, in its sole discretion, acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, direct the Calculation Agent to substitute units, shares or other 
securities of another mutual fund or investment fund or, for the relevant Fund seeking to replicate an index, 
the relevant reference index to be replicated, if applicable, for the ETF Shares as provided below. To do this, 
the Calculation Agent will notionally sell or redeem the ETF Shares and reallocate the notional proceeds to: 
(i) as applicable, a notional investment in the reference index; or (ii) a notional subscription of units, shares or 
other securities of one or more mutual funds managed by the Fund manager (or, if the Issuer determines, in its 
discretion, that there is no such replacement fund managed by the Fund manager that is suitable, managed by 
another fund manager) having similar investment objectives and strategies in order to replace the Fund as a 
result of the occurrence of a Fund Reallocation Event. If units, shares or other securities of a replacement fund 
or a reference index, if applicable, is selected by the Issuer, such successor securities or reference index (the 
"Successor ETF Shares"), as the case may be, will be used as a substitute for the ETF Shares for all purposes, 
including, without limitation, for purposes of calculating amounts payable under the Securities and for 
determining whether a Market Disruption Event exists and the Calculation Agent will make all necessary 
adjustments to determine and calculate the Redemption Amount and any other payment under the Security. 
2.4 
Extraordinary Non Replacement Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Fund Reallocation Event has occurred and the Issuer, in its sole 
discretion, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, has decided not to direct the 
Calculation Agent to choose a Successor ETF Share as a substitute for such ETF Share whether because the 
Issuer has determined that there is no appropriate Successor ETF Share which offer sufficient comparable 
attributes including, but not limited to, management, investment objectives, underlying assets, currency, 
liquidity, dividend or distribution yield, volatility of the units, index or underlying securities and ability for the 
Issuer or its affiliates to place, maintain or modify hedges in respect of such assets or for any other reason (an 
"Extraordinary Non Replacement Event"), then the Issuer may, in its sole discretion, acting in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner, determine that this Extraordinary Non Replacement Event shall 
constitute a Special Circumstance. 
2.5 
Additional Adjustments in respect of a Basket of Underlyings 
Where the Securities relate to a basket of Underlyings, if, in relation to a Basket Component, an adjustment 
(as described in ETF Linked Condition 2.1 (Consequences of a Potential Adjustment Event), 2.2 
(Consequences of a Merger Event or Tender Offer) or 2.3 (Consequences of a Fund Reallocation Event)) is 
necessary, in addition to the adjustments pursuant to such ETF Linked Condition in relation to each of such 
Basket Component (an "Affected Basket Component"))

--- Page 276 ---
Underlying Specific Conditions 
ETF Linked Conditions
 
272 
 
(a) 
the Calculation Agent may remove the Affected Basket Component(s) from the basket of Underlyings 
without replacement (and in such case, the Calculation Agent may make such amendments to the 
Adjustable Terms as it reasonably determines are appropriate to take into account the removal of the 
Affected Basket Component(s) and the economic effect thereof on the Securities) or the Issuer may 
determine that this circumstance shall constitute a Special Circumstance pursuant to ETF Linked 
Condition 2.4 (Extraordinary Non Replacement Event); or 
(b) 
the Calculation Agent may replace the Affected Basket Component(s) in whole or in part by a new 
Basket Component (which may be a cash amount in the Specified Currency representing the value of 
the Affected Basket Component at the time of such replacement as calculated by the Calculation Agent 
in its reasonable discretion) (the "Successor Basket Component").  
Upon such replacement, the Successor Basket Component will be deemed to be the Basket Component 
and any reference in the Conditions to the Affected Basket Component, to the extent permitted by the 
context, shall be deemed to refer to the Successor Basket Component. 
2.6 
Notice of Adjustments 
Upon making any such adjustment pursuant to this ETF Linked Condition 2, the Issuer and/or Calculation 
Agent shall give notice to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 12 (Notices), stating the 
relevant adjustment and giving brief details of the relevant event in respect of which such adjustment was 
made, provided that any failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of the relevant event or any 
action taken. 
3. 
Early Redemption in Special Circumstances, Illegality or Disruption Event 
In the event of a Special Circumstance, Illegality, Disruption Event or events that may be deemed or treated 
as a Special Circumstance, the Issuer may redeem the Securities by giving not less than fifteen (15) nor more 
than thirty (30) Business Days' irrevocable notice in accordance with General Condition 12 (Notices), in which 
case the Issuer shall redeem the Securities and cause to be paid to each Securityholder in respect of each 
Security held by it an amount equal to the Early Redemption Amount. The termination shall become valid on 
the day of the notice in accordance with General Condition 12 (Notices). 
4. 
Correction of Prices 
In the event that a Relevant Underlying Price is subsequently corrected and the correction (the "Corrected 
Price") is published by the Exchange on or before the Business Day prior to the next date on which any relevant 
payment or delivery may have to be made by the Issuer or in respect of which any relevant determination in 
respect of the Securities may have to be made, which, in each case, would require the Relevant Underlying 
Price, then the Calculation Agent shall be entitled to determine the amount payable or make any such 
determination in connection with the Securities after taking into account such Corrected Price, and, to the 
extent necessary, the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent may adjust any relevant terms of the Securities to account 
for such Corrected Price. Any such determination or adjustment and the date of its first application shall be 
published in accordance General Condition 12 (Notices). 
5. 
Definitions 
The following terms and expressions shall have the following meanings in respect of ETF Linked Products, 
Hybrid Securities that include ETF Linked Products as a component part and each Underlying which is an 
ETF Share: 
"Adjustable Terms" means each of the Initial Level, the formula for calculation the return of the relevant ETF 
Share, any other component or variable relevant for the determination of the price or return of the relevant ETF 
Share or the maturity consideration, as specified in the Issue Terms.  
"Basket Component" means each ETF Share composed within a basket of Underlyings.

--- Page 277 ---
Underlying Specific Conditions 
ETF Linked Conditions
 
273 
 
"Closing Price" means, on any day in respect of an ETF, one of the following as specified in the Issue Terms 
in respect of such ETF and such day: 
(a) 
the official closing price of such ETF on the Exchange as of the Valuation Time on the relevant day, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent subject as provided in the ETF Linked Conditions (the 
"Official Closing Price"); or 
(b) 
the net asset value calculated in accordance with the terms of the prospectus or other documents 
prepared in connection with the marketing of the ETF (the "Calculated Net Asset Value"). 
"Delisting" means, in respect of an ETF Share, that the relevant Exchange announces that pursuant to the rules 
of such Exchange, the ETF Share ceases (or will cease) to be listed, traded or publicly quoted on the Exchange 
for any reason (other than a Merger Event or Tender Offer) and is not immediately re-listed, re-traded or re-
quoted on an exchange or quotation system located in the same country as the Exchange (or, where the 
Exchange is within the European Union, in any Member State of the European Union). 
"Disrupted Day" means, in respect of an ETF Share, a Scheduled Trading Day on which the Exchange or any 
Related Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular trading session or on which a Market Disruption 
Event has occurred. 
"ETF" means an exchange traded fund.  
"ETF Share" means, in respect of a Fund, the shares or units of such Fund specified as such in the Issue 
Terms, subject to replacement in accordance with these ETF Linked Conditions. 
"Exchange" means, in respect of an ETF Share, the exchange or the quotation system specified as such in the 
Issue Terms, any successor to such exchange or quotation system or any substitute exchange or quotation 
system to which trading in such ETF Share has temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has 
determined in its reasonable discretion that there is comparable liquidity relative to such ETF Share on such 
temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original Exchange). 
"Exchange Business Day" means, in respect of an ETF Share, a Scheduled Trading Day on which the 
Exchange and each Related Exchange are open for trading during their respective regular trading sessions, 
notwithstanding any such Exchange or Related Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time. 
"Fund" means, in respect of an ETF Share, the issuer of such ETF Share as specified in the Issue Terms, 
subject to replacement in accordance with these ETF Linked Conditions.  
"Fund Reallocation Event" means, in respect of a Fund, as determined by the Calculation Agent, the 
occurrence of any of the following events: 
(a) 
Fund Substitution Event; 
(b) 
the bankruptcy, insolvency, winding-up, dissolution, liquidation or analogous procedure of the Fund; 
(c) 
the Fund manager ceases to act as the manager of the Fund; 
(d) 
the investment objective, investment restrictions or investment policies of the Fund are modified 
(except where such modification is of a formal, minor or technical nature); 
(e) 
a material modification (other than any modifications referred to in (d) above) of the terms and 
conditions relating to the ETF Shares (including but not limited to a material modification of the 
constating documents of the Fund) or the occurrence of any event or change having a material adverse 
effect on the ETF Shares (including, but not limited to, the interruption, breakdown or suspension for 
a significant period of time of the calculation or publication of the net asset value per unit); 
(f) 
the non-execution or partial-execution by the Fund of a subscription or redemption order given by a 
Securityholder in any securities of the Fund or a refusal to transfer any securities of the Fund to an

--- Page 278 ---
Underlying Specific Conditions 
ETF Linked Conditions
 
274 
 
eligible transferee except where such non-execution, partial execution or refusal is the result of 
circumstances beyond the control of the Fund; 
(g) 
any mandatory redemption or other reduction (actual or potential as determined by the Calculation 
Agent in its sole discretion) in the number of securities of the Fund held by any holder of such securities 
for any reason beyond the control of such holder; 
(h) 
any failure by the Fund manager to calculate or publish the daily or weekly official net asset value per 
ETF Share of the Fund for at least five (ten in the case of a net asset value calculated weekly) 
consecutive Exchange Business Days except as provided in the case of a suspension of determination 
of the net asset value per unit in accordance with the provisions set out in the constating documents of 
the Fund; 
(i) 
the Fund imposes in whole or part any restriction, charge or fee in respect of a redemption or 
subscription of any ETF Share of the Fund by any holder thereof (other than any fee applicable to a 
holder of ETF Shares of the Fund as at the date of issuance of the Securities); 
(j) 
any relevant activities of or in relation to the Fund or the Fund manager are or become unlawful, illegal 
or otherwise prohibited in whole or in part as a result of compliance with any present or future law, 
regulation, judgment, order or directive of any governmental, administrative, legislative or judicial 
authority or power, or in the interpretation thereof; or 
(k) 
a relevant authorisation or license is revoked or is under review by a competent authority in respect of 
the Fund or the Fund manager. 
"Fund Substitution Event" means, in respect of a Fund that is an exchange-traded fund, any Nationalisation, 
Insolvency, Delisting or Index Event in respect of such Fund, or any Merger Event in respect of such Fund 
that is deemed by the Calculation Agent to be a Fund Substitution Event, or the occurrence and continuation 
for at least five consecutive applicable Exchange Business Days of a Market Disruption Event in respect of 
ETF Shares of such Fund.  
"Index Event" means, in respect of the ETF Share, (i) the sponsor for the index that is replicated by the Fund 
(the "ETF Reference Index") announces that it will make a material change in the formula for or the method 
of calculating the ETF Reference Index or in any other way materially modifies the ETF Reference Index 
(other than a modification prescribed in that formula or method to maintain the ETF Reference Index in the 
event of changes to the constituents and other routine events) or permanently cancels the ETF Reference Index 
and no successor index exists, or (ii) the sponsor for the ETF Reference Index fails to determine and announce 
the official closing level or value of the ETF Reference Index, and, in either case, the Calculation Agent 
determines that such event has a material effect on the calculation of the Redemption Amount or any other 
payment under the Securities linked to the ETF Share of the Fund. 
"Insolvency" means, in respect of an ETF Share, that by reason of the voluntary or involuntary liquidation, 
winding-up, dissolution, bankruptcy or insolvency or any analogous proceeding affecting the relevant Fund 
(a) all the ETF Shares of such Fund are required to be transferred to a trustee, liquidator or other similar official 
or (b) holders of the ETF Shares of such Fund become legally prohibited from transferring them. 
"Intraday Price" means, in respect of an ETF and any relevant time on any relevant day, the price at which 
such ETF trades on the relevant Exchange at such time on such day, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Level" means, in respect of an ETF Share and any relevant day, one of the following as specified in the Issue 
Terms in respect of such ETF Share and such day: 
(a) 
Closing Price; 
(b) 
Intraday Price; 
(c) 
Opening Price; or

--- Page 279 ---
Underlying Specific Conditions 
ETF Linked Conditions
 
275 
 
(d) 
NAV. 
"Market Disruption Event" means, in respect of an ETF Share, any bona fide event, circumstance or cause 
(whether or not reasonably foreseeable) beyond the reasonable control of the Calculation Agent or any person 
that does not deal at arm's length with the Calculation Agent which has or could have a material adverse effect 
on the ability of the Issuer and/or its affiliates generally to place, maintain, substitute, unwind or modify hedge 
positions in respect of the Securities and/or the ETF Share and/or a material number of securities, contracts of 
other reference items in which the ETF Share is invested. A Market Disruption Event may include, without 
limitation, any of the following events: 
(a) 
a suspension or absence of or material limitation on subscriptions and/or redemptions of the ETF 
Share; 
(b) 
a suspension of or limitation imposed on trading by the relevant Exchanges or Related Exchanges for 
the ETF Share or 10% or more of the ETF Shares or otherwise and whether by reason of movements 
in price exceeding limits permitted by the relevant Exchanges or Related Exchanges or otherwise (i) 
relating to the ETF Shares or 10% or more of the ETF Shares, or (ii) in futures contracts or options 
contracts or relating to the ETF Shares or 10% or more of the ETF Shares; 
(c) 
the closure ("Early Closure") on any Exchange Business Day of the relevant Exchange(s) or any 
Related Exchange for the ETF Shares or 10% or more of the ETF Shares prior to its scheduled closing 
time unless such earlier closing time is announced by such Exchange(s) or Related Exchange(s) at 
least one hour prior to the earlier of (i) the actual closing time for the regular trading session on such 
Exchange(s) or Related Exchange(s) on such Exchange Business Day and (ii) the submission deadline 
for orders to be entered into such Exchange or Related Exchange system for execution at the close of 
trading on such Exchange Business Day; 
(d) 
any event (other than an Early Closure) that disrupts or impairs the ability of market participants in 
general (i) to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, the ETF Shares or 10% or more of the 
ETF Shares on the Exchanges, or (ii) to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, futures 
contracts or options contracts relating to the ETF Shares or 10% or more of the ETF Shares on any 
relevant Related Exchanges; 
(e) 
the failure on any Exchange Business Day of the relevant Exchanges of the ETF Shares or 10% or 
more of the ETF Shares or any Related Exchanges to open for trading during regular trading sessions; 
(f) 
the adoption, change, enactment, publication, decree or other promulgation of any statute, regulation, 
rule or order of any court or other governmental authority, or issuance of any directive or promulgation 
of, or any change in the interpretation, whether formal or informal, by any court, tribunal, regulatory 
authority or similar administrative or judicial body of any law, order, regulation, decree or notice, 
howsoever described, which would have a material adverse effect on a holder of securities of the Fund 
or 10% or more of the ETF Shares or in respect of any hedge transaction established in connection 
with 10% or more of the ETF Shares or make it unlawful or impracticable for the Issuer to perform its 
obligations under the Securities or for a party generally to place, maintain, substitute, unwind or 
modify hedges of positions or to realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such hedge in respect of 
the ETF Shares or 10% or more of the ETF Shares; 
(g) 
the taking of any action by any governmental, administrative, legislative or judicial authority or power 
of any country, or any political subdivision thereof, which has a material adverse effect on the financial 
markets of a country in which the Fund or 10% or more of the ETF Shares are located; 
(h) 
any outbreak or escalation of hostilities or other national or international calamity or crisis (including, 
without limitation, natural calamities) which has or would have a material adverse effect on the ability 
of the Issuer to perform its obligations under the Securities or of a party generally to place, maintain, 
substitute, unwind or modify hedges of positions or to realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any 
such hedge with respect to the ETF Shares or a material number of ETF Shares or a material and

--- Page 280 ---
Underlying Specific Conditions 
ETF Linked Conditions
 
276 
 
adverse effect on the economy or the trading of securities generally on any relevant Exchange or 
Related Exchange for the Reference Assets or 10% or more of the ETF Shares; 
(i) 
(i) an increase in the cost of acquiring, placing, establishing, re-establishing, substituting, maintaining, 
modifying, unwinding or disposing of any hedging transaction in connection with the Securities or in 
the cost of realising, recovering or remitting the proceeds of any such hedging transaction; or 
(j) 
(j) in any other event, if the Calculation Agent determines that the event materially affects the ability 
of the Issuer and/or its affiliates to hedge or unwind all or a material portion of a hedge with respect to 
the Securities that has been effected or may come into effect. 
For the purposes of determining whether a Market Disruption Event has occurred: (1) a limitation on the hours 
or number of days of trading will not constitute a Market Disruption Event if it results from an announced 
change in the regular business hours of an Exchange or Related Exchange, and (2) a "suspension, absence or 
material limitation of trading" on any Exchange or Related Exchange will not include any time when such 
Exchange or Related Exchange itself is closed for trading under ordinary circumstances. 
"Maximum Days of Disruption" means, unless specified otherwise in the Issue Terms, eight Scheduled 
Trading Days.  
"Merger Date" means the closing date of a Merger Event (as determined by the Calculation Agent) or, where 
a closing date cannot be determined under the local law applicable to such Merger Event, such other date as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Merger Event" means, in respect of an ETF Share, any  
(a) 
reclassification or other change to the Fund that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment 
to transfer all such ETF Shares outstanding to another entity or person;  
(b) 
consolidation, amalgamation or binding unit exchange of the Fund with or into another entity or person 
(other than a consolidation, amalgamation or binding unit exchange in which such Fund is the 
continuing entity and which does not result in a reclassification or change of all such ETF Shares 
outstanding); 
(c) 
takeover offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other event by any entity or person to purchase 
or otherwise obtain 100 per cent. of the outstanding ETF Shares that results in a transfer of or an 
irrevocable commitment to transfer all such ETF Shares (other than such ETF Shares owned or 
controlled by such other entity or person); or  
(d) 
consolidation, amalgamation or binding unit exchange of the Fund or its affiliates with or into another 
entity in which the Fund is the continuing entity and which does not result in a reclassification or 
change of all such ETF Shares outstanding but results in the outstanding ETF Shares (other than ETF 
Shares owned or controlled by such other entity) immediately prior to such event collectively 
representing less than 50 per cent. of the outstanding ETF Shares immediately following such event  
(e) 
sale of all or substantially all assets of the Fund (or any lease, long term supply agreement or other 
arrangement having the same economic effect as a sale of all or substantially all assets of the Fund),  
in each case if the Merger Date is on or before the last Underlying Valuation Date.  
"Nationalisation" means, in respect of an ETF Share, that all the ETF Shares of a Fund or all the assets or 
substantially all the assets of such Fund are nationalised, expropriated or are otherwise required to be 
transferred to any governmental agency, authority, entity or instrumentality thereof. 
"NAV" means, in respect of an ETF, the net asset value calculated in accordance with the terms of the 
prospectus or other documents prepared in connection with the marketing of such ETF.

--- Page 281 ---
Underlying Specific Conditions 
ETF Linked Conditions
 
277 
 
"Opening Price" means, on any day in respect of an ETF, the official opening price of such ETF on the 
Exchange on the relevant day, as determined by the Calculation Agent subject as provided in the ETF Linked 
Conditions.  
"Potential Adjustment Event" means, in respect of an ETF Share and the related Fund, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent acting in good faith, any event that may have a diluting or concentrative effect on the 
theoretical value of the relevant ETF Share, including a subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of the 
ETF Share, an extraordinary dividend and shareholder right distribution. 
"Related Exchange(s)" means, in respect of an ETF Share, each exchange or quotation system, any successor 
to such exchange or quotation system or any substitute exchange or quotation system where trading has a 
material effect (as determined by the Calculation Agent in its reasonable discretion) on the overall market for 
futures contracts or options contracts relating to such ETF Shares. 
"Relevant Underlying Price" means, in respect of an ETF Share, one of the following as specified in the Issue 
Terms in respect of such ETF Share: 
(a) 
a price for such ETF Share, as determined and published by the Exchange, which is relevant for the 
Securities (the "ETF Share Price"); or 
(b) 
a value for such ETF Share, as determined and published by or on behalf of the related ETF, which is 
relevant for the Securities (the "ETF Share Value"). 
"Scheduled Closing Time" means, in respect of an ETF Share, an Exchange or Related Exchange and a 
Scheduled Trading Day, the scheduled weekday closing time of such Exchange or Related Exchange on the 
Scheduled Trading Day, without regard to after hours or any other trading outside the regular trading session 
hours. 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means, in respect of an ETF Share, one of the following as specified in the Issue 
Terms in respect of such ETF Share: 
(a) 
a day on which each Exchange and each Related Exchange are open for trading during their respective 
regular trading sessions; or 
(b) 
any day on which the NAV is scheduled to be calculated and announced in accordance with the terms 
of the prospectus or other documents prepared in connection with the marketing of the ETF Share. 
"Scheduled Underlying Valuation Date" means, in respect of an Underlying Valuation Date, the original 
relevant date that, but for the occurrence of an event causing a Disrupted Day, would have been such 
Underlying Valuation Date. 
"Special Circumstance" has the meaning given to that term in Condition 4.5 (Early Redemption for Special 
Circumstance) of the General Conditions, unless modified in these Underlying Specific Conditions. 
"Underlying Valuation Date" means each of the following (a) Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, 
(b) Coupon Valuation Date, (c) Redemption Valuation Date, (d) Strike Date and (e) each other relevant date 
on which the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent is required under the Conditions to determine the level of a Fund, 
in each case, subject to adjustment in accordance with these ETF Linked Conditions. 
"Valuation Time" means, in respect of an ETF Share, one of the following as specified in the Issue Terms in 
respect of such ETF Share: 
(a) 
the time at which the Exchange calculates and publishes the official closing price of such ETF Share 
(the "Official Closing Price Time"). If the Exchange closes prior to its Scheduled Closing Time and 
the Valuation Time falls after the actual closing time for the regular trading session, the Valuation 
Time means the time of the actual close of trading.

--- Page 282 ---
Underlying Specific Conditions 
ETF Linked Conditions
 
278 
 
(b) 
any Scheduled Trading Day on which the NAV is calculated and announced in accordance with the 
terms of the prospectus or other documents prepared in connection with the marketing of the ETF 
Share.

--- Page 283 ---
Underlying Specific Conditions 
Currency Exchange Rate Conditions
 
279 
 
CURRENCY EXCHANGE RATE CONDITIONS 
 
The provisions of these Currency Exchange Rate Conditions shall apply to Securities which refer to a Currency 
Exchange Rate. 
1. 
Consequences of Disrupted Days 
Where the Securities refer to a Currency Exchange Rate (and if the Issue Terms specify that this provision 
shall apply to particular Underlying Valuation Dates, then this condition shall apply to such Underlying 
Valuation Dates only), and if the Calculation Agent determines that an Underlying Valuation Date is a 
Disrupted Day, then the Underlying Valuation Date shall be the next following Scheduled Trading Day that is 
not a Disrupted Day, unless the Calculation Agent determines that each of the consecutive Scheduled Trading 
Days equal in number to the Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Underlying 
Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day. In that case: 
(a) 
the last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the relevant Underlying Valuation 
Date, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day; and 
(b) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine its estimate of the relevant level of the Currency Exchange Rate 
on that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in its reasonable discretion, taking into account the 
market circumstances prevailing on such day. The Issuer and/or Calculation Agent shall publish the 
determined level of the Currency Exchange Rate in accordance with General Condition 12 (Notices). 
1.2 
Postponement of consequential dates or Special Circumstance 
A Disrupted Day may delay the determination of the price or return of the relevant Currency Exchange Rate 
and consequently the calculation of the maturity consideration for the particular Securities or other payment 
based on the Currency Exchange Rate that may be payable.  
In addition, if prior to the Redemption Valuation Date a Disrupted Day occurs and continues for at least the 
Maximum Days of Disruption consecutive Scheduled Trading Days, then the Issuer may, in its sole discretion, 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determine that this circumstance shall constitute 
a Special Circumstance.  
2. 
Adjustment Events 
2.1 
Adjustments for changes in the market conditions on the Reference Market 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a material change in the market conditions has occurred on the 
Reference Market, the Calculation Agent shall be entitled to effect adjustments to the Adjustable Terms to 
account for these changed market conditions.  
If the Calculation Agent determines that there are no appropriate adjustments available to take into account the 
changes market conditions and the economic effect thereof on the Securities, the Issuer may, in its sole 
discretion, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determine that this circumstance 
shall constitute a Special Circumstance. 
2.2 
Adjustments for changes in the calculation of the Currency Exchange Rate 
Any changes in the calculation (including corrections) of the Currency Exchange Rate or in the composition 
or weighting of the price or other reference parameters upon which the Currency Exchange Rate is based on 
(as compared to the Issue Date) shall not lead to an adjustment of Adjustable Terms unless the Calculation 
Agent determines that, as a result of the changes (including corrections), the underlying concept and calculation 
of the Currency Exchange Rate are no longer comparable to the underlying concept or calculation of the

--- Page 284 ---
Underlying Specific Conditions 
Currency Exchange Rate Conditions
 
280 
 
Currency Exchange Rate applicable prior to such change. Adjustments to Adjustable Terms may also be made 
as a result of the removal of the Currency Exchange Rate and/or its substitution by another underlying. 
For the purpose of making any adjustments, the Calculation Agent shall determine an adjusted value per unit 
of the Currency Exchange Rate which shall be used for the determination of the relevant price of the Currency 
Exchange Rate for the Securities and which in its economic result shall correspond to the provisions prior to 
this change. The Calculation Agent shall also determine the day on which the adjusted value per unit of the 
Currency Exchange Rate shall apply for the first time, taking into account the time the change occurred. The 
adjusted value per unit of the Currency Exchange Rate and the date of its first application shall be published 
pursuant to General Condition 12 (Notices). The Issuer may, in its sole discretion, acting in good faith and in 
a commercially reasonable manner, treat these adjustments as a Special Circumstance. 
2.3 
Adjustments for changes in the currency used in connection with the Currency Exchange Rate 
If any Relevant Currency (the "Affected Currency") in its function as legal tender in the country(ies) or 
jurisdiction(s) maintaining the authority, institution or other body which issues such currency is replaced by 
another currency or merged with another currency to become a common currency (in each case, the "Successor 
Currency"), the Issuer may, in its sole discretion, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner, direct the Calculation Agent to replace the Affected Currency, for the purposes of these Conditions, 
by the Successor Currency provided that, if applicable, the appropriate adjustments according to paragraph 2.2 
above have been made. The Successor Currency and the date of its first application shall be published in 
accordance with General Condition 12 (Notices). In this case, any reference in these Conditions to the Affected 
Currency shall, to the extent appropriate, be deemed to refer to the Successor Currency.  
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Successor Currency is available and the Issuer, in its sole discretion, 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, has decided not to direct the Calculation Agent 
to choose such Successor Currency as a substitute for the Affected Currency whether because the Issuer has 
determined that the Successor Currency does not offer sufficient comparable attributes including, the ability 
for the Issuer or its affiliates to place, maintain or modify hedges in respect of such Successor Currency or for 
any other reason (an "Extraordinary Non Replacement Event"), then the Issuer may, in its sole discretion, 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determine that this Extraordinary Non 
Replacement Event shall constitute a Special Circumstance.  
2.4 
Adjustments for replacement of the Reference Market 
If the quotation of or trading in any Relevant Currency on the Reference Market is permanently discontinued 
while a quotation or trading is concurrently started up or maintained on another market (the "Substitute 
Reference Market"), the Calculation Agent shall be entitled to stipulate the Substitute Reference Market as 
the relevant Reference Market via publication in accordance with General Condition 12 (Notices), provided 
that the Issuer has not elected for an early redemption of the Securities in accordance with these Currency 
Exchange Rate Conditions. 
In the case of such a substitution, any reference in these Conditions to the Reference Market thereafter shall 
be deemed to refer to the Substitute Reference Market. 
The adjustment described above shall be published in accordance with General Condition 12 (Notices) within 
the three-month period following the permanent discontinuation of the quotation of or trading in such Relevant 
Currency on the Reference Market. 
2.5 
Notice of Adjustments 
Upon making any such adjustment pursuant to this Currency Exchange Rate Condition 2
 
and 4
 
, the Issuer 
and/or Calculation Agent shall give notice to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 12 
(Notices), stating the relevant adjustment and giving brief details of the relevant event in respect of which such 
adjustment was made, provided that any failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of the relevant 
event or any action taken.

--- Page 285 ---
Underlying Specific Conditions 
Currency Exchange Rate Conditions
 
281 
 
2.6 
Early Termination in Special Circumstances, Illegality or Disruption Event 
In the event of a Special Circumstance, Illegality, Disruption Event or events that may be deemed or treated 
as a Special Circumstance, the Issuer may redeem the Securities by giving not less than fifteen (15) nor more 
than thirty (30) Business Days' irrevocable notice in accordance with General Condition 12 (Notices), in which 
case the Issuer shall redeem the Securities and cause to be paid to each Securityholder in respect of each 
Security held by it an amount equal to the Early Redemption Amount. The early redemption shall become 
valid on the day of the notice in accordance with General Condition 12 (Notices). 
3. 
Correction of Rates 
In the event that a Relevant Rate is subsequently corrected and the correction (the "Corrected Rate") is 
displayed on the relevant Price Source on or before the Business Day prior to the next date on which any 
relevant payment or delivery may have to be made by the Issuer or in respect of which any relevant 
determination in respect of the Securities may have to be made or such other day specified in the Issue Terms, 
which, in each case, would require the Relevant Rate, then the Calculation Agent shall be entitled to determine 
the amount payable or make any such determination in connection with the Securities after taking into account 
such Corrected Rate, and, to the extent necessary, the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent may adjust any relevant 
terms of the Securities to account for such Corrected Rate. Any such determination or adjustment and the date 
of its first application shall be published in accordance with General Condition 12 (Notices). 
4. 
Currency Settlement Disruption 
If, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, payment of any amount due in respect of the Securities cannot be 
made by the Issuer in the Relevant Currency on any date on which payment is scheduled to be made under the 
Securities (a "Relevant Scheduled Payment Date") due to: 
(a) 
the imposition of any law, rule, regulation or decree, or any action taken by the Mexican governmental 
authority which is in effect or has effect on any relevant payment date, which legally or de facto 
prevents or has the effect of restricting or limiting: 
(i) 
the general availability of the Relevant Currency in Mexico; 
(ii) 
the general availability for the Relevant Currency in any foreign exchange market or the 
availability of the Relevant Currency at commercially reasonable terms; 
(iii) 
the exchange of USD or any other currency for the Relevant Currency; or 
(iv) 
the transfer or receipt of the Relevant Currency inside or outside of Mexico; 
(b) 
any relevant clearing system suspending or ceasing to accept the Relevant Currency as a settlement 
currency; 
(c) 
the Relevant Currency's replacement or disuse or the Relevant Currency no longer being used by the 
government of Mexico or for the settlement of transactions by public institutions within the 
international banking community; 
(d) 
the illiquidity of the Relevant Currency in the relevant market; or 
(e) 
any other circumstances beyond the control of the Issuer (including but not limited to a natural or man-
made disaster, armed conflict, act of terrorism, riot or labour disruption), 
(each a "Currency Settlement Disruption Event") then the Issuer may, at its option, be entitled to satisfy its 
obligations to the Securityholders (to the extent and in the manner permitted by applicable law) by either (i) 
delaying any such payment until after the Currency Settlement Disruption Event ceases to exist; or (ii) subject 
to Condition 6, making such payment in United States dollars ("USD") to the Securityholders, or into an 
account established by the Issuer for the benefit of Securityholders (such payment converted into USD by

--- Page 286 ---
Underlying Specific Conditions 
Currency Exchange Rate Conditions
 
282 
 
reference to such currency exchange rate displayed on such price source or otherwise as the Calculation Agent 
shall determine in its sole discretion and in good faith and a commercially reasonable manner) on, or as soon 
as reasonably practicable (in the opinion of the Calculation Agent) after, the Relevant Scheduled Payment 
Date.  
Any such delayed payment or payment in USD will not constitute an event of default and Securityholders shall 
not be entitled to further interest or any other payment in respect of any such delay, and, in either case, the 
Issuer's obligations shall be deemed fully satisfied and discharged upon transfer of the necessary amounts in 
the relevant currency. 
5. 
UDI Provisions 
If the relevant Issue Terms specify UDI Provisions as "applicable", the following terms shall apply in addition 
to the terms set out in the remainder of these Currency Exchange Rate Conditions. 
5.1 
Replacement 
Instead of Condition 2.4 (Adjustments for replacement of the Reference Market), the following shall apply:  
In the event the Currency Exchange Rate is or will be wholly replaced or substituted entirely with another unit 
by the Banco de México (or other relevant governmental authority), references to the Currency Exchange Rate 
in respect of any Underlying Valuation Date will be deemed instead to be to the unit or rate replacing or 
substituting the Currency Exchange Rate (when available) provided that (a) such unit or rate is determined, 
reported, sanctioned, recognised, published, announced or adopted (or any similar action is taken) by the Banco 
de México (or other relevant governmental authority), (b) such unit or rate is applicable to commercial 
transactions and it is commercially appropriate to use such unit or rate as a substitute for the Currency 
Exchange Rate, and (c) such unit or rate is published on the website of the Banco de México or another official 
publication in Mexico in respect of such Underlying Valuation Date. In each case, the Calculation Agent may 
make any consequential or related adjustments required to the Adjustable Terms to reflect the relevant 
replacement or substitution as it determines appropriate. 
5.2 
Non-publication 
In the event (i) the Currency Exchange Rate is no longer or will no longer be published by or available from 
the Banco de México and the provisions of Condition 5.1 (Replacement) above do not apply, or (ii) the 
Currency Exchange Rate for a Underlying Valuation Date is not available or will not be available in respect 
of such Underlying Valuation Date, the Currency Exchange Rate for the affected Underlying Valuation Date 
will be determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to such source(s) as it determines appropriate. In 
each case, the Calculation Agent may make any consequential or related adjustments required to the Adjustable 
Terms to reflect the relevant non-publication or non-availability as it determines appropriate. 
5.3 
Additional change or modification 
In addition to the provisions of Condition 5.1 (Replacement) and 5.2 (Non-publication) above, if any change, 
or modification is or will be made in relation to the Currency Exchange Rate or the Specified Currency which 
would affect the Securities and the Calculation Agent determines such change or modification is or will be 
material, then the Calculation Agent may: 
(a) 
make such adjustments to the Adjustable Terms to preserve the economic intention of the Securities 
and to account for such change or modification as it determines appropriate (including consequential 
or related adjustments required to reflect the change or modification) and determine the effective date 
of each such adjustment; or 
(b) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment that it could make under (A) above will produce 
a commercially reasonably result, the Issuer that determine that this circumstance shall constitute a 
Special Circumstance.

--- Page 287 ---
Underlying Specific Conditions 
Currency Exchange Rate Conditions
 
283 
 
5.4 
Type of change or modification 
For the purposes of the paragraphs above, "change or modification" means, in relation to the Currency 
Exchange Rate or the Specified Currency, any change, modification or adjustment to the nature of or 
arrangements for the determination, calculation, publication or availability of the Currency Exchange Rate or 
the Specified Currency, including any replacement, substitution, non-publication, non-availability, re-
publication or cessation of the Currency Exchange Rate (or the Specified Currency or the INPC on which the 
value of the Currency Exchange Rate is based) which the Calculation Agent determines cannot be 
appropriately addressed in full under Condition 5.1 (Replacement) and 5.2 (Non-publication) above, as 
applicable. 
6. 
Definitions 
The following terms and expressions shall have the following meanings in respect of Currency Exchange Rate 
Linked Products, Hybrid Securities that include Currency Exchange Rate Linked Products as a component part 
and each Underlying which is a Currency Exchange Rate: 
"Adjustable Terms" means each of the Initial Level, the formula for calculation the return of the relevant 
Currency Exchange Rate, any other component or variable relevant for the determination of the price or return 
of the relevant Currency Exchange Rate or the maturity consideration, as specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Base Currency" means, in respect of a Currency Exchange Rate, the currency specified as such in the Issue 
Terms. 
"Base Currency/Cross Currency Price" means, on any day in respect of a Currency Exchange Rate, an 
exchange rate expressed as a number of units of the Cross Currency (or fractional amounts thereof) per one 
unit of the Base Currency, which appears on the Price Source at approximately the Currency Exchange Rate 
Valuation Time in respect of such day, as determined by the Calculation Agent subject as provided in the 
Currency Exchange Rate Linked Conditions. 
"Cross Currency" means, in respect of a Currency Exchange Rate, the currency specified as such in the Issue 
Terms. 
"Cross Currency/Reference Currency Price" means, on any day in respect of a Currency Exchange Rate, 
an exchange rate expressed as a number of units of the Reference Currency (or fractional amounts thereof) per 
one unit of the Cross Currency, which appears on the Price Source at approximately the Currency Exchange 
Rate Valuation Time in respect of such day, as determined by the Calculation Agent subject as provided in the 
Currency Exchange Rate Linked Conditions. 
"Currency Exchange Rate" means, subject to adjustment in accordance with the Currency Exchange Rate 
Conditions, in respect of any day, (i) an exchange rate of one currency for another currency specified as such 
in the Issue Terms or (ii) in case UDI Provisions are specified as "applicable" in the Issue Terms, a MXN 
equivalent unit of account indexed to inflation on a daily basis, as measured by the change in the Mexican 
National Consumer Price Index (Indice Nacional de Precios al Consumidor) (INPC) pursuant to the Decree 
approved by the Congress of Mexico and published in the Official Diary of the Federation (Diario Oficial de 
la Federación) on April 1, 1995, expressed as the number of MXN per one UDI, as published by Banco de 
México http://www.banxico.org.mx/ (or any successor replacement website) on or prior to the relevant UDI 
Index Rate Determination Date. 
"Currency Exchange Rate Business Day" means, in respect of a Currency Exchange Rate, any Scheduled 
Trading Day on which the Reference Market is open for trading during its regular trading sessions, 
notwithstanding the Reference Market closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time. 
"Currency Exchange Rate Valuation Time" means, in respect of a Currency Exchange Rate, Base 
Currency/Cross Currency Price or Cross Currency/Reference Currency Price, the time specified as such in the 
Issue Terms.

--- Page 288 ---
Underlying Specific Conditions 
Currency Exchange Rate Conditions
 
284 
 
"Currency Exchange Reference Rate" means, on any day in respect of a Currency Exchange Rate, an 
exchange rate expressed as a number of units of the Reference Currency (or fractional amounts thereof) per 
one unit of the Base Currency, which appears on the Price Source at approximately the Currency Exchange 
Rate Valuation Time in respect of such day, as determined by the Calculation Agent subject as provided in the 
Currency Exchange Rate Linked Conditions, provided that, if 'Derived Exchange Rate' is specified as 
'Applicable' in the Issue Terms, the Currency Exchange Reference Rate shall be the Derived Exchange Rate. 
"Derived Exchange Rate" means, on any day in respect of a Currency Exchange Rate, an exchange rate 
expressed as a number of units of the Reference Currency (or fractional amounts thereof) per one unit of the 
Base Currency, as determined by the Calculation Agent as the quotient of the (i) Cross Currency/Reference 
Currency Price; and (ii) the Base Currency/Cross Currency Price, in each case in respect of such day. 
"Disrupted Day" means, in respect of a Currency Exchange Rate, any Scheduled Trading Day on which the 
Reference Market fails to open for trading during its regular trading session or on which a Market Disruption 
Event has occurred. 
"Early Closure of the Reference Market" means, in respect of a Currency Exchange Rate, the closure on 
any Currency Exchange Rate Business Day of the Reference Market prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless 
such earlier closing time is announced by such Reference Market at least one hour prior to the actual closing 
time for the regular trading session on the Reference Market on such Currency Exchange Rate Business Day. 
"Illiquidity Event" means that the Calculation Agent determines that it is, or becomes (or is likely to become) 
impossible or impracticable for the Issuer and/or Hedging Entity to liquidate the relevant currency/ies in a 
sufficient amount to meet its payment and/or delivery obligations (in whole or in part) in respect of the 
forthcoming payment date as a result of the insufficient liquidity of the relevant currency/ies. 
"Level" means, in respect of a Currency Exchange Rate and any relevant day, the Currency Exchange 
Reference Rate in respect of such Currency Exchange Rate and such day. 
"Market Disruption Event" means, in respect of a Currency Exchange Rate, the occurrence or existence of 
any of the following: 
(a) 
the suspension or absence of the announcement of a price of a Currency Exchange Rate relevant for 
the Securities on the Reference Market or by the relevant Price Source; 
(b) 
the suspension or limitation of banking activities in the Relevant Country, the latter of which the 
Calculation Agent determines is material in respect of the Securities; 
(c) 
the suspension or limitation of trading, the latter of which the Calculation Agent determines material 
in respect of the Securities in either: 
(i) 
a Relevant Currency on the Reference Market; or 
(ii) 
in futures contracts or options contracts relating to a Relevant Currency on a futures exchange 
where such contracts are usually traded, 
due to a directive of an authority or the Reference Market or due to a moratorium on banking activities 
in the country where the Reference Market is located, or due to any other reasons; 
(d) 
the Early Closure of the Reference Market; 
(e) 
a Relevant Country either:  
(i) 
imposes any controls or announces its intention to impose any controls on any relevant currency; 
or  
(ii) 
implements or announces its intention to implement any laws or regulations; or

--- Page 289 ---
Underlying Specific Conditions 
Currency Exchange Rate Conditions
 
285 
 
(iii) 
changes or announces its intention to change the interpretation or administration of any laws or 
regulations,  
where in each case, the Calculation Agent determines that such event mentioned in paragraph (e)(i), 
(e)(ii) and (e)(iii) of this definition of Market Disruption Event is likely to affect the ability of the 
Issuer and/or Calculation Agent or any of its affiliates to acquire, hold, transfer or realise any Relevant 
Currency or otherwise to effect transactions in relation to such Relevant Currency; 
(f) 
an event which the Calculation Agent determines would make it impossible for the Issuer and/or 
Calculation Agent or any of its affiliates to perform, impair or delay the performance of the following 
activities: 
(i) 
converting a Relevant Currency into the Specified Currency or any other currency through 
customary legal channels or transferring within or from any Relevant Country a Relevant 
Currency due to the imposition by such Relevant Country of any controls restricting or 
prohibiting such conversion or transfer, as the case may be; 
(ii) 
converting a Relevant Currency into another Relevant Currency or into the Specified Currency 
or any other currency at a rate at least as favourable as the rate for domestic financial institutions 
located in the Relevant Country; 
(iii) 
transferring a Relevant Currency from accounts inside the Relevant Country to accounts outside 
such Relevant Country; or 
(iv) 
transferring a Relevant Currency between accounts inside the Relevant Country or to a party 
that is a non-resident of such Relevant Country; 
(g) 
an event that disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market 
participants in general to: 
(i) 
obtain market values for a Relevant Currency; or 
(ii) 
effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, futures contracts or options contracts relating 
to a Relevant Currency on a futures exchange where such contracts are usually traded; or 
(h) 
an Illiquidity Event, if selected as applicable pursuant to the Issue Terms. 
"Maximum Days of Disruption" means, unless specified otherwise in the Issue Terms, five Scheduled 
Trading Days.  
"Price Source" means, in respect of a Currency Exchange Rate, Base Currency/Cross Currency Price or Cross 
Currency/Reference Currency Price, the price source, providing the relevant price of the Currency Exchange 
Rate, Base Currency/Cross Currency Price or Cross Currency/Reference Currency Price, specified as such in 
the Issue Terms.  
"Reference Market" means, in respect of a Currency Exchange Rate, Base Currency/Cross Currency Price or 
Cross Currency/Reference Currency Price, the reference market specified as such in the Issue Terms.  
"Reference Currency" means, in respect of a Currency Exchange Rate, the currency specified as such in the 
Issue Terms. 
"Relevant Country" means, in respect of a Currency Exchange Rate, any country (or political or regulatory 
authority thereof) which:  
(a) 
has a Relevant Currency as its legal tender or official currency; and  
(b) 
in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, has a material connection with a Relevant Currency.

--- Page 290 ---
Underlying Specific Conditions 
Currency Exchange Rate Conditions
 
286 
 
"Relevant Currency" means, in respect of a Currency Exchange Rate, any currency used to determine the 
level of such Currency Exchange Rate. 
"Relevant Rate" means, in respect of a Currency Exchange Rate, a rate for such Currency Exchange Rate, as 
displayed on the Price Source, which is relevant for the Securities. 
"Scheduled Closing Time" means, in respect of a Currency Exchange Rate, the Reference Market and a 
Scheduled Trading Day, the scheduled weekday closing time of such Reference Market on such Scheduled 
Trading Day, without regard to any trading outside the regular trading session hours. 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means, in respect of a Currency Exchange Rate, any day on which the Reference 
Market is scheduled to be open for trading for its regular trading sessions. 
"Scheduled Underlying Valuation Date" means, in respect of an Underlying Valuation Date, the original 
relevant date that, but for the occurrence of an event causing a Disrupted Day, would have been such 
Underlying Valuation Date. 
"Special Circumstance" has the meaning given to that term in General Condition 4.5 (Early Redemption for 
Special Circumstance), unless modified in these Underlying Specific Conditions. 
"Specified Currency" means the specified currency specified as such in the Issue Terms.  
"UDI Index Rate Determination Dates" means, unless otherwise specified in the Issue Terms, in respect of 
a Coupon Valuation Date, such Coupon Valuation Date, in respect of the Redemption Date, such Redemption 
Date, in respect of an Early Redemption Date, such Early Redemption Date.  
"Underlying Valuation Date" means each of the following (a) Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, 
(b) Coupon Valuation Date, (c) Redemption Valuation Date, (d) Strike Date and (e) each other relevant date 
on which the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent is required under the Conditions to determine the level of the 
Currency Exchange Rate or, if the UDI Provisions are applicable, the UDI Index Rate Determination Dates, 
in each case, subject to adjustment in accordance with these Currency Exchange Rate Conditions.

--- Page 291 ---
Underlying Specific Conditions 
Commodity Linked Conditions
 
287 
 
COMMODITY LINKED CONDITIONS 
 
The provisions of these Commodity Linked Conditions shall apply to Commodity Linked Products and Hybrid 
Securities that include Commodity Linked Products as a component part, in accordance with the related 
elections made in the Issue Terms, in respect of each Underlying which is a Commodity or Commodity Index. 
1. 
Consequences of Disrupted Days 
1.1 
Postponement 
(a) 
Single Commodity and Underlying Valuation Dates 
Where the Securities relate to a single Commodity or Commodity Index (and if the Issue Terms specify 
that this provision shall apply to one or more particular Underlying Valuation Dates, then this condition 
shall apply to such Underlying Valuation Dates only), if the Calculation Agent determines that an 
Underlying Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day, then the Underlying Valuation Date shall be the next 
following Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day, unless the Calculation Agent determines 
that each of the consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal in number to the Maximum Days of 
Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Underlying Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day. In 
that case: 
(i) 
the last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the relevant Underlying 
Valuation Date, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day; and 
(ii) 
unless the Issue Terms specify "Replacement and cancellation rights" as applicable, the 
Calculation Agent shall determine its estimate of the relevant level of the Commodity or 
Commodity Index on that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in its reasonable discretion, 
taking into account the market circumstances prevailing on such day. The Issuer and/or 
Calculation Agent shall publish the determined level of the Commodity or Commodity Index 
in accordance with General Condition 12 (Notices). 
(b) 
Basket of Underlyings and Underlying Valuation Dates – Individual Postponement of Underlying 
Valuation Dates 
Where the Securities relate to a basket of Underlyings and where 'Underlying Valuation Dates – 
Adjustments for Disrupted Days' is specified as 'Individual Adjustment' in respect of the basket of 
Underlyings in the Issue Terms (and if the Issue Terms specify that this provision shall apply to one 
or more particular Underlying Valuation Dates, then this condition shall apply to such Underlying 
Valuation Dates only), if the Calculation Agent determines that an Underlying Valuation Date is a 
Disrupted Day in respect of a Basket Component, then the Underlying Valuation Date in respect of 
the relevant Basket Component shall be the next following Scheduled Trading Day that is not a 
Disrupted Day in respect of the relevant Basket Component, unless the Calculation Agent determines 
that each of the consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal in number to the Maximum Days of 
Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Underlying Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day in 
respect of the relevant Basket Component. In that case: 
(i) 
the last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the relevant Underlying 
Valuation Date for the relevant Basket Component, notwithstanding the fact that such day is 
a Disrupted Day; and 
(ii) 
unless the Issue Terms specify "Replacement and cancellation rights" as applicable, the 
Calculation Agent shall determine its estimate of the relevant level of the relevant Basket 
Component on that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in its reasonable discretion, taking 
into account the market circumstances prevailing on such day. The Issuer and/or Calculation

--- Page 292 ---
Underlying Specific Conditions 
Commodity Linked Conditions
 
288 
 
Agent shall publish the determined level of the relevant Basket Component in accordance with 
General Condition 12 (Notices). 
(c) 
Basket of Underlyings and Underlying Valuation Dates – Common Postponement of Underlying 
Valuation Dates 
Where the Securities relate to a basket of Underlyings and where 'Underlying Valuation Dates – 
Adjustments for Disrupted Days' is specified as 'Common Adjustment' in respect of the basket of 
Underlyings in the Issue Terms (and if the Issue Terms specify that this provision shall apply to one 
or more particular Underlying Valuation Dates, then this condition shall apply to such Underlying 
Valuation Dates only), if the Calculation Agent determines that an Underlying Valuation Date is a 
Disrupted Day in respect of any Basket Component, then the Underlying Valuation Date in respect of 
all Basket Components shall be the next following Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day 
in respect of any Basket Component, unless the Calculation Agent determines that each of the 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal in number to the Maximum Days of Disruption 
immediately following the Scheduled Underlying Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of any 
Basket Component. In that case: 
(i) 
the last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the relevant Underlying 
Valuation Date for all Basket Components, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a 
Disrupted Day for one or more Commodities or Commodity Indices in the basket (each such 
Commodity or Commodity Index an "Affected Commodity" or an "Affected Commodity 
Index", respectively, in respect of such Underlying Valuation Date); 
(ii) 
in respect of each Commodity or Commodity Index in the basket that is not an Affected 
Commodity or Affected Commodity Index, the relevant level shall be determined in 
accordance with the definition of Level on such last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day; and 
(iii) 
unless the Issue Terms specify "Replacement and cancellation rights" as applicable, in respect 
of each Affected Commodity or Affected Commodity Index, the Calculation Agent shall 
determine its estimate of the relevant level of such Basket Component(s) on that last 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in its reasonable discretion, taking into account the market 
circumstances prevailing on such day. The Issuer and/or Calculation Agent shall publish the 
determined level of such Affected Commodity(ies) or Affected Commodity Index(ices) in 
accordance with General Condition 12 (Notices). 
(d) 
Postponement of consequential dates or Special Circumstance 
A Disrupted Day may delay the determination of the price or return of the relevant Commodity or 
Commodity Index and consequently the calculation of the maturity consideration for the particular 
Securities or other payment based on the price of the relevant Commodity or Commodity Index that 
may be payable.  
In addition, if prior to the Redemption Valuation Date a Disrupted Day occurs and continues for at 
least the Maximum Days of Disruption consecutive Scheduled Trading Days, then the Issuer may, in 
its sole discretion, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determine that this 
circumstance shall constitute Special Circumstance. 
1.2 
Replacement and cancellation rights 
If the Issue Terms specify "Replacement and cancellation rights" as applicable and if the Calculation Agent 
determines that an Underlying Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day, then the Calculation Agent shall at its

--- Page 293 ---
Underlying Specific Conditions 
Commodity Linked Conditions
 
289 
 
reasonable discretion (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) take any of the following 
actions: 
(a) 
Commodity Fallback Value 
The Calculation Agent shall determine if the Disrupted Day has a material effect on the Securities and, 
if so shall calculate the relevant amounts and/or make any other relevant calculation using, in lieu of a 
published price or level for that Commodity or Commodity Index, as the case may be, the price or 
level for that Commodity or Commodity Index as determined by the Calculation Agent using the 
Commodity Fallback Value. 
(b) 
Substitution 
The Calculation Agent may substitute the relevant Commodity, Commodity Reference Price or Index 
Component with a Commodity, Commodity Reference Price or Index Component, as the case may be, 
selected by it in accordance with the criteria set out below (each, a "Substitute Commodity", 
"Substitute Commodity Reference Price" or a "Substitute Index Component") for each 
Commodity, Commodity Reference Price or Index Component, as the case may be, (each, an 
"Affected Commodity", "Affected Commodity Reference Price" or "Affected Index Component", 
as the case may be), which is affected by the Disrupted Day and the Substitute Commodity, Substitute 
Commodity Reference Price or Substitute Index Component, as the case may be, will be deemed to be 
a "Commodity", "Commodity Reference Price" or an "Index Component", as the case may be, for the 
purposes of the Securities, and the Calculation Agent will make such amendments to the Adjustable 
Terms as the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner 
determines appropriate to take account of the substitution, provided that in the event that any amount 
payable under the Securities was to be determined by reference to the initial price of the Commodity, 
the Commodity Reference Price or the Index Component, as the case may be, the initial price or level 
of each Substitute Commodity, Substitute Commodity Reference Price or Substitute Index 
Component, as the case may be, will be determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and 
in a commercially reasonable manner. 
In order to be selected as a Substitute Commodity, the Substitute Commodity shall be valued on the 
basis of a futures contract on similar terms to the Affected Commodity, relating to the same 
Commodity as the Affected Commodity and, if relevant, with a delivery date corresponding to the 
Affected Commodity. 
In order to be selected as a Substitute Commodity Reference Price, the Substitute Commodity 
Reference Price shall be a benchmark, price or quotation selected by the Calculation Agent, acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner and which in its determination is or will be used 
by market participants as a substitute for the Affected Commodity Reference Price. 
In order to be selected as a Substitute Index Component, the Substitute Index Component shall be an 
alternative futures contract or commodity index relating to a futures contract on similar terms to the 
Affected Index Component. 
Such substitution and the relevant adjustment(s) (if any) will be deemed to be effective as of the date 
selected by the Calculation Agent (the "Substitution Date") acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner which may, but need not, be the relevant date of the Disrupted Day. Such 
substitution will be notified to the Securityholders as soon as practicable after the Substitution Date in 
accordance with General Condition 12 (Notices). 
2. 
Adjustments to a Commodity Index 
2.1 
Successor Index Sponsor calculates and reports a Commodity Index 
If a relevant Commodity Index is (a) not calculated and announced by the Commodity Index Sponsor but is 
calculated and announced by a successor sponsor (the "Successor Index Sponsor") acceptable to the

--- Page 294 ---
Underlying Specific Conditions 
Commodity Linked Conditions
 
290 
 
Calculation Agent, or (b) replaced by a successor commodity index using, in the determination of the 
Calculation Agent, the same or a substantially similar formula for and method of calculation as used in the 
calculation of that Commodity Index, then in each case that commodity index (the "Successor Commodity 
Index") will be deemed to be the Commodity Index. 
2.2 
Modification and Cessation of Calculation of a Commodity Index 
If (a) on or prior to the last Underlying Valuation Date, the relevant Commodity Index Sponsor makes or 
announces that it will make a material change in the formula for or the method of calculating a relevant 
Commodity Index or in any other way materially modifies that Commodity Index (other than a modification 
prescribed in that formula or method to maintain the Commodity Index in the event of changes in constituent 
contracts or commodities and other routine events) (a "Commodity Index Modification"), or permanently 
cancels a relevant Commodity Index and no Successor Commodity Index exists (a "Commodity Index 
Cancellation"), or (b) on any Underlying Valuation Date, the Commodity Index Sponsor or (if applicable) the 
Successor Index Sponsor fails to calculate and announce a relevant Commodity Index (a "Commodity Index 
Disruption" and, together with a Commodity Index Modification and a Commodity Index Cancellation, each 
a "Commodity Index Adjustment Event"), then: 
(a) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine if such Commodity Index Adjustment Event has a material 
effect on the Securities and, if so, shall calculate the Relevant Level using, in lieu of a published level 
for that Commodity Index, the Commodity Fallback Value; or 
(b) 
the Issuer may, in its sole discretion, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, 
determine that this circumstance shall constitute a Special Circumstance. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Calculation Agent will adjust any relevant terms of the Securities as it 
determines appropriate to preserve the economic equivalent of the obligations of the Issuer under the 
Securities. 
2.3 
Notice of Adjustments 
Upon making any such adjustment pursuant to this Commodity Linked Condition 2, the Issuer and/or 
Calculation Agent shall give notice to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 12 (Notices), 
stating the relevant adjustment and giving brief details of the relevant event in respect of which such adjustment 
was made, provided that any failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of the relevant event or any 
action taken. 
3. 
Early Redemption in Special Circumstances, Illegality or Disruption Event 
In the event of a Special Circumstance, Illegality, Disruption Event or events that may be deemed or treated 
as a Special Circumstance, the Issuer may redeem the Securities by giving not less than fifteen (15) nor more 
than thirty (30) Business Days' irrevocable notice in accordance with General Condition 12 (Notices), in which 
case the Issuer shall redeem the Securities and cause to be paid to each Securityholder in respect of each 
Security held by it an amount equal to the Early Redemption Amount. The termination shall become valid on 
the day of the notice in accordance with General Condition 12 (Notices). 
4. 
Correction of Levels 
With the exception of any corrections published after the day which is three Scheduled Trading Days prior to 
the due date for any payment under the Securities, if the Commodity Reference Price published on a given day 
and used or to be used by the Calculation Agent to make any determination under the Securities is subsequently 
corrected and the correction published by the relevant Exchange or any other person responsible for the 
publication or announcement of the Commodity Reference Price within 30 calendar days of the original 
publication, the price to be used shall be the price of the relevant Commodity as so corrected. Corrections 
published after the day which is three Scheduled Trading Days prior to a due date for payment under the 
Securities will be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purposes of determining the relevant amount.

--- Page 295 ---
Underlying Specific Conditions 
Commodity Linked Conditions
 
291 
 
Any such determination or adjustment and the date of its first application shall be published in accordance 
with General Condition 12 (Notices). 
5. 
Rolling Futures Contract Securities 
If the applicable Issue Terms specify that the Securities are "Rolling Futures Contract Securities", the 
Commodity Reference Price in respect of the Securities will be valued by reference to rolling futures contracts 
each of which have delivery months that do not correspond with the term of the Securities. In such case, on or 
prior to the Issue Date, the Calculation Agent will select the relevant Futures Contract and for each following 
day until the Futures Rollover Date such futures contract will be the Futures Contract for the purposes of the 
Commodity Reference Price. On each Futures Rollover Date, the Calculation Agent will select another Futures 
Contract and such contract shall be the Futures Contract for the purposes of the Commodity Reference Price 
until the next occurring Futures Rollover Date. If on a Futures Rollover Date a Disrupted Day or a Commodity 
Index Adjustment Event occurs and it is impossible or materially impracticable for the Calculation Agent to 
select a Futures Contract and/or at such time hedge the Issuer's obligations in respect of the Securities then the 
provisions of Commodity Linked Conditions 1 (Consequences of Disrupted Days) and 2 (Adjustment Events), 
as applicable, shall apply to the Securities. 
6. 
Dislocation Event 
6.1 
Definitions 
"Dislocation Event" means that, on any Scheduled Trading Day after the Issue Date of the Securities, the 
Traded Price of a Relevant Futures Contract is less than or equal to the Dislocation Level. 
"Dislocation Level" means the level specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms or, if not so specified, 0 
(zero). 
"Relevant Futures Contract" means the Futures Contract or any other contract for future delivery of a 
contract size relating to the Commodity specified in the applicable Issue Terms traded on the Exchange 
irrespective of the expiry date of such contract. 
"Traded Price" means the published traded price in respect of a Relevant Futures Contract quoted at any time 
on the relevant futures or options exchange, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
6.2 
Consequences of a Dislocation Event 
If Dislocation Event is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms and, in the determination of the 
Calculation Agent, a Dislocation Event has occurred, the Issuer may, in its sole discretion, acting in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner, determine that this circumstance shall constitute a Special 
Circumstance. 
7. 
Definitions 
The following terms and conditions shall have the following meanings in respect of Commodity Linked 
Products, Hybrid Securities that include Commodity Linked Products as a component part and each 
Underlying which is a Commodity or Commodity Index: 
"Adjustable Terms" means each of the Initial Level, the formula for calculation the return of the relevant 
Commodity or Commodity Index, any other component or variable relevant for the determination of the price 
or return of the relevant Commodity or Commodity Index or the maturity consideration, as specified in the 
Issue Terms.  
"Basket Component" means each Commodity or Commodity Index composed within a basket of 
Underlyings. 
"Basket of Commodities" means a basket comprising two or more Commodities and/or Commodity Indices.

--- Page 296 ---
Underlying Specific Conditions 
Commodity Linked Conditions
 
292 
 
"Commodity" means, subject to an adjustment in accordance with the Commodity Linked Conditions, each 
commodity or futures contract on a commodity specified as such in the Issue Terms, and related expressions 
shall be construed accordingly. 
"Commodity Fallback Value" means: 
(a) 
in respect of any Commodity, the arithmetic mean of the quotations provided to the Calculation Agent 
by each of the Reference Dealers as its Commodity Reference Price for the relevant Underlying 
Valuation Date of the relevant Commodity, provided that if only three such quotations are so provided, 
the Commodity Fallback Value shall be the Commodity Reference Price remaining after disregarding 
the Commodity Reference Prices having the highest and lowest values (or if more than one such 
highest or lowest, one only of them). If fewer than three such quotations are so provided, it will be 
deemed that such value cannot be determined and the relevant value shall be the good faith estimate 
of the Calculation Agent; or 
(b) 
in respect of any Commodity Index or Basket of Commodities, the price for such Commodity Index 
or Basket of Commodities, as the case may be, in respect of the relevant Underlying Valuation Date 
determined by the Calculation Agent using the current applicable method of calculating such 
Commodity Index or the method for determining the value of the Basket of Commodities, as the case 
may be, as set out in the applicable Issue Terms using the price or level for each Index Component or 
Basket Component, as the case may be, determined as follows: 
(i) 
in respect of each Index Component or Basket Component, as the case may be, which is not 
affected by the Disrupted Day, the closing price or level or settlement price, as applicable, of 
such Index Component or Basket Component, as the case may be, on such Underlying Valuation 
Date; and 
(ii) 
in respect of each Index Component or Basket Component, as the case may be, which is affected 
by the Disrupted Day (each an "Affected Item"), the closing price or level or settlement price, 
as applicable, for such Affected Item on the first succeeding Underlying Valuation Date that is 
not a Disrupted Day, unless each of the number of consecutive Underlying Valuation Date equal 
to the Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Trading Day is a 
Disrupted Day. In that case, (i) the last such consecutive Underlying Valuation Date shall be 
deemed to be the Underlying Valuation Date for the Affected Item, notwithstanding the fact that 
such day is a Disrupted Day, and (ii) the Calculation Agent shall determine the price or level of 
such Affected Item based upon the price at which the Issuer is able to sell or otherwise realise 
any hedge positions in respect of the Securities during the period of five Business Days 
following the last such consecutive Underlying Valuation Date. 
"Commodity Index" means each index specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms or an index comprising 
one or more commodities, contracts for the future delivery of a commodity, indices linked to a single 
commodity or indices comprised of multiple commodities (each an "Index Component"). 
"Commodity Index Sponsor" means the entity specified in the relevant Issue Terms, and, if not specified, the 
corporation or other entity that, as determined by the Calculation Agent, (i) is responsible for setting and 
reviewing the rules and procedures and the methods of calculation and adjustments, if any, related to such 
Index, and (ii) announces (directly or through an agent) the level of such Index on a regular basis during each 
Scheduled Trading Day. 
"Commodity Reference Price" means, in respect of any Commodity or any Commodity Index, the Level 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Delivery Date" means, in respect of a Commodity Reference Price, the relevant date or month for delivery 
of the underlying Commodity (which must be a date or month reported or capable of being determined from 
information reported in or by the relevant Price Source) as follows: 
(a) 
if the Securities are not Rolling Futures Contract Securities:

--- Page 297 ---
Underlying Specific Conditions 
Commodity Linked Conditions
 
293 
 
(i) 
if a date is, or a month and year are, specified in the applicable Issue Terms, that date or that 
month and year; 
(ii) 
if a Nearby Month is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the month of expiration of the 
relevant Futures Contract; and 
(iii) 
if a method is specified in the applicable Issue Terms for the purpose of determining the Delivery 
Date, the date or the month and year determined pursuant to that method; 
(b) 
if the Securities are Rolling Futures Contract Securities, the delivery date for a futures contract selected 
by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner on the Futures 
Rollover Date or if none the Issue Date. 
"Disappearance of Commodity Reference Price" means (a) the permanent discontinuation of trading, in the 
relevant Futures Contract on the relevant Exchange or (b) the disappearance of, or of trading in, the relevant 
Commodity or Index Component or (c) the disappearance or permanent discontinuance or unavailability of a 
Commodity Reference Price, notwithstanding the availability of the related Price Source or the status of trading 
in the relevant Futures Contract, Commodity or Index Component.  
"Disrupted Day" means, in respect of a Commodity or Commodity Index, any Scheduled Trading Day on 
which (a) the Price Source fails to publish the level of the Commodity or Commodity Index, (b) a relevant 
Exchange or any Related Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular trading session or (c) on which 
a Market Disruption Event has occurred. 
"Exchange" means, in respect of a Commodity or Commodity Index, the exchange or principal trading market 
for such Commodity specified in the applicable Issue Terms or in the Commodity Reference Price and in the 
case of a Commodity Index, the exchange or principal trading market for each Index Component comprising 
such Commodity Index. 
"Futures Contract" means, in respect of a Commodity Reference Price, the contract for future delivery of a 
contract size in respect of the relevant Delivery Date relating to the Commodity referred to in that Commodity 
Reference Price. 
"Futures Rollover Date" means either: 
(a) 
the date specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms; or 
(b) 
the date selected by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner within the period ("Futures Rollover Period") specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Index Component Disruption Event" means: 
(a) 
the Commodity Reference Price published by the Price Source on any Underlying Valuation Date 
includes, or is derived from, a price for one or more Index Components published on any date between 
the Issue Date and such Underlying Valuation Date that is not a price published by the usual exchange 
or price source, but is a price determined by the Price Source; or 
(b) 
the Commodity Reference Price published by the Price Source on any Underlying Valuation Date 
includes, or is derived from, a price for one or more Index Components published by the usual 
exchange or price source on any date between the Issue Date and such Underlying Valuation Date that, 
in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, has been calculated or published subject to the occurrence of 
market disruption or similar, or otherwise not in accordance with the usual, then-current, method used 
by such exchange or price source. 
"Level" means, in respect of a Commodity or Commodity Index and any relevant day, one of the following as 
specified in the Issue Terms in respect of such Commodity or Commodity Index and such day: 
(a) 
the level of such Commodity Index;

--- Page 298 ---
Underlying Specific Conditions 
Commodity Linked Conditions
 
294 
 
(b) 
the high price; 
(c) 
the low price; 
(d) 
the average of the high price and the low price; 
(e) 
the closing price; 
(f) 
the opening price; 
(g) 
the bid price; 
(h) 
the asked price; 
(i) 
the average of the bid price and the asked price; 
(j) 
the settlement price; 
(k) 
the official settlement price; 
(l) 
the official price 
(m) 
the morning fixing; 
(n) 
the afternoon fixing; 
(o) 
the spot price; or 
(p) 
the arithmetic average of bid and offer prices at 5.30pm (CET) on the Underlying Valuation Date. 
"Limit Price Event" means that the settlement price of any Commodity or Index Component has increased or 
decreased from the previous day's published settlement price by an amount equal to the maximum amount 
permitted under the applicable exchange rules for such Commodity or Index Component. 
"Market Disruption Event" means, in respect of the relevant Commodity or Commodity Index and as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, the occurrence or existence of: 
(a) 
in the case of all Commodities and each Commodity Index, a Price Source Disruption, Trading 
Disruption, Disappearance of Commodity Reference Price, Limit Price Event; and in addition 
(b) 
in the case of each Commodity Index and all Commodities other than Gold, Silver, Platinum or 
Palladium, Material Change in Formula, Material Change in Content and/or Tax Disruption; and in 
addition 
(c) 
in the case of a Commodity Index, an Index Component Disruption Event. 
"Material Change in Content" means the occurrence since the Trade Date of a material change in the content, 
composition or constitution of the relevant Commodity or Futures Contract or, in the case of a Commodity 
Index, Index Component. 
"Material Change in Formula" means the occurrence since the Trade Date of a material change in the formula 
for or the method of calculating the relevant Commodity Reference Price or any Index Component used to 
calculate the Commodity Reference Price. 
"Maximum Days of Disruption" means, unless specified otherwise in the Issue Terms, five Scheduled 
Trading Days.  
"Nearby Month", when preceded by a numerical adjective, means, in respect of a Delivery Date and an 
Underlying Valuation Date, the month of expiration of the Futures Contract identified by that numerical

--- Page 299 ---
Underlying Specific Conditions 
Commodity Linked Conditions
 
295 
 
adjective, so that, for example, (a) "First Nearby Month" means the month of expiration of the first Futures 
Contract to expire following that Underlying Valuation Date; (b) "Second Nearby Month" means the month 
of expiration of the second Futures Contract to expire following that Underlying Valuation Date; and (c) "Sixth 
Nearby Month" means the month of expiration of the sixth Futures Contract to expire following that 
Underlying Valuation Date. 
"Price Source" means, in respect of a Commodity Reference Price, the price source, providing the relevant 
price of the Commodity or Commodity Index, specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Price Source Disruption" means (a) the failure of the Price Source to announce or publish the Commodity 
Reference Price (or the information necessary for determining the Commodity Reference Price) or (b) the 
temporary or permanent discontinuance or unavailability of the Price Source. 
"Reference Dealers" means four leading dealers in the relevant Commodities market selected by the 
Calculation Agent. 
"Related Exchange(s)" means, in respect of a Commodity or Commodity Index, each exchange or quotation 
system, any successor to such exchange or quotation system or any substitute exchange or quotation system 
where trading has a material effect (as determined by the Calculation Agent in its reasonable discretion) on the 
overall market for futures contracts or options contracts relating to such Commodity or Commodity Index. 
"Relevant Level" means, in respect of a Commodity or Commodity Index, a level for such Commodity or 
Commodity Index (in the latter case, as determined and published by the Commodity Index Sponsor) which is 
relevant for the Securities. 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means 
(a) 
in respect of a Commodity or a Commodity Index: 
(i) 
where the Level for the relevant Commodity or Commodity Index is announced or published by 
an Exchange, any day that is (or, but for the occurrence of a Market Disruption Event, would 
have been) a day on which each relevant Exchange is open for trading during its regular trading 
sessions and notwithstanding any such Exchange closing prior to its scheduled closing time; or 
(ii) 
a day in respect of which the relevant Price Source published (or, but for the occurrence of a 
Market Disruption Event, would have published) a price for the relevant Commodity or 
Commodity Index; or 
(b) 
in the case of a Basket of Commodities, a day on which the Commodity Reference Price in respect of 
all of the Basket Components is scheduled to be published or announced in accordance with (i) and 
(a)(ii). 
"Scheduled Underlying Valuation Date" means, in respect of an Underlying Valuation Date, the original 
relevant date that, but for the occurrence of an event causing a Disrupted Day, would have been such 
Underlying Valuation Date. 
"Special Circumstance" has the meaning given to that term in General Condition 4.5 (Early Redemption for 
Special Circumstance), unless modified in these Underlying Specific Conditions. 
"Tax Disruption" means the imposition of, change in or removal of an excise, severance, sales, use, value-
added, transfer, stamp, documentary, recording or similar tax on, or measured by reference to, the relevant 
Commodity, or in the case of a Commodity Index or any Index Component (other than a tax on, or measured 
by reference to overall gross or net income) by any government or taxation authority after the Trade Date, if 
the direct effect of such imposition, change or removal is to raise or lower the Relevant Level on the day that 
would otherwise be an Underlying Valuation Date from what it would have been without that imposition, 
change or removal.

--- Page 300 ---
Underlying Specific Conditions 
Commodity Linked Conditions
 
296 
 
"Trading Disruption" means the material suspension of, or the material limitation imposed on, trading in the 
relevant Futures Contract or the Commodity or, in the case of a Commodity Index, Index Component on the 
Exchange or in any additional futures contract, options contract, commodity index or commodity on any 
Exchange as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. For these purposes: 
(a) 
a suspension of the trading in the Futures Contract, Commodity or Index Component, as the case may 
be, on any Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be material only if: 
(i) 
all trading in the Futures Contract, Commodity or Index Component, as the case may be, is 
suspended for the entire Underlying Valuation Date; or 
(ii) 
all trading in the Futures Contract, Commodity or Index Component, as the case may be, is 
suspended subsequent to the opening of trading on the Underlying Valuation Date, trading does 
not recommence prior to the regularly scheduled close of trading in such Futures Contract, 
Commodity or Index Component, as the case may be, on such Underlying Valuation Date and 
such suspension is announced less than one hour preceding its commencement; and 
(b) 
a limitation of trading in the relevant Futures Contract, Commodity or Index Component, as the case 
may be, on any Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be material only if the relevant Exchange 
establishes limits on the range within which the price of the relevant Futures Contract, Commodity or 
Index Component, as the case may be, may fluctuate and the closing or settlement price of the relevant 
Futures Contract, Commodity or Index Component, as the case may be, on such day is at the upper or 
lower limit of that range. 
"Underlying Valuation Date" means each of the following (a) each Automatic Early Redemption Valuation 
Date, (b) Coupon Valuation Date, (c) Redemption Valuation Date, (d) Strike Date and (e) each other relevant 
date on which the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent is required under the Conditions to determine the level of a 
Commodity, in each case, subject to adjustment in accordance with the Commodity Linked Conditions.

--- Page 301 ---
Underlying Specific Conditions 
Fund Linked Conditions
 
297 
 
FUND LINKED CONDITIONS 
 
The provisions of these Fund Linked Conditions shall apply to Fund Linked Products and Hybrid Securities 
that include Fund Linked products as a component part, in accordance with the related elections made in the 
Issue Terms, in respect of each Underlying which is a Fund. 
1. 
Extraordinary Fund Events 
1.1 
Determination of an Extraordinary Fund Event 
The Calculation Agent will determine if an Extraordinary Fund Event has occurred acting in good faith and in 
a commercially reasonable manner. Where the occurrence of an event or set of circumstances is capable of 
triggering more than one Extraordinary Fund Event, the Issuer may determine which Extraordinary Fund Event 
is to be triggered. 
In considering whether the occurrence of an event or set of circumstances triggers an Extraordinary Fund 
Event, the Calculation Agent may have regard to the combined effect, from the Trade Date, of any event or set 
of circumstances, as the case may be, if such event or set of circumstances occurs more than once. 
"Extraordinary Fund Event" means the occurrence or continuance at any time on or after the Trade Date of 
any of the following events as determined by the Calculation Agent: 
Global Events 
(a) 
the Fund or any Fund Service Provider (i) ceases trading and/or, in the case of a Fund Service Provider, 
ceases administration, portfolio management, investment services, custodian, prime brokerage, or any 
other relevant business (as applicable) (ii) is dissolved or has a resolution passed, or there is any 
proposal, for its dissolution, winding-up, official liquidation (other than pursuant to a consolidation, 
amalgamation or merger); (iii) makes a general assignment or arrangement with or for the benefit of 
its creditors; (iv)(1) institutes or has instituted against it, by a regulator, supervisor or any similar 
official with primary insolvency, rehabilitative or regulatory jurisdiction over it in the jurisdiction of 
its incorporation or organisation or the jurisdiction of its head or home office, a proceeding seeking a 
judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or 
other similar law affecting creditors' rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation 
by it or such regulator, supervisor or similar official, or (2) has instituted against it a proceeding seeking 
a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or 
other similar law affecting creditors' rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation, 
and such proceeding or petition is instituted or presented by a person or entity not described in sub-
clause (iv)(1) above and either (x) results in a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of an 
order for relief or the making of an order for its winding-up or liquidation or (y) is not immediately 
dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained; (v) seeks or becomes subject to the appointment of an 
administrator, provisional liquidator, conservator, receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official 
for it or for all or substantially all its assets; (vi) has a secured party take possession of all or 
substantially all its assets or has a distress, execution, attachment, sequestration or other legal process 
levied, enforced or sued on or against all or substantially all its assets and such secured party maintains 
possession, or any such process is not immediately dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained; or (vii) 
causes or is subject to any event with respect to it which, under the applicable laws of any jurisdiction, 
has an effect analogous to any of the events specified in sub-clauses (i) to (vi) above; or 
(b) 
the occurrence of a Merger Event or Tender Offer;

--- Page 302 ---
Underlying Specific Conditions 
Fund Linked Conditions
 
298 
 
Litigation/Fraudulent Activity Events 
(c) 
there exists any litigation against the Fund or a Fund Service Provider which the Calculation Agent 
determines, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, could materially affect the 
value of the Fund Shares or the rights or remedies of any investor in such Fund Shares; or 
(d) 
(i) an allegation of criminal or fraudulent activity is made in respect of the Fund, or any Fund Service 
Provider, or any employee of any such entity, or the Calculation Agent reasonably determines that any 
such criminal or fraudulent activity has occurred, or (ii) any investigative, judicial, administrative or 
other civil or criminal proceedings is commenced or is threatened against the Fund, any Fund Service 
Provider or any key personnel of such entities if such allegation, determination, suspicion or 
proceedings could, in the determination of the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and a 
commercially reasonable manner, materially affect the value of the Fund Shares or the rights or 
remedies of any investor in such Fund Shares; 
Fund Service Provider/Key Person Events 
(e) 
(i) a Fund Service Provider ceases to act in such capacity in relation to the Fund and is not immediately 
replaced in such capacity by a successor acceptable to the Calculation Agent and/or (ii) any event 
occurs which causes, or will with the passage of time (in the opinion of the Calculation Agent) cause, 
the failure of the Fund and/or any Fund Service Provider to meet or maintain any obligation or 
undertaking under the Fund Documents which failure has had or may have an adverse impact on: (A) 
the value of the Fund Shares and/or on the rights and/or remedies of any investor in such Fund Shares 
or (B) the hedging implemented by the Hedge Entity and/or on the rights and/or remedies of the Hedge 
Entity; or 
(f) 
one or more of the key individuals involved with, or having supervision over, the Fund or a Fund 
Service Provider ceases to act in such capacity, and the relevant Fund Service Provider fails to appoint 
a replacement having similar qualifications to those of the key individual or individuals ceasing to act; 
Modification Events 
(g) 
a material modification of or deviation from any of the investment objectives, investment restrictions, 
investment process or investment guidelines of the Fund (howsoever described, including the 
underlying type of assets in which the Fund invests), from those set out in the Fund Documents, or any 
announcement regarding a potential modification or deviation, except where such modification or 
deviation is of a formal, minor or technical nature; 
(h) 
a material modification, cancellation or disappearance (howsoever described), or any announcement 
regarding a potential future material modification, cancellation or disappearance (howsoever 
described), of the type of assets (i) in which the Fund invests, or (ii) the Fund purports to track; 
(i) 
a material modification or material deviation, or any announcement regarding a potential future 
material modification or material deviation, of the Fund (including but not limited to a material 
modification of or material deviation from the Fund Documents or a material modification to or 
material deviation from the Fund's liquidity terms) other than a modification, deviation or event which 
does not affect the Fund Shares or the Fund or any portfolio of assets to which the Fund Share relates 
(either alone or in common with other Fund Shares issued by the Fund); 
(j) 
the creation by the Fund of any illiquid share class or unit howsoever described; 
(k) 
the currency denomination of the Fund Shares is amended from that set out in the Fund Documents so 
that the NAV per Fund Share is no longer calculated in the same currency as it was as at the Trade 
Date; 
(l) 
if applicable, the Fund ceases to be an undertaking for collective investments under the legislation of 
its relevant jurisdiction; or

--- Page 303 ---
Underlying Specific Conditions 
Fund Linked Conditions
 
299 
 
(m) 
following the issue or creation of a new class or series (howsoever described in the Fund Documents) 
of shares or units by the Fund, the Calculation Agent determines taking into consideration the potential 
cross-liability between classes of shares or units (howsoever described in the Fund Documents) that 
such new class or series has or may have an adverse effect on the hedging activities of the Hedge Entity 
in relation to the Securities;  
NAV per Fund Share/AUM Level Events 
(n) 
a material modification of the method of calculating the NAV per Fund Share; 
(o) 
any change in the periodicity of the calculation or the publication of the NAV per Fund Share; 
(p) 
any suspension of the calculation or publication of the NAV per Fund Share; 
(q) 
the occurrence of any event affecting a Fund Share that the Calculation Agent determines, acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, would make it impossible or impracticable for 
the Calculation Agent to determine the NAV per Fund Share; 
(r) 
any of the Fund, any Fund Service Provider or any other party acting on behalf of the Fund fails for 
any reason to calculate and publish the NAV per Fund Share within the Number of NAV Publication 
Days following any date scheduled for the determination of the valuation of the Fund Shares unless 
the cause of such failure to publish is of a technical nature and outside the immediate and direct control 
of the entity responsible for such publication; 
(s) 
any Fund Service Provider uses asset prices provided by the investment manager (howsoever described 
in the Fund Documents) to calculate the NAV per Fund Share when such asset prices could have been 
obtained from independent sources and the asset prices from independent sources materially diverge 
from the asset prices provided by the investment manager (howsoever described in the Fund 
Documents); 
(t) 
the assets under management of the Fund falls below the AUM Level; 
(u) 
(i) the Calculation Agent determines, at any time, that the NAV per Fund Share is inaccurate, or (ii) the 
reported net asset value of the Fund Shares misrepresents the net asset value of the Fund Shares; 
(v) 
if NAV Trigger Event is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, a NAV Trigger Event 
occurs; 
(w) 
if Volatility Trigger Event is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, a Volatility Trigger 
Event occurs; 
(x) 
(i) in the case of a Hedge Fund only, the audited net asset value of the Fund and/or the NAV per Fund 
Share is different from the audited net asset value of the Fund and/or the NAV per Fund Share 
communicated by the relevant Fund Service Provider in respect of the same date, (ii) the auditors of 
the Fund qualify any audit report, or refuse to provide an unqualified audit report, in respect of the 
Fund, and/or (iii) the Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, 
does not deem the audited net asset value of the Fund and/or the NAV per Fund Share to be 
representative of the actual net asset value of the Fund and/or the NAV per Fund Share; or 
Reporting Events 
(y) 
any failure of the Fund, or its authorised representative, to deliver or publish, or cause to be delivered 
or published, (A)(i) information that the Fund has agreed to deliver or publish, or agreed to cause to 
be delivered or published, to the Calculation Agent, (ii) information of a type that has been previously 
delivered to the Calculation Agent, or (iii) information that the Calculation Agent may reasonably 
request, in each case, in accordance with the Fund's, or its authorised representative's, normal practice 
and that the Calculation Agent deems necessary or desirable for it to monitor such Fund's compliance 
with any investment guidelines, asset allocation methodologies or any other similar policies relating

--- Page 304 ---
Underlying Specific Conditions 
Fund Linked Conditions
 
300 
 
to the Fund Share or (B)(i) information that the Fund has agreed to deliver or publish, or agreed to 
cause to be delivered or published, to the Hedge Entity, (ii) information of a type that has been 
previously delivered to the Hedge Entity, or (iii) information that the Hedge Entity may reasonably 
request, in each case, in accordance with the Fund's, or its authorised representative's, normal practice 
and that the Hedge Entity deems necessary or desirable for it to monitor such Fund's compliance with 
any investment guidelines, asset allocation methodologies or any other similar policies relating to the 
Fund Share; 
(z) 
any Fund Service Provider fails to provide (A) the Calculation Agent within a reasonable time and in 
a format acceptable to the Calculation Agent any information that the Calculation Agent has 
reasonably requested regarding the investment portfolio or other activities or undertakings of the Fund 
or that may be required for the Calculation Agent to comply with its regulatory obligations or (B) the 
Hedge Entity within a reasonable time and in a format acceptable to the Hedge Entity any information 
that the Hedge Entity has reasonably requested regarding the investment portfolio or other activities 
or undertakings of the Fund or that may be required for the Hedge Entity to comply with its regulatory 
obligations; or 
(aa) 
any failure of the Fund, its authorised representative or any Fund Service Provider, as the case may 
be, to (A) make publicly available, either on a voluntary basis or as required by applicable laws and 
regulations, FRTB Information or (B)(i) provide the Issuer and/or the Calculation Agent with FRTB 
Information, which in each case, would be reasonably likely to result in the Issuer and/or the 
Calculation Agent or any of their affiliates incurring materially increased capital requirements (as 
compared to the Trade Date) in respect of its holding of any Fund Shares pursuant to the OSFI's 
Guideline for Capital Adequacy Requirements or (ii) provide any Hedge Entity with FRTB 
Information, which in each case, would be reasonably likely to result in any Hedge Entity or any of 
their affiliates incurring materially increased capital requirements (as compared to the Trade Date) in 
respect of its holding of any Fund Shares pursuant to the OSFI's Guideline for Capital Adequacy 
Requirements; 
Tax/Law/Accounting/Regulatory Events 
(bb) 
there is a change in or in the official interpretation or administration of any laws or regulations relating 
to taxation that has or is likely to have a material adverse effect on any hedging arrangements entered 
into by any Hedge Entity in respect of the Securities (a "Tax Event") and, subject as provided below, 
the Hedge Entity has, for a period of one calendar month following the day the relevant Tax Event 
became known to it, used reasonable efforts to mitigate the material adverse effect of the Tax Event 
by seeking to transfer such hedging arrangements to an affiliated company, provided that the Hedge 
Entity shall not under any circumstances be obliged to take any steps which would result in sustaining 
a loss or expense of any kind and the period set out above for such mitigation shall be deemed satisfied 
on any date it is or becomes apparent at any time that there is no practicable means of mitigating the 
Tax Event; or 
(cc) 
(i) any relevant activities of or in relation to the Fund or a Fund Service Provider are or become 
unlawful, illegal or otherwise prohibited in whole or in part as a result of compliance with any present 
or future law, regulation, judgment, order or directive of any governmental, administrative, legislative 
or judicial authority or power, or in the interpretation thereof, in any applicable jurisdiction (including, 
but not limited to, any cancellation, suspension or revocation of the registration or approval of the 
Fund by any governmental, legal or regulatory entity with authority over the Fund), (ii) a relevant 
authorisation or licence is revoked, lapses or is under review by a competent authority in respect of 
the Fund or a Fund Service Provider or new conditions are imposed, or existing conditions varied, with 
respect to any such authorisation or licence, (iii) the Fund is required by a competent authority to 
redeem any Fund Shares, (iv) the Hedge Entity is required by a competent authority or any other 
relevant entity to dispose of or compulsorily redeem any Fund Shares held in connection with any 
hedging arrangements relating to the Securities and/or (v) any change in the legal, tax, accounting or 
regulatory treatment of the Fund or any Fund Service Provider that is reasonably likely to have an

--- Page 305 ---
Underlying Specific Conditions 
Fund Linked Conditions
 
301 
 
adverse impact on the value of the Fund Shares or other activities or undertakings of the Fund or on 
the rights or remedies of any investor in such Fund Shares, including any Hedge Entity;  
Hedging/Impracticality/Increased Costs Events 
(dd) 
in connection with any hedging activities in relation to the Securities, as a result of any adoption of, or 
any change in, any law, order, regulation, decree or notice, howsoever described, after the Trade Date, 
or issuance of any directive or promulgation of, or any change in the interpretation, whether formal or 
informal, by any court, tribunal, regulatory authority or similar administrative or judicial body of any 
law, order, regulation, decree or notice, howsoever described, after such date or as a result of any other 
relevant event (each a "Relevant Event") (i) it would become unlawful or impractical for the Hedge 
Entity to hold (including, without limitation, circumstances requiring the Hedge Entity to modify any 
reserve, special deposit, or similar requirement or that would adversely affect the amount or cost of 
regulatory capital that would have to be maintained in respect of any holding of Fund Shares or that 
would subject a holder of the Fund Shares or the Hedge Entity to any loss), purchase or sell the relevant 
Fund Shares or any underlying assets of or related to the Fund or for the Hedge Entity to maintain such 
hedging arrangements and, (ii) subject as provided below, the Hedge Entity has, for a period of one 
calendar week following the day the Relevant Event became known to it, used reasonable efforts to 
mitigate the effect of the Relevant Event by seeking to transfer such hedging arrangements to an 
affiliated company, provided that the Hedge Entity shall not under any circumstances be obliged to 
take any steps which would result in sustaining a loss or expense of any kind and the period of one 
calendar week set out above shall be deemed satisfied on any date it is or becomes at any time apparent 
that there is no practicable means of mitigating the Relevant Event; 
(ee) 
in connection with the hedging activities in relation to the Securities, if the cost to the Hedge Entity in 
relation to the Securities and the related hedging arrangements (including, but not limited to, new or 
increased taxes, duties, expenses or fees (or the combined effect thereof if occurring more than once)) 
would be materially increased or the Hedge Entity would be subject to a material loss relating to the 
Securities and the related hedging arrangements; 
(ff) 
in connection with the hedging activities in relation to the Securities, the Hedge Entity is unable or it 
becomes impractical for the Hedge Entity, to (i) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, 
unwind or dispose of any transaction or asset it deems necessary to hedge the Issuer's obligations under 
the Securities or (ii) to realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction or asset, including, 
without limitation, where such inability or impracticability has arisen by reason of (A) any restrictions 
or increase in charges or fees imposed by the Fund on any investor's ability to redeem a Fund Share, 
in whole or in part, or any existing or new investor's ability to make new or additional investments in 
such Fund Share, or (B) any mandatory redemption, in whole or in part, of such Fund Share; 
(gg) 
at any time on or after the Trade Date of the first issue of the Series, the Hedge Entity directly or 
indirectly acquires any ownership interest in or sponsors a covered fund that is not subject to an 
exemption under 12 U.S.C. §1851 (the "U.S. Volcker Rule"); 
(hh) 
at any time on or after the Trade Date, the Issuer and/or any of its affiliates would incur an increased 
(as compared with circumstances existing on the Trade Date) amount of tax, duty, capital and/or 
funding costs, expense or fee (other than brokerage commissions) to maintain the Securities; or 
(ii) 
at any time on or after the Trade Date of the first issue of the Series, (i) the Hedge Entity unintentionally 
acquires directly or indirectly any ownership interest in a Fund that exceeds 10 per cent. of the total 
assets under management or (ii) as a consequence of changes in the performance, size, investment 
strategy or liquidity of a Fund, the Hedge Entity holds an ownership interest in such Fund that exceeds 
10 per cent. of the total assets under management;

--- Page 306 ---
Underlying Specific Conditions 
Fund Linked Conditions
 
302 
 
Dealing Events 
(jj) 
(i) the non-execution or partial-execution by the Fund for any reason of a subscription or redemption 
order in respect of any Fund Shares (including any non-execution by the Fund pending completion of 
its fiscal audit) (ii) the Fund suspends or refuses transfers of any of its Fund Shares (including, without 
limitation, if the Fund applies any gating, deferral, suspension or other similar provisions permitting 
the Fund to delay or refuse redemption or transfer of Fund Shares), (iii) the Fund imposes in whole or 
in part any restriction (including, without limitation, any redemption in specie), charge or fee in respect 
of a redemption or subscription of its Fund Shares by the Hedge Entity or exercises its right to claw 
back the proceeds already paid on redeemed Fund Shares, if in any case it could in the determination 
of the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner have an adverse 
impact on the Hedge Entity's rights or obligations in relation to its hedging activities in relation to the 
Securities, or (iv) a mandatory redemption, in whole or in part, of the Fund Shares is imposed by the 
Fund on any one or more holders of Fund Shares at any time for any reason; 
Miscellaneous Events 
(kk) 
in the case of Securities linked to a Fund Basket or a Fund Index and if Basket Trigger Event is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, a Basket Trigger Event occurs; 
(ll) 
the Fund or any Fund Service Provider defaults under, materially modifies, or terminates any rebate 
agreements, fee agreements, financial arrangements or other similar agreements in place with the 
Issuer, the Hedge Entity or any of its affiliates; 
(mm) if the Fund is part of an umbrella structure with more than one sub-fund, a cross-contamination or 
other failure to segregate the portfolio of assets held by the Fund occurs between different series, 
classes and/or sub-funds; 
(nn) 
any security granted by the Fund or any Fund Service Provider over any of its assets is enforced or 
becomes capable of being enforced or any arrangement which in the determination of the Calculation 
Agent is comparable to security over any such assets (including without limitation any repo or prime 
brokerage arrangement) becomes enforceable or capable of early termination or any derivatives, repo, 
securities lending or other trading or dealing arrangement relating to the assets of the Fund becomes 
enforceable or terminable early by reason of any event of default (howsoever described) relating to the 
Fund or the relevant Fund Service Provider; or 
(oo) 
the long-term unsecured, unsubordinated and unguaranteed debt rating assigned to any Fund Service 
Provider or any parent company (howsoever described) of the Fund, by Moody's Investors Service 
Inc., or any successor to the ratings business thereof ("Moody's"), and/or Standard and Poor's Rating 
Group (a division of McGraw-Hill, Inc.), or any successor to the ratings business thereof ("S&P"), is 
downgraded below A (S&P) or A2 (Moody's) and/or the short-term unsecured, unsubordinated and 
unguaranteed debt rating assigned to any Fund Service Provider by Moody's or S&P is downgraded 
below A-1 (S&P) or P-1 (Moody's). 
References solely in this Fund Linked Condition 1.1 to: 
(i) 
"Fund" shall include the Fund and any funds in which it invests any of its investible assets 
from time to time; and  
(ii) 
"Fund Shares" shall include the Fund Shares and the shares or units in any Fund (as defined 
in paragraph (i) above). 
The Issue Terms will specify the applicable Extraordinary Events appliable to the Notes, provided that:

--- Page 307 ---
Underlying Specific Conditions 
Fund Linked Conditions
 
303 
 
(i) 
 if "All" is specified in the Issue Terms, all of the events listed in this Fund Linked Condition 
1.1 will constitute an Extraordinary Fund Event, 
(ii) 
if specific events are listed, only such events will constitute an Extraordinary Fund Event, and  
(iii) 
if SC/FM Fund Events is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, all events other 
than the events described in Fund Linked Conditions 1.1(e)(ii)(e)(B), 1.1(m), 1.1(q), 1.1(y)(B), 
1.1(z)(B), 1.1(aa)(B)(ii), 1.1(bb), 1.1(cc)(iv), 1.1(cc)(v), 1.1(dd), 1.1(ee), 1.1(ff), 1.1(gg), 
1.1(hh), 1.1(ii), 1.1(jj)(iii) and 1.1(ll) will constitute an Extraordinary Fund Event, 
in each case subject to specific other specifications in the Issue Terms. 
1.2 
Consequences of an Extraordinary Fund Event 
(a) 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Extraordinary Fund Event has occurred, the Calculation 
Agent shall give notice (an "Extraordinary Fund Event Notice") to the Securityholders in 
accordance with General Condition 12 (Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable), of the occurrence 
of such Extraordinary Fund Event (the date on which an Extraordinary Fund Event Notice is given, an 
"Extraordinary Fund Event Notification Date") as soon as reasonably practicable following the 
determination of an Extraordinary Fund Event. The Extraordinary Fund Event Notice shall set out, if 
determined at that time, the action that the Issuer has determined to take in respect of the Extraordinary 
Fund Event pursuant to Fund Linked Condition 1.2(b) (in the case of a Fund that is not a Fund Index 
Component) or Fund Linked Condition 1.2(b) (in the case of a Fund that is a Fund Index Component). 
Where the action that the Issuer has determined to take is not, for whatever reason, set out in the 
Extraordinary Fund Event Notice, the action that the Issuer has determined to take shall be set out in 
a subsequent notice given to Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 12 (Notices) as 
soon as reasonably practicable after the Extraordinary Fund Event Notification Date. 
Neither the Issuer nor the Calculation Agent shall be responsible for any loss, underperformance or 
opportunity cost suffered or incurred by any Securityholder or any other person in connection with the 
Securities as a result of any delay in notifying Securityholders of the occurrence of an Extraordinary 
Fund Event, howsoever arising. If the Calculation Agent gives an Extraordinary Fund Event Notice, 
the Issuer shall have no obligation to make any payment or delivery in respect of the Securities until 
the Issuer has determined the action that it has determined to take pursuant to Fund Linked Condition 
1.2(b). 
(b) 
In the case of a Fund that is not a Fund Index Component, following the occurrence of an Extraordinary 
Fund Event, the Issuer may take the action described below provided that, if the Calculation Agent 
determines that an Extraordinary Fund Event has occurred or is continuing on the Delayed Payment 
Cut-off Date, the Issuer shall determine that the action to be taken in respect of the Extraordinary Fund 
Event is Special Circumstance. 
(i) 
Adjustment 
If the Issuer determines that the action to be taken in respect of the Extraordinary Fund Event 
is to be "Adjustment", then the Calculation Agent may determine, acting in good faith and in 
a commercially reasonable manner, the appropriate adjustment(s), if any, to be made to the 
Adjustable Terms to take account of the Extraordinary Fund Event and determine the effective 
date of such adjustment. 
(ii) 
Substitution 
If the Issuer determines that the action in respect of the Extraordinary Fund Event is to be 
"Substitution", the Calculation Agent shall: 
(A) 
determine the weighted average price at which a Hypothetical Investor can redeem the 
Fund Shares in the relevant Fund (the "Affected Fund") in such number as determined

--- Page 308 ---
Underlying Specific Conditions 
Fund Linked Conditions
 
304 
 
by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner as soon as it is reasonably practicable following the Extraordinary Fund Event; 
(B) 
for a period of no longer than 14 calendar days following the date on which a 
Hypothetical Investor would have received proceeds from a redemption order in full 
submitted by the Hedge Entity as soon as practicable following the occurrence of an 
Extraordinary Fund Event, use reasonable efforts to substitute the Fund Shares with 
shares, units or other similar interests in an alternative fund which, in the 
determination of the Calculation Agent (acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner), has similar characteristics to the Affected Fund, including but not 
limited to, comparable investment objectives, investment restrictions and investment 
processes and has service providers acceptable to the Calculation Agent; 
(C) 
if no alternative fund can be determined pursuant to the preceding sub-paragraph (B) 
above, use reasonable efforts to substitute the Fund with an index (or a fund tracking 
such index) selected by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner; and 
(D) 
following any substitution in accordance with sub-paragraph (B) or (C) above, the 
Issuer may require the Calculation Agent make such determinations and/or 
adjustments to the Adjustable Terms as it determines to be appropriate to take account 
of such Substitution. 
(iii) 
Special Circumstance 
The Issuer may, in its sole discretion, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner, determine that the relevant event shall constitute a Special Circumstance. 
(c) 
In the case of a Fund that is a Fund Index Component, following the occurrence of an Extraordinary 
Fund Event, the Issuer may take the action described below: 
(i) 
if the Extraordinary Fund Event occurs or is subsisting on an Underlying Valuation Date, 
require the Calculation Agent to determine the relevant index level and the Settlement Price 
for such date using the NAV per Fund Share for each Fund Index Component comprising the 
relevant Fund Index in accordance with (A) and (B) below in accordance with the formula for 
and method of calculating the index level on the date on which the Extraordinary Fund Event 
occurs; 
(A) 
with respect to each Fund Index Component which is not affected by an Extraordinary 
Fund Event, the index level will be calculated using the NAV per Fund Share of such 
Fund Index Component on the relevant Underlying Valuation Date; and 
(B) 
with respect to each Fund Index Component which is affected by an Extraordinary 
Fund Event (each an "Affected Fund Index Component"), the index level will be 
calculated using the NAV per Fund Share of such Fund Index Component on the first 
Fund Business Day following the relevant Underlying Valuation Date on which no 
Extraordinary Fund Event occurs or is subsisting with respect to the Affected Fund 
Index Component, unless an Extraordinary Fund Event in respect of the Affected Fund 
Index Component is occurring for the number of consecutive Fund Business Days 
equal to the Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the relevant 
Underlying Valuation Date. In that case the last such consecutive Fund Business Day 
shall be deemed to be the Underlying Valuation Date for the Affected Fund Index 
Component, notwithstanding the Extraordinary Fund Event and the Calculation Agent 
will determine the price of the Affected Fund Index Component based upon the price 
at which a Hypothetical Investor can sell or otherwise realise any hedge positions in

--- Page 309 ---
Underlying Specific Conditions 
Fund Linked Conditions
 
305 
 
respect of an Affected Fund Index Component during the period of five Fund Business 
Days following such Underlying Valuation Date;  
(ii) 
require the Calculation Agent to use reasonable efforts to substitute the Fund Index that 
includes the Affected Fund Index Component (the "Affected Fund Index") with an alternative 
fund index which, in the determination of the Calculation Agent (acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner) measures the same (or a substantially similar, market or 
economic reality as the Affected Fund Index, including, but not limited to, the method of 
calculation; or 
(iii) 
the Issuer may, in its sole discretion, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner, determine that this circumstance shall constitute a Special Circumstance. 
(d) 
In determining to take a particular action as a result of an Extraordinary Fund Event, the Issuer will 
consider the reasonable interests of Securityholders. In making any determination as to which action 
to take following the occurrence of an Extraordinary Fund Event, neither the Issuer nor the Calculation 
Agent shall be responsible for any loss (including any liability in respect of loss of interest), 
underperformance or opportunity cost suffered or incurred by Securityholders or any other person in 
connection with the Securities as a result thereof, howsoever arising including as a result of any delay 
in making any payment or delivery in respect of the Securities. 
2. 
Fund Index Adjustment Event 
If (a) on or prior to any Underlying Valuation Date, the relevant Fund Index Sponsor makes or announces that 
it will make a material change in the formula for or the method of calculating a relevant Fund Index or in any 
other way materially modifies that Fund Index (other than a modification prescribed in that formula or method 
to maintain the Fund Index in the event of changes in the Fund Index Components and other routine events) 
(a "Fund Index Modification"), or permanently cancels a relevant Fund Index and no successor Fund Index 
exists (a "Fund Index Cancellation"), or (b) on any Underlying Valuation Date, the Fund Index Sponsor or 
(if applicable) the successor Fund Index Sponsor fails to calculate and announce a relevant Fund Index (a 
"Fund Index Disruption" and, together with a Fund Index Modification and a Fund Index Cancellation, each 
a "Fund Index Adjustment Event"), then: 
(a) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine if such Fund Index Adjustment Event has a material effect on 
the Securities and, if so, shall calculate the relevant value, level or price using, in lieu of a published 
level for that Fund Index, the level for that Fund Index on such Underlying Valuation Date, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula for and method of calculating 
that Fund Index last in effect prior to the change, failure or cancellation, but using only those Fund 
Index Components that comprised that Fund Index immediately prior to that Fund Index Adjustment 
Event; or 
(b) 
the Calculation Agent may use commercially reasonable efforts to select a successor fund index which 
in its opinion, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner measures the same (or a 
substantially similar) market or economic reality as the original Fund Index and, upon selection of 
such fund index, the Calculation Agent shall promptly notify the Holders in accordance with General 
Condition 12 (Notices) and such fund index will be deemed to be the "Fund Index" for the purpose of 
the Securities and the Calculation Agent will make such adjustment, if any, to the Adjustable Terms 
as it (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) determines appropriate to take 
account of the substitution; or 
(c) 
the Calculation Agent may determine acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner 
such other appropriate adjustments to the Adjustable Terms, if any, to be made to the terms of the 
Securities to account for the Fund Index Adjustment Event and determine the effective date of those 
adjustments; or

--- Page 310 ---
Underlying Specific Conditions 
Fund Linked Conditions
 
306 
 
(d) 
the Issuer may, in its sole discretion, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, 
determine that this circumstance shall constitute a Special Circumstance; or 
(e) 
in the case of a Fund Index Modification which occurs on the last Underlying Valuation Date only, 
the Calculation Agent may elect to calculate the level of the Fund Index, using in lieu of the published 
level for the Fund Index as of the Underlying Valuation Date the level of the Fund Index as of that 
date determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula for and method of calculating 
the Fund Index last in effect prior to the Fund Index Modification but using only those Fund Index 
Components that comprised the Fund Index prior to the Fund Index Modification. 
3. 
Early Redemption in Special Circumstances, Illegality or Disruption Event 
In the event of a Special Circumstance, Illegality, Disruption Event or events that may be deemed or treated 
as a Special Circumstance, the Issuer may redeem the Securities by giving not less than fifteen (15) nor more 
than thirty (30) Business Days' irrevocable notice in accordance with General Condition 12 (Notices), in which 
case the Issuer shall redeem the Securities and cause to be paid to each Securityholder in respect of each 
Security held by it an amount equal to the Early Redemption Amount. The termination shall become valid on 
the day of the notice in accordance with General Condition 12 (Notices). 
4. 
Correction of Prices 
In the event that a Relevant Underlying Price is subsequently corrected and the correction (the "Corrected 
Price") is published on or before the Business Day prior to the next date on which any relevant payment or 
delivery may have to be made by the Issuer or in respect of which any relevant determination in respect of the 
Securities may have to be made, which, in each case, would require the Relevant Underlying Price, then the 
Calculation Agent shall be entitled to determine the amount payable or make any such determination in 
connection with the Securities after taking into account such Corrected Price, and, to the extent necessary, the 
Issuer and/or Calculation Agent may adjust any relevant terms of the Securities to account for such Corrected 
Price. Any such determination or adjustment and the date of its first application shall be published in 
accordance with General Condition 12 (Notices). 
5. 
Definitions 
The following terms and expressions shall have the following meanings in respect of Fund Linked Products, 
Hybrid Securities that include Fund Linked Products as a component part and each Underlying which is a 
Fund: 
"Adjustable Terms" means each of the Initial Level, the formula for calculation the return of the relevant 
Fund, any other component or variable relevant for the determination of the price or return of the relevant 
Share or the maturity consideration, as specified in the Issue Terms.  
"AUM Level" has the meaning given to it in the applicable Issue Terms, or if not so specified, with respect to 
(i) a Mutual Fund, EUR 50,000,000, or (ii) a Hedge Fund, EUR 100,000,000, or the equivalent in any other 
currency. 
"Basket Component" means each Share composed within a basket of Underlyings. 
"Basket Trigger Event" means that an Extraordinary Fund Event occurs in respect of one or more Funds 
comprising the Fund Basket or the Fund Index, as the case may be, which has or, in the event that an 
Extraordinary Fund Event has occurred in respect of more than one Fund, together have, a weighting in the 
Fund Basket or the Fund Index, as the case may be, equal to or greater than the Basket Trigger Level. 
"Basket Trigger Level" has the meaning given to it in the applicable Issue Terms or if not so specified, 50 per 
cent. 
"Delayed Payment Cut-off Date" has the meaning given in the applicable Issue Terms or, if not so specified, 
the date falling two calendar years after the originally designated Redemption Date or the date of the early

--- Page 311 ---
Underlying Specific Conditions 
Fund Linked Conditions
 
307 
 
redemption determined pursuant to Fund Linked Condition 3 (Early Redemption in Special Circumstances, 
Illegality or Disruption Event), as the case may be. 
"Extraordinary Fund Event Effective Date" means, in respect of an Extraordinary Fund Event, the date on 
which such Extraordinary Fund Event occurs, or has occurred, as determined by the Calculation Agent acting 
in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. 
"Final Calculation Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"FRTB Information" means sufficient information, including relevant risk sensitivities data, in a processable 
format to enable the relevant Issuer, the Calculation Agent and/or the Hedge Entity or any of their affiliates, 
as the case may be, to calculate its market risk in relation to any holding of Fund Shares, as if it were holding 
the assets of the relevant Fund directly (where, such information shall be deemed to be in a "processable 
format" if the information can be used by the relevant Issuer, the Calculation Agent and/or the Hedge Entity 
or any of their affiliates to compute its market risk). 
"Fund" means each Mutual Fund, Hedge Fund or Private Equity Fund or, in the case of a Fund Index, each 
Fund Index Component comprised in such Fund Index. 
"Fund Basket" means, where the Securities are linked to the performance of Fund Shares of more than one 
Fund or more than one Fund Index, a basket comprising such Fund Shares or Fund Indices, as the case may 
be. 
"Fund Business Day" means either (i) with respect to a single Fund, Fund Business Day (Single Fund Share 
Basis), or (ii) in respect of a Fund Basket or a Fund Index, either Fund Business Day (All Fund Shares Basis) 
or Fund Business Day (Per Fund Share Basis) as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, provided that, if no 
such specification is made in the applicable Issue Terms, Fund Business Day (Per Fund Share Basis) shall 
apply. 
"Fund Business Day (All Fund Shares Basis)" means, with respect to a Fund Basket or a Fund Index, a date 
(i) that is a Fund Valuation Date for all Fund Shares comprised in the Fund Basket or the Fund Index, as the 
case may be and (ii) on which the Hedge Entity has, or could have, a subscription or redemption order for each 
such Fund Share executed at the NAV per Fund Share published by the Fund (or the Fund Service Provider 
that generally publishes or reports such value) in respect of such Fund Valuation Date. 
"Fund Business Day (Per Fund Share Basis)" means, with respect to a Fund Share, a date (i) that is a Fund 
Valuation Date in respect of such Fund Share and (ii) on which the Hedge Entity has, or could have, a 
subscription or redemption order for the Fund Shares executed at the NAV per Fund Share published by the 
Fund (or the Fund Service Provider that generally publishes or reports such value) in respect of such Fund 
Valuation Date. 
"Fund Business Day (Single Fund Share Basis)" means with respect to a Fund Share, a date (i) that is a Fund 
Valuation Date and (ii) on which the Hedge Entity has, or could have, a subscription or redemption order for 
the Fund Shares executed at the NAV per Fund Share published by the Fund (or the Fund Service Provider 
that generally publishes or reports such value) in respect of such Fund Valuation Date. 
"Fund Documents" means, with respect to any Fund Share, any of (i) the offering document of the relevant 
Fund in effect on the Hedging Date specifying, among other matters, the terms relating to such Fund Share, 
(ii) any other documents or agreements in respect of the Fund, including without limitation, the constitutive 
and governing documents, subscription agreements and other agreements of the Fund, in each case as may be 
further described in any the offering document described in (i) above and (iii) any other agreements between 
the relevant Issuer, the Calculation Agent or the Hedge Entity, as applicable, and the Fund and/or any Fund 
Service Provider. "Fund Index " means an index comprising one or more funds (each such Fund comprising 
a Fund Index a "Fund Index Component ") and specified as a Fund Index in the applicable Issue Terms.

--- Page 312 ---
Underlying Specific Conditions 
Fund Linked Conditions
 
308 
 
"Fund Index Sponsor" means the entity that publishes or announces (directly or through an agent) the level 
of the Fund Index, which as of the Issue Date is the index sponsor specified in respect of a Fund Index in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
"Fund Share(s)" means (i) an ownership interest issued to or held by an investor in a Fund or any other interest 
specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, or (ii) in the case of a Fund Index, the shares (or other 
ownership interest) in a Fund Index Component comprised in each such Fund Index. 
"Fund Service Provider" means, in respect of any Fund, any person who is appointed to provide services, 
directly or indirectly, in respect of such Fund, whether or not specified in the Fund Documents, including any 
advisor, manager, administrator, operator, management company, depository, custodian, sub-custodian, prime 
broker, administrator, trustee, registrar and transfer agent, domiciliary agent, sponsor or general partner and 
any other person specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Fund Valuation Date" means any date as of which, in accordance with the Fund Documents, the Fund (or 
the Fund Service Provider that generally determines such value) is or but for the occurrence of an Extraordinary 
Fund Event would have been scheduled to determine the NAV per Fund Share. 
"Hedge Fund" means the hedge fund(s) specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Hedge Entity" has the meaning given to such term in the General Conditions. The Hedge Entity may hold or 
may be deemed to hold such number of Fund Shares, or may enter or be deemed to enter into any agreement 
to purchase or deliver, or pay an amount linked to the performance of, such number of Fund Shares as it (or in 
the case of a Hypothetical Investor, the Calculation Agent) considers would be held by a prudent issuer as a 
hedge for its exposure under the relevant Securities. 
"Hedging Date" has the meaning given to it in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Hypothetical Investor" means a hypothetical or actual investor (as determined by the Calculation Agent in 
the context of the relevant situation) in a Fund Share which is deemed to have the benefits and obligations, as 
provided in the relevant Fund Documents, of an investor holding a Fund Share at the relevant time. The 
Hypothetical Investor may be deemed by the Calculation Agent to be resident or organised in any jurisdiction, 
and to be, without limitation, the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any of their affiliates (as determined by the 
Calculation Agent in the context of the relevant situation). 
"Initial Calculation Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, or if not so 
specified, the Hedging Date. 
"Level" means, in respect of a Fund Share and any relevant day, one of the following as specified in the Issue 
Terms in respect of such Fund and such day: 
(i) 
NAV per Fund Share (in case of a Fund Share); or 
(ii) 
Settlement Price (in case of a Fund Index or Basket of Fund Indices);  
"Maximum Days of Disruption" means, unless specified otherwise in the Issue Terms, 10 Fund Business 
Days.  
"Merger Event" means, in respect of any relevant Shares and Entity (as defined below), any (i) reclassification 
or change of such Shares that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to transfer all of such Shares 
outstanding to another entity or person, (ii) consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share/unit/interest 
exchange of an Entity with or into another entity or person (other than a consolidation, amalgamation, merger 
or binding share/unit/interest exchange in which such Entity, is the continuing entity and which does not result 
in a reclassification or change of all of such Shares outstanding), (iii) takeover offer, tender offer, exchange 
offer, solicitation, proposal or other event by any entity or person to purchase or otherwise obtain 100 per cent. 
of the outstanding Shares of an Entity that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to transfer all 
such Shares (other than such Shares owned or controlled by such other entity or person), or (iv) consolidation,

--- Page 313 ---
Underlying Specific Conditions 
Fund Linked Conditions
 
309 
 
amalgamation, merger or binding share/unit/interest exchange of an Entity or its subsidiaries with or into 
another entity in which the Entity is the continuing entity and which does not result in a reclassification or 
change of all such Shares outstanding but results in the outstanding Shares (other than Shares owned or 
controlled by such other entity) immediately prior to such event collectively representing less than 50 per cent. 
of the outstanding Shares immediately following such event, in each case if the Extraordinary Fund Event 
Effective Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent, is on or before the Final Calculation Date. For the 
purposes of this definition of "Merger Event" only, "Shares" shall mean the applicable Fund Shares or the 
shares of any applicable Fund Service Provider, as the context may require, and "Entity" shall mean the 
applicable Fund or any applicable Fund Service Provider, as the context may require. 
"Mutual Fund" means the mutual fund(s) specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"NAV per Fund Share" means, with respect to the relevant Fund Shares and a Fund Business Day, (i) the net 
asset value per Fund Share as of the related Fund Valuation Date, as reported by the Fund Service Provider 
that generally publishes or reports such value on behalf of the Fund to its investors or a publishing service, or 
(ii) if the Fund Service Provider of the Fund publishes or reports only the aggregate net asset value of the Fund 
Shares, the net asset value per Fund Share calculated by the Calculation Agent on the basis of such aggregate 
net asset value of the Fund Shares divided by the number of Fund Shares issued and outstanding as of the 
related Fund Valuation Date. 
"NAV Trigger Event" means, in respect of the Fund Shares, that (i) the NAV per Fund Share has decreased 
by an amount equal to, or greater than, the NAV Trigger Percentage(s) at any time during the related NAV 
Trigger Period, or (ii) the Fund has violated any leverage restriction that is applicable to, or affecting, such 
Fund or its assets by operation of any law, any order or judgement of any court or other agency of government 
applicable to it or any of its assets, the Fund Documents or any other contractual restriction binding on or 
affecting the Fund or any of its assets. 
"NAV Trigger Percentage" means the percentage specified in the applicable Issue Terms or, if not so 
specified, with respect to (i) a Mutual Fund 50 per cent., or ii) a Hedge Fund 50 per cent. 
"NAV Trigger Period" means the period specified in the applicable Issue Terms, or if not so specified the 
period from and including the Initial Calculation Date to and including the Final Calculation Date. 
"Number of NAV Publication Days" means the number of calendar days specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms or if not so specified, with respect to (i) a Mutual Fund, 5 calendar days, or (ii) a Hedge Fund, 10 
calendar days. 
"Private Equity Fund" means the private equity fund(s) specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Relevant Underlying Price" means, in respect of a Fund, a price for such Fund which is relevant for the 
Securities. 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means, in respect of a Fund, Fund Basket, Fund Index or Fund Share, "a Fund 
Business Day.  
"Scheduled Underlying Valuation Date" means, in respect of an Underlying Valuation Date, the original 
relevant date that, but for the occurrence of an event causing a Disrupted Day, would have been such 
Underlying Valuation Date. 
"Settlement Price" means: 
(i) 
in the case of Securities relating to a Basket of Fund Indices and in respect of each Fund Index 
comprising the Basket of Fund Indices, an amount equal to the official level for each such Fund Index 
published by the Fund Index Sponsor as determined by the Calculation Agent; and 
(ii) 
in the case of Securities relating to a single Fund Index, an amount equal to the official level of the 
Fund Index published by the Fund Index Sponsor as determined by the Calculation Agent.

--- Page 314 ---
Underlying Specific Conditions 
Fund Linked Conditions
 
310 
 
"Special Circumstance" has the meaning given to that term in Condition 4.5 (Early Redemption for Special 
Circumstance) of the General Conditions, unless modified in these Underlying Specific Conditions. 
"Substitution Event" means, in respect of the Reference Share, any Nationalisation, Insolvency or Delisting 
in respect of the Reference Share, or any Merger Event or Tender Offer in respect of such Reference Share 
that is deemed by the Calculation Agent to be a Substitution Event, or the occurrence and continuation for at 
least five consecutive applicable Exchange Business Days of a Market Disruption Event (as defined below) in 
respect of the Reference Share. 
"Tender Offer" means a takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other event by 
any entity or person that results in such entity or person purchasing, or otherwise obtaining or having the right 
to obtain, by conversion or other means, greater than 50 per cent. and less than 100 per cent. of the outstanding 
voting shares, units or interests of the Fund or Fund Service Provider, as determined by the Calculation Agent, 
based upon the making of filings with governmental or self-regulatory agencies or such other information as 
the Calculation Agent deems relevant. 
"Underlying Valuation Date" means each of the following (a) Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, 
(b) Coupon Valuation Date, (c) Redemption Valuation Date, (d) Strike Date and (e) each other relevant date 
on which the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent is required under the Conditions to determine the level of a Fund, 
in each case, subject to adjustment in accordance with the Fund Linked Conditions. 
"Volatility Trigger Event" means, in respect of the Fund Shares and any Fund Business Day following the 
Trade Date, that the annualised realised volatility of the NAV per Fund Share in respect of the relevant 
Volatility Trigger Period is greater than the Volatility Trigger Percentage, provided that, the Calculation Agent 
shall determine the annualised realised volatility of the NAV per Fund Share in respect of the relevant 
Volatility Trigger Period acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, using its own internal 
valuation methodology, data and systems and, to the extent required, external systems and data provided by 
third parties. 
"Volatility Trigger Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Volatility Trigger Period" means, in respect of any Fund Business Day, the period specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms or, if not so specified, a period of one calendar year in each case ending on (but 
excluding) such Fund Business Day.

--- Page 315 ---
Underlying Specific Conditions 
Inflation Index Linked Conditions 
 
311 
 
INFLATION INDEX LINKED CONDITIONS 
 
The provisions of these Inflation Index Linked Conditions shall apply to Inflation Index Linked Products and 
Hybrid Securities that include Inflation Index Linked Products as a component part, in accordance with the 
related elections made in the Issue Terms, in respect of each Underlying which is an Inflation Index. 
1. 
Consequences of Disrupted Days 
1.1 
Single Index and Underlying Valuation Dates 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Delayed Index Level Event in respect of the Inflation Index has 
occurred with respect to an Underlying Valuation Date, then the Relevant Level with respect to any Reference 
Month which is to be utilised in any calculation or determination to be made by the Calculation Agent and/or 
the Issuer with respect to such Underlying Valuation Date (the "Substitute Inflation Index Level") shall be 
determined by the Calculation Agent, as follows: 
(a) 
if Related Bond is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, the Calculation Agent shall determine 
the Substitute Inflation Index Level by reference to the corresponding index level determined under 
the terms and conditions of the Related Bond; or 
(b) 
if (i) Related Bond is specified as not applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, or (ii) the Calculation 
Agent is not able to determine a Substitute Inflation Index Level under (a) above, the Calculation 
Agent shall determine the Substitute Inflation Index Level by reference to the following formula: 
Substitute Inflation Index Level = Base Level x (Latest Level/Reference Level). 
If the Relevant Level is published or announced at any time on or after the relevant Cut-Off Date, such Relevant 
Level will not be used in any calculations. The Substitute Inflation Index Level so determined pursuant to this 
Inflation Linked Condition 1 will be the definitive level for that Reference Month. 
If the Calculation Agent determines a Substitute Inflation Index Level in accordance with this 1.1, the 
Calculation Agent may make such adjustment(s) that it determines to be appropriate, if any, to the Adjustable 
Terms to account for such Successor Inflation Index.  
1.2 
Postponement of consequential dates or Special Circumstance 
A Delayed Index Level Event may delay the determination of the price or return of the relevant Inflation Index 
and consequently the calculation of the maturity consideration for the particular Securities or other payment 
based on the price of the relevant Inflation Index that may be payable.  
In addition, if prior to the Redemption Valuation Date a Delayed Index Level Event occurs and continues for 
at least the Maximum Days of Disruption consecutive Business Days, then the Issuer may, in its sole discretion, 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determine that this circumstance shall constitute 
Special Circumstance. 
2. 
Successor Inflation Index and Adjustments 
2.1 
Successor Inflation Index 
If the Calculation Agent determines that (i) the level of an Inflation Index is not calculated and announced by 
the Inflation Index Sponsor for two consecutive months and/or (ii) the Inflation Index Sponsor announces that 
it will no longer continue to publish or announce the Inflation Index and/or the Index Sponsor cancels the 
Index then the Calculation Agent shall determine a successor index (a "Successor Index") (in lieu of any 
previously applicable Index) for the purposes of the Notes as follows:

--- Page 316 ---
Underlying Specific Conditions 
Inflation Index Linked Conditions 
 
312 
 
(a) 
if Related Bond is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, the Calculation Agent shall determine a 
Successor Inflation Index by reference to the corresponding successor index determined under the 
terms and conditions of the Related Bond; 
(b) 
if (x) Related Bond is specified as not applicable in the Issue Terms or (y) a Related Bond Redemption 
Event has occurred and Fallback Bond is specified as not applicable in the Issue Terms, the Inflation 
Index Sponsor announces that it will no longer publish or announce the Inflation Index but that it will 
be superseded by a replacement Inflation Index specified by the Inflation Index Sponsor, and the 
Calculation Agent determines that such replacement Inflation Index is calculated using the same or a 
substantially similar formula or method of calculation as used in the calculation of the Index, such 
replacement index shall be designated a Successor Inflation Index; 
(c) 
if no Successor Inflation Index has been deemed under (a) or (b) the Calculation Agent shall ask five 
leading independent dealers to state what the replacement index for the Inflation Index should be.  
If between four and five responses are received, and of those four or five responses, three or more 
leading independent dealers state the same index, such index will be deemed the Successor Inflation 
Index.  
If three responses are received, and two or more leading independent dealers state the same index, 
such index will be deemed the Successor Inflation Index.  
If fewer than three responses are received by the Cut-Off Date or if each of the responses state different 
indices the Calculation Agent will determine an appropriate alternative index and such index will be 
deemed a Successor Inflation Index; or 
(d) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that there is no appropriate alternative index, then the Issuer may, 
in its sole discretion, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determine that 
this circumstance shall constitute Special Circumstance. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Calculation Agent shall determine the date on which the Successor Inflation 
Index shall be deemed to replace the Inflation Index for the purposes of the Notes.  
If either of the events described in this 2.1 have occurred, the Calculation Agent may make such adjustment(s) 
that it determines to be appropriate, if any, to the Adjustable Terms to account for such Successor Inflation 
Index.  
2.2 
Rebasing  
If the Calculation Agent determines that the Index has been or will be rebased at any time, the Index as so 
rebased (the "Rebased Index") will be used for purposes of determining the Relevant Level from the date of 
such rebasing; provided, however, that the Calculation Agent may make  
(a) 
if Related Bond is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, any adjustments as are made pursuant to 
the terms and conditions of the Related Bond, if any, to the levels of the Rebased Index so that the 
Rebased Index levels reflect the same rate of inflation as before the rebasing, and/or  
(b) 
if Related Bond is specified as not applicable in the Issue Terms or a Related Bond Redemption Event 
has occurred, the Calculation Agent may make adjustments to the levels of the Rebased Index so that 
the Rebased Index levels reflect the same rate of inflation as the Inflation Index before it was rebased 
and  
in each case the Calculation Agent may make such adjustment(s) that it determines to be appropriate, if any, 
to the Adjustable Terms to account for such Rebased Index. 
If the Calculation Agent determines that neither (a) nor (b) above would produce a commercially reasonable 
result, then the Issuer may, in its sole discretion, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, 
determine that this circumstance shall constitute Special Circumstance.

--- Page 317 ---
Underlying Specific Conditions 
Inflation Index Linked Conditions 
 
313 
 
2.3 
Index Modification 
If, in respect of an Index, the Calculation Agent determines that an Index Modification has occurred, the 
Calculation Agent shall determine if such event has a material effect on the Securities and, if so, the Calculation 
Agent may 
(a) 
if Related Bond is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, make any adjustments to the Inflation 
Index, any Relevant Level and/or any other relevant Adjustable Terms consistent with any adjustments 
made to the Related Bond as the Calculation Agent deems necessary acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner, or  
(b) 
if Related Bond is specified as not applicable in the Issue Terms or a Related Bond Redemption Event 
has occurred make only those adjustments to the Inflation Index, any Relevant Level and/or any other 
relevant Adjustable Terms, as the Calculation Agent deems necessary acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner for the modified Inflation Index to continue as the Inflation Index 
and to account for the economic effect of the Index Modification. 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Index Modification has occurred at any time after the Cut-Off Date 
in respect of any Underlying Valuation Date, the Calculation Agent may determine either (i) to ignore such 
Index Modification for the purposes of any calculation or determination made by the Calculation Agent with 
respect to such Underlying Valuation Date, in which case the relevant Index Modification will be deemed to 
have occurred with respect to the immediately succeeding Underlying Valuation Date, or (ii) notwithstanding 
that the Index Modification has occurred following the Cut-Off Date, to make any adjustments as the 
Calculation Agent deems fit in accordance with this 2.3. 
2.4 
Notice of Adjustments 
Upon making any such adjustment pursuant to this Inflation Index Linked Conditions 1 (Consequences of 
Disrupted Days) or 2 (Successor Inflation Index and Adjustments), the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent shall 
give notice to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 12 (Notices), stating the relevant 
adjustment and giving brief details of the relevant event in respect of which such adjustment was made, 
provided that any failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of the relevant event or any action 
taken. 
3. 
Early Redemption in Special Circumstances, Illegality or Disruption Event 
In the event of a Special Circumstance, Illegality, Disruption Event or events that may be deemed or treated 
as a Special Circumstance, the Issuer may redeem the Securities by giving not less than fifteen (15) nor more 
than thirty (30) Business Days' irrevocable notice in accordance with General Condition 12 (Notices), in which 
case the Issuer shall redeem the Securities and cause to be paid to each Securityholder in respect of each 
Security held by it an amount equal to the Early Redemption Amount. The termination shall become valid on 
the day of the notice in accordance with General Condition 12 (Notices). 
4. 
Correction of Levels 
The first publication or announcement of the Relevant Level (disregarding estimates) by the Inflation Index 
Sponsor for any Reference Month shall be final and conclusive and, subject to the following paragraph, later 
revisions to the level for such Reference Month will not be used in any calculations, save that in respect of the 
EUR-All Items-Revised Consumer Price Index, the ESP National- Revised Consumer Price Index (CPI) and 
the ESP-Harmonised-Revised Consumer Price Index HCPI, revisions to the Relevant Level which are 
published or announced up to and including the day that is two Business Days prior to any Underlying 
Valuation Date will be valid and the revised Relevant Level for the relevant Reference Month will be deemed 
to be the final and conclusive Relevant Level for such Reference Month.  
If, within 30 days of publication or at any time prior to a Underlying Valuation Date in respect of which a 
Relevant Level will be used in any calculation or determination, the Calculation Agent determines that the 
Inflation Index Sponsor has corrected the Relevant Level to correct a manifest error, the Calculation Agent

--- Page 318 ---
Underlying Specific Conditions 
Inflation Index Linked Conditions 
 
314 
 
may make any adjustment to any amount payable under the Notes and/or any other relevant term of the Notes 
as determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner 
appropriate as a result of such correction and/or determine the amount (if any) that is payable as a result of that 
correction.  
If a Relevant Level is published or announced at any time after the Cut-Off Date in respect of an Underlying 
Valuation Date in respect of which a Substitute Inflation Index Level was determined, the Calculation Agent 
may either (A) determine that such Relevant Level shall not be used in any calculation or determination under 
the Notes and that the Substitute Inflation Index Level shall be deemed to be the definitive Relevant Level for 
the relevant Reference Month, or (B) request the Issuer to make any adjustment to any amount payable under 
the Notes and/or any other relevant term of the Notes as it deems appropriate as a result of the announcement 
or publication of the Relevant Level and/or determine the amount (if any) that is payable as a result of such 
publication or announcement.  
Any such determination or adjustment and the date of its first application shall be published in accordance 
with General Condition 12 (Notices). 
5. 
Definitions 
The following terms and conditions shall have the following meanings in respect of Index Linked Products, 
Hybrid Securities that include Index Linked Products as a component part and each Underlying which is an 
Index: 
"Adjustable Terms" means each of the Initial Level, the formula for calculation the return of the relevant 
Index, any other component or variable relevant for the determination of the price or return of the relevant 
Index or the maturity consideration, as specified in the Issue Terms.  
"Base Level" means the level of the Inflation Index (excluding any "flash" estimates) published or announced 
by the Inflation Index Sponsor in respect of the month which is 12 calendar months prior to the month for 
which the Substitute Inflation Index Level is being determined.  
"Cut-Off Date" means, in respect of an Underlying Valuation Date, three Business Days prior to such date, 
unless otherwise stated in the Issue Terms. 
"Delayed Index Level Event" means, in respect of any Underlying Valuation Date, that the Inflation Index 
Sponsor fails to publish or announce the level of the Index in respect of any Reference Month which is to be 
utilised in any calculation or determination in respect of such Underlying Valuation Date, at any time on or 
prior to the Cut-Off Date. 
"Fallback Bond" means a bond selected by the Calculation Agent and issued by the government of the country 
to whose level of inflation the Inflation Index relates and which pays a coupon or redemption amount which 
is calculated by reference to the Inflation Index, with a maturity date which falls on (a) the same day as the 
Redemption Date, (b) the next longest maturity after the Redemption Date if there is no such bond maturing 
on the Redemption Date, or (c) the next shortest maturity before the Redemption Date if no bond defined in 
(a) or (b) is selected by the Calculation Agent. If the Inflation Index relates to the level of inflation across the 
European Monetary Union, the Calculation Agent will select an inflation-linked bond that is a debt obligation 
of one of the governments (but not any government agency) of France, Italy, Germany or Spain and which 
pays a coupon or redemption amount which is calculated by reference to the level of inflation in the European 
Monetary Union. In each case, the Calculation Agent will select the Fallback Bond from those inflation-linked 
bonds issued on or before the Issue Date and, if there is more than one inflation-linked bond maturing on the 
same date, the Fallback Bond shall be selected by the Calculation Agent from those bonds. If the Fallback 
Bond redeems the Calculation Agent will select a new Fallback Bond on the same basis, but selected from all 
eligible bonds in issue at the time the original Fallback Bond redeems (including any bond for which the 
redeemed bond is exchanged). 
"Index Modification" means, in respect of an Index, on or before any Underlying Valuation Date the Index 
Sponsor announces that it will make a material change in the formula for or method of calculating that Inflation

--- Page 319 ---
Underlying Specific Conditions 
Inflation Index Linked Conditions 
 
315 
 
Index or in any other way materially modifies that Inflation Index (other than a modification prescribed in that 
formula or method to maintain that Inflation Index. 
"Inflation Index" means, subject to an adjustment in accordance with the Inflation Index Linked Conditions, 
each index specified as such in the Issue Terms and related expressions shall be construed accordingly.  
"Inflation Index Sponsor" means the entity specified in the relevant Issue Terms, and, if not specified, the 
corporation or other entity that, as determined by the Calculation Agent, (i) is responsible for setting and 
reviewing the rules and procedures and the methods of calculation and adjustments, if any, related to such 
Inflation Index, and (ii) announces (directly or through an agent) the level of such Inflation Index on a regular 
basis. 
"Latest Level" means the level of the Inflation Index (excluding any "flash" estimates) published or announced 
by the Inflation Index Sponsor prior to the month in respect of which the Substitute Inflation Index Level is 
being determined. 
"Level" means the level of the Inflation Index (excluding any "flash" estimates) published or announced by 
the Inflation Index Sponsor in respect of the Reference Month. 
"Maximum Days of Disruption" means, unless specified otherwise in the Issue Terms, five Business Days.  
"Reference Level" means the level of the Inflation Index (excluding any "flash" estimates) published or 
announced by the Inflation Index Sponsor in respect of the month that is 12 calendar months prior to the month 
in respect of the Latest Level. 
"Reference Month" means the calendar month for which the level of the Index was reported, regardless of 
when this information is published or announced, specified as such in the Issue Terms. If the period for which 
the Relevant Level was reported is a period other than a month, the Reference Month shall be the period for 
which the Relevant Level was reported. 
"Related Bond" means the bond specified as such in the Issue Terms. If the Related Bond is "Fallback Bond", 
then for any Related Bond determination, the Calculation Agent shall use the Fallback Bond. If no bond is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms as the Related Bond and "Fallback Bond: Not applicable" is specified 
in the Issue Terms there will be no Related Bond. If a bond is selected as the Related Bond in the Issue Terms 
and that bond redeems or matures before the Maturity Date, unless "Fallback Bond: Not applicable" is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, the Calculation Agent shall use the Fallback Bond for any Related Bond 
determination. 
"Related Bond Redemption Event" means, if specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, at any time prior to 
the Redemption Date, (a) the Related Bond is redeemed, repurchased or cancelled, (b) the Related Bond 
becomes repayable prior to its stated date of maturity for whatever reason, or (c) the issuer of the Related Bond 
announces that the Related Bond will be redeemed, repurchased or cancelled prior to its stated date of maturity. 
"Relevant Level" means, in respect of an Index, a level for such Index, as determined and published by the 
Index Sponsor, which is relevant for the Securities. 
"Special Circumstance" has the meaning given to that term in General Condition 4.5 (Early Redemption for 
Special Circumstance), unless modified in these Underlying Specific Conditions. 
"Underlying Valuation Date" means each of the following (a) each Automatic Early Redemption Valuation 
Date, (b) Coupon Valuation Date, (c) Redemption Valuation Date, (d) Strike Date and (e) each other relevant 
date on which the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent is required under the Conditions to determine the level of 
an Index, in each case, subject to adjustment in accordance with the Index Linked Conditions.

--- Page 320 ---
Underlying Specific Conditions 
Future Linked Conditions 
 
316 
 
FUTURE LINKED CONDITIONS 
 
The provisions of these Future Linked Conditions shall apply to Future Linked Products and Hybrid Securities 
that include Future Linked Products as a component part, in accordance with the related elections made in the 
Issue Terms, in respect of each Underlying which is a Future. 
1. 
Consequences of Disrupted Days 
1.1 
Postponement 
(a) 
Single Future and Underlying Valuation Dates 
Where the Securities relate to a single Future (and if the Issue Terms specify that this provision shall 
apply to one or more particular Underlying Valuation Dates, then this condition shall apply to such 
Underlying Valuation Dates only), if the Calculation Agent determines that an Underlying Valuation 
Date is a Disrupted Day, then the Underlying Valuation Date shall be the next following Scheduled 
Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day, unless the Calculation Agent determines that each of the 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal in number to the Maximum Days of Disruption 
immediately following the Scheduled Underlying Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day. In that case: 
(i) 
the last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the relevant Underlying 
Valuation Date, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day; and 
(ii) 
unless the Issue Terms specify "Replacement and cancellation rights" as applicable, the 
Calculation Agent shall determine its estimate of the relevant level of the Future on that last 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in its reasonable discretion, taking into account the market 
circumstances prevailing on such day. The Issuer and/or Calculation Agent shall publish the 
determined level of the Future in accordance with General Condition 12 (Notices). 
(b) 
Basket of Underlyings and Underlying Valuation Dates – Individual Postponement of Underlying 
Valuation Dates 
Where the Securities relate to a basket of Underlyings and where 'Underlying Valuation Dates – 
Adjustments for Disrupted Days' is specified as 'Individual Adjustment' in respect of the basket of 
Underlyings in the Issue Terms (and if the Issue Terms specify that this provision shall apply to one 
or more particular Underlying Valuation Dates, then this condition shall apply to such Underlying 
Valuation Dates only), if the Calculation Agent determines that an Underlying Valuation Date is a 
Disrupted Day in respect of a Basket Component, then the Underlying Valuation Date in respect of 
the relevant Basket Component shall be the next following Scheduled Trading Day that is not a 
Disrupted Day in respect of the relevant Basket Component, unless the Calculation Agent determines 
that each of the consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal in number to the Maximum Days of 
Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Underlying Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day in 
respect of the relevant Basket Component. In that case: 
(i) 
the last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the relevant Underlying 
Valuation Date for the relevant Basket Component, notwithstanding the fact that such day is 
a Disrupted Day; and 
(ii) 
unless the Issue Terms specify "Replacement and cancellation rights" as applicable, the 
Calculation Agent shall determine its estimate of the relevant level of the relevant Basket 
Component on that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in its reasonable discretion, taking 
into account the market circumstances prevailing on such day. The Issuer and/or Calculation

--- Page 321 ---
Underlying Specific Conditions 
Future Linked Conditions 
 
317 
 
Agent shall publish the determined level of the relevant Basket Component in accordance with 
General Condition 12 (Notices). 
(c) 
Basket of Underlyings and Underlying Valuation Dates – Common Postponement of Underlying 
Valuation Dates 
Where the Securities relate to a basket of Underlyings and where 'Underlying Valuation Dates – 
Adjustments for Disrupted Days' is specified as 'Common Adjustment' in respect of the basket of 
Underlyings in the Issue Terms (and if the Issue Terms specify that this provision shall apply to one 
or more particular Underlying Valuation Dates, then this condition shall apply to such Underlying 
Valuation Dates only), if the Calculation Agent determines that an Underlying Valuation Date is a 
Disrupted Day in respect of any Basket Component, then the Underlying Valuation Date in respect of 
all Basket Components shall be the next following Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day 
in respect of any Basket Component, unless the Calculation Agent determines that each of the 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal in number to the Maximum Days of Disruption 
immediately following the Scheduled Underlying Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of any 
Basket Component. In that case: 
(i) 
the last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the relevant Underlying 
Valuation Date for all Basket Components, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a 
Disrupted Day for one or more Futures in the basket (each such Future an "Affected Future" 
in respect of such Underlying Valuation Date); 
(ii) 
in respect of each Future in the basket that is not an Affected Future, the relevant level shall 
be determined in accordance with the definition of Level on such last consecutive Scheduled 
Trading Day; and 
(iii) 
unless the Issue Terms specify "Replacement and cancellation rights" as applicable, in respect 
of each Affected Future, the Calculation Agent shall determine its estimate of the relevant 
level of such Basket Component(s) on that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in its 
reasonable discretion, taking into account the market circumstances prevailing on such day. 
The Issuer and/or Calculation Agent shall publish the determined level of such Affected 
Future(s) in accordance with General Condition 12 (Notices). 
(d) 
Postponement of consequential dates or Special Circumstance 
A Disrupted Day may delay the determination of the price or return of the relevant Future and 
consequently the calculation of the maturity consideration for the particular Securities or other 
payment based on the price of the relevant Future that may be payable.  
In addition, if prior to the Redemption Valuation Date a Disrupted Day occurs and continues for at 
least the Maximum Days of Disruption consecutive Scheduled Trading Days, then the Issuer may, in 
its sole discretion, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determine that this 
circumstance shall constitute Special Circumstance. 
1.2 
Replacement and cancellation rights 
If the Issue Terms specify "Replacement and cancellation rights" as applicable and if the Calculation Agent 
determines that an Underlying Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day, then the Calculation Agent shall at its 
reasonable discretion (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) take any of the following 
actions: 
(a) 
Future Fallback Value 
The Calculation Agent shall determine if the Disrupted Day has a material effect on the Securities and, 
if so shall calculate the relevant amounts and/or make any other relevant calculation using, in lieu of a

--- Page 322 ---
Underlying Specific Conditions 
Future Linked Conditions 
 
318 
 
published price or level for that Future, as the case may be, the price or level for that Future as 
determined by the Calculation Agent using the Future Fallback Value. 
(b) 
Substitution 
The Calculation Agent may substitute the relevant Future or Future Reference Price with a Future or 
Future Reference Price, as the case may be, selected by it in accordance with the criteria set out below 
(each, a "Substitute Future" or "Substitute Future Reference Price" for each Future or Future 
Reference Price, as the case may be, (each, an "Affected Future " or "Affected Future Reference 
Price", as the case may be), which is affected by the Disrupted Day and the Substitute Future or 
Substitute Future Reference Price, as the case may be, will be deemed to be a "Future" or "Future 
Reference Price", as the case may be, for the purposes of the Securities, and the Calculation Agent will 
make such amendments to the Adjustable Terms as the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in 
a commercially reasonable manner determines appropriate to take account of the substitution, provided 
that in the event that any amount payable under the Securities was to be determined by reference to 
the initial price of the Future or the Future Reference Price, as the case may be, the initial price or level 
of each Substitute Future or Substitute Future Reference Price, as the case may be, will be determined 
by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. 
In order to be selected as a Substitute Future, the Substitute Future shall be valued on the basis of 
similar terms to the Affected Future, relating to the same underlying as the Affected Future and, if 
relevant, with a delivery date corresponding to the Affected Future. 
In order to be selected as a Substitute Future Reference Price, the Substitute Future Reference Price 
shall be a benchmark, price or quotation selected by the Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and in 
a commercially reasonable manner and which in its determination is or will be used by market 
participants as a substitute for the Affected Future Reference Price. 
Such substitution and the relevant adjustment(s) (if any) will be deemed to be effective as of the date 
selected by the Calculation Agent (the "Substitution Date") acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner which may, but need not, be the relevant date of the Disrupted Day. Such 
substitution will be notified to the Securityholders as soon as practicable after the Substitution Date in 
accordance with General Condition 12 (Notices). 
2. 
Early Redemption in Special Circumstances, Illegality or Disruption Event 
In the event of a Special Circumstance, Illegality, Disruption Event or events that may be deemed or treated 
as a Special Circumstance, the Issuer may redeem the Securities by giving not less than fifteen (15) nor more 
than thirty (30) Business Days' irrevocable notice in accordance with General Condition 12 (Notices), in which 
case the Issuer shall redeem the Securities and cause to be paid to each Securityholder in respect of each 
Security held by it an amount equal to the Early Redemption Amount. The termination shall become valid on 
the day of the notice in accordance with General Condition 12 (Notices). 
3. 
Correction of Levels 
With the exception of any corrections published after the day which is three Scheduled Trading Days prior to 
the due date for any payment under the Securities, if the Future Reference Price published on a given day and 
used or to be used by the Calculation Agent to make any determination under the Securities is subsequently 
corrected and the correction published by the relevant Exchange or any other person responsible for the 
publication or announcement of the Future Reference Price within 30 calendar days of the original publication, 
the price to be used shall be the price of the relevant Future as so corrected. Corrections published after the 
day which is three Scheduled Trading Days prior to a due date for payment under the Securities will be 
disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purposes of determining the relevant amount. 
Any such determination or adjustment and the date of its first application shall be published in accordance 
with General Condition 12 (Notices).

--- Page 323 ---
Underlying Specific Conditions 
Future Linked Conditions 
 
319 
 
4. 
Rolling Futures Contract Securities 
The Future Reference Price in respect of the Securities will be valued by reference to rolling futures contracts 
each of which have delivery months that do not correspond with the term of the Securities. On or prior to the 
Issue Date, the Calculation Agent will select the relevant futures contract and for each following day until the 
Futures Rollover Date such future will be the Future for the purposes of the Future Reference Price. On each 
Futures Rollover Date, the Calculation Agent will select another futures contract and such futures contract 
shall be the Future for the purposes of the Future Reference Price until the next occurring Futures Rollover 
Date. If on a Futures Rollover Date a Disrupted Day occurs and it is impossible or materially impracticable for 
the Calculation Agent to select a futures contract and/or at such time hedge the Issuer's obligations in respect 
of the Securities then the provisions of Future Linked Condition 1 shall apply to the Securities. 
5. 
Definitions 
The following terms and conditions shall have the following meanings in respect of Future Linked Products, 
Hybrid Securities that include Future Linked Products as a component part and each Underlying which is a 
Future: 
"Adjustable Terms" means each of the Initial Level, the formula for calculation the return of the relevant 
Future, any other component or variable relevant for the determination of the price or return of the relevant 
Future or the maturity consideration, as specified in the Issue Terms.  
"Basket Component" means each Future within a basket of Underlyings. 
"Delivery Date" means, in respect of a Future Reference Price, the relevant date or month for delivery of the 
a futures contract selected by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner on the Futures Rollover Date or if none the Issue Date. 
"Disappearance of Future Reference Price" means (a) the permanent discontinuation of trading, in the 
relevant Future on the relevant Exchange or (b) the disappearance or permanent discontinuance or 
unavailability of a Future Reference Price, notwithstanding the availability of the related Price Source or the 
status of trading in the relevant Future.  
"Disrupted Day" means, in respect of a Future, any Scheduled Trading Day on which (a) the Price Source 
fails to publish the level of the Future, (b) a relevant Exchange or any Related Exchange fails to open for 
trading during its regular trading session or (c) on which a Market Disruption Event has occurred. 
"Exchange" means, in respect of a Future, the exchange or principal trading market for such Future specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms or in the Future Reference Price. 
"Future" means, in respect of a Future Reference Price, the contract for future delivery of a contract size in 
respect of the relevant Delivery Date relating to the underlying referred to in that Future Reference Price as 
specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Future Fallback Value" means, in respect of any Future, the arithmetic mean of the quotations provided to 
the Calculation Agent by each of the Reference Dealers as its Future Reference Price for the relevant 
Underlying Valuation Date of the relevant Future, provided that if only three such quotations are so provided, 
the Future Fallback Value shall be the Future Reference Price remaining after disregarding the Commodity 
Reference Prices having the highest and lowest values (or if more than one such highest or lowest, one only of 
them). If fewer than three such quotations are so provided, it will be deemed that such value cannot be 
determined and the relevant value shall be the good faith estimate of the Calculation Agent; or 
"Future Reference Price" means, in respect of any Future, the Level specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Futures Rollover Date" means either: 
(a) 
the date specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms; or

--- Page 324 ---
Underlying Specific Conditions 
Future Linked Conditions 
 
320 
 
(b) 
the date selected by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner within the period ("Futures Rollover Period") specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Level" means, in respect of a Future and any relevant day, one of the following as specified in the Issue Terms 
in respect of such Future and such day: 
(a) 
the high price; 
(b) 
the low price; 
(c) 
the average of the high price and the low price; 
(d) 
the closing price; 
(e) 
the opening price; 
(f) 
the bid price; 
(g) 
the asked price; 
(h) 
the average of the bid price and the asked price; 
(i) 
the settlement price; 
(j) 
the official settlement price; 
(k) 
the official price 
(l) 
the morning fixing; 
(m) 
the afternoon fixing; 
(n) 
the spot price; or 
(o) 
the arithmetic average of bid and offer prices at 5.30pm (CET) on the Underlying Valuation Date. 
"Limit Price Event" means that the settlement price of any Future has increased or decreased from the 
previous day's published settlement price by an amount equal to the maximum amount permitted under the 
applicable exchange rules for such Future. 
"Market Disruption Event" means, in respect of the relevant Future and as determined by the Calculation 
Agent, the occurrence or existence of a Price Source Disruption, Trading Disruption, Disappearance of Future 
Reference Price, Limit Price Event, Material Change in Formula, Material Change in Content and/or Tax 
Disruption. 
"Material Change in Content" means the occurrence since the Trade Date of a material change in the content, 
composition or constitution of the relevant Future. 
"Material Change in Formula" means the occurrence since the Trade Date of a material change in the formula 
for or the method of calculating the relevant Future Reference Price. 
"Maximum Days of Disruption" means, unless specified otherwise in the Issue Terms, five Scheduled 
Trading Days.  
"Price Source" means, in respect of a Future Reference Price, the price source, providing the relevant price of 
the Future, specified as such in the Issue Terms.

--- Page 325 ---
Underlying Specific Conditions 
Future Linked Conditions 
 
321 
 
"Price Source Disruption" means (a) the failure of the Price Source to announce or publish the Future 
Reference Price (or the information necessary for determining the Future Reference Price) or (b) the temporary 
or permanent discontinuance or unavailability of the Price Source. 
"Reference Dealers" means four leading dealers in the relevant Futures market selected by the Calculation 
Agent. 
"Relevant Level" means, in respect of a Future, a level for such Future which is relevant for the Securities. 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means: 
(a) 
where the Level for the relevant Future is announced or published by an Exchange, any day that is (or, 
but for the occurrence of a Market Disruption Event, would have been) a day on which each relevant 
Exchange is open for trading during its regular trading sessions and notwithstanding any such 
Exchange closing prior to its scheduled closing time; or 
(b) 
a day in respect of which the relevant Price Source published (or, but for the occurrence of a Market 
Disruption Event, would have published) a price for the relevant Future. 
"Scheduled Underlying Valuation Date" means, in respect of an Underlying Valuation Date, the original 
relevant date that, but for the occurrence of an event causing a Disrupted Day, would have been such 
Underlying Valuation Date. 
"Special Circumstance" has the meaning given to that term in General Condition 4.5 (Early Redemption for 
Special Circumstance), unless modified in these Underlying Specific Conditions. 
"Tax Disruption" means the imposition of, change in or removal of an excise, severance, sales, use, value-
added, transfer, stamp, documentary, recording or similar tax on, or measured by reference to, the relevant 
Future (other than a tax on, or measured by reference to overall gross or net income) by any government or 
taxation authority after the Trade Date, if the direct effect of such imposition, change or removal is to raise or 
lower the Relevant Level on the day that would otherwise be an Underlying Valuation Date from what it would 
have been without that imposition, change or removal. 
"Trading Disruption" means the material suspension of, or the material limitation imposed on, trading in the 
relevant Future on the Exchange or in any additional futures or options on any Exchange as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms. For these purposes: 
(a) 
a suspension of the trading in the Future on any Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be material 
only if: 
(i) 
all trading in the Future is suspended for the entire Underlying Valuation Date; or 
(ii) 
all trading in the Future is suspended subsequent to the opening of trading on the Underlying 
Valuation Date, trading does not recommence prior to the regularly scheduled close of trading 
in such Future on such Underlying Valuation Date and such suspension is announced less than 
one hour preceding its commencement; and 
(b) 
a limitation of trading in the relevant Future on any Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be 
material only if the relevant Exchange establishes limits on the range within which the price of the 
relevant Future may fluctuate and the closing or settlement price of the relevant Future on such day is 
at the upper or lower limit of that range. 
"Underlying Valuation Date" means each of the following (a) each Automatic Early Redemption Valuation 
Date, (b) Coupon Valuation Date, (c) Redemption Valuation Date, (d) Strike Date and (e) each other relevant 
date on which the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent is required under the Conditions to determine the level of a 
Future, in each case, subject to adjustment in accordance with the Future Linked Conditions.

--- Page 326 ---
Underlying Specific Conditions 
Interest Benchmark Linked Conditions 
 
322 
 
INTEREST BENCHMARK LINKED CONDITIONS 
 
The provisions of these Interest Benchmark Linked Conditions shall apply to Securities in respect of each 
Reference Rate or Underlying which is an Interest Benchmark. 
1. 
Definitions 
"Adjustable Terms" means each of the Initial Level, the formula for calculation the return of the relevant 
Interest Benchmark, any other component or variable relevant for the determination of the price or return of 
the relevant Interest Benchmark or the maturity consideration, as specified in the Issue Terms.  
"Basket Component" means each Interest Benchmark composed within a basket of Underlyings. 
"Interest Benchmark" means, subject to adjustment in accordance with the Interest Benchmark Linked 
Conditions, each interest benchmark specified in the Issue Terms for the Securities either  
(i)  
based on its published value or  
(ii)  
based on a certain calculation method using one or more values of a published interest period over a 
certain period of time,  
each as specified in accordance with the terms for Screen Rate Determination or the terms for ISDA 
Determination specified in the Issue Terms, and related expressions shall be construed accordingly. In 
particular, any of the following may be an Interest Benchmark: 
(a) 
EURIBOR; 
(b) 
SONIA; 
(c) 
SOFR; 
(d) 
€STR; 
(e) 
SARON; 
(f) 
CMS Rate. 
"Level" means, in respect of an Interest Benchmark and any relevant day, the rate or level determined pursuant 
to the applicable terms for Screen Rate Determination or ISDA Determination specified in the Issue Terms, 
and subject to an alternative determination set out in these Underlying Linked Conditions. 
"Special Circumstance" has the meaning given to that term in Condition 4.5 (Early Redemption for Special 
Circumstance) of the General Conditions, unless modified in these Underlying Specific Conditions. 
"Underlying Valuation Date" means each of the following (a) each Automatic Early Redemption Valuation 
Date, (b) Coupon Valuation Date and/or Underlying Determination Date, (c) Redemption Valuation Date, (d) 
Strike Date and (e) each other relevant date on which the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent is required under the 
Conditions to determine the level of an Index Benchmark, in each case, subject to adjustment in accordance 
with the Interest Benchmark Linked Conditions.

--- Page 327 ---
Underlying Specific Conditions 
Interest Benchmark Linked Conditions 
 
323 
 
2. 
Temporary Non-Availability 
2.1 
EURIBOR and Reference Banks 
These provisions shall apply where the Interest Benchmark is specified as "EURIBOR": 
(a) 
If no Level appears on the Screen Page at the Relevant Time on the Underlying Valuation Date or, if 
so required pursuant to the Payout Conditions, fewer than two Relevant Rates appear on the Screen 
Page at the Relevant Time on the Underlying Valuation Date, subject as provided below, the Level 
shall be the arithmetic mean of the levels for the Interest Benchmark which each of the Reference 
Banks is quoting to major banks in the Relevant Financial Centre at the Relevant Time on the 
Underlying Valuation Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent; and 
(b) 
if paragraph (a) above applies, and the Issuer determines that fewer than two Reference Banks are so 
quoting levels for the Interest Benchmark, subject as provided below, the Level shall be the arithmetic 
mean of the rates per annum (expressed as a percentage) which the Calculation Agent determines to 
be the rates (being the nearest equivalent to the Level) in respect of a Representative Amount of the 
Specified Currency which at least two out of five leading banks selected by the Issuer in the principal 
financial centre of the country of the Specified Currency or, if the Specified Currency is euro, in the 
Euro-zone as selected by the Issuer (the "Principal Financial Centre") are quoting at or about the 
Relevant Time on the date on which such banks would customarily quote such rates for a period 
commencing on the Effective Date for a period equivalent to the Specified Duration to leading banks 
carrying on business in the Principal Financial Centre; except that, if fewer than two of such banks are 
so quoting to leading banks in the Principal Financial Centre, the Level shall be the Level determined 
on the previous Underlying Valuation Date (after readjustment for any difference between any Margin, 
Coupon Multiplier or Cap or Floor applicable to the preceding Coupon Period and to the relevant 
Coupon Period). 
2.2 
CMS Rate 
These provisions shall apply where the Interest Benchmark is specified as, or is calculated using the "CMS 
Rate": 
(a) 
If the Screen Page is not available, the applicable Level will be determined by the Calculation Agent 
in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. 
(b) 
If the Screen Page is not available, the Issuer (or an agent appointed by the Issuer) shall request each 
of the Reference Banks to provide the Issuer (or such agent appointed by the Issuer) with its quotation 
for the level of the Interest Benchmark at approximately the Relevant Time on the Underlying 
Determination Date in question. If at least three of the Reference Banks provide the Issuer (or such 
agent appointed by the Issuer) with such quotation, the Level for such Coupon Period shall be the 
arithmetic mean of such quotations, eliminating the highest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one 
of the highest) and the lowest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the lowest). 
(c) 
If on any Underlying Valuation Date fewer than three or none of the Reference Banks provides the 
Issuer (or an agent appointed by the Issuer) with such quotations as provided in the preceding 
paragraph, the Level shall be determined as at the last preceding Underlying Valuation Date (though 
substituting, where a different Margin, Coupon Multiplier, Cap and/or Floor is to be applied to the 
relevant Coupon Period from that which applied to the last preceding Coupon Period, such Margin, 
Coupon Multiplier, Cap and/or Floor relating to the relevant Coupon Period, in place of that relating 
to that last preceding Coupon Period). 
2.3 
SONIA 
These provisions shall apply where the Interest Benchmark is specified as, or is calculated using "SONIA":

--- Page 328 ---
Underlying Specific Conditions 
Interest Benchmark Linked Conditions 
 
324 
 
If in respect of any London Banking Day, the Calculation Agent determines that the SONIA reference rate is 
not available on the Screen Page or has not otherwise been published by the relevant authorised distributors, 
the SONIA reference rate shall be: 
(a) 
(i) the Bank of England's Bank Rate (the "Bank Rate") prevailing at 5:00 p.m. (or, if earlier, close of 
business) on the relevant London Banking Day; plus (ii) the mean of the spread of the SONIA reference 
rate to the Bank Rate over the previous five London Business Days on which a SONIA reference rate 
has been published, excluding the highest spread (or, if there is more than one highest spread, one only 
of those highest spreads) and lowest spread (or, if there is more than one lowest spread, one only of 
those lowest spreads) to the Bank Rate; or 
(b) 
if the Bank Rate is not published by the Bank of England as set out in subparagraph (a) above on the 
relevant London Banking Day, the SONIA reference rate published on the Screen Page (or otherwise 
published by the relevant authorised distributors) for the immediately preceding London Banking Day 
on which the SONIA reference rate was published on the Screen Page (or otherwise published by the 
relevant authorised distributors). 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event the Bank of England publishes guidance as to (i) how the SONIA 
rate is to be determined or (ii) any rate that is to replace the SONIA rate, the Calculation Agent shall, subject 
to receiving written instructions from the Issuer and to the extent that it is reasonably practicable, follow such 
guidance in order to determine the SONIA reference rate for purposes of Securities of the relevant Series for 
so long as the SONIA reference rate is not available or has not been published by the authorised distributors. 
2.4 
SOFR 
These provisions shall apply where the Interest Benchmark is specified as, or is calculated using "SOFR": 
If SOFR does not appear on the SOFR Administrator's Website at the SOFR Determination Time: 
(a) 
if both a Benchmark Transition Event (as defined in Interest Benchmark Linked Condition 3.8(b) 
(Certain Defined Terms)) and its related Benchmark Replacement Date (as defined in Interest 
Benchmark Linked Condition 3.8(b) (Certain Defined Terms)) have not occurred, the Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate as published in respect of the first preceding U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day for which the Secured Overnight Financing Rate was published on the SOFR 
Administrator's Website; or 
(b) 
if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred, then 
SOFR shall be determined to be the rate determined in accordance with Benchmark Linked 
Condition 3.8 (Benchmark Replacement Provisions – Compounded SOFR). 
2.5 
€STR 
These provisions shall apply where the Interest Benchmark is specified as, or is calculated using "€STR": 
Subject to Interest Benchmark Linked Condition 3.9 (Benchmark Replacement Provisions – €STR reference 
rate), if the €STR reference rate does not appear on ECB's Website on a T2 Business Day, unless both an 
€STR Index Cessation Event and an €STR Index Cessation Effective Date (each as defined below) have 
occurred, Level shall be a rate equal to level for the Interest Benchmark in respect of the last T2 Business Day 
for which such Interest Benchmark was published on the ECB's Website. 
2.6 
SARON 
These provisions shall apply where the Interest Benchmark is specified as, or is calculated using "SARON": 
Subject to Interest Benchmark Linked Condition 3.10 (Benchmark Replacement Provisions – SARON 
Compounded), if SARON does not so appear on the SARON Administrator Website or is not so published by 
the Relevant Time on such Zurich Banking Day and a SARON Index Cessation Event and a SARON Index 
Cessation Effective Date have not both occurred on or prior to such Zurich Banking Day, the Level published

--- Page 329 ---
Underlying Specific Conditions 
Interest Benchmark Linked Conditions 
 
325 
 
by the SARON Administrator on the SARON Administrator Website for the first preceding Zurich Banking 
Day on which SARON was published by the SARON Administrator on the SARON Administrator Website. 
2.7 
SONIA Index 
These provisions shall apply where the Interest Benchmark is specified as, or is calculated using "SONIA 
Index": 
If the SONIA Compounded Index is not published or displayed by the administrator of the SONIA reference 
rate or other information service at the relevant time on any relevant Index Determination Date, the 
Compounded Daily SONIA rate (Index) for the applicable Coupon Period for which SONIA Compounded 
Index is not available shall be "Compounded Daily SONIA" determined in accordance with Payout Condition 
2.9(c) (Definitions applicable to Screen Rate Determination) as if Compounded Index Rate is not specified as 
being applicable in the applicable Issue Terms.  
For these purposes, the "Calculation Method" shall be deemed to be "Compounded Daily Rate", the Relevant 
Number specified in the applicable Issue Terms shall be the "Observation Look-back Period" and "Observation 
Method" shall be deemed to be "Shift" as if Compounded Index Rate is not specified as being applicable and 
these alternative elections had been made. 
2.8 
SOFR Index 
These provisions shall apply where the Interest Benchmark is specified as, or is calculated using "SOFR 
Index": 
If a SOFR Index value does not so appear at the SOFR Index Determination Time, then: 
(i) 
if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have not 
occurred with respect to SOFR, then SOFR Index shall be the rate determined pursuant to the 
"SOFR Index Unavailable" provisions (defined below); or 
(ii) 
if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred 
in respect of SOFR, then SOFR Index shall be as determined pursuant to Interest Benchmark 
Linked Condition 3 (Permanent Cessation of Benchmarks). 
"SOFR Index Unavailable" means if SOFR IndexStart or SOFR IndexEnd is not published on the associated 
Underlying Determination Date and a Benchmark Transition Event (as defined in Interest Benchmark Linked 
Condition 3.8(b) (Certain Defined Terms)) and its related Benchmark Replacement Date (as defined in Interest 
Benchmark Linked Condition 3.8(b) (Certain Defined Terms)) have not occurred with respect to SOFR, 
"Floating Coupon" means, for the applicable Coupon Period for which such index is not available, the rate of 
return on a daily compounded interest investment calculated by the Calculation Agent on the relevant 
Underlying Determination Date in accordance with the formula for SOFR Averages, and the definitions 
required for such formula, published on the SOFR Administrator's Website. For the purposes of this provision, 
references in the SOFR Averages compounding formula and related definitions to "calculation period" shall 
be replaced with "SOFR Observation Period" as defined below, and the words "that is, 30-, 90-, or 180- 
calendar days" shall be removed. If the SOFRi does not so appear for any day, "i" in the SOFR Observation 
Period, SOFRi shall be SOFR published in respect of the preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
for which SOFR was published on the SOFR Administrator's Website; 
2.9 
General Fallback 
In the event that the Level cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions, but without 
prejudice to Payout Condition 2 (Coupon Features), the Level applicable to the Securities during the relevant 
Coupon Period will be the Level last determined in relation to the Securities in respect of the last preceding 
Coupon Period (though substituting, where a different margin or cap or floor, however defined, is to be applied 
to the relevant Coupon Period from that which applied to the last preceding Coupon Period, the coupon or cap

--- Page 330 ---
Underlying Specific Conditions 
Interest Benchmark Linked Conditions 
 
326 
 
or floor relating to the relevant Coupon Period, in place of the margin or cap or floor relating to that last 
preceding Coupon Period). 
3. 
Permanent Cessation of Benchmarks 
This Interest Benchmark Linked Condition 3 applies with respect to all Securities in respect of each Underlying 
which is an Interest Benchmark if and to the extent the Payout Conditions do not provide more specific 
provisions on benchmark events or index cessations: 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate 
when any Level (or any component part(s) thereof) remains to be determined by reference to such Original 
Reference Rate, then the Issuer shall determine a Successor Rate, or if there is no Successor Rate, an 
Alternative Rate (in accordance with Interest Benchmark Linked Condition 3.1 (Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate)) and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread if any (in accordance with Interest Benchmark Linked 
Condition 3.2 (Adjustment Spread))) and any Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with Interest 
Benchmark Linked Condition 3.3 (Benchmark Amendments)).  
If the Issuer is unable to make the determination set out in Interest Benchmark Linked Conditions 3.1 
(Successor Rate or Alternative Rate), 3.2 (Adjustment Spread) and 3.3 (Benchmark Amendments), the Issuer 
may make such determinations itself, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, and 
having such regard as it shall think fit to the foregoing provisions, any relevant and applicable market 
precedents as well as any published guidance from relevant associations involved in the establishment of 
market standards and/or protocols in the international debt capital markets, and subject always to any Cap 
and/or Floor (or any equivalent terms for Caps and Floors) specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
3.1 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Issuer determines that: 
(a) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in Interest 
Benchmark Linked Condition 3.2 (Adjustment Spread)) subsequently be used in place of the Original 
Reference Rate to determine the Level (or the relevant component part(s) thereof) for all future 
payments of interest on the Securities (subject to the operation of these Interest Benchmark Linked 
Conditions); or 
(b) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such Alternative Rate shall 
(subject to adjustment as provided in Interest Benchmark Linked Condition 3.2 (Adjustment Spread)) 
subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the 
relevant component part(s) thereof) for all future payments of interest on the Securities (subject to the 
operation of these Interest Benchmark Linked Conditions). 
3.2 
Adjustment Spread 
If the Issuer determines (i) that an Adjustment Spread is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and (ii) the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, 
such Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative 
Rate (as the case may be). 
3.3 
Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and, in either case, the applicable Adjustment Spread is determined 
in accordance with these Interest Benchmark Linked Conditions and the Issuer acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner, determines (i) that amendments to the conditions in these Interest 
Benchmark Linked Conditions are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate and/or (in either case) the applicable Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the "Benchmark 
Amendments") and (ii) the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving 
notice thereof in accordance with Payout Condition 3.4 (Notices, etc.), vary the conditions in Payout Condition

--- Page 331 ---
Underlying Specific Conditions 
Interest Benchmark Linked Conditions 
 
327 
 
2 (Coupon Features) to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified in 
such notice. 
No consent of Securityholders shall be required in connection with effecting the relevant Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate (as may be applicable) and/or any Benchmark Amendments, or varying the conditions in 
Payout Condition 2 (Coupon Features), to give effect to such changes pursuant to this Interest Benchmark 
Linked Condition 3, including for the execution of any documents thereto or the taking of any steps by the 
Issuer or any parties to any relevant documents (if required). 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Interest Benchmark Linked Condition 3.3, the 
Issuer shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Securities are for the time being listed 
or admitted to trading. 
3.4 
Notices, etc. 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any Benchmark 
Amendments, determined under this Interest Benchmark Linked Condition 3 will be notified promptly by the 
Issuer to the Calculation Agent and, in accordance with General Condition 12 (Notices), the Securityholders. 
Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
(as may be applicable), the Adjustment Spread, and/or the Benchmark Amendments, if any. 
The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and the Benchmark Amendments 
(if any) specified in the notice will (in the absence of manifest error or bad faith in the determination of the 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and the Benchmark Amendments (if 
any)) be binding on the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and the Securityholders. 
3.5 
Survival of Original Reference Rate 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under Interest Benchmark Linked Conditions 3.1 (Successor 
Rate or Alternative Rate), 3.2 (Adjustment Spread) and 3.3 (Benchmark Amendments), the Original Reference 
Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in Interest Benchmark Linked Conditions 3.1 (Successor Rate 
or Alternative Rate) or 3.2 (Adjustment Spread) will continue to apply unless and until the Calculation Agent 
or Securityholders have been notified of the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be), and 
any Adjustment Spread (if applicable) and Benchmark Amendments, in accordance with Interest Benchmark 
Linked Condition 3.4. 
3.6 
Fallbacks 
If, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event and in relation to the determination of the Level on the 
immediately following Underlying Valuation Date no Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as the case may be) 
is determined pursuant to this Interest Benchmark Linked Condition 3, the Original Reference Rate and the 
fallback provisions provided for in Interest Benchmark Linked Conditions 3.1 (Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate) or 3.2 (Adjustment Spread) will continue to apply for the purposes of determining such Level on such 
Underlying Valuation Date. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the foregoing paragraph shall apply to the determination of the Level on the 
relevant Underlying Valuation Date, as the case may be only, and the Level applicable to any subsequent 
Coupon Periods(s), as the case may be is subject to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided 
in, this Interest Benchmark Linked Condition 3. 
3.7 
Definitions 
As used in this Interest Benchmark Linked Condition 3: 
"Adjustment Spread" means either (a) a spread (which may be positive or negative or zero), or (b) the formula 
or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the Issuer, following consultation with the 
Independent Adviser (if any) and acting in good faith and a commercially reasonable manner, determines is

--- Page 332 ---
Underlying Specific Conditions 
Interest Benchmark Linked Conditions 
 
328 
 
required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) to reduce or eliminate, 
to the extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may 
be) to Securityholders as a result of the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate 
or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(a) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the replacement of the Original 
Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(b) 
if no such formal recommendation has been made in relation to, replacement of the Original Reference 
Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body, the Issuer determines, following 
consultation with the Independent Adviser (if any) and acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, is customarily applied to the relevant Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as 
the case may be) in international debt capital markets transactions to produce an industry-accepted 
replacement rate for the Original Reference Rate; or 
(c) 
if the Issuer determines, following consultation with the Independent Adviser (if any) and acting in 
good faith and a commercially reasonable manner, that no such spread is customarily applied in 
international debt capital markets under (B) above, the Issuer determines, following consultation with 
the Independent Adviser (if any) and acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, is 
recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions 
which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate 
or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be); or 
(d) 
if the Issuer determines that no such spread is recognised or acknowledged as being the industry 
standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate 
under (C) above, the Issuer, in its discretion, following consultation with the Independent Adviser (if 
any) and acting in good faith and a commercially reasonable manner, determines to be appropriate. 
"Alternative Rate" means an alternative to the benchmark or screen rate which the Issuer determines in 
accordance with Payout Condition 2 (Coupon Features) has replaced the Original Reference Rate in customary 
market usage in the international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining rates of interest (or the 
relevant component part(s) thereof) for the same interest period and in the same Specified Currency as the 
Securities. 
"Benchmark Event" means: 
(a) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing be published for a period of at least five Business Days or ceasing 
to exist; or 
(b) 
the making of a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it has ceased 
or that it will cease publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in 
circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of 
the Original Reference Rate); or 
(c) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate 
that the Original Reference Rate has been or will be permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
(d) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate 
that the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used either generally or in respect of 
the Securities; or 
(e) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate 
that the Original Reference Rate is no longer representative of its relevant underlying market; or 
(f) 
it has become unlawful for any Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent or the Issuer to calculate any 
payments due to be made to any Securityholder using the Original Reference Rate (including, without

--- Page 333 ---
Underlying Specific Conditions 
Interest Benchmark Linked Conditions 
 
329 
 
limitation, under the Benchmarks Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (as amended from time to time), if 
applicable), 
(g) 
provided that the Benchmark Event shall be deemed to occur (i) in the case of sub-paragraphs (b) and 
(c) above, on the date of the cessation of publication of the Original Reference Rate or the 
discontinuation of the Original Reference Rate, as the case may be, (ii) in the case of sub- paragraph 
(d) above, on the date of the prohibition of use of the Original Reference Rate and (iii) in the case of 
sub-paragraph (e) above, on the date with effect from which the Original Reference Rate will no longer 
be (or will be deemed by the relevant supervisor to no longer be) representative of its relevant 
underlying market and which is specified in the relevant public statement, and, in each case, not the 
date of the relevant public statement. 
"Coupon Period" means, in case a specific definition is not used in the Payout Conditions, such period of time 
relevant for determining a specific Level. 
"Original Reference Rate" means either (i) the Interest Benchmark (as applicable) originally specified for the 
purposes of the Floating Coupon, Reference Price or as Underlying, as applicable, (or any component part(s) 
thereof, including without limitation, any component mid-swap floating rate leg) or (ii) any Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate which replaces the Original Reference Rate pursuant to the operation of this Interest 
Benchmark Linked Condition 3. 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a benchmark and screen rate (as applicable): 
(a) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark and screen rate (as applicable) relates, or any 
central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of 
the benchmark and screen rate (as applicable); or 
(b) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the request 
of (i) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark and screen rate (as applicable) relates, 
(ii) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of the benchmark and screen rate (as applicable), (iii) a group of the aforementioned 
central banks or other supervisory authorities or (iv) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof. 
"Reset Determination Date" means, in respect of a reset period, (a) each date specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms or, if none is so specified, (b) (i) if the Specified Currency is Sterling or Renminbi, the 
first Business Day of such reset period, (ii) if the Specified Currency is euro, the day falling two T2 Business 
Days prior to the first day of such reset period, (iii) if the Specified Currency is U.S. dollars, the day falling 
two U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the first day of such reset period (iv) for any other 
Specified Currency, the day falling two Business Days in the principal financial centre for such Specified 
Currency prior to the first day of such reset period. 
"Successor Rate" means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which is formally 
recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
3.8 
Benchmark Replacement Provisions – Compounded SOFR 
This Interest Benchmark Linked Condition 3.8 applies with respect to all Securities with Original Reference 
Rate used to calculate a coupon or a component thereof where the Calculation Method specified in the Issue 
Terms is Compounded SOFR. 
(a) 
Effect of a Benchmark Transition Event 
Benchmark Replacement. If the Issuer or its designee determines that a Benchmark Transition Event 
and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred prior to the Reference Time in respect of 
any determination of the Benchmark on any date, the Benchmark Replacement will replace the then-
current Benchmark for all purposes relating to the Securities in respect of such determination on such 
date and all determinations on all subsequent dates.

--- Page 334 ---
Underlying Specific Conditions 
Interest Benchmark Linked Conditions 
 
330 
 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes. In connection with the implementation of a 
Benchmark Replacement, the Issuer or its designee will have the right to make Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time. 
Decisions and Determinations. Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Issuer 
or its designee in consultation with the Issuer pursuant to the Benchmark Replacement Provisions 
described in this Interest Benchmark Linked Condition 3.8, including any determination with respect 
to tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date 
and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection: 
(i) 
will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error; 
(ii) 
if made by the Issuer, will be made in its sole discretion; 
(iii) 
if made by the Issuer's designee, will be made after consultation with the Issuer, and the 
designee will not make any such determination, decision or election to which the Issuer 
objects; and 
(iv) 
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Securities, shall become effective without 
consent from the Securityholders or any other party. 
If a designee of the Issuer does not make any determination, decision or election that it is required to 
make pursuant to the Benchmark Replacement Provisions described in this Interest Benchmark Linked 
Condition 3.8, then the Issuer will make that determination, decision or election on the same basis as 
described above. The designee shall have no liability for not making any such determination, decision 
or election. 
(b) 
Certain Defined Terms 
As used herein for Securities with an Original Reference Rate of Compounded SOFR: 
"Benchmark" means, initially, Compounded SOFR, as such term is defined above; provided that if a 
Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect 
to Compounded SOFR or the then-current Benchmark, then "Benchmark" means the applicable 
Benchmark Replacement. 
"Benchmark Replacement" means the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be 
determined by the Issuer or its designee as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(i) 
the sum of: (a) an alternate rate of interest that has been selected or recommended by the 
Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark for the 
applicable Corresponding Tenor and (b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
(ii) 
the sum of: (a) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; and 
(iii) 
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by the Issuer as the 
replacement for the then-current Benchmark for the applicable Corresponding Tenor giving 
due consideration to any industry-accepted rate of interest as a replacement for the then- 
current Benchmark for U.S. dollar denominated floating rate Securities at such time and (b) 
the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
"Benchmark Replacement Adjustment" means the first alternative set forth in the order below that 
can be determined by the Issuer or its designee as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(i) 
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero), or method for 
calculating or determining such spread adjustment that has been selected or recommended by 
the Relevant Governmental Body for the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement;

--- Page 335 ---
Underlying Specific Conditions 
Interest Benchmark Linked Conditions 
 
331 
 
(ii) 
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to the ISDA Fallback Rate, 
then the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; and 
(iii) 
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been 
selected by the Issuer giving due consideration to any industry-accepted spread adjustment, or 
method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of the then-
current Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for U.S. dollar 
denominated floating rate securities at such time. 
"Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes" means, with respect to any Benchmark 
Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes to Payout Condition 2 (including 
the timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, the rounding of 
amounts or tenors, and other administrative matters) that the Issuer or its designee decides may be 
appropriate to reflect the adoption of such Benchmark Replacement in a manner substantially 
consistent with market practice (or, if the Issuer or its designee decides that adoption of any portion of 
such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Issuer or its designee determines that no 
market practice for use of the Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner as the Issuer 
determines is reasonably practicable). 
"Benchmark Replacement Date" means the earliest to occur of the following events with respect to 
the then-current Benchmark (including the daily published component used in the calculations 
thereof): 
(i) 
in the case of clause (i) or (ii) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition Event," the later of 
(1) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein and (2) 
the date on which the administrator of the Benchmark permanently or indefinitely ceases to 
provide the Benchmark; or 
(ii) 
in the case of clause (iii) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition Event," the date of the 
public statement or publication of information referenced therein. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event giving rise to the Benchmark Replacement Date occurs on the 
same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any determination, the Benchmark 
Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference Time for such 
determination. 
For the avoidance of doubt, for purposes of the definitions of Benchmark Replacement Date and 
Benchmark Transition Event, references to Benchmark also include any reference rate underlying such 
Benchmark. 
"Benchmark Transition Event" means the occurrence of one or more of the following events with 
respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily published component used in the 
calculations thereof): 
(i) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of the 
Benchmark (or such component) announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease 
to provide the Benchmark (or such component), permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at 
the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue 
to provide the Benchmark (or such component); 
(ii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the Benchmark (or such component), the central bank for the currency of the 
Benchmark (or such component), an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the 
administrator for the Benchmark (or such component), a resolution authority with jurisdiction 
over the administrator for the Benchmark (or such component) or a court or an entity with 
similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for the Benchmark, which 
states that the administrator of the Benchmark has ceased or will cease to provide the

--- Page 336 ---
Underlying Specific Conditions 
Interest Benchmark Linked Conditions 
 
332 
 
Benchmark (or such component) permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such 
statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the 
Benchmark (or such component); or 
(iii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the Benchmark announcing that the Benchmark is no longer representative. 
"Corresponding Tenor" with respect to a Benchmark Replacement means a tenor (including 
overnight) having approximately the same length (disregarding business day adjustment) as the 
applicable tenor for the then-current Benchmark. 
"ISDA Definitions" means the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc. or any successor thereto, as amended or supplemented from time to time, 
or any successor definitional booklet for interest rate derivatives published from time to time. 
"ISDA Fallback Adjustment" means the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative 
value or zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions to be 
determined upon the occurrence of an index cessation event with respect to the Benchmark for the 
applicable tenor. 
"ISDA Fallback Rate" means the rate that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the 
ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the occurrence of an index cessation date with respect to the 
Benchmark for the applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment. 
"Reference Time" with respect to any determination of the Benchmark means (1) if the Benchmark 
is Compounded SOFR, the SOFR Determination Time or the SOFR Index Determination Time, as 
applicable, and (2) if the Benchmark is not Compounded SOFR, the time determined by the Issuer or 
its designee in accordance with the Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes. 
"Relevant Governmental Body" means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank 
of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve Board and/or 
the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or any successor thereto. 
"Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement" means the Benchmark Replacement excluding the 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
(c) 
Notices, etc. 
The occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date, any 
Benchmark Replacement, any Benchmark Replacement Adjustment and any Benchmark Replacement 
Confirming Changes determined under this Interest Benchmark Linked Condition 3 will be notified 
promptly by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent and, in accordance with General Condition 12 
(Notices), the Securityholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of 
the Benchmark Replacement, the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment and/or the Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes, if any. 
In no event shall the Calculation Agent be responsible for choosing any substitute for any Original 
Reference Rate, or for making any adjustments to any Benchmark Replacement, any Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment and/or any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes thereon, the 
Business Day, Underlying Determination Dates, Reset Determination Date or any other relevant 
methodology for calculating any such Benchmark Replacement, Benchmark Replacement Adjustment 
or Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, or for determining whether any Benchmark 
Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred, even in circumstances 
where the Issuer has not made such determinations. In connection with the foregoing, the Calculation 
Agent will be entitled to conclusively rely on any determinations made by the Issuer or its designee in 
compliance with this Interest Benchmark Linked Condition 3.8 and will have no liability in connection

--- Page 337 ---
Underlying Specific Conditions 
Interest Benchmark Linked Conditions 
 
333 
 
with the foregoing or for such actions taken at the direction of the Issuer. At no time shall the 
Calculation Agent have any responsibility in connection therewith. 
3.9 
Benchmark Replacement Provisions – €STR reference rate 
(a) 
Replacement Rate 
(i) 
If the €STR reference rate does not appear on a T2 Business Day and both an €STR Index 
Cessation Event and an €STR Index Cessation Effective Date have occurred, the rate for each 
T2 Business Day occurring on or after such €STR Index Cessation Effective Date will be 
determined as if references to "€STR" were references to the rate (inclusive of any spreads or 
adjustments) that was recommended as the replacement for €STR by the European Central 
Bank (or any successor administrator of €STR) and/or by a committee officially endorsed or 
convened by (i) the European Central Bank (or any successor administrator of €STR) and/or 
(ii) the European Securities and Markets Authority, in each case for the purpose of 
recommending a replacement for €STR (which rate may be produced by the European Central 
Bank or another administrator) (the "ECB Recommended Rate"),  
(ii) 
provided that, if no such rate has been recommended before the end of the first T2 Business 
Day following the €STR Index Cessation Effective Date, then the rate for each T2 Business 
Day occurring on or after such €STR Index Cessation Effective Date will be determined as if 
references to €STR were references to the Eurosystem Deposit Facility Rate, the rate on the 
deposit facility that banks may use to make overnight deposits with the Eurosystem, as 
published on the ECB's Website (the "EDFR") on such T2 Business Day plus the arithmetic 
mean of the daily difference between the €STR reference rate and the EDFR over an 
observation period of 30 T2 Business Days starting 30 T2 Business Days prior to the date on 
which the €STR Index Cessation Event occurs and ending on the T2 Business Day 
immediately preceding the day on which the €STR Index Cessation Event occurs (the "EDFR 
Spread"); 
(iii) 
provided further that, if both an ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event and an ECB 
Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date subsequently occur, then the rate for each 
T2 Business Day occurring on or after that ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation 
Effective Date will be determined as if references to "€STR" were references to the EDFR on 
such T2 Business Day plus the arithmetic mean of the daily difference between the ECB 
Recommended Rate and the EDFR over an observation period of 30 T2 Business Days starting 
30 T2 Business Days prior to the date on which the €STR Index Cessation Event occurs and 
ending on the T2 Business Day immediately preceding the date on which the ECB 
Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event occurs. 
In case an €STR Index Cessation Event and an €STR Index Cessation Effective Date occur, the Issuer 
will promptly notify the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 12 (Notices) and the 
Calculation Agent thereof and of the action taken according to the foregoing provisions. 
In the event that the Level cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions, but 
without prejudice to Interest Benchmark Linked Condition 3, (i) the Level applicable to the Securities 
during such Coupon Period will be the Level last determined in relation to the Securities in respect of 
the last preceding Coupon Period (though substituting, where a different margin or cap or floor, 
however defined, is to be applied to the relevant Coupon Period from that which applied to the last 
preceding Coupon Period, the margin or cap or floor relating to the relevant Coupon Period, in place 
of the margin or cap or floor relating to that last preceding Coupon Period) or (ii) if there is no such 
preceding Underlying Determination Date, the Level shall be determined as if references to €STR for 
each T2 Business Day in the relevant Coupon Period occurring on or after the €STR Index Cessation 
Effective Date were references to the latest published ECB Recommended Rate or, if the EDFR is 
published on a later date than the latest published ECB Recommended Rate, the latest published EDFR 
plus the EDFR Spread. If an €STR Index Cessation Event and an €STR Index Cessation Effective

--- Page 338 ---
Underlying Specific Conditions 
Interest Benchmark Linked Conditions 
 
334 
 
Date occurs, the Issuer will promptly notify the Calculation Agent of such occurrence and of the action 
taken according to the foregoing provisions. 
(b) 
Certain Defined Terms 
ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event" means the occurrence of one or more of the 
following events: 
(A) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of the 
ECB Recommended Rate announcing that it has ceased or will cease to provide the ECB 
Recommended Rate permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at that time, there is no 
successor administrator that will continue to provide the ECB Recommended Rate; or 
(B) 
a public statement or the publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate, the central bank for the currency of the ECB 
Recommended Rate, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator of the ECB 
Recommended Rate, a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator of the ECB 
Recommended Rate or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over 
the administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate, which states that the administrator of the 
ECB Recommended Rate has ceased or will cease to provide the ECB Recommended Rate 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at that time, there is no successor administrator that 
will continue to publish or provide the ECB Recommended Rate; 
"ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date" means, in respect of an ECB 
Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event, the first date on which the ECB Recommended Rate 
would ordinarily have been provided and is no longer provided; 
"€STR Index Cessation Event" means the occurrence of one or more of the following events: 
(a) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of €STR 
announcing that it has ceased or will cease to provide €STR permanently or indefinitely, 
provided that, at that time, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide 
€STR; or 
(b) 
a public statement or the publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of €STR, the central bank for the currency of €STR, an insolvency official with 
jurisdiction over the administrator of €STR, a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the 
administrator of €STR or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority 
over the administrator of €STR, which states that the administrator of €STR has ceased or will 
cease to provide €STR permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at that time, there is no 
successor administrator that will continue to publish or provide €STR; 
"€STR Index Cessation Effective Date" means, in respect of an €STR Index Cessation Event, the 
first date on which €STR would ordinarily have been provided and is no longer provided; 
3.10 
Benchmark Replacement Provisions – SARON Compounded 
This Interest Benchmark Linked Condition 3.10 applies with respect to all Structured Securities with Original 
Reference Rate used to calculate a Rate of Interest or a component thereof where the Original Reference Rate 
is SARON Compounded. 
(a) 
Replacement Rate 
If SARON does not so appear on the SARON Administrator Website or is not so published by the 
Relevant Time on such Zurich Banking Day and a SARON Index Cessation Event and a SARON 
Index Cessation Effective Date have both occurred on or prior to such Zurich Banking Day:

--- Page 339 ---
Underlying Specific Conditions 
Interest Benchmark Linked Conditions 
 
335 
 
(i) 
the rate resulting from calculating SARON for such Zurich Banking Day in accordance with 
the foregoing provisions as if the reference to SARON in such definition were a reference to 
the Recommended Replacement Rate, giving effect to the Recommended Adjustment Spread, 
if any; or 
(ii) 
if there is no Recommended Replacement Rate within one Zurich Banking Day of the SARON 
Index Cessation Effective Date, the policy rate of the Swiss National Bank (the "SNB Policy 
Rate ") for such Zurich Banking Day, giving effect to the SNB Adjustment Spread, if any. 
Any substitution of the SARON rate by the Recommended Replacement Rate or the SNB Policy Rate 
as specified above will remain effective for the remaining term to maturity of such Securities. 
Notwithstanding the above, if the provisions of this paragraph (a) fail to provide a means of 
determining the Level, Interest Benchmark Linked Condition 3.6 (Fallbacks) shall apply. 
(b) 
SARON Benchmark Amendments 
If the Issuer (i) is required to use a Recommended Replacement Rate or the SNB Policy Rate pursuant 
to the definition of "SARON" for purposes of determining SARON for any Zurich Banking Day, and 
(ii) determines that any changes to the definitions of Business Day, Day Count Fraction, Underlying 
Determination Date, Coupon Period, SARON Observation Period, Relevant Time, SARON, SARON 
Administrator, SARON Administrator Website or Zurich Business Day or any other amendments to 
the Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement (collectively, the "SARON Benchmark Amendments 
") are necessary in order to use such Recommended Replacement Rate (and any Recommended 
Adjustment Spread) or the SNB Policy Rate (and any SNB Adjustment Spread), as the case may be, 
for such purposes, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof as specified below, vary these 
Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement to give effect to such SARON Benchmark Amendments 
with effect from the date specified in such notice. 
No consent or approval of Securityholders shall be required in connection with effecting the 
Recommended Replacement Rate (and any Recommended Adjustment Spread) or the SNB Policy 
Rate (and any SNB Adjustment Spread), as the case may be, and/or any SARON Benchmark 
Amendments, or varying these Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement to give effect to such changes 
pursuant to these provisions, including the execution of any documents or the taking of any steps by 
the Issuer or any parties to any relevant documents (if required). 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with these provisions, the Issuer shall comply with 
the rules of any stock exchange on which the relevant Securities are at that time listed or admitted to 
trading. 
(c) 
Notices, etc. 
The occurrence of a SARON Index Cessation Event and SARON Index Cessation Effective Date any 
Recommended Replacement Rate, Recommended Adjustment Spread or SNB Adjustment Spread, and 
the specific terms of any SARON Benchmark Amendments, determined under these provisions will 
be notified promptly by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent and, in accordance with General Condition 
12 (Notices), the Securityholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective 
date(s) for such and for the Recommended Replacement Rate, Recommended Adjustment Spread or 
SNB Adjustment Spread, SARON Benchmark Amendments, if any. 
The Recommended Replacement Rate (and any Recommended Adjustment Spread) or the SNB Policy 
Rate (and any SNB Adjustment Spread), as the case may be, specified in the notice will (in the absence 
of manifest error or bad faith in the determination of the Recommended Replacement Rate (and any 
Recommended Adjustment Spread) or the SNB Policy Rate (and any SNB Adjustment Spread), as the 
case may be, and the SARON Benchmark Amendments (if any)) be binding on the Issuer, the 
Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and the Securityholders.

--- Page 340 ---
Underlying Specific Conditions 
Interest Benchmark Linked Conditions 
 
336 
 
(d) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under this Interest Benchmark Linked Condition 3.10, 
the Original Reference Rate and the fallback provision in Interest Benchmark Linked Condition 2.6 
(SARON) will continue to apply unless and until the Calculation Agent has been notified of the 
Recommended Replacement Rate and any Recommended Adjustment Spread or SNB Adjustment 
Spread (if applicable) and the SARON Benchmark Amendments, in accordance with Interest 
Benchmark Linked Condition 3.10 (b). 
(e) 
Fallbacks 
If, following the occurrence of a SARON Index Cessation Event and a SARON Index Cessation Event 
Effective Date and in relation to the determination of the Rate of Interest on the immediately following 
Underlying Determination Date or Reset Determination Date, as the case may be, no Recommended 
Replacement Rate is determined pursuant to this Interest Benchmark Linked Condition 3.10, the 
Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in Interest Benchmark Linked 
Condition 2.6 (SARON) will continue to apply for the purposes of determining such Rate of Interest 
on such Underlying Determination Date or Reset Determination Date, as the case may be. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the foregoing paragraph shall apply to the determination of the Rate of 
Interest on the relevant Underlying Determination Date or Reset Determination Date, as the case may be 
only, and the Rate of Interest applicable to any subsequent Coupon Periods(s) or reset periods, as the 
case may be, is subject to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, this Interest 
Benchmark Linked Condition 3.10. 
(f) 
Definitions 
As used in this Interest Benchmark Linked Condition 3.10: 
"Recommended Replacement Rate" means the rate that has been recommended as the replacement 
for SARON by any working group or committee in Switzerland organised in the same or a similar 
manner as the National Working Group on Swiss Franc Reference Rates that was founded in 2013 for 
purposes of, among other things, considering proposals to reform reference interest rates in 
Switzerland (any such working group or committee, the "Recommending Body"); 
"Recommended Adjustment Spread" means, with respect to any Recommended Replacement Rate, 
the spread (which may be positive, negative or zero), or formula or methodology for calculating such 
a spread, 
(i) 
that the Recommending Body has recommended be applied to such Recommended Replacement 
Rate in the case of fixed income securities with respect to which such Recommended 
Replacement Rate has replaced SARON as the reference rate for the purposes of determining the 
applicable rate of interest thereon; or 
(ii) 
if the Recommending Body has not recommended such a spread, formula or methodology as 
described in (a) above, to be applied to such Recommended Replacement Rate in order to 
reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable under the circumstances, any 
economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to Securityholders as a result of the replacement 
of SARON with such Recommended Replacement Rate for purposes of determining SARON, 
which spread will be determined by the Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and a 
commercially reasonable manner, and be consistent with industry-accepted practices for fixed 
income securities with respect to which such Recommended Replacement Rate has replaced 
SARON as the reference rate for purposes of determining the applicable rate of interest 
thereon; 
"SARON Administrator" has the meaning specified in Payout Condition 2.9(j);

--- Page 341 ---
Underlying Specific Conditions 
Interest Benchmark Linked Conditions 
 
337 
 
"SARON Administrator Website" has the meaning specified in Payout Condition 2.9(j); 
"SARON Index Cessation Event" means the occurrence of one or more of the following events: 
(i) 
public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the SARON Administrator, 
or by any competent authority, announcing or confirming that the SARON Administrator has 
ceased or will cease to provide SARON permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time 
of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to 
provide SARON; or 
(ii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the SARON Administrator or any competent 
authority announcing that (x) SARON is no longer representative or will as of a certain date no 
longer be representative, or (y) SARON may no longer be used after a certain date, which 
statement, in the case of subclause (y), is applicable to (but not necessarily limited to) fixed 
income securities and derivatives. 
"SARON Index Cessation Effective Date" means, in respect of a SARON Index Cessation Event, 
the earliest of: 
(i) 
(in the case of a SARON Index Cessation Event described in clause (i) of the definition 
thereof) the date on which the SARON Administrator ceases to provide SARON; 
(ii) 
(in the case of a SARON Index Cessation Event described in clause (ii)(x) of the definition 
thereof) the latest of: 
(A) 
the date of such statement or publication; 
(B) 
the date, if any, specified in such statement or publication as the date on which 
SARON will no longer be representative; and 
(C) 
if a SARON Cessation Event described in clause (ii)(y) of the definition of SARON 
Index Cessation Event has occurred on or prior to either or both dates specified in 
subclauses (A) and (B) of this clause (ii), the date as of which SARON may no longer 
be used; and 
(iii) 
(in the case of a SARON Index Cessation Event described in clause (ii)(y) of the definition 
thereof) the date as of which SARON may no longer be used. 
"SNB Adjustment Spread" means, with respect to the SNB Policy Rate, the spread to be applied to 
the SNB Policy Rate in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable under the 
circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to Securityholders as a result of the 
replacement of SARON with the SNB Policy Rate for purposes of determining SARON, which spread 
will be determined by the Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and a commercially reasonable 
manner, taking into account the historical median of SARON and the SNB Policy Rate during the two-
year period ending on the date on which the SARON Index Cessation Event occurred (or, if more than 
one SARON Index Cessation Event has occurred, the date on which the first of such events occurred). 
4. 
Early Redemption for Administrator/Benchmark Event 
These provisions shall apply to Securities in respect of each Underlying which is an Interest Benchmark: 
Where Early Redemption Amount(s) per Notional Amount payable on redemption for an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event is specified as being "applicable" in the applicable Issue Terms, in the event 
of an Administrator/Benchmark Event, the Issuer may (at its option and sole and absolute discretion): 
(g) 
instruct the Calculation Agent to make such adjustment(s) to the Adjustable Terms and the Interest 
Benchmark of the Securities as it may determine appropriate in its reasonable discretion to account for 
the relevant event or circumstance and, without limitation, such adjustment(s) may include selecting a

--- Page 342 ---
Underlying Specific Conditions 
Interest Benchmark Linked Conditions 
 
338 
 
successor benchmark(s) and making related adjustment(s) to the terms of the Securities including 
where applicable to reflect any increased costs of the Issuer providing exposure to the successor 
benchmark(s) and, in the case of more than one successor benchmark, making provision for allocation 
of exposure as between the successor benchmarks; or 
(h) 
having given not less than the minimum period and not more than the maximum period of notice 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms to Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 12 
(Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable), may, on expiry of such notice redeem all, but not some 
only, of the Securities, each Security being redeemed at the Early Redemption Amount and no further 
interest (if applicable) will be payable since the immediately preceding Coupon Payment Date or, if 
none, the Issue Date. In respect of Bail-inable Securities, where the redemption would lead to a breach 
of the Issuer's TLAC requirements, such redemption will be subject to the prior approval of the 
Superintendent. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the above is additional, and without prejudice, to any other terms of the Securities. 
In the event that under any such terms any other consequences could apply in relation to an event or occurrence 
the subject of an Administrator/Benchmark Event, the Issuer shall determine which terms shall apply in its 
reasonable discretion. 
The Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable to Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 12 
(Notices) of any adjustment(s) made pursuant to paragraph (i) above, provided that any failure to give, or non-
receipt of, such notice shall not affect the validity of such adjustment(s). 
For the purposes of this Interest Benchmark Linked Condition 4: 
"Administrator/Benchmark Event" means, in relation to any Benchmark, the occurrence of a 
Benchmark Modification or Cessation Event, a Non-Approval Event, a Rejection Event, a 
Suspension/Withdrawal Event or a Non-Representative Event, all as determined by the Calculation 
Agent. 
"Benchmark" means any figure, level, rate or value by reference to which any amount payable or 
deliverable under the Securities, or the value of the Securities, is determined in whole or in part, 
including, without limitation, any benchmark as defined in the BMR, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
"Benchmark Modification or Cessation Event" means, in respect of the Benchmark, any of the 
following has occurred or will occur: 
(i) 
any material change in such Benchmark; 
(ii) 
the permanent or indefinite cancellation or cessation in the provision of such Benchmark; or 
(iii) 
a regulator or other official sector entity prohibits the use of such Benchmark. 
"BMR" means the EU Benchmark Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011) or any United Kingdom 
"on-shored" version thereof where applicable, in each case as amended from time to time. 
"Non-Approval Event" means, in respect of the Benchmark: 
(i) 
any authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision or approval in 
respect of the Benchmark or the administrator or sponsor of the Benchmark has not been or 
will not be obtained; 
(ii) 
the Benchmark or the administrator or sponsor of the Benchmark has not been or will not be 
included in an official register; or

--- Page 343 ---
Underlying Specific Conditions 
Interest Benchmark Linked Conditions 
 
339 
 
(iii) 
the Benchmark or the administrator or sponsor of the Benchmark does not or will not fulfil 
any legal or regulatory requirement applicable to the Securities, the Issuer, the Calculation 
Agent or the Benchmark, 
in each case, as is or will be required under any applicable law or regulation in order for any of the 
Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any other entity to perform its obligations in respect of the Securities. 
"Non-Representative Event" means, in respect of the Benchmark, an official announcement by the 
supervisor of the administrator and/or sponsor of the Benchmark that the Benchmark is no longer or, 
as of a specified future date will no longer be, representative of any relevant underlying market(s). 
"Rejection Event" means, in respect of the Benchmark, the relevant competent authority or other 
relevant official body rejects or refuses or will reject or refuse any application for authorisation, 
registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision, approval or inclusion in any official 
register which, in each case, is or will be required in relation to the Securities, the Benchmark or the 
administrator or sponsor of the Benchmark under any applicable law or regulation for any of the Issuer, 
the Calculation Agent or any other entity to perform its obligations in respect of the Securities. 
"Suspension/Withdrawal Event" means, in respect of the Benchmark: 
(i) 
the relevant competent authority or other relevant official body suspends or withdraws or will 
suspend or withdraw any authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence 
decision or approval in relation to the Benchmark or the administrator or sponsor of the 
Benchmark which is or will be required under any applicable law or regulation in order for 
any of the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any other entity to perform its obligations in respect 
of the Securities; or 
(ii) 
the Benchmark or the administrator or sponsor of the Benchmark is or will be removed from 
any official register where inclusion in such register is or will be required under any applicable 
law in order for any of the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any other entity to perform its 
obligations in respect of the Securities. 
5. 
Early Redemption in Special Circumstances, Illegality or Disruption Event 
These provisions shall apply to Securities in respect of each Underlying which is an Interest Benchmark: 
In the event of a Special Circumstance, Illegality, Disruption Event or events that may be deemed or treated 
as a Special Circumstance, the Issuer may redeem the Securities by giving not less than fifteen (15) nor more 
than thirty (30) Business Days' irrevocable notice in accordance with General Condition 12 (Notices), in which 
case the Issuer shall redeem the Securities and cause to be paid to each Securityholder in respect of each 
Security held by it an amount equal to the Early Redemption Amount. The termination shall become valid on 
the day of the notice in accordance with General Condition 12 (Notices).

--- Page 344 ---
Form of Final Terms / Pricing Supplement 
 
340 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS / PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
 
The Final Terms in relation to each issuance of Securities (other than Exempt Securities) or the Pricing 
Supplement in relation to each issuance of Exempt Securities will include such of the following information 
as is applicable with–respect to such–Securities. The CSSF has neither approved nor reviewed the Form of 
Pricing Supplement or the information contained therein. In addition, the CSSF has neither approved nor 
reviewed any information in relation to the Exempt Securities. 
[MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET - Solely for the purposes of [the/each] 
manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Securities has led to the 
conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Securities is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each 
as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Securities 
to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Securities (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Securities (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY TARGET 
MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Securities has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Securities is only 
eligible counterparties, as defined in the Financial Conduct Authority (the "FCA") Handbook Conduct of Business 
Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law of the UK by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all 
channels for distribution of the Securities to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Securities (a "UK distributor") should take into 
consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a UK distributor subject to the FCA 
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Securities (by either 
adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.]  
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - The Securities are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the European Economic Area (the "EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of [MiFID II / Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
"MiFID II")]; (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended), where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently, no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for 
offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making them available to any retail investor 
in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. Notwithstanding the above paragraph, in the case 
where the Final Terms in respect of any Securities include a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors" but where the Issuer subsequently prepares and publishes a key information document under the EU 
PRIIPs Regulation in respect of such Securities, then following such publication, the prohibition on the offering, 
sale or otherwise making available the Securities to a retail investor in the EEA as described in the above 
paragraph and in such legend shall no longer apply in relation to any member state whose requirements for a key 
information document in relation to the relevant Securities have been satisfied.]3 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Securities are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the UK. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined 
in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the 
 
3  
Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement if the Securities potentially constitute “packaged” products and no key 
information document will be prepared or the Issuer wishes to prohibit offers to EEA retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling 
restriction should be specified to be “Applicable”.

--- Page 345 ---
Form of Final Terms / Pricing Supplement 
 
341 
 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018, as amended ("EUWA"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the 
provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act (as amended, the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 (as amended) as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, 
no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended) as it forms part of domestic 
law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Securities or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling 
the Securities or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK 
PRIIPs Regulation. Notwithstanding the above paragraph, in the case where the Final Terms in respect of any 
Securities include a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" but where the Issuer subsequently 
prepares and publishes a key information document under the UK PRIIPs Regulation in respect of such Securities, 
then following such publication, the prohibition on the offering, sale or otherwise making available the Securities 
to a retail investor in the United Kingdom as described in the above paragraph and in such legend shall no longer 
apply.]]4  
 
[NOTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 309B(1)(C) OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT 2001 (2020 
REVISED EDITION) OF SINGAPORE, as modified or amended from time to time (the "SFA") - In connection 
with Section 309B of the SFA and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of 
Singapore (the "CMP Regulations 2018"), the Issuer has determined the classification of the Securities as capital 
market products other than prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and 
Specified Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products 
and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).]56 
 
[THESE SECURITIES ARE SUBJECT TO CONVERSION IN WHOLE OR IN PART – BY MEANS OF A 
TRANSACTION OR SERIES OF TRANSACTIONS AND IN ONE OR MORE STEPS – INTO COMMON 
SHARES OF NATIONAL BANK OF CANADA OR ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES UNDER SUBSECTION 39.2(2.3) 
OF THE CANADA DEPOSIT INSURANCE CORPORATION ACT ("CDIC ACT") AND TO VARIATION OR 
EXTINGUISHMENT IN CONSEQUENCE AND SUBJECT TO THE APPLICATION OF THE LAWS OF THE 
PROVINCE OF ONTARIO AND THE FEDERAL LAWS OF CANADA APPLICABLE THEREIN IN 
RESPECT OF THE OPERATION OF THE CDIC ACT WITH RESPECT TO THE SECURITIES.] 
 
 
4  
Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement if the Securities potentially constitute “packaged” products and no key 
information document will be prepared or the Issuer wishes to prohibit offers to UK retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling 
restriction should be specified to be “Applicable”. 
5  
Relevant Dealer(s) to consider whether it/they have received the necessary product classification from the Issuer prior to the launch of the offer, pursuant to 
Section 309B of the SFA. 
6  
Notice to be added if the Securities are no “prescribed capital markets products”, pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA.

--- Page 346 ---
Form of Final Terms / Pricing Supplement 
 
342 
 
[Final Terms][Pricing Supplement] dated [    ] 
 
 
(A bank governed by the Bank Act (Canada)) 
(LEI: BSGEFEIOM18Y80CKCV46) 
acting through its 
Montréal Branch 
(the "Bank" or the "Issuer") 
 
Issue of [up to] [Aggregate Notional Amount of Series] [Title of Securities] 
(the "Securities") under the European Issuance and Offering Programme for the issuance of 
Structured Securities 
 
[Insert in case of Final Terms: 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the 
base prospectus dated 24 June 2024 [and the supplement(s) to it dated [    ] which [together] constitute[s] a 
base prospectus ] the "Base Prospectus") for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. As used herein, 
"Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended). This document constitutes the 
Final Terms of the Securities described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read 
in conjunction with the Base Prospectus. Full information on the Bank and the offer of the Securities is only 
available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus 
is available for viewing during normal business hours and copies may be obtained at the registered office of 
the Bank, National Bank Place, 800 Saint-Jacques Street, Montréal, Québec, Canada H3C 1A3, and at the 
office of the Fiscal Agent, Paying Agent, Transfer Agent and Registrar, Citibank Europe plc, 1 North Wall 
Quay, Dublin 1, Ireland. The Base Prospectus has been published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange at www.luxse.com.]  
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued 
under a the 2023 Base Prospectus:] 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the 
prospectus dated 5 July 2023, which is incorporated by reference in the prospectus dated 24 June 2024 [and 
the supplement[s] to it dated [    ] (the "Base Prospectus") which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for 
the purposes of [Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the "Prospectus Regulation"))][the Prospectus  
Regulation]. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Securities described herein for the purposes of 
Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus, save in 
respect of the Conditions which are extracted from the prospectus dated 5 July 2023 [, and the supplement[s] 
to it dated [  ]]. Full information on the Bank and the offer of the Securities is only available on the basis of 
the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus has been published on 
the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange at www.luxse.com.]

--- Page 347 ---
Form of Final Terms / Pricing Supplement 
 
343 
 
 
[Include in case "Swiss Non-Exempt Public Offer" is specified as "Yes":  
The Securities do not constitute a participation in a collective investment scheme within the meaning of 
the Swiss Federal Act on Collective Investment Schemes ("CISA") and are not subject to authorisation 
or supervision by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority FINMA. Accordingly, investors do 
not have the benefit of the specific investor protection provided under the CISA and are exposed to the 
credit risk of the Issuer (if applicable).]7 
[Insert in case of Final Terms if a summary is required: 
A summary of the issue is annexed to these Final Terms.] 
[Insert in case of Pricing Supplement: 
Any person making or intending to make an offer of the Securities may only do so in circumstances in which 
no obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus 
Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in 
relation to such offer. 
Neither the Issuer nor any Dealer has authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of any offer of Securities 
in any other circumstances. 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the 
base prospectus dated 24 June 2024 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [    ] which [together] constitute[s] a 
base prospectus] (the "Base Prospectus"). This document constitutes the Pricing Supplement of the Securities 
described herein and must be read in conjunction with such Base Prospectus [as so supplemented]. Full 
information on the Issuer and the offer of the Securities is only available on the basis of the combination of 
this Pricing Supplement and the Base Prospectus [as so supplemented]. References in the Conditions to "Final 
Terms" shall be deemed to be references to this Pricing Supplement. The Base Prospectus [and the 
supplement[s] to it dated [    ]], together with the documents incorporated by reference therein are available 
for viewing during normal business hours and copies may be obtained at the registered office of the Issuer, 
National Bank Place, 800 Saint-Jacques Street, Montréal, Québec, Canada H3C 1A3, and at the office of the 
Fiscal Agent, Paying Agent, Transfer Agent and Registrar, Citibank Europe plc 1, North Wall Quay, Dublin 
1, Ireland.] 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs (in which case the 
sub-paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics denote guidance for completing the Pricing 
Supplement.] 
 
7  
To be included in case of a "Swiss Non-Exempt Public Offer" (i.e. a public offer to retail investors in Switzerland), Final Terms need to be prepared 
and filed with the SIX Prospectus Offer at the time of the public offer once the terms are fixed and the Final Terms need to be published on the 
website of the Issuer (a "Swiss Non-Exempt Public Offer" must not be made on the basis of a Pricing Supplement).

--- Page 348 ---
Form of Final Terms / Pricing Supplement 
 
344 
 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
 
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
1. 
[(i)] Series Number: 
 
[    ] 
[(ii)] Tranche Number: 
 
[    ] 
[(iii) Date on which the Securities will be 
consolidated and form a single 
Series: 
 
 
[Not Applicable] [The Securities shall be consolidated, form a 
single series and be interchangeable for trading purposes with 
the [    ] on [    ]/the Issue Date/exchange of the Temporary 
Global Security for interests in the Permanent Global Security, 
as referred to in paragraph 3 below [which is expected to occur 
on or about [    ]]].] 
2. 
Form of Securities: 
(General Condition 1 (Form, 
Denomination and Title of the 
Securities)) 
[Materialised Securities]  
[Bearer Securities: 
[Temporary Global Security exchangeable on or after [    ] for a 
Permanent Global Bearer Security which is exchangeable for 
Definitive Bearer Securities on [    ] days' notice/at any time/in 
the limited circumstances specified in the Permanent Global 
Security] 
[Temporary Global Security exchangeable on or after [    ] for 
Definitive Securities on or after [    ]]  
[Exchangeable Bearer Security exchangeable for Registered 
Securities in [specify global or definitive form]] 
[Permanent Global Security exchangeable for Definitive 
Securities on [    ] days' notice/at any time/in the limited 
circumstances specified in the Permanent Global Security]] 
[Registered Securities: 
[Global Registered Security registered in the name of a nominee 
for a Common Depositary for Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
Euroclear and/or Euroclear France S.A. exchangeable for 
individual Registered Securities in the limited circumstances 
specified in the Global Registered Security] 
[Individual Registered Securities]] 
[Dematerialised Securities] 
[Specify whether bearer form (au porteur) / registered form (au 
nominatif)] 
3. 
Trade Date: 
[    ]

--- Page 349 ---
Form of Final Terms / Pricing Supplement 
 
345 
 
4. 
[Settlement][Specified] Currency or 
Currencies: 
(General Condition 1 (Form, 
Denomination and Title of the 
Securities)) 
[    ] 
5. 
Aggregate Notional Amount (of 
Series): 
(General Condition 1 (Form, 
Denomination and Title of the 
Securities)) 
[up to] [    ] [The Aggregate Notional Amount will be 
determined by the Issuer in its reasonable discretion after the 
end of the subscription period and will be published without 
undue delay on its website.] 
6. 
Specified Denominations: 
(General Condition 1 (Form, 
Denomination and Title of the 
Securities)) 
[    ] [and integral multiples of [   ] in excess thereof up to and 
including [    ].  No Securities in definitive form will be issued 
with a denomination above [     ].] 
7. 
Notional Amount (per Security): 
(General Condition 1 (Form, 
Denomination and Title of the 
Securities)) 
[    ] 
8. 
Number of Securities: 
(General Condition 1 (Form, 
Denomination and Title of the 
Securities)) 
[    ] 
9. 
Bail-inable Securities: 
(General Condition 3.2 (Bail-inable 
Securities)) 
[Yes] [No]  
10. 
Early Redemption for Taxation 
Reasons: 
(General Condition 4.2 (Early 
Redemption for Taxation Reasons)) 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
11. 
Early Redemption for Illegality: 
(General Condition 4.3 (Early 
Redemption for Illegality)) 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
[(i) Minimum Period: 
[    ] days 
 
(ii) Maximum Period: 
[    ] days] 
12. 
Early Redemption for a Disruption 
Event: 
(General Condition 4.4 (Early 
Redemption for a Disruption Event)) 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
[(i) Minimum Period: 
[    ] days 
 
(ii) Maximum Period: 
[    ] days]

--- Page 350 ---
Form of Final Terms / Pricing Supplement 
 
346 
 
 
[(iii) Trade Date: 
[    ]] 
13. 
Early Redemption for Special 
Circumstance: 
(General Condition 4.5 (Early 
Redemption for Special Circumstance)) 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
[Further events or circumstances which shall not be considered 
a Special Circumstance:  ] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
[(i) Minimum Period: 
[    ] days 
 
(ii) Maximum Period: 
[    ] days] 
14. 
Early Redemption Amount: 
(General Condition 4.8 (Cancellation)) 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount(s) per 
Notional Amount payable on redemption 
for [taxation reasons][, TLAC 
Disqualification Event][, for illegality] [, 
for a Disruption Event] [, for Special 
Circumstance][, for an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event] or on 
Event of Default or other early 
redemption: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
15. 
Issue Date: 
[    ] 
16. 
Financial Centre(s): 
(General Condition 5.8 (Non-business 
days)) 
[    ] [T2] [Not Applicable] 
17. 
[Representation of holders of 
Dematerialised Securities - Masse: 
(General Condition 9.2 (Holders of 
Dematerialised Securities))] 
[Name and address of the Representative: [•]] 
[Name and address of the alternate Representative: [•]] 
[The Representative will receive a remuneration of €[•] 
(excluding taxes) per year.] 
 
 
[Issue outside France: [Applicable] [Not Applicable]] 
18. 
Exclusion of the possibility to request 
identification information of 
Securityholders as provided for in 
General Condition 1.2 (Form and Title 
of Dematerialised Securities): 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]  
19. 
Governing Law: 
(General Condition 15 (Governing Law; 
Submission to Jurisdiction)) 
[English law[ except that, the provisions of Condition 3.2 (Bail-
inable Securities) and the last paragraph of Condition 15.1 
(Governing Law) are governed by and construed in accordance 
with the laws of the Province of Ontario and the federal laws of 
Canada applicable therein.] 
[French law[ except that, the provisions of Condition 3.2 (Bail-
inable Securities) and the last paragraph of Condition 15.1 
(Governing Law) are governed by and construed in accordance 
with the laws of the Province of Ontario and the federal laws of 
Canada applicable therein.]

--- Page 351 ---
Form of Final Terms / Pricing Supplement 
 
347 
 
[Laws of the Province of Ontario and the federal laws of Canada] 
Each Securityholder or beneficial owner of any Bail-inable 
Securities is deemed to attorn to the jurisdiction of the Courts of 
the Province of Ontario with respect to the operation of the CDIC 
Act and the above laws.8  
 
 
 
8  
English law Bail-inable Securities must include Ontario law clause and attornment to the jurisdiction of the Ontario courts. Notwithstanding the 
above, Bail-inable Securities may not be governed by English law unless and until OSFI has approved a form of English law opinion.

--- Page 352 ---
Form of Final Terms / Pricing Supplement 
 
348 
 
PAYOUT CONDITIONS FOR STRUCTURED SECURITIES 
(only applicable for Structured Securities and Hybrid Securities that include certain Features of Structured 
Securities, in accordance with the related elections made in the Issue Terms – delete entire section if Securities are 
Credit Linked Notes that are not Hybrid Securities) 
1. 
General Definitions 
(Payout Condition 1 (General Definitions)) 
 
 
(i) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[    ][T2] [Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) Calculation Agent: 
[[National Bank of Canada](Insert other entity) shall be 
the Calculation Agent] [Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) Call, Securityholders Optional Early 
Redemption and Knock-in Feature: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) Coupon Feature: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
(v) Downside Feature: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) Redemption Date: 
[    ] 
 
(vii) Product Type: 
Structured Securities 
 
(viii) Quanto/Compo Feature: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
(ix) Redemption Feature: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
(x) Relevant Renminbi Settlement Centre: 
[    ] 
 
(xi) Underlying Currency: 
[    ] 
 
(xii) Underlying Feature: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
(xiii) Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Business Day Convention/Following 
Business Day Convention/Modified Following Business 
Day Convention/ Preceding Business Day Convention] 
[No Adjustment] 
 
(xiv) Additional Business Centre(s): 
[    ] [T2] [Not Applicable] 
 
(xv) Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360] 
[Actual/365] 
[Act / Act (ICMA) where the Determination Dates are 
[    ]] 
 
(xvi)  
Coupon Commencement Date: 
[    ] 
 
(xvii)  
Coupon Payment Date(s)[, Coupon 
Period (s)][ and Coupon Features]: 
[Subject to adjustment, for payment purposes only, in 
accordance with the relevant Business Day Convention:] 
[    ]  
[

--- Page 353 ---
Form of Final Terms / Pricing Supplement 
 
349 
 
Coupon 
Period(s) 
Coupon 
Payment Date(s) 
Type of Coupon 
Features  
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ]  
(Repeat for any additional Coupon Periods) 
] 
2. 
Coupon Features 
(Payout Condition 2 (Coupon Features)) 
 
2.1 
No Coupon Payments: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
2.2 
Structured Coupon Payments: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Formula: 
[Standard Structured Coupon] [Call Spread] [Range 
Accrual] [Inflation Linked Type 1] [Inflation Linked 
Type 2] 
 
(ii) Barrier1: 
[    ] [Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) Barrier2: 
[    ] [Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) Constant1: 
[    ] [Not Applicable] 
 
(v) Constant2: 
[    ] [Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) n 
[at][at or above][the respective Range Accrual Floor] 
[and] [at][at or below][the respective Range Accrual 
Cap] [Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) Range Accrual Floor 
[    ] [Not Applicable] 
 
(viii) Range Accrual Cap 
[    ] [Not Applicable] 
 
(xi) relevant Reference Rate/Underlying  
[    ] [Not Applicable] 
 
(x) Cap: 
[    ] [Not Applicable] 
 
(xi) Floor: 
[    ] [Not Applicable] 
 
(xii) Margin: 
[    ] [Not Applicable] 
 
(xiii) Leverage: 
[    ] [Not Applicable] 
 
(xv) Coupon Valuation Date(s): 
[    ] [Not Applicable] 
 
(xv) Coupon Valuation Period: 
[    ] [Not Applicable] 
 
(xvi) Coupon Amount: 
[    ] [Not Applicable] 
 
(xv) Set-off Period: 
[    ] [Not Applicable] 
 
(xvi) Margin: 
[    ] [Not Applicable] 
2.3 
Conditional Coupon Payments: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
[

--- Page 354 ---
Form of Final Terms / Pricing Supplement 
 
350 
 
[Coupo
n 
Valuatio
n 
Date(s)]
[Coupo
n 
Valuatio
n 
Period]: 
Conditi
onal 
Coupon 
Barrier 
and its 
Coupon 
Conditi
on: 
Conditi
onal 
Coupon 
Rate: 
Additio
nal 
Conditi
onal 
Coupon 
Barrie 
and its 
conditio
n: 
Coupon 
Paymen
t 
Date(s): 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[greater]
[lower] 
than [or 
equal 
to] 
[    ] 
[Not 
Applica
ble] 
[    ] 
[greater]
[lower] 
than [or 
equal 
to] 
[    ] 
] 
2.4 
Conditional Coupon Payments (with 
Memory): 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Conditional Coupon Rate: 
[    ] 
 
(ii) Conditional Coupon Barrier and its 
Coupon Condition: 
[    ] [greater][lower] than [or equal to] 
 
(iii) Additional Conditional Coupon Barrie and 
its condition: 
[Not Applicable] [    ] [greater][lower] than [or equal to] 
 
(iv) Coupon Valuation Date(s): 
[    ] 
 
(v) Coupon Valuation Period: 
[    ] 
2.5 
Conditional Coupon Payments (with Lock-
in): 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Conditional Coupon Rate: 
[    ] 
 
(ii) Conditional Coupon Barrier and its 
Coupon Condition: 
[    ] [greater][lower] than [or equal to] 
 
(iii) Additional Conditional Coupon Barrie and 
its condition: 
[Not Applicable] [    ] [greater][lower] than [or equal to] 
 
(iv) Coupon Valuation Date(s): 
[    ] 
 
(v) Coupon Valuation Period: 
[    ] 
 
(vi) Lock-in Date(s): 
[    ] 
 
(vii) Conditional Coupon Lock-in Barrier: 
[    ] 
 
(viii) Condition for Lock-in Event: 
[    ] [greater][lower] than [or equal to]

--- Page 355 ---
Form of Final Terms / Pricing Supplement 
 
351 
 
 
Conditional Coupon Payments (with 
Memory and/or Lock-in): 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Conditional Coupon Rate: 
[    ] 
 
(ii) Conditional Coupon Barrier and its 
Coupon Condition: 
[    ] [greater][lower] than [or equal to] 
 
(iii) Additional Conditional Coupon Barrier and 
its condition: 
[Not Applicable] [    ] [greater][lower] than [or equal to] 
 
(iv) Coupon Valuation Date(s): 
[    ] 
 
(v) Coupon Valuation Period: 
[    ] 
 
(vi) Lock-in Date(s): 
[    ] 
 
(vii) Condition for Lock-in Event: 
[    ] [greater][lower] than [or equal to] 
2.6 
Fixed Coupon Payments: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Fixed Rate: 
[    ]% 
 
(ii) Coupon Payment Date(s): 
[    ] 
 
(iii) Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[[    ] per [    ] Notional Amount] [Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) Broken Amount(s): 
[    ] per Notional Amount, payable on the Coupon 
Payment Date falling in/on 
] [Not Applicable] 
2.7 
Floating Coupon Payments: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Floating Coupon: 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination][ISDA 
Determination][CMS-Rate] 
 
(ii) Coupon Margin 
[    ] (Or insert per relevant Floating Coupon Period] [Not 
Applicable) 
 
(iii) Coupon Multiplier 
[    ] (Or insert per relevant Floating Coupon Period] [Not 
Applicable) 
 
(iv) Coupon Cap 
[    ] (Or insert per relevant Floating Coupon Period] [Not 
Applicable) 
 
(v) Coupon Floor 
[    ] (Or insert per relevant Floating Coupon Period] [Not 
specified) 
 
(vi) Linear Interpolation: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) CMS Rate elections: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
 
Applicable CMS Formula: 
[CMS 
Rate][Leveraged 
CMS 
Rate 
([Standard][Floor/Cap])[Steepener 
CMS 
Rate 
([Unleveraged][Leveraged])[CMS1010 
Option 
1][CMS1010 Option 2], 
 
 
Cap: 
[    ] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
Cap (i): 
[    ] [Not Applicable]

--- Page 356 ---
Form of Final Terms / Pricing Supplement 
 
352 
 
 
 
Cap (ii): 
[    ] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
Floor: 
[    ] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
Floor (i): 
[    ] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
Floor (ii): 
[    ] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
Leverage: 
[    ] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
Margin: 
[    ] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
Margin (i): 
[    ] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
Margin (ii): 
[    ] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
CMS Factor: 
[    ] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
CMS1010 Option 2: 
[    ] [Not Applicable] 
 
(viii) Currency Conversion: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
Manner in which the Rate(s) is/are to be 
determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination9 as set 
out 
in 
"Underlying 
Specific 
Conditions—Interest 
Benchmark Linked Conditions"][Zero Coupon]  
2.8 
Zero Coupon: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
Discounted Notional Amount: 
[    ] 
2.9 
Blended Coupon: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(i)  Best: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(ii)  Worst: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(iii)  Blended Coupon Payment Date: 
[    ] 
(iv)  Potential Coupons: 
[    ] 
(v)  Potential Coupon Weight: 
[    ] 
3. 
Call, Securityholders Optional Early 
Redemption and Knock-in Features 
(Payout Condition 3 (Call, Securityholders 
Optional Early Redemption and Knock-in 
Features)) 
(Applies to all Product Types) 
 
9  
Where ISDA Determination is specified as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, neither Citibank Europe plc nor any of its 
affiliates shall be named as calculation agent.

--- Page 357 ---
Form of Final Terms / Pricing Supplement 
 
353 
 
3.1 
Automatic Early Redemption: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
Automatic Early 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Date(s): 
Early Redemption 
Date(s): 
Automatic Early 
Redemption Level: 
Condition for 
Automatic Early 
Redemption: 
Variable Return: 
 
[    ] [Not 
Applicable
] 
 
[    ] 
[    ]% of the Initial 
Reference Price 
[greater than][lower 
than][or equal to] 
[    ] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
(Continue table as necessary to set out the relevant data.) 
 
(i)  Automatic Early Redemption Valuation 
Period: 
[    ] [Not Applicable] 
 
(ii)  Exit Rate: 
[Equal to the Notional Amount [plus the Fixed Return] 
[plus the Variable Return] [and any Coupon otherwise 
due on the applicable Early Redemption Date]] [    ] 
 
(iii)  Fixed Return: 
[    ] 
3.2 
Automatic Early Redemption for Target 
Coupon: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
Automatic Early 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Date(s): 
Early Redemption 
Date(s): 
Coupon Target 
Level: 
Condition for 
Automatic Early 
Redemption: 
Variable Return: 
 
[    ] [Not 
Applicable] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[greater than][lower 
than][or equal to] 
[    ] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
(Continue table as necessary to set out the relevant data.) 
 
(i)  Automatic Early Redemption Valuation 
Period: 
[    ] [Not Applicable] 
 
(ii)  Exit Rate: 
[Equal to the Notional Amount [and any Interest Amount 
otherwise due on the applicable Early Redemption Date]] 
[    ] 
3.3 
Issuer Call: 
 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
Call Payment Date(s): 
Variable Return: 
 
[    ] 
[    ] [Not Applicable] 
 
(Continue table as necessary to set out the relevant data.) 
 
(i)  Call Payment: 
[Equal to the Notional Amount [plus the Fixed Return] 
[plus the Variable Return] [and any Coupon otherwise 
due on the applicable Call Payment Date]] [    ] 
 
(ii)  Fixed Return: 
[    ]

--- Page 358 ---
Form of Final Terms / Pricing Supplement 
 
354 
 
3.4 
Securityholders Optional Early Redemption: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
Securityholder Optional Redemption Date(s): 
and respective Securityholder Early Redemption 
Amount(s): 
[on [    ] at [    ]] 
[ 
Securityholder Optional 
Redemption Date 
Securityholder Early 
Redemption Amount 
[    ] 
[    ] [100 % of the 
Notional Amount] [Early 
Redemption Amount] 
[plus] [multiplied with] 
[    ] 
(Repeat for each additional Securityholder Optional 
Redemption Date) 
] 
3.5 
Redemption due to TLAC Disqualification 
Event: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
(i)  Minimum period of notice: 
[    ] 
 
(ii)  Maximum period of notice: 
[    ] 
3.6 
Early Redemption of Zero Coupon 
Securities: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Amortisation Yield: 
[    ] per cent. per annum 
 
(ii) Amortisation Yield compounded basis:  
[[Compound] [Non-compounded]] [[annually] [semi-
annually] [other]]  
 
(iii) Day Count Fraction in relation to Early 
Redemption Amounts: 
[30/360] 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360] 
[Actual/365] 
[Act / Act (ICMA) where the Determination Dates are 
[    ]] 
3.7 
Knock-in Event: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
Knock-in 
Valuation 
Date: 
Knock-in 
Valuation 
Time: 
Condition for 
Knock-in 
Event: 
Knock-in 
Level: 
Knock-in 
Ratio: 
Knock-in Payment Date: 
 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[greater than] 
[greater than 
or equal to] 
[lower than] 
[lower than 
or equal to] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ]

--- Page 359 ---
Form of Final Terms / Pricing Supplement 
 
355 
 
4. 
Quanto and Compo Feature: 
(Payout Condition 3 (Call, Securityholders 
Optional Early Redemption and Knock-in 
Features)) 
[Non-Quanto][Quanto][Compo][Not Applicable] 
 
5. 
Downside Features 
(Payout Condition 5 (Downside Features)) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
5.1 
No Principal Protection Securities: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
Gearing Rate: 
[    ] 
5.2 
Partially Principal Protected Securities: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i)  Protected Amount: 
[    ] 
 
(ii)  Gearing Rate: 
[    ] 
5.3 
Fully Principal Protected Securities: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
Downside Premium: 
[0%][    ] 
5.4 
Barrier Securities: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i)  Barrier Type: 
[Daily Observation][Maturity][Continuous] 
 
(ii)  Condition for Barrier Event: 
(Daily Observation:) ["falls below"] ["is equal to or falls 
below"] 
(Maturity:) ["is below"] ["is equal to or below"] 
(Continuous:) ["falls below"] ["is equal to or falls 
below"] 
 
(iii)  Barrier Level: 
[    ] 
 
(iv) Barrier Observation Period: 
[Barrier Start Date:     ] [Barrier End Date:     ] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
(v) Gearing Rate: 
[    ] 
 
(vi) Return Factor: 
[    ] 
5.5 
Buffer Securities: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i)  Condition for applying (a) or (b): 
["greater than or equal to" and "lower than", 
respectively] 
["greater than" and "lower than or equal to", 
respectively] 
 
(ii)  Gearing Rate: 
[    ]

--- Page 360 ---
Form of Final Terms / Pricing Supplement 
 
356 
 
 
(iii)  Buffer Threshold Value: 
[    ] 
 
(iv) Return Factor: 
[    ] 
6. 
Underlying Features of Structured Securities 
(Payout Condition 6 (Underlying Features of 
Structured Securities)) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
6.1 
Single Name: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
6.2 
Weighted Basket: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] (If applicable:) [ 
Underlying 
Weight 
[    ][Underlying with the 
[2nd][highest][lowest] 
Performance of the 
Underlying] 
[    ] 
(Repeat for each additional Underlying) 
] 
6.3 
Worst-of: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
6.4 
Dividend Yield: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Level of Underlying1: 
[    ] 
 
(ii) Level of Underlying2; t-i: 
[    ] 
 
(iii) DivFloor: 
[    ] 
 
(iv) Set-off Period: 
[    ] 
 
Alpha: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
6.5 
Initial Reference Price and Final Reference 
Price: 
 
 
(i) 
Initial Reference Price Method: 
[Single][Averaging][Highest][Lowest] 
 
(ii) Strike Date: 
[    ] 
 
(iii) Striking Period: 
[    ] 
 
(iv) Final Reference Price Method: 
[Single][Averaging][Highest][Lowest] 
 
(v) Redemption Valuation Date: 
[    ] 
 
(vi) Redemption Valuation Period: 
[    ] 
7. 
Redemption Features of Structured 
Securities 
(Payout Condition 7 (Redemption Features of 
Structured Securities)) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
7.1 
Static: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph)

--- Page 361 ---
Form of Final Terms / Pricing Supplement 
 
357 
 
 
Redemption Factor: 
[    ] 
7.2 
Participation (with Cap and without Cap): 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
7.3 
(i)  
Condition for applying (a) or (b): 
["greater than" and "lower than or equal to", 
respectively] 
["greater than or equal to" and "lower than", 
respectively] 
 
(ii) Cap: 
[    ][Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) Participation Rate: 
[    ] 
 
(iv) Upside Premium: 
[1][    ] 
7.4 
In the Money Participation (with Cap and 
without Cap): 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i)  Condition for applying (a) or (b): 
["greater than" and "lower than or equal to", 
respectively] 
["greater than or equal to" and "lower than", 
respectively] 
 
(ii) Cap: 
[    ][Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) Participation Rate: 
[    ] 
 
(iv) Upside Premium: 
[1][    ] 
 
(v) Threshold Level: 
[    ] 
7.5 
Digital: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
(i)  Condition for applying (a) or (b): 
["greater than or equal to" and "lower than", 
respectively] 
["greater than" and "lower than or equal to", 
respectively] 
 
(ii) Upside Settlement Amount: 
[    ] 
 
(iii) Threshold Level: 
[    ] 
 
(iv)  Participation Rate: 
[    ] 
7.6 
Twin Win Securities: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i)  Twin Win Barrier: 
[    ] 
 
(ii)  Twin Win Downside Feature: 
[    ] 
 
(iii)  Twin Win Factor: 
[    ]

--- Page 362 ---
Form of Final Terms / Pricing Supplement 
 
358 
 
7.7 
Income: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
Redemption Factor: 
[    ] 
7.8 
Lock-in: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(To be used only in conjunction with Conditional 
Coupon Payments (with Lock-in)) 
 
Redemption Factor: 
[    ] 
7.9 
Shark Fin: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i)  Condition for applying (a) or (b): 
["greater than" and "lower than or equal to", 
respectively] 
["greater than or equal to" and "lower than", 
respectively] 
 
(ii)  Condition for applying (b) or (c): 
["greater than" and "lower than or equal to", 
respectively] 
["greater than or equal to" and "lower than", 
respectively] 
 
(iii)  Redemption Factor: 
[    ] 
7.10 
Amortising: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Amortisation Payment Date: 
[…] 
 
(ii)  Amortisation Rate: 
[    ] 
 
(iii)  Rebate Amount: 
[    ] 
7.11 
Restrike: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
 
(i)  Restrike Performance: 
[Restrike Standard] [Restrike Absolute] 
 
(ii)  Participation Rate: 
[    ] 
 
(iii)  Restrike Observation Period(s) and nR: 
nR 
Restrike 
Observation 
Period Start 
Date 
Restrike 
Observation 
Period End 
Date 
[1] 
[    ] 
[    ]

--- Page 363 ---
Form of Final Terms / Pricing Supplement 
 
359 
 
(Repeat as appropriate) 
7.12 
Spread: 
 
 
(i)  Spread Feature: 
[Standard Spread] [Capped Spread] [Floored Spread] 
[Weighted Spread] 
 
(ii)  Cap: 
[    ] [Not Applicable] 
 
(iii)  Floor: 
[    ] [Not Applicable] 
 
(iv)  Participation Rate: 
[    ] [Not Applicable] 
 
(v)  Redemption Factor: 
[    ] [Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) Weight of Underlyingi: 
[    ] [Not Applicable] 
7.13 
Put Strike: 
 
 
(i)  Rebate Amount: 
[    ] 
 
(ii)  Threshold Level: 
[    ]

--- Page 364 ---
Form of Final Terms / Pricing Supplement 
 
360 
 
PAYOUT CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
(only applicable for Credit Linked Notes (including Hybrid Securities) – delete entire section if Securities are 
Structured Securities) 
 
1. 
General Definitions: 
 
 
(i) 
Calculation Agent: 
[[National Bank of Canada](Insert other entity) shall 
be the Calculation Agent] [Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) Trade Date: 
[    ] 
 
(iii) Scheduled Redemption Date: 
[    ] 
 
(iv) Product Type: 
Credit Linked Notes [; Hybrid Securities] 
 
 
 
2. 
Type of Credit Linked Notes: 
(Specify all that apply) 
 
 
(i) 
Single Name Credit Linked Notes: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Nth-to-Default Credit Linked Notes: 
[Applicable/Not applicable]  
(Delete below if not applicable) 
[N: [●] 
Multiple Default Triggers: [Applicable/Not 
applicable] 
M: [[●]/Not applicable] 
Substitution: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
 
(iii) Basket Credit Linked Notes:  
[Applicable/Not applicable]  
(Delete below if not applicable) 
[Distribution End Date: [●] 
[Distribution Period Redemption/Redemption at 
Maturity/Distribution Period Event Determination 
Date Disapplication] applicable.] 
 
(iv) Tranched CLNs: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(Delete below if not applicable) 
[Attachment Point: [●] 
Exhaustion Point: [●] 
Incurred Recoveries: [Applicable/Not applicable] 
 
(v) 
Index Credit Linked Notes: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
 
(vi)  Combination Credit Linked Notes:  
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(Delete below if not applicable) 
Credit Component 1: [Principal Component/Interest 
Component/Principal and Interest Component] 
(Include if principal and interest have different credit 
linkage, delete otherwise) 
[Component Percentage: [●]%] (Include if portions 
of principal and/or interest have different credit 
linkage)] 
[(ii) Combination Credit Linked Notes: Credit 
Component 2: 
(If there are multiple Credit Components, items 2 
through 5 are to be completed and inserted for each 
applicable Credit Component)]  
 
(vii) Credit Linked Interest Only Credit Linked 
Notes: 
 
[Applicable/Not applicable] (Do not apply for 
Hybrid Securities, where exclusion of credit linkage 
is expressed as an Excluded Item)

--- Page 365 ---
Form of Final Terms / Pricing Supplement 
 
361 
 
 
(viii) Credit Linked Principal Only Credit 
Linked Notes: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] (Do not apply for 
Hybrid Securities, where exclusion of credit linkage 
is expressed as an Excluded Item) 
 
 
 
3. 
Credit Linkage: 
 
 
(i) 
Reference Entity(ies): 
[[●]/As specified in the Exhibit to the Issue Terms] 
(Delete if Credit Linked Notes are linked to an index 
of Reference Entities) 
[Index Credit Linked Notes: 
Relevant Annex: [●] 
Index Sponsor: [●]]  
(Include if Credit Linked Notes are linked to an index 
of Reference Entities)] 
Financial Reference Entity Terms: 
[Applicable [as specified in the Exhibit to the Issue 
Terms]/Not applicable] 
Governmental Intervention: 
[Applicable [as specified in the Exhibit to the Issue 
Terms]/Not applicable] 
Monoline Provisions: 
[Applicable [as specified in the Exhibit to the Issue 
Terms]/Not applicable] 
Sovereign No Asset Package 
[Applicable [as specified in the Exhibit to the Issue 
Terms]/Not applicable] 
 
(ii) Transaction Type: 
[Standard North American Corporate/Standard 
European Corporate/Standard European Financial 
Corporate/Standard European CoCo Financial 
Corporate/Standard European Senior Non-Preferred 
Financial Corporate/Standard Subordinated European 
Insurance Corporate/Standard Emerging European 
Corporate LPN/Standard Emerging European 
Corporate/Standard Latin American Corporate 
BL/Standard Australia [Financial] 
Corporate/Standard New Zealand [Financial] 
Corporate/Standard Japan [Financial] 
Corporate/Standard Singapore [Financial] 
Corporate/Standard Asia [Financial] 
Corporate/Standard Sukuk Corporate/Standard 
Western European Sovereign/Standard Latin 
America Sovereign/Standard Emerging European & 
Middle Eastern Sovereign/Standard Australia 
Sovereign/Standard New Zealand 
Sovereign/Standard Japan Sovereign/Standard 
Singapore Sovereign/Standard Asia 
Sovereign/Standard Sukuk Sovereign/Standard U.S. 
Municipal Full Faith and Credit/Standard U.S. 
Municipal General Fund/Standard U.S. Municipal 
Revenue/ETI/ETI Interest/[●]/As specified in the 
Exhibit to the Issue Terms/As specified in the 
Relevant Annex]  
 
(iii) Seniority Level: 
[Senior Level]/[Subordinated Level]/[●]/[Not 
applicable]  
 
(iv) Reference Entity Notional 
Amount/Reference Entity Weighting:] 
(Specify amount or weighting) 
[[With respect to [●]: (Delete if single Reference 
Entity, specify in respect of each entity if multiple 
Reference Entities)] [●]/As per the Payout 
Conditions for Credit Linked Notes /As specified in

--- Page 366 ---
Form of Final Terms / Pricing Supplement 
 
362 
 
the Exhibit to the Issue Terms/As specified in the 
Relevant Annex] 
 
(v) Reference Obligation(s): 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(Delete below if not applicable) 
Obligation Category: 
[Payment] 
[Borrowed Money] 
[Reference Obligation Only] 
[Bond] 
[Loan] 
[Bond or Loan] 
[Deliverable] Obligation Characteristics: 
[Not Subordinated] 
[Specified Currency: [●] [Standard Specified 
Currency]  
[Not Sovereign Lender] 
[Not Domestic Currency] 
[Domestic Currency means: [●]] 
[Not Domestic Law] 
[Listed] 
[Not Domestic Issuance] 
[Not Bearer] 
[Transferable] 
[Assignable Loan] 
[Consent Required Loan] 
[Direct Loan Participation] 
[Maximum Maturity] 
[Accelerated or Matured] 
 
(vi) Standard Reference Obligation: 
 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(Delete below if not applicable): 
[Standard Reference Obligation as of the date of 
Issue Terms:] (Include if SRO is set out in Issue 
Terms for information) 
[[With respect to [●]: (Delete if single Reference 
Entity, specify in respect of each entity if multiple 
Reference Entities)]: 
Primary Obligor: [●] 
Guarantor: [●] 
Maturity: [●] 
Coupon: [●] 
CUSIP/ISIN: [●] 
Original Issue Amount: [●] 
/As specified in the Exhibit to the Issue Terms/As 
specified in the Relevant Annex] 
 
 
 
4. 
Terms relating to Credit Event Settlement: 
 
 
(i) 
Credit Events: 
[Bankruptcy] 
[Failure to Pay] 
[Grace Period Extension [Applicable] [Not 
Applicable] 
[Grace Period: [●]] 
[Governmental Intervention] 
[Obligation Default] 
[Obligation Acceleration] 
[Repudiation/Moratorium] 
[Restructuring]

--- Page 367 ---
Form of Final Terms / Pricing Supplement 
 
363 
 
[Provisions relating to Multiple Holder Obligation: 
[Applicable [as specified in the Exhibit to the Issue 
Terms]/Not applicable]] 
[Mod R: [Applicable [as specified in the Exhibit to 
the Issue Terms]/Not applicable]] 
[Mod Mod R: [Applicable [as specified in the 
Exhibit to the Issue Terms]/Not applicable]] 
Default Requirement: 
[As specified in the definition in Payout Condition 
10.1 (General Definitions)] [●] 
Payment Requirement: 
[As specified in the definition in Payout Condition 
10.1 (General Definitions)] [●] 
 
(ii) 
Settlement Method: 
[Auction Settlement / Cash Settlement /Zero 
Recovery] 
Principal Protection Level: [[●]%/Not applicable] 
(May be deleted if principal protection is not 
applicable) 
[Issuer Election of Specific Auction:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
[Terms relating to Cash Settlement: 
Final Price: [●]%/As per the Payout Conditions for 
Credit Linked Notes] 
Quotation Amount: [●]/As per the Payout Conditions 
for Credit Linked Notes] 
Minimum Quotation Amount: [●]/As per the Payout 
Conditions for Credit Linked Notes 
Credit Event Cash Settlement Date: [●]/As per the 
Payout Conditions for Credit Linked Notes] (Include 
if Cash Settlement applicable as the Settlement 
Method) 
[Include Accrued Interest] 
[Exclude Accrued Interest] 
[Capped Reference Entity: 
[Applicable/Not applicable]] 
[Include Accrued Interest] 
[Terms relating to Fallback Cash Settlement:  
Final Price: [●]%/As per the Payout Conditions for 
Credit Linked Notes] 
Quotation Amount: [●]/As per the Payout Conditions 
for Credit Linked Notes] 
Minimum Quotation Amount: [●]/As per the Payout 
Conditions for Credit Linked Notes 
Credit Event Cash Settlement Date: [●]/As per the 
Payout Conditions for Credit Linked Notes] 
 
(iii) Credit Unwind Costs: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
 
(iv) Settlement at Maturity: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
 
(v) 
Settlement Currency: 
[As per the Payout Conditions for Credit Linked 
Notes/[●] 
 
(vi) Notice of Publicly Available Information: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(Delete below if not applicable) 
[Public Source: [●]]

--- Page 368 ---
Form of Final Terms / Pricing Supplement 
 
364 
 
5. 
Miscellaneous Credit Terms: 
 
 
(i) 
CLN Merger Event: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(Delete below if not applicable) 
[CLN Merger Event Redemption Date: [●]] 
Merger Type: [Reference Entity/Holders Merger] 
[Reference Entity/Issuer Merger]] 
 
(ii) 
Credit Event Backstop Date:  
[As per the Payout Conditions for Credit Linked 
Notes/The date that is 60 calendar days prior to the 
Trade Date/Issue Date/[●]]  
 
(iii) Credit Observation Period End Date:  
[Applicable: [●]/Not applicable] 
 
(iv) CoCo Provision: 
[Applicable/Not applicable/As specified in the 
Exhibit to the Issue Terms/As specified in the 
Relevant Annex/ As per the Transaction Type] 
(Delete below if not applicable) 
[Trigger Percentage: [As specified in the Exhibit to 
the Issue Terms/As specified in the Relevant 
Annex/As per the Payout Conditions for Credit 
Linked Notes]] 
 
(v) 
LPN Reference Entities: 
[Applicable/Not applicable/[●]/As specified in the 
Exhibit to the Issue Terms/As specified in the 
Relevant Annex/As per the Transaction Type]  
 
(vi) NTCE Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not applicable/As specified in the 
Exhibit to the Issue Terms/As specified in the 
Relevant Annex/As per the Transaction Type] 
[Where NTCE Provisions are applicable: 
[Fallback Discounting: [Applicable/Not 
applicable/As specified in the Exhibit to the Issue 
Terms/As specified in the Relevant Annex/As per the 
Transaction Type]] 
[Credit Deterioration Requirement: [Applicable/Not 
applicable/As specified in the Exhibit to the Issue 
Terms/As specified in the Relevant Annex/As per the 
Transaction Type]]] 
 
(vii) Accrual of Interest upon Credit Event:  
Accrual to [Coupon Payment Date/Coupon Period 
End Date/Event Determination Date] 
 
Extension Period Interest: [Applicable] [Not 
Applicable] 
(Delete below if not applicable) 
Extension Date: [●] 
 
 
(viii) Interest following Scheduled Redemption 
Date:  
[Deposit Rate/[●]/Not applicable]  
 
(ix) Hybrid Securities: 
(Delete below if not applicable) 
Event Determination Date Overrides Automatic 
Early Redemption: [Applicable/Not applicable] 
Credit Linked Calculation Basis: [Applicable/Not 
applicable] 
[Excluded Items: [●]]  
(Delete if not applicable)  
 
(x) 
Bonus Coupon Credit Linked Notes:  
(Delete below if not applicable) 
[Bonus Coupon Rate: [●] 
Outstanding Bonus Coupon Rate Method: 
[Standard/Averaging] 
Bonus Coupon Accrual Basis: [Running Basis/Final 
Payment]

--- Page 369 ---
Form of Final Terms / Pricing Supplement 
 
365 
 
Bonus Coupon Payment Date(s): [[●]/Final 
Settlement Date only] 
Bonus Coupon Day Count Fraction: [●] 
Bonus Coupon Determination Date: [●] [e.g. Two 
Business Days prior to Bonus Coupon Payment 
Date] 
Bonus Coupon Attachment Point: [●] 
Bonus Coupon Exhaustion Point: [●] 
Bonus Coupon Implicit Portfolio Size: [●]] 
 
(xi) Change in Standard Terms and Market 
Conventions:  
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
 
(xii) Calculation and Settlement Suspension: 
[Applicable/Not applicable]  
 
(xiii) Additional Credit Provisions:  
[[●]/Not Applicable]  
 
 
 
6. 
Specific information for CLNs with Fixed 
Coupon Payments: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Fixed Rate: 
[    ]% 
 
(ii) 
Coupon Payment Date(s): 
[Subject to adjustment, for payment purposes only, in 
accordance 
with 
the 
relevant 
Business 
Day 
Convention:] 
[    ] 
 
(iii) Additional Business Centre(s): 
[    ] [T2] [Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Business Day Convention/Following 
Business Day Convention/Modified Following 
Business Day Convention/ Preceding Business Day 
Convention] [No Adjustment] 
 
(v) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[[    ] per [    ] Outstanding Notional Amount] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
(vi) Broken Amount(s): 
[    ] per Outstanding Notional Amount, payable on the 
Coupon Payment Date falling in/on 
] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360] 
[Actual/365] 
[Act / Act (ICMA) where the Determination Dates are 
[    ]]

--- Page 370 ---
Form of Final Terms / Pricing Supplement 
 
366 
 
EXHIBIT/ANNEX FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES

--- Page 371 ---
Form of Final Terms / Pricing Supplement 
 
367 
 
UNDERLYING SPECIFIC CONDITIONS 
(only applicable for Structured Securities and Hybrid Securities that include Features of Structured Securities, in 
accordance with the related elections made in the Issue Terms – delete entire section if Securities are Credit Linked 
Notes) 
Underlying Table 
[i] 
[Underlying(s):] 
[Bloomberg 
Code:] 
[ISIN:] 
[Level(s):](Inser
t relevant Level 
as defined in the 
relevant Payout 
Conditions. 
Repeat 
as 
necessary.) 
[Exchange(s)]/[
Price 
Source(s)]/[Scre
en 
Page(s)]/[Refere
nce 
Market(s)]/[Ind
ex 
Sponsor(s)]/[Ser
vice 
Provider(s)][:] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
[    ] 
(Repeat as necessary or remove in case there is no Underlying.) 
1. 
Share Linked Conditions: 
[Applicable – the Products are Share Linked Products]/[Not 
Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a)Consequences of Disrupted Days: 
[Applicable to all Underlying Valuation Dates][Not Applicable to 
[    ]] 
 
(b) Share(s): 
(Insert name of relevant Share)/[Each share set forth in the 
Underlying Table above in the column entitled 'Underlying(s)'] 
 
 
[Bloomberg Code: [    ]] 
 
 
[ISIN: [    ]] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Share) 
 
(c) Underlying Currency: 
[In respect of (Insert name of relevant Share)/[[the]/[each] Share], 
[    ]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Share) 
 
(d) Exchange(s): 
[In respect of (Insert name of relevant Share)/[[the]/[each] Share], 
[    ]]/[As set forth in the Underlying Table above in the column 
entitled 'Exchange(s)' in the row corresponding to the relevant 
Share] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Share) 
 
(e) Level(s): 
[    ][Closing Share Price][Opening Share Price][Intraday Price] 
[Volume Weighted Average Price] [As set forth in the Underlying 
Table above in the column entitled 'Level(s)' in the row 
corresponding to the relevant Share] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Share) 
 
(f) Adjustable Terms: 
 
 
(i) 
Initial Level: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 372 ---
Form of Final Terms / Pricing Supplement 
 
368 
 
 
(ii) Formula for calculation the 
return of the relevant Share: 
(Insert details or description) 
 
(iii) any 
other 
component 
or 
variable 
relevant 
for 
the 
determination of the price or 
return of the relevant Share or 
the maturity consideration: 
(Insert details or description) 
 
(g) Maximum Days of Disruption: 
[Five Scheduled Trading Days as specified in Share Linked 
Condition 5 (Definitions)/ [    ] (Specify number of days)] 
2. 
Index Linked Conditions: 
[Applicable – the Products are Index Linked Products] [Not 
Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) Consequences of Disrupted Days: 
[Applicable to all Underlying Valuation Dates][Not Applicable to 
[    ]] 
 
(b) Index(ices): 
(Insert name of relevant Index)/[Each index set forth in the 
Underlying Table above in the column entitled 'Underlying(s)'] 
 
 
[Bloomberg Code: [    ]] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Index) 
 
(c) Underlying Currency: 
[In respect of (Insert name of relevant Index)/[[the]/[each] Index], 
[    ]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Index) 
 
(d) Index Sponsor(s): 
[In respect of (Insert name of relevant Index)/[[the]/[each] Index], 
[    ]]/[As set forth in the Underlying Table above in the column 
entitled 'Index Sponsor(s)' in the row corresponding to the relevant 
Index] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Index) 
 
(e) Level(s): 
[    ][Closing Index Level][Intraday Level][Opening Index 
Level][Exchange Delivery Settlement Price] [As set forth in the 
Underlying Table above in the column entitled 'Level(s)' in the 
row corresponding to the relevant Index] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Index) 
 
(f) Adjustable Terms: 
 
 
(i) 
Initial Level: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) Formula for calculation the 
return of the relevant Index: 
(Insert details or description) 
 
(iii) any 
other 
component 
or 
variable 
relevant 
for 
the 
determination of the price or 
return of the relevant Index or 
the maturity consideration: 
(Insert details or description) 
 
(g) Maximum Days of Disruption: 
[Five Scheduled Trading Days as specified in Index Linked 
Condition 5 (Definitions)/ [    ] (Specify number of days)]

--- Page 373 ---
Form of Final Terms / Pricing Supplement 
 
369 
 
3. 
ETF Linked Conditions: 
[Applicable – the Products are ETF Linked Products]/[Not 
Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a)Consequences of Disrupted Days: 
[Applicable to all Underlying Valuation Dates][Not Applicable to 
[    ]] 
 
(b) ETF Share(s): 
(Insert name of relevant ETF Share)/[Each ETF Share set forth in 
the 
Underlying 
Table 
above 
in 
the 
column 
entitled 
'Underlying(s)'] 
 
 
[Bloomberg Code: [    ]] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each ETF Share) 
 
(c) Fund: 
In respect of (Insert name of relevant ETF Share)/[[the]/[each] 
ETF Share], [    ] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each ETF Share) 
 
(d) Exchange(s): 
[In respect of (Insert name of relevant ETF Share)/[[the]/[each] 
ETF Share], [    ]]/[As set forth in the Underlying Table above in 
the column entitled 'Exchange(s)' in the same row as the relevant 
ETF Share] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each ETF Share) 
 
(e) Level(s): 
[    ][Closing Price][Intraday Price][Opening Price][NAV] [As set 
forth in the Underlying Table above in the column entitled 
'Level(s)' in the row corresponding to the relevant ETF Share] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each ETF Share) 
 
(f) Adjustable Terms: 
 
 
(i) 
Initial Level: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) Formula for calculation the 
return of the relevant Currency 
Exchange Rate: 
(Insert details or description) 
 
(iii) any 
other 
component 
or 
variable 
relevant 
for 
the 
determination of the price or 
return of the relevant Currency 
Exchange Rate or the maturity 
consideration: 
(Insert details or description) 
 
(g) Closing Price: 
[Official Closing Price][Calculated Net Asset Value] 
 
(h) Maximum Days of Disruption: 
[Eight Scheduled Trading Days as specified in ETF Linked 
Condition 6 (Definitions)/ [    ] (Specify number of days)] 
 
(i) Relevant Underlying Price: 
[ETF Share Price][ETF Share Value] 
 
(j) Scheduled Trading Day: 
[A day on which each Exchange and each Related Exchange are 
open for trading during their respective regular trading sessions] 
[Any day on which the NAV is scheduled to be calculated and 
announced in accordance with the terms of the prospectus or other 
documents prepared in connection with the marketing of the ETF 
Share]

--- Page 374 ---
Form of Final Terms / Pricing Supplement 
 
370 
 
 
(k) Valuation Time: 
[Official Closing Price Time][any Scheduled Trading Day on 
which the NAV is calculated] 
4. 
Currency Exchange Rate Conditions: 
[Applicable – the Products are linked to a Currency Exchange 
Rate]/[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) Consequences of Disrupted Days: 
[Applicable to all Underlying Valuation Dates]/[Not Applicable 
to [    ]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
(b) Currency Exchange Rate(s): 
(Insert name of relevant Currency Exchange Rate)/[Each currency 
exchange rate set forth in the Underlying Table above in the 
column entitled 'Underlying(s)']/[As per the UDI Provisions] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Currency Exchange Rate) 
 
(c) Reference Currency(ies): 
In respect of (Insert name of relevant Currency Exchange 
Rate)/[the Currency Exchange Rate], [    ] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Currency Exchange Rate) 
 
(d) Base Currency(ies): 
In respect of (Insert name of relevant Currency Exchange 
Rate)/[the Currency Exchange Rate], [    ]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Currency Exchange Rate) 
 
(e) UDI Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
- 
UDI Index Rate Determination 
Dates 
[Applicable]/[Specify] 
 
(f) Derived Exchange Rate: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
[- 
Cross Currency(ies): 
In respect of (Insert name of relevant Currency Exchange 
Rate)/[the Currency Exchange Rate], [    ]] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Currency Exchange Rate) 
 
(g) Price Source(s): 
[In respect of (Insert name of relevant Currency Exchange 
Rate)/[the Currency Exchange Rate]/[Base Currency/Cross 
Currency Price]/[Cross Currency/Reference Currency Price], [   
]]/[As set forth in the Underlying Table above in the column 
entitled 'Price Source(s)' in the same row as the relevant Currency 
Exchange Rate]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Currency Exchange Rate, Base 
Currency/Cross 
Currency 
Price 
and/or 
Cross 
Currency/Reference Currency Price) 
 
(h) Reference Market(s): 
[In respect of (Insert name of relevant Currency Exchange 
Rate)/[the Currency Exchange Rate]/[Base Currency/Cross 
Currency Price]/[Cross Currency/Reference Currency Price], [   
]]/[As set forth in the Underlying Table above in the column 
entitled 'Price Source(s)' in the same row as the relevant Currency 
Exchange Rate]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Currency Exchange Rate)

--- Page 375 ---
Form of Final Terms / Pricing Supplement 
 
371 
 
 
(i) Currency Exchange Rate Valuation 
Time(s): 
In respect of (Insert name of relevant Currency Exchange 
Rate)/[[the]/[each] 
Currency 
Exchange 
Rate]/[ 
Base 
Currency/Cross Currency Price]/[Cross Currency/Reference 
Currency Price], [    ]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Currency Exchange Rate, Base 
Currency/Cross 
Currency 
Price 
and/or 
Cross 
Currency/Reference Currency Price) 
 
(j) Adjustable Terms: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Initial Level: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) Formula for calculation the 
return of the relevant ETF 
Share: 
(Insert details or description) 
 
(iii) any 
other 
component 
or 
variable 
relevant 
for 
the 
determination of the price or 
return of the relevant ETF Share 
or the maturity consideration: 
(Insert details or description) 
 
(k) Illiquidity Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(l) Maximum Days of Disruption: 
[Eight Scheduled Trading Days as specified in Currency 
Exchange Rate Condition 5 (Definitions)/ [    ] (Specify number of 
days)]/[Not Applicable] 
5. 
Commodity Linked Conditions: 
[Applicable – the Products are Commodity Linked Products] [Not 
Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) Consequences of Disrupted Days: 
[Applicable to all Underlying Valuation Dates][Not Applicable to 
[    ]] 
 
Replacement 
and 
cancellation 
rights: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(b) Commodity(ices): 
(Insert name of relevant Commodity)/[Each index set forth in the 
Underlying Table above in the column entitled 'Underlying(s)'] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Commodity) 
 
(c) Commodity Index: 
(Insert name of relevant Commodity Index and Fund Index 
Sponsor)/[Each Fund Index and Fund Index Sponsor set forth in 
the 
Underlying 
Table 
above 
in 
the 
column 
entitled 
'Underlying(s)'] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Commodity) 
 
(d) Exchange(s): 
[In respect of (Insert name of relevant Commodity)/[[the]/[each] 
Commodity], [    ]]/[As set forth in the Underlying Table above in 
the column entitled 'Exchange(s)' in the row corresponding to the 
relevant Commodity]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Commodity) 
 
(e) Rolling Futures Contract Securities: 
[In respect of (Insert name of relevant Commodity)/[[the]/[each] 
Commodity], [Applicable]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Index)

--- Page 376 ---
Form of Final Terms / Pricing Supplement 
 
372 
 
 
(f) Commodity Index Sponsor(s): 
[In 
respect 
of 
(Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Commodity 
Index)/[[the]/[each] Commodity Index], [    ]]/[As set forth in the 
Underlying Table above in the column entitled 'Commodity Index 
Sponsor(s)' in the row corresponding to the relevant Index] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Index) 
 
(g)  Commodity Reference Price: 
In respect of (Insert name of relevant Commodity)/[[the]/[each] 
Commodity], [     ]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(h)  Delivery Date: 
In respect of (Insert name of relevant Commodity)/[[the]/[each] 
Commodity], [     ]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(i)  Nearby Month: 
In respect of (Insert name of relevant Commodity)/[[the]/[each] 
Commodity], [     ]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(j)  Futures Rollover Date: 
In respect of (Insert name of relevant Commodity)/[[the]/[each] 
Commodity], [     ]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(k) Futures Rollover Period: 
In respect of (Insert name of relevant Commodity)/[[the]/[each] 
Commodity], [     ]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(l) Price Source(s): 
[In respect of (Insert name of relevant Commodity)/[the 
Commodity]/, [    ]]/[As set forth in the Underlying Table above 
in the column entitled 'Price Source(s)' in the same row as the 
relevant Commodity]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Commodity) 
 
(m) Dislocation Event 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
Dislocation Level: 
[    ]/[As specified in the Commodity Linked Condition 6.1 
(Definitions)] 
 
(n) Level(s): 
[    ] [As set forth in the Underlying Table above in the column 
entitled 'Level(s)' in the row corresponding to the relevant 
Commodity] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Commodity) 
 
(o) Adjustable Terms: 
 
 
(i) 
Initial Level: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) Formula for calculation the 
return 
of 
the 
relevant 
Commodity: 
(Insert details or description) 
 
(iii) any 
other 
component 
or 
variable 
relevant 
for 
the 
determination of the price or 
return 
of 
the 
relevant 
Commodity or the maturity 
consideration: 
(Insert details or description) 
 
(p) Maximum Days of Disruption: 
[Five Scheduled Trading Days as specified in Commodity Linked 
Condition 7 (Definitions)/ [    ] (Specify number of days)]

--- Page 377 ---
Form of Final Terms / Pricing Supplement 
 
373 
 
6. 
Fund Linked Conditions: 
[Applicable – the Products are Fund Linked Products]/[Not 
Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) Fund: 
(Insert name of relevant Fund and specific if a Hedge Fund or 
Mutual Fund or Private Equity Fund)/[Each Fund set forth in the 
Underlying Table above in the column entitled 'Underlying(s)'] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Fund) 
 
(b) Fund Index: 
(Insert name of relevant Fund Index and Fund Index 
Sponsor)/[Each Fund Index and Fund Index Sponsor set forth in 
the 
Underlying 
Table 
above 
in 
the 
column 
entitled 
'Underlying(s)'] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Fund Index) 
 
(c) Fund Shares: 
(Insert name of relevant Fund)/[Each Fund Share set forth in the 
Underlying Table above in the column entitled 'Underlying(s)']/ 
[As specified in the Fund Linked Condition 5 (Definitions)] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Fund) 
 
(d) Fund Service Provider: 
(Insert name of relevant Fund)/[Each Fund Service Provider set 
forth in the Underlying Table above in the column entitled 
'Underlying(s)']/ [As specified in the Fund Linked Condition 5 
(Definitions)] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Fund) 
 
(e) Extraordinary Fund Event: 
In respect of (Insert name of relevant Fund)/[[the]/[each] Fund], 
[All]/[    ]/[SC/FM Fund Events]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each ETF Share) 
 
(i) NAV Trigger Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
NAV Trigger Percentage: 
[    ]/[As specified in the Fund Linked Condition 5 (Definitions)] 
 
NAV Trigger Period: 
[    ]/[As specified in the Fund Linked Condition 5 (Definitions)] 
 
(ii) Volatility Trigger Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
Volatility Trigger Percentage: 
[    ]/[As specified in the Fund Linked Condition 5 (Definitions)] 
 
Volatility Trigger Period: 
[    ]/[As specified in the Fund Linked Condition 5 (Definitions)] 
 
(iii)  Basket Trigger Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
Basket Trigger Level: 
[    ]/[As specified in the Fund Linked Condition 5 (Definitions)] 
 
(f) Level(s): 
[    ][NAV per Fund Share][Settlement Price] [As set forth in the 
Underlying Table above in the column entitled 'Level(s)' in the 
row corresponding to the relevant Fund] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Fund) 
 
(g) Adjustable Terms: 
 
 
(i) 
Initial Level: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 378 ---
Form of Final Terms / Pricing Supplement 
 
374 
 
 
(ii) Formula for calculation the 
return of the relevant Currency 
Exchange Rate: 
(Insert details or description) 
 
(iii) any other component or variable 
relevant for the determination of 
the price or return of the relevant 
Currency Exchange Rate or the 
maturity consideration: 
(Insert details or description) 
 
(h) AUM Level: 
[    ]/[Applicable] 
 
(i) Delayed Payment Cut-off Date: 
[    ]/[As specified in the Fund Linked Condition 5 (Definitions)] 
 
(j) Final Calculation Date: 
[    ]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(k) Fund Business Day: 
[Single Fund Share Basis]/[All Fund Share Basis]/[Per Fund 
Share Basis]/[As specified in the Fund Linked Condition 5 
(Definitions)] 
 
(l) Hedging Date: 
[    ]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(m) Initial Calculation Date: 
[    ]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(n) Maximum Days of Disruption: 
[ten Fund Business Days as specified in Fund Linked Condition 5 
(Definitions)/ [    ] (Specify number of days)] 
 
(o) Number of NAV Publication Days: 
[    ]/[As specified in the Fund Linked Condition 5 (Definitions)] 
7. 
Inflation Index Linked Conditions: 
[Applicable – the Products are Inflation Index Linked Products] 
[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) Inflation Index(ices): 
(Insert name of relevant index)/[Each index set forth in the 
Underlying Table above in the column entitled 'Underlying(s)'] 
 
 
[Bloomberg Code: [    ]] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each index) 
 
(b) Related Bond: 
[In respect of (Insert name of relevant index)/[[the]/[each] 
Inflation Index], [    ]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each index) 
 
(i) Related 
Bond 
Redemption 
Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) Fallback Bond: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(c) Inflation Index Sponsor(s): 
[In respect of (Insert name of relevant index)/[[the]/[each] 
Inflation Index], [    ]]/[As set forth in the Underlying Table above 
in the column entitled 'Index Sponsor(s)' in the row corresponding 
to the relevant Inflation Index] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each index) 
 
(d) Reference Month: 
[    ] [As set forth in the Underlying Table above in the column 
entitled 'Level(s)' in the row corresponding to the relevant Index] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each index)

--- Page 379 ---
Form of Final Terms / Pricing Supplement 
 
375 
 
 
(e) Adjustable Terms: 
 
 
(i) 
Initial Level: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) Formula for calculation the 
return of the relevant Index: 
(Insert details or description) 
 
(iii) any 
other 
component 
or 
variable 
relevant 
for 
the 
determination of the price or 
return of the relevant Index or 
the maturity consideration: 
(Insert details or description) 
 
(f) Cut-Off Date: 
[Three Business Days as specified in Inflation Index Linked 
Condition 5 (Definitions)/ [    ] (Specify number of days)] 
 
(g) Maximum Days of Disruption: 
[Five Business Days as specified in Inflation Index Linked 
Condition 5 (Definitions)/ [    ] (Specify number of days)] 
8. 
Future Linked Conditions: 
[Applicable – the Products are Future Linked Products] [Not 
Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) Consequences of Disrupted Days: 
[Applicable to all Underlying Valuation Dates][Not Applicable to 
[    ]] 
 
Replacement 
and 
cancellation 
rights: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(b) Future(s): 
(Insert name of relevant Future)/[Each index set forth in the 
Underlying Table above in the column entitled 'Underlying(s)'] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Future) 
 
(c) Exchange(s): 
[In respect of (Insert name of relevant Future)/[[the]/[each] 
Future], [    ]]/[As set forth in the Underlying Table above in the 
column entitled 'Exchange(s)' in the row corresponding to the 
relevant Future]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Future) 
 
(d) Future Reference Price: 
In respect of (Insert name of relevant Future)/[[the]/[each] 
Future], [     ]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(e) Futures Rollover Date: 
In respect of (Insert name of relevant Commodity)/[[the]/[each] 
Commodity], [     ]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(f) Price Source(s): 
[In respect of (Insert name of relevant Future)/[the Future]/, [   
]]/[As set forth in the Underlying Table above in the column 
entitled 'Price Source(s)' in the same row as the relevant 
Future]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Future) 
 
(g) Level(s): 
[    ] [As set forth in the Underlying Table above in the column 
entitled 'Level(s)' in the row corresponding to the relevant Future] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Future) 
 
(h) Adjustable Terms: 
 
 
(i) 
Initial Level: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 380 ---
Form of Final Terms / Pricing Supplement 
 
376 
 
 
(ii) Formula for calculation the 
return of the relevant Future: 
(Insert details or description) 
 
(iii) any 
other 
component 
or 
variable 
relevant 
for 
the 
determination of the price or 
return of the relevant Future or 
the maturity consideration: 
(Insert details or description) 
 
(i) Maximum Days of Disruption: 
[Five Scheduled Trading Days as specified in Future Linked 
Condition 5 (Definitions)/ [    ] (Specify number of days)] 
9. 
Interest 
Benchmark 
Linked 
Conditions: 
[Applicable – the Products are Interest Benchmark Linked 
Products]/ [Applicable – the Rates for the Products are to be 
determined 
using 
Screen 
Rate 
Determination/ISDA 
Determination] / [Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
9.1 
Manner 
to 
determine 
an 
Interest 
Benchmark 
[Applicable in respect to an Interest Benchmark as Reference 
Rate] [and] [Applicable in respect to an Interest Benchmark as 
Underlying] 
 
(a) Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Interest Benchmark: 
[General Screen Rate: [    ] month] [[currency]]] [EURIBOR] [   ]] 
[SONIA] [SOFR] [€STR] [SARON10] [CMS Rate]  
(Give more details if any) 
 
(ii) Applicable CMS Rate: 
[CMS Rate:] 
[Reference Currency: [    ] 
Designated Maturity: [    ] 
Fixed Leg Day Count Fraction: [    ] 
Floating Rate Day Count Fraction: [    ] 
Floating Leg Rate Option: [    ] 
Specified Fixed Leg: [    ] 
Specified Frequency: [    ] 
Screen Page: [    ]] (specify relevant screen page(s) and any 
applicable headings and captions) 
[CMS Rate 1: [    ][The annual swap rate for EUR swap 
transactions with a maturity of [   ] (D1) years, expressed as a 
percentage, which appears on the Reuters Screen ICESWAP2 
Page (or any successor or replacement page to such page) as of 
11:00 am Frankfurt time on the day that is two T2 Business Days 
preceding the first day of such Interest Period.]] 
[Reference Currency: [    ] 
 
10  Where SARON is specified, neither Citibank Europe plc nor any of its affiliates shall be named as calculation agent.

--- Page 381 ---
Form of Final Terms / Pricing Supplement 
 
377 
 
Designated Maturity: [    ] 
Fixed Leg Day Count Fraction: [    ] 
Floating Rate Day Count Fraction: [    ] 
Floating Leg Rate Option: [    ] 
Specified Fixed Leg: [    ] 
Specified Frequency: [    ] 
Screen Page: [    ] (specify relevant screen page(s) and any 
applicable headings and captions) 
[CMS Rate 2: [    ][The annual swap rate for EUR swap 
transactions with a maturity of [   ] (D2) years, expressed as a 
percentage, which appears on the Reuters Screen ICESWAP2 
Page (or any successor or replacement page to such page) as of 
11:00 am Frankfurt time on the day that is two T2 Business Days 
preceding the first day of such Interest Period.]] 
[Reference Currency: [    ] 
Designated Maturity: [    ] 
Fixed Leg Day Count Fraction: [    ] 
Floating Rate Day Count Fraction: [    ] 
Floating Leg Rate Option: [    ] 
Specified Fixed Leg: [    ] 
Specified Frequency: [    ] 
Screen Page: [    ]] (, specify relevant screen page(s) and any 
applicable headings and captions) 
 
(iii) Calculation Method: 
[Compounded Daily Rate] [Compounded Index Rate] (Only 
relevant to Floating Rate Securities that reference SONIA) 
[Compounded SOFR] [Compounded SOFR Index] (Only relevant 
to Floating Rate Securities that reference SOFR) 
[Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) Observation Method: 
[Lag] [Shift] [Observation Period Shift (For SARON only)] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
(v) Relevant Time: 
[    ] [Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) Underlying 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[[    ] [London Banking Day] [Zurich Banking Day] [T2 Business 
Day] [U.S. Government Securities Business Day] prior to the end 
of each Interest Period] 
[Second London business day prior to the start of each Interest 
Period] 
[First day of each Interest Period]

--- Page 382 ---
Form of Final Terms / Pricing Supplement 
 
378 
 
[Second day on which the T2 System is open prior to the start of 
each Interest Period] 
[[     ] Business Day[s] prior to the start of each Interest Period] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) Screen Page: 
[[    ] Screen Page] [] (Only relevant to SONIA). [Not Applicable 
] 
 
(viii) Primary Source: 
[[    ] Screen Page] [Reference Banks] (Only applicable to 
Benchmarks other than SONIA, SOFR, ESTR and CMS Rate) 
[Not Applicable]  
 
(ix) Reference Banks: 
[[    ], [    ], [    ] and [    ]] [Not Applicable] [as set out in the 
definition of "Reference Banks" in Payout Condition 2.9 
(Definitions applicable to Screen Rate Determination)] 
 
(x) Relevant Financial Centre: 
[    ] [London] [Not Applicable] 
 
(xi) Representative Amount: 
[    ] [as set out in the definition of "Representative Amount" in 
Payout Condition 2.12 (Additional Definitions for Interest 
Benchmarks)] [Not Applicable] 
 
(xii) Effective Date: 
[    ] [as set out in the definition of "Effective Date" in Payout 
Condition 2.12 (Additional Definitions for Interest Benchmarks))] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
(xiii) Specified Duration: 
[    ] [Not Applicable] 
 
(xiv) Observation 
Look-Back 
Period11:  
[[5][    ] London Banking Days] [Zurich Banking Days] [T2 
Business Days] [[  ] U.S. Government Securities Business Days] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
(xv) Relevant Number12: 
 
[    ] [Not Applicable] 
(Only relevant to SONIA where the Calculation Method is 
Compounded Index Rate. Note that this defaults to 2 if not 
included in the Final Terms) 
 
(xvi) p: 
[[    ] [U.S. Government Securities Business Days][   ] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
(xvii)  [SOFR][€STR] Observation 
Period: 
(Insert other period) [No other specification applicable] 
 
 
(xviii) Period End Date: 
[    ] 
 
(xix) Underlying 
Determination 
Date: 
[    ] [Not otherwise specified] 
 
 
(b) ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
11  The ICSDs have a preference of 5 business days for this (where applicable) 
12  The ICSDs have a preference of 5 business days for this (where applicable)

--- Page 383 ---
Form of Final Terms / Pricing Supplement 
 
379 
 
 
(i) 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006][2021] ISDA Definitions 
 
(ii) Floating Rate Option: 
[    ] (Ensure this is a Floating Rate Option included in the Floating 
Rate Matrix (as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions if 2021 ISDA 
Definitions are applied or that it is a Floating Rate Option subject 
to the ISDA IBORs Supplement if the 2006 Definitions are 
applied) 
[Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) Designated Maturity: 
[    ] [Not Applicable] (This is not required when the Floating Rate 
Option is an Overnight Floating Rate Option) 
 
(iv) Reset Determination Date: 
[    ] 
 
(v) Compounding: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] (If not applicable, delete the 
remaining items of this subparagraph) 
 
 
 
Compounding Method: 
[Compounding with Lookback: 
Lookback: [    ] Applicable Business Days]  
[Compounding with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [    ] Observation Period Shift Business 
Days] 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: [    ] [Not 
Applicable] 
[Compounding with Lockout 
Lockout: [    ] Lockout Period Business Days] 
 
 
(vi) Averaging: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] (If not applicable, delete the 
remaining items of this subparagraph) 
 
 
 
Averaging Method: 
Averaging with Lookback 
[Lookback:] [[   ] Applicable Business Days]] 
[Averaging with Observation Period Shift] 
[Observation Period Shift:] [[   ] Observation Period Shift 
Business Days] 
[Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: [    ]] [Not 
Applicable] 
[Averaging with Lockout 
Lockout: [[   ] Lockout Period Business Days] 
Lockout Period Business Days: [   ] Applicable Business Days] 
 
 
(vii) Index Provisions: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] (If not applicable, delete the 
remaining items of this subparagraph) 
 
 
 
Index Method: 
Compounded Index Method with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [    ] Observation Period Shift Business 
Days

--- Page 384 ---
Form of Final Terms / Pricing Supplement 
 
380 
 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: [    ] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
(viii)[ 
Daily 
Capped 
Rate 
and/or Daily Floored Rate: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] (If not applicable, delete the 
remaining items of this subparagraph) 
 
 
[Daily Capped Rate:] [[    ]%] 
 
 
[Daily Floored Rate:] [[    ]%] 
 
(ix) Unscheduled Holiday: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] (Only include where the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions apply) 
 
(x) Period End Date/Termination 
Date 
adjustment 
for 
Unscheduled Holiday: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]] (Only include where the 2021 
ISDA Definitions apply) 
 
(xi) Non-Representative: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]] (Only include where the 2021 
ISDA Definitions apply) 
 
(xii) [Successor Benchmark: 
[    ] Successor Benchmark Effective Date: [    ]] (Only include 
where the 2021 ISDA Definitions apply)]] 
 
 
 
 
(c) Adjustable Terms: 
 
 
(i) 
Initial Level: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) Formula for calculation the 
return of the relevant Interest 
Benchmark: 
(Insert details or description) 
 
(iii) any 
other 
component 
or 
variable 
relevant 
for 
the 
determination of the price or 
return of the relevant Interest 
Benchmark or the maturity 
consideration: 
(Insert details or description) 
 
[THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[[                        ] has been extracted from [    ]. The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced 
and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by [                    ], no facts have been 
omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] [Not Applicable] 
 
[Signed on behalf of National Bank of Canada acting through its Montréal Branch: 
 
 
By: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Duly authorised]]

--- Page 385 ---
Form of Final Terms / Pricing Supplement 
 
381 
 
PART B - OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. 
OFFER PRICE, LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
(i) 
Offer Price: 
[    ]  
(ii) 
Product specific initial costs, 
inducements/fees contained in 
the Issue Price: 
[    ] [The product specific initial costs contained in the issue price amount 
to [approx.] (Insert details).]/[The inducements contained in the Issue Price 
amount to [approx.] (Insert details).]/[The Issuer and/or the relevant Dealer 
may pay recurring fees to distribution partners contained in the Issue Price 
amount to [approx.] (Insert details)] [Not Applicable] 
[To be included only in the case of Final Terms: 
(iii) 
Listing/Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the 
Securities to be admitted to [the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange] (Specify other) and to trading on [the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange's regulated market] (Specify other) with effect from [       ].]  
[Application is expected to be made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the 
Securities to be admitted to [the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange] (Specify other) and to trading on [the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange's regulated market] (Specify other) with effect from [       ].]  
[Tranche[s] [    ] of the Securities [is/are] already admitted to [the Official 
List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange] (Specify other) and to trading on 
[the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market] (Specify other) with 
effect from [    ].]  
[Not Applicable]  
(iv) 
Estimate of total expenses 
related to admission to trading: 
[    ]] 
[To be included only in the case of Pricing Supplements: 
(iii) 
Listing/Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the 
Securities to be admitted to trading on [the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's 
Euro MTF Market] (Specify other MTF) with effect from [       ].]  
[Application is expected to be made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the 
Securities to be admitted to trading on [the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's 
Euro MTF Market] (Specify other MTF) with effect from [       ].]  
[Tranche[s] [    ] of the Securities [is/are] already admitted to trading on 
[the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's Euro MTF Market] (Specify other 
MTF) with effect from [    ].]  
[Not Applicable]

--- Page 386 ---
Form of Final Terms / Pricing Supplement 
 
382 
 
2. 
RATINGS 
Ratings: 
[Securities to be issued] [have been/has/is/are expected to be] [rated] [have 
not been rated]. [The following ratings reflect ratings assigned to Securities 
of this type issued under the Programme generally]: 
[S&P Canada: [    ]] 
[Moody's Canada: [    ]] 
[Fitch: [    ]] 
[[Other]: [    ]] 
(Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of the ratings if this 
has been previously published by the rating provider) 
[Each of] [S&P Canada / Moody's Canada [and]/ Fitch] is established 
outside the EU and the UK and has not applied for registration under 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended, the "EU CRA Regulation") 
or Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the 
UK by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK 
CRA Regulation"). [Ratings by S&P Canada are endorsed by S&P Global 
Ratings Europe Limited and S&P Global Ratings UK Limited[,] /ratings 
by Moody's Canada are endorsed by Moody's Deutschland GmbH and 
Moody's Investors Services Ltd. [and]/ ratings by Fitch are endorsed by 
Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited and Fitch Ratings Limited, each of which is 
a credit rating agency established in the EU and registered under the EU 
CRA Regulation or established in the United Kingdom and registered 
under the UK CRA Regulation, respectively, each in accordance with the 
EU CRA Regulation or the UK CRA Regulation, as applicable.]  
[ESMA is obliged to maintain on its website a list of credit rating agencies 
registered in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation. This list must be 
updated within 5 working days of ESMA's adoption of any decision to 
withdraw the registration of a credit rating agency under the EU CRA 
Regulation. 
The 
list 
is 
located 
on 
ESMA's 
website 
at 
https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-agencies/cra-authorisation.] 
[The FCA is obliged to maintain on its website a list of credit rating 
agencies registered in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. The 
FCA's website address is https://www.fca.org.uk/markets/credit-rating-
agencies/registered-certified-cras.] 
See section headed "Credit Rating Agencies" of the Base Prospectus for 
details regarding such ratings.  
 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the offer of the 
Securities has an interest material to the offer. The [Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the 
future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, 
the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business.] / [    ] / [Not Applicable]

--- Page 387 ---
Form of Final Terms / Pricing Supplement 
 
383 
 
4. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
ISIN: 
[    ] 
Common Code: 
[    ] 
WKN or any other relevant codes: 
[    ] [Not Applicable] 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV, Clearstream 
Banking S.A. and Euroclear France 
S.A., their addresses and the relevant 
identification number(s): 
[    ] [Not Applicable] 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any), Listing 
Agent(s) (if any), Registrar(s) or 
Transfer Agent(s): 
[    ] [None] 
 
5. 
DISTRIBUTION 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated] [Non-syndicated] 
(ii) 
If syndicated, names of 
Manager(s): 
[    ] [Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
If non-syndicated, name of 
Dealer(s): 
[    ] [Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(If the Securities clearly do not constitute "packaged" products, or the 
Securities do constitute "packaged" products and a key information 
document will be prepared in the EEA, "Not Applicable" should be 
specified. If the Securities may constitute "packaged" products and no key 
information document will be prepared or if the Issuer wishes to prohibit 
offers to EEA retail investors for any other reason, "Applicable" should be 
specified) 
(v) 
Prohibition of Sales to Belgian 
Consumers 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(vi) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK 
Retail Investors: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(If the Securities clearly do not constitute "packaged" products, or the 
Securities do constitute "packaged" products and a key information 
document will be prepared in the UK, "Not Applicable" should be specified. 
If the Securities may constitute "packaged" products and no key 
information document will be prepared or if the Issuer wishes to prohibit 
offers to UK retail investors for any other reason, "Applicable" should be 
specified) 
(vii) 
Singapore Sales to Institutional 
Investors and Accredited 
Investors only: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]

--- Page 388 ---
Form of Final Terms / Pricing Supplement 
 
384 
 
(viii) 
Swiss Non-Exempt Public 
Offer: 
[Yes (the Base Prospectus has been registered in Switzerland with the 
prospectus office of SIX Exchange Regulation as reviewing body 
(Prüfstelle) under the Financial Services Act ("FinSA") as a foreign 
prospectus, which is deemed approved in Switzerland pursuant to article 
54 para. 2 FinSA, and included in the list of approved prospectuses and 
deposited with such reviewing body and published in Switzerland). If an 
obligation to prepare a supplement to the Base Prospectus pursuant to 
article 56 para 1 FinSA is triggered during the Swiss Offer Period in 
Switzerland, subscriptions may be withdrawn by Swiss investors within 
two days of publication of the supplement. /No]13 
[(ix)  
Prohibition of offer to private 
clients in Switzerland 
[The Securities must not be offered to investors in Switzerland who qualify 
as private clients within the meaning of article 4 FinSA and who have to be 
provided with a basic information sheet pursuant to article 8 FinSA.]14 
 
13  Insert "Yes" in the case of Securities offered in Switzerland to any type of investors and documented on the basis of the Form of Final Terms and 
where the Final Terms are being deposited with the prospectus office of SIX Exchange Regulation as Swiss reviewing body and a key information 
document within the meaning of the FinSA (a PRIIPs KID is deemed an equivalent document and can be used in Switzerland to meet the 
requirement of preparing a key information document) will be provided. Insert "No" in the case of Securities offered under an exemption from the 
Swiss prospectus requirement (e.g., private placement, professional clients, issue size below CHF 8 million). If "No" is inserted, no Pricing 
Supplement shall be deposited with the prospectus office of SIX Exchange Regulation as Swiss reviewing body and no Pricing Supplement needs 
to be made available in Switzerland in any form. 
14  Insert if no basic information sheet within the meaning of the FinSA or PRIIPs KID will be prepared.

--- Page 389 ---
Form of Final Terms / Pricing Supplement 
 
385 
 
6. 
REASONS FOR THE ISSUE 
/ USE OF PROCEEDS: 
[Not specified.]  
[[Sustainable Securities: ] [Sustainability Bonds – specify details in 
accordance with the Framework][Green Bonds – specify details in 
accordance with the Framework][Social Bonds – specify details in 
accordance with the Framework]  
The net proceeds of the issue of the Securities will be used to finance or 
refinance, in whole or in part, future and existing eligible businesses and 
eligible projects, including the Issuer's own operations, that fall within the 
[following] Eligible Categories (as defined within the Framework)][:][.]  
[ 
Sustainable 
Labelled 
project(s) 
Eligible Categories 
 
Green 
Renewable 
Energy 
[Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
Energy 
Efficiency 
[Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
Pollution 
Prevention and 
Control 
[Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
Sustainable 
Water and 
Wastewater 
Management 
[Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
Sustainable 
Buildings 
[Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
Low-Carbon 
Transportation 
[Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
 
 
Social 
Affordable 
Housing 
[Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
Access to 
Basic and 
Essential 
Services 
[Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
Loans to Small 
and Medium-
sized 
Enterprises 
[Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
][specify additional criteria which will be used to determine how the 
proceeds are allocated for sustainable purposes]]

--- Page 390 ---
Form of Final Terms / Pricing Supplement 
 
386 
 
[7. 
U.S. TAX 
CONSIDERATIONS 
[The Issuer has determined that the Securities are [not] Specified Securities 
for purposes of Section 871(m) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, 
as amended.]. [As at the date hereof, the Issuer has not determined whether 
the Securities are Specified Securities for purposes of Section 871(m) of 
the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986; however, indicatively it considers 
that they will [not] be Specified Securities for these purposes. This is 
indicative information only, subject to change, and if the Issuer's final 
determination is different, then it will give notice of such determination.]15  
(The Securities will not be Specified Securities if they do not reference any 
U.S. equity or any index that contains any component U.S. equity or 
otherwise provide direct or indirect exposure to U.S. equities. If the 
Securities reference a U.S. equity or an index that contains a component 
U.S. equity or otherwise provide direct or indirect exposure to U.S. 
equities, further analysis would be required to determine if the Securities 
will be Specified Securities. If the Securities are Specified Securities, or if 
additional disclosure with respect to the 871(m) determination is required, 
include the "Additional information" sentence and specify where additional 
information may be found.)] [Not Applicable] 
8. 
COMISSIONS/FEES: 
[    ] 
9. 
ESTIMATED NET  
PROCEEDS: 
 
[    ]]16 
[10. 
ESTIMATED TOTAL  
EXPENSES: 
Not Applicable – there are no estimated expenses charged to the Investor 
by the Issuer] [Expenses shall be allocated by each major purpose and 
presented in order of priority of those purposes: [    ]] 
11. 
[[TERMS AND 
CONDITIONS OF THE 
OFFER]17 
[    ] 
(i) 
Authorised Offer(s) 
 
 
(a) 
Public Offer: 
[Not Applicable]/[An offer of the Securities may be made, subject to the 
conditions set out below by the Authorised Offeror(s) (specified in (b) 
immediately below) other than pursuant to Article 1(4) of the EU 
Prospectus Regulation in the Public Offer Jurisdiction(s) (specified in (c) 
immediately below) during the Offer Period (specified in (d) immediately 
below) subject to the conditions set out in the Base Prospectus and in (e) 
immediately below] 
 
(b) 
Name(s) 
and 
address(es), 
to 
the 
extent known to the 
Issuer, of the placers in 
the various countries 
where the offer takes 
place 
(together 
the 
"Authorised 
Offeror(s)"): 
Each financial intermediary specified in (i) and (ii) below: 
(i) 
Specific consent: [[⚫] (the "Initial Authorised Offeror(s)")] 
[and each financial intermediary expressly named as an 
Authorised Offeror on the website of the Issuer: (www.nbc.ca)]; 
and 
 
 
(ii) 
General consent: [Not Applicable]/[Applicable: each financial 
intermediary which (A) is authorised to make such offers under 
 
15  This formulation to be used if the Issuer has not made a determination regarding whether the Securities are Specified Securities as of the date of 
the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement. 
16  Only required in Final Terms in case of public offer for products with a denomination of less than EUR 100,000. 
17 
Only required in Final Terms in case of public offer and only for products with a denomination of less than EUR 100,000.

--- Page 391 ---
Form of Final Terms / Pricing Supplement 
 
387 
 
Directive 2014/65/EU, and (B) accepts such offer by publishing 
on its website the Acceptance Statement] 
 
(c) 
Jurisdiction(s) 
where 
the offer may take place 
(together, the "Public 
Offer 
Jurisdictions(s)"): 
[    ] 
 
(d) 
Offer period for which 
use 
of 
the 
Base 
Prospectus is authorised 
by 
the 
Authorised 
Offeror(s): 
[    ] [Not Applicable] 
(Insert information relating to an offer of Securities in Switzerland in case 
"Swiss Non-Exempt Public Offer" is specified as "Yes") 
[An offer of the Securities may be made in Switzerland during the period 
from [(and including)] [⚫] (Specify date) to [(and including)] [⚫] (Specify 
date)] (the "Swiss Offer Period")] 
 
(e) 
Other conditions for use 
of the Base Prospectus 
by 
the 
Authorised 
Offeror(s): 
[    ] [[    ], in relation to those Authorised Offeror(s) specified in (b)(ii) 
above only] [Not Applicable] 
(ii) 
Other terms and conditions of 
the offer 
 
 
(a) 
Total amount of offer: 
[    ] [Not Applicable] 
 
(b) 
Conditions to which the 
offer is subject: 
[    ] [Not Applicable] 
 
(c) 
Time period, including 
any 
possible 
amendments, 
during 
which the offer will be 
open and description of 
the application process: 
[    ] [Not Applicable] 
 
(d) 
Description 
of 
the 
application process: 
[    ] [Not Applicable] 
 
(e) 
Details of the minimum 
and/or 
maximum 
amount of application: 
[    ] [The minimum amount of application which can be subscribed by the 
relevant Investors is [    ].] [The maximum amount of application which 
can be subscribed by the relevant Investors is [    ].] [There is no [minimum] 
[minimum] [and] [maximum] amount of application] [Not Applicable] 
 
(f) 
Description 
of 
possibility to reduce 
subscriptions 
and 
manner for refunding 
excess amount paid by 
applicants: 
[    ] [Not Applicable] 
 
(g) 
Details of method and 
time limits for paying 
up and delivering the 
Products: 
[    ] [Not Applicable] 
 
(h) 
Manner in and date on 
which results of the 
[    ] [Not Applicable]

--- Page 392 ---
Form of Final Terms / Pricing Supplement 
 
388 
 
offer are to be made 
public: 
 
(i) 
Process for notification 
to applicants of the 
amount 
allotted 
and 
indication 
whether 
dealing 
may 
begin 
before notification is 
made: 
[    ] [Not Applicable] 
 
(j) 
Amount 
of 
any 
expenses 
and 
taxes 
specifically charged to 
the 
subscriber 
or 
purchaser: 
[    ] [Not Applicable]  
 
(k) 
Name(s) 
and 
address(es), legal entity 
identifier, 
domicile, 
legal form and country 
of incorporation, to the 
extent known to the 
Issuer, of the placers in 
the various countries 
where the offer takes 
place: 
[    ] [Not Applicable]] 
 
] 
12. 
BENCHMARKS: 
Amounts payable under the Securities will be calculated by reference to 
[    ] which [is/are] provided by [     ]. As at [    ], [    ] [EMMI] [SIX Index 
AG] [appears/does not appear] on the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and 
Markets Authority pursuant to Article 36 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, 
as amended from time to time (the "Benchmarks Regulation"). [As far 
as the Issuer is aware, the [Bank of England] as administrator of SONIA 
the [Federal Reserve Bank of New York] as administrator of SOFR, the 
[European Central Bank] as administrator of €STR are not required to be 
registered by virtue of article 2 of the Benchmarks Regulation] [As far as 
the Issuer is aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of Regulation 
(EU) 2016/1011 apply, such that ICE Benchmark Administration 
Limited is not currently required to obtain authorisation or registration 
(or, if located outside the European Union, recognition, endorsement or 
equivalence).]] 
 
 
[Not Applicable] 
13. 
YIELD: 
[Not Applicable]. 
(Only applicable in case of Fixed Rate Securities and Zero Coupon 
Securities. If not applicable, delete the remaining items of this 
subparagraph.) 
 
[Indication of yield: 
The yield is [    ].]] 
14. 
HISTORIC INTEREST 
RATES: 
[Not Applicable] [Details of historic [insert Benchmark] can be obtained 
from [Refinitiv] [    ] [    ]].

--- Page 393 ---
Form of Final Terms / Pricing Supplement 
 
389 
 
(Only applicable in case of Structured Securities with Interest 
Benchmarks as an Underlying. If not applicable, delete the remaining 
items of this subparagraph.) 
15. 
PERFORMANCE OF THE 
UNDERLYING AND OTHER 
INFORMATION: 
[Not Applicable] [[    ] (specify)]. 
(If the Securities are linked to one or more Underlying(s), include details 
of where information on each Underlying can be obtained including an 
indication of where information about the past and future performance 
and volatility of such Underlying can be obtained by electronic means 
and whether or not it can be obtained free of charge.) 
16. 
PERFORMANCE OF THE 
BENCHMARK AND OTHER 
INFORMATION: 
[Not Applicable] [[Past and future performance of [    ] are available on 
[    ]][    ] (specify)]. 
(If the Securities are linked to one or more Benchmark(s), include details 
of where information on each Benchmark can be obtained including an 
indication of where information about the past and future performance 
and volatility of such Benchmark can be obtained by electronic means 
and whether or not it can be obtained free of charge.)

--- Page 394 ---
Taxation 
 
390 
 
TAXATION 
 
Investors should be aware that the tax legislation of the country in which the Investor is resident and of 
the Issuer's country of incorporation may have an impact on the income received from the Securities. 
The level and basis of taxation on the Securities and on the Investor depend on the Investors individual 
circumstances and could change at any time and may have an adverse impact on the return received by 
the investor under the Security. 
1. 
General taxation information 
Transactions involving Securities (including purchases, transfers and/or redemptions), the accrual or 
receipt of any interest or premium payable on the Securities, the delivery of any entitlement and the 
death of a holder of any Security may have tax consequences for Investors which may depend, amongst 
other things, upon the tax residence and/or status of the Investor, the terms and conditions of the 
particular Security and the relevant law and practice of taxation authorities in relevant jurisdictions. 
Investors are therefore advised to consult their own tax advisors as to the tax consequences of 
transactions involving Securities and the effect of any tax laws in any jurisdiction in which they may be 
tax resident or otherwise liable to tax. In particular, no representation is made as to the manner in which 
payments under the Securities would be characterised by any relevant taxing authority. 
Purchasers and/or sellers of Securities may be required to pay stamp taxes and other charges in addition to the 
issue price or purchase price (if different) of the Securities and in connection with the transfer or delivery of 
any Underlying.  
Terms defined in the sections below are defined for the purpose of the relevant section only.  
2. 
Canadian Taxation 
The following summary describes the principal Canadian federal income tax considerations under the Income 
Tax Act (Canada) (the "Act") and the regulations thereunder generally applicable to an initial purchaser of 
Securities who acquires Securities, including entitlements to all payments thereunder, at the issue price as a 
beneficial owner pursuant to this Base Prospectus or common shares of the Bank or any affiliate of the Bank 
on a Bail-in Conversion ("Common Shares"), and who, for purposes of the Act and any applicable income 
tax treaty or convention, at all relevant times, is not resident and is not deemed to be resident in Canada, deals 
at arm's length and is not affiliated with the Bank and any issuer of Common Shares, deals at arm's length with 
any Canadian resident (or deemed Canadian resident) to whom the holder disposes or is deemed to have 
disposed of the Securities, does not use or hold and is not deemed to use or hold Securities or Common Shares 
in or in the course of carrying on a business in Canada, is not a "specified shareholder" (within the meaning of 
subsection 18(5) of the Act) of the Bank and is not a person who does not deal at arm's length with a "specified 
shareholder" of the Bank, and is not an insurer carrying on an insurance business in Canada and elsewhere (a 
"Non-resident Holder"). 
In addition, this summary assumes that (i) a Non-resident Holder is not an entity in respect of which the Bank 
is a "specified entity" as defined in the legislative proposals to amend the Act contained in Bill C-59 released 
by the Canadian federal government in November 2023, with respect to "hybrid mismatch arrangements" (the 
"Hybrid Mismatch Proposals"), and (ii) no amount paid or payable to a Non-resident Holder in respect of 
the Securities will be the deduction component of a "hybrid mismatch arrangement" under which the payment 
arises within the meaning of proposed paragraph 18.4(3)(b) of the Act contained in the Hybrid Mismatch 
Proposals. Investors should note that the Hybrid Mismatch Proposals are in consultation form, are highly 
complex, and there remains significant uncertainty as to their interpretation and application. There can be no 
assurance that the Hybrid Mismatch Proposals will be enacted in their current form, or at all.

--- Page 395 ---
Taxation 
 
391 
 
This summary is based upon the provisions of the Act and the regulations thereunder in force on the date 
hereof, proposed amendments to the Act and the regulations thereunder in a form publicly announced prior to 
the date hereof by or on behalf of the Minister of Finance (Canada) (the "Proposed Amendments") and 
Canadian counsel's understanding of the current administrative policies of the Canada Revenue Agency 
published in writing prior to the date hereof. This summary assumes that all Proposed Amendments will be 
enacted in the form proposed. There can be no assurance that the Proposed Amendments will be enacted as 
proposed or at all. Except for the Proposed Amendments, this summary does not take into account or anticipate 
any other changes in law or administrative policies, whether by legislative, governmental or judicial action or 
interpretation, nor does it take into account any other federal, provincial, territorial or foreign income tax 
legislation or considerations. Subsequent developments could have a material effect on the following 
description.  
This summary is of a general nature only and is not intended to be, and should not be construed to be, 
legal or tax advice to any particular Non-resident Holder and no representation with respect to the 
federal income tax consequences to any particular Non-resident Holder is being made. Accordingly, 
Investors should consult their own tax advisors with respect to the tax consequences of acquiring, 
holding and disposing of Securities or Common Shares having regard to their own particular 
circumstances. 
Generally, for purposes of the Act, all amounts relating to the acquisition, holding or disposition of the 
Securities and Common Shares not denominated in Canadian dollars must be converted into Canadian dollars 
based on the relevant exchange rate determined in accordance with the rules in the Act. Any amount subject 
to withholding tax and any capital gains or capital losses realised by a Non-resident Holder may be affected 
by fluctuations in the relevant exchange rate. 
The Canadian federal income tax considerations applicable to Securities may be described in the applicable 
Final Terms or in the applicable Pricing Supplement related thereto when such Securities are offered. In the 
event the Canadian federal income tax considerations are described in the applicable Final Terms or in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement, the following description will be superseded by the description in such Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be, to the extent indicated therein. 
Securities 
Interest paid or credited or deemed to be paid or credited by the Bank in respect of a Security (including 
amounts on account or in lieu of payment of, or in satisfaction of, interest and amounts paid at maturity in 
excess of the principal amount and interest deemed to be paid in certain cases involving the assignment or 
other transfer of a Security to a person resident, or deemed to be resident, in Canada) to a Non-resident Holder 
will not be subject to Canadian withholding tax, unless any portion of such interest (other than on a "prescribed 
obligation" described below) is contingent or dependent on the use of or production from property in Canada 
or is computed by reference to revenue, profit, cash flow, commodity price or any other similar criterion or by 
reference to dividends paid or payable to shareholders on any class of shares of a corporation ("Participating 
Debt Interest"). A "prescribed obligation" for this purpose is a debt obligation the terms or conditions of 
which provide for an adjustment to an amount payable in respect of the obligation for a period during which 
the obligation was outstanding, which adjustment is determined by reference to a change in the purchasing 
power of money, and no amount payable in respect thereof, other than an amount determined by reference to 
a change in the purchasing power of money, is contingent or dependent upon the use of, or production from, 
property in Canada or is computed by reference to any of the criteria described in the definition of Participating 
Debt Interest (described above). 
In the event that a Security, the interest on which is not exempt from Canadian withholding tax by virtue of its 
terms, is redeemed, cancelled, purchased or repurchased by the Bank or any other person resident or deemed 
to be resident in Canada from a Non-resident Holder or is otherwise assigned or transferred by a Non-resident 
Holder to a person resident or deemed to be resident in Canada for an amount which exceeds, generally, the 
issue price thereof, the amount of such excess may be deemed to be interest and may, together with any interest 
that has accrued or is deemed to have accrued on the Security to that time, be subject to Canadian withholding 
tax if the Security is not considered to be an "excluded obligation" for purposes of the Act. A Security that is

--- Page 396 ---
Taxation 
 
392 
 
not an "indexed debt obligation" (described below) will be an "excluded obligation" for this purpose if it was 
issued for an amount that is not less than 97% of its principal amount (as defined in the Act), and if the yield 
from such Security, expressed in terms of an annual rate (determined in accordance with the Act) on the amount 
for which the Security was issued, does not exceed 4/3 of the interest stipulated to be payable on the Security, 
expressed in terms of an annual rate on the outstanding principal amount from time to time. An "indexed debt 
obligation" is a debt obligation the terms and conditions of which provide for an adjustment to an amount 
payable in respect of the obligation, for a period during which the obligation was outstanding, that is 
determined by reference to a change in the purchasing power of money.  
There should be no other taxes on income (including taxable capital gains) payable by a Non-resident Holder 
in respect of the holding or disposition of a Security, including in respect of a redemption, payment on maturity, 
Bail-in Conversion, cancellation, purchase or repurchase.  
Common Shares 
Dividends paid or credited, or deemed under the Act to be paid or credited, on Common Shares of the Bank or 
of any affiliate of the Bank that is a Canadian resident corporation to a Non-resident Holder will generally be 
subject to Canadian non-resident withholding tax at the rate of 25% on the gross amount of such dividends 
unless the rate is reduced under the provisions of an applicable income tax treaty or convention between 
Canada and the country in which the Non-resident Holder is resident. 
A Non-resident Holder will not be subject to tax under the Act in respect of any capital gain realised on a 
disposition or deemed disposition of a Common Share unless the Common Share is, or is deemed to be, 
"taxable Canadian property" of the Non-resident Holder for the purposes of the Act and the Non-resident 
Holder is not entitled to an exemption under an applicable income tax treaty or convention between Canada 
and the country in which the Non-resident Holder is resident. For these purposes, a Common Share will 
constitute "taxable Canadian property" to a Non-resident Holder only if, at any time during the 60-month 
period immediately preceding the disposition of the Common Share by such Non-resident Holder, (i) 25% or 
more of the issued Common Shares were owned by one or more of the Non-resident Holder, persons with 
whom the Non-resident Holder did not deal at arm's length (within the meaning of the Act) and partnerships 
in which the Non-resident Holder or persons with whom the Non-resident Holder did not deal at arm's length 
hold a membership interest directly or indirectly through one or more partnerships, and (ii) the Common Share 
derived more than 50% of its fair market value, directly or indirectly, from any combination of real or 
immovable property situated in Canada, Canadian resource properties (within the meaning of the Act), timber 
resource properties (within the meaning of the Act) or options or interests in any such properties or the 
Common Share was otherwise deemed to be "taxable Canadian property". 
The foregoing summary is of a general nature only, and is not intended to be, nor should it be construed 
as, legal or tax advice to any particular Non-resident Holder. Non-resident Holders should therefore 
consult their own tax advisors with respect to their particular circumstances. 
3. 
United States Taxation 
The following is an overview of certain of the material US federal income tax consequences of the acquisition, 
ownership and disposition of Securities by a non-US holder that has no connection to the United States other 
than holding the Securities. For purposes of this section, a "non-US holder" is a beneficial owner of Securities 
that is: (i) a non-resident alien individual for US federal income tax purposes; (ii) a foreign corporation for US 
federal income tax purposes; or (iii) an estate or trust whose income is not subject to US federal income tax on 
a net income basis. If a partnership (including any entity treated as a partnership for US federal income tax 
purposes) holds Securities, the tax treatment of a partner generally will depend on the status of the partner and 
upon the activities of the partnership. Investors that are not non-US holders or investors that are partnerships, 
should consult their tax advisers with regard to the US federal income tax considerations of an investment in 
the Securities. 
This summary is based on interpretations of the US Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the "Code"), Treasury 
regulations issued thereunder, and rulings and decisions currently in effect (or in some cases proposed), all of

--- Page 397 ---
Taxation 
 
393 
 
which are subject to change. Any of those changes may be applied retroactively and may adversely affect the 
US federal income tax consequences described herein. Investors should consult their own tax advisers 
concerning the application of US federal income tax laws to their particular situations as well as any 
consequences of the purchase, beneficial ownership and disposition of Securities arising under the laws of any 
other taxing jurisdiction. 
INVESTORS SHOULD CONSULT THEIR TAX ADVISERS AS TO THE US FEDERAL, STATE, 
LOCAL, AND OTHER TAX CONSEQUENCES TO THEM OF THE PURCHASE, OWNERSHIP AND 
DISPOSITION OF SECURITIES.  
Withholding Under Section 871(m) 
Under section 871(m) of the Code and regulations thereunder, a payment on a financial instrument that directly 
or indirectly references a US company may be treated as a "dividend equivalent" payment from sources within 
the United States. Such payments generally will be subject to US withholding tax at a rate of 30 per cent. The 
regulations provide that a payment includes a dividend equivalent payment whether there is an explicit or 
implicit reference to a dividend with respect to the underlying security. An underlying security is any interest 
in an entity if a payment with respect to that interest could give rise to a US source dividend. Certain exceptions 
may apply to an issue of Securities that references an index that is treated as a "qualified index". 
Final regulations and administrative guidance provide that with respect to a financial instrument issued on or 
after 1 January 2017 and before 1 January 2027, an instrument that has a delta of one with respect to an 
underlying security will be subject to withholding. With respect to a financial instrument issued on or after 1 
January 2027, (a) a "simple" financial instrument that has a delta of 0.8 or greater with respect to an underlying 
security and (b) a "complex" financial instrument that meets the "substantial equivalence test" with respect to 
an underlying security will be subject to withholding under section 871(m). The delta of a simple instrument 
is determined, and the substantial equivalence test for a complex instrument is performed, on the earlier of the 
date that the financial instrument is priced and the date when the financial instrument is issued; however, the 
issue date must be used if the financial instrument is priced more than 14 calendar days before it is issued. In 
addition, the delta or substantial equivalence of Securities that are sold or acquired after their initial issuance 
may, in certain cases, be required to be retested at the time of sale. If such Securities are determined to be 
section 871(m) transactions, it is possible that all holders of Securities, including holders of Securities sold at 
their initial issuance, may be adversely affected if the Issuer or a withholding agent does not, or is unable to, 
identify and distinguish Securities sold at initial issuance and thereafter. 
Certain events may cause previously issued Securities to be deemed to be new issuances for purposes of the 
effective dates provided in the regulations. For example, it is possible that the IRS could assert that a 
reconstitution or rebalancing of an underlying basket or index is a significant modification of a Security due 
to an exercise of discretion with respect to such reconstitution or rebalancing and a deemed reissuance upon 
the occurrence of such event. It is also possible that US withholding tax could apply to the Securities under 
these rules if a holder enters, or has entered, into certain other transactions in respect of the underlying equity 
or the Securities. A holder that enters, or has entered, into other transactions in respect of the underlying or the 
Securities should consult its own tax advisor regarding the application of section 871(m) to its Securities in 
the context of its other transactions. 
Withholding on payments will be based on actual dividends or, if otherwise notified by the Issuer in accordance 
with applicable regulations, on estimated dividends used in pricing the Security. If a Security provides for any 
payments in addition to estimated dividends to reflect dividends on the underlying security, withholding will 
be based on total payments. If the Securities are subject to withholding under section 871(m), information 
regarding the amount of each dividend equivalent and any other information necessary to apply the regulations 
in respect of such Securities will be provided, communicated, or made available to holders of the Securities in 
a manner permitted by the applicable regulations. Withholding tax may apply even where holders do not 
receive a concurrent payment on the Securities in respect of dividends on a reference asset. US tax will be 
withheld on any portion of a payment or deemed payment on the Securities treated as a dividend equivalent.

--- Page 398 ---
Taxation 
 
394 
 
If payments on the Securities are subject to withholding under section 871(m), the Issuer expects to withhold 
at 30 per cent. even if a holder is otherwise eligible for a reduction under an applicable treaty. Non-US holders 
that are entitled to a lower rate of withholding under a tax treaty may be able to claim a refund for any excess 
amounts withheld by filing a US tax return. However, holders may not receive the necessary information to 
properly claim a refund for any withholding in excess of the applicable treaty-based amount. In addition, the 
IRS may not credit a holder for withholding taxes remitted in respect of a Security for purposes of claiming a 
refund. Finally, a holder's resident tax jurisdiction may not permit the holder to take a credit for US withholding 
taxes related to dividend equivalent amounts. The Issuer will not pay any additional amounts with respect to 
amounts withheld. 
The relevant Issue Terms may indicate if the Issuer has determined that a Security is subject to withholding 
under section 871(m). Although the Issuer's determination generally is binding on holders, it is not binding on 
the IRS. The IRS may successfully argue that a Security is subject to withholding under section 871(m), 
notwithstanding the Issuer's determination to the contrary. The section 871(m) regulations are extremely 
complex. Holders should consult their tax advisors regarding the US federal income tax consequences to them 
of section 871(m) and regulations thereunder, and whether payments or deemed payments on the Securities 
constitute dividend equivalent payments. 
Foreign Investment in Real Property Tax  
Under Section 897 of the Code, commonly referred to as the US Foreign Investment in Real Property Tax Act 
("FIRPTA"), a Non-US Holder may be subject to US federal income tax on a disposition of a United States 
real property interest (a "USRPI"). Very generally, a USRPI may be an interest in US real property or an 
interest in a United States real property holding corporation (a "USRPHC") within the meaning of Section 897 
of the Code. However, an interest in a USRPHC that does not exceed generally 5 per cent. (10 per cent. in the 
case of a real estate investment trust) of the corporation's regularly traded stock is not a USRPI, after taking 
into account shares or interests of the underlying issuer that are directly, indirectly or constructively owned by 
such Non-US Holder. In addition, holding Securities may also impact the taxation of such other shares or 
interests. 
The Issuer will not attempt to ascertain whether an issuer of reference shares, or an issuer of shares that are 
components of an index or basket, is a USRPHC. If a Security is a USRPI, any gain from the disposition 
thereof generally would be subject to US federal income tax and required to be reported by the Non-US Holder 
on a US federal income tax return, and the amount realised on such disposition would in certain cases be 
subject to withholding at a rate of 15 per cent. Even if the Issuer does not withhold, there can be no assurance 
that a withholding agent will not withhold in respect of a Security. A Non-US Holder may have US income 
tax liability that exceeds amounts withheld, if any. Neither the Issuer nor a withholding agent will pay any 
additional amounts in respect of amounts withheld or any tax liability arising under section 897 of the Code. 
Non-US Holders should consult with their tax advisors regarding the application of section 897 to an 
investment in the Securities. 
US Federal Estate Tax 
Securities may be subject to US federal estate tax if an individual holds the Securities at the time of his or her 
death. The gross estate of a holder domiciled outside the United States includes only property situated in the 
United States. Holders should consult their tax advisors regarding the US federal estate tax consequences of 
holding the Securities at death. 
Backup Withholding and Information Reporting 
A holder may be subject to backup withholding with respect to certain amounts paid to such holder unless it 
provides a correct taxpayer identification number, complies with certain certification procedures establishing 
that it is not a US person or establishes proof of another applicable exemption, and otherwise complies with 
applicable requirements of the backup withholding rules. Backup withholding is not an additional tax. A holder 
can claim a credit against its US federal income tax liability for amounts withheld under the backup 
withholding rules, and amounts in excess of its liability are refundable if such holder provides the required

--- Page 399 ---
Taxation 
 
395 
 
information to the IRS in a timely fashion. A holder may also be subject to information reporting to the IRS 
with respect to certain amounts paid to such holder unless it (1) provides a properly executed IRS Form W-8 
(or other qualifying documentation) or (2) otherwise establishes a basis for exemption. If such withholding 
applies, the Issuer will not be required to pay any additional amounts with respect to amounts withheld. 
FATCA 
Under sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any final current or future regulations or official interpretations 
thereof, any agreement entered into pursuant to section 1471(b) of the Code, or any US or non-US fiscal or 
regulatory legislation, rules or practices adopted pursuant to any intergovernmental agreement entered into in 
connection with the implementation of such sections of the Code or any other non-US tax information reporting 
regimes ("FATCA"), a 30 per cent. withholding tax may be imposed on "withholdable payments" and certain 
"passthru payments" made to (i) a "foreign financial institution" unless the financial institution complies with, 
among other things, certain information reporting and withholding obligations with respect to its accounts in 
accordance with applicable rules, and (ii) any other holder or beneficial owner that does not comply with the 
Issuer's or an intermediary financial institution's request for ownership certifications and identifying 
information. The failure to provide such information, or the failure of certain non-US financial institutions to 
comply with FATCA, may compel the Issuer or an intermediary to withhold 30 per cent. on payments on the 
Securities to such holders. Neither the Issuer nor any other person will pay any additional amounts with respect 
to such withholding.  
Withholding under FATCA applies currently to "withholdable payments" and with respect to "foreign passthru 
payments," will apply no earlier than the date that is two (2) years after the date on which final US Treasury 
regulations defining "foreign passthru payments" are published. In the case of "foreign passthru payments", 
this withholding would potentially apply to payments in respect of any Securities that are not "grandfathered 
obligations." A grandfathered obligation includes any obligation that is executed on or before the date that is 
six (6) months after the date on which final U.S. Treasury regulations defining the term foreign passthru 
payment are filed with the Federal Register, and such obligation is not materially modified after such date. If 
any Securities are treated as grandfathered obligations, and additional Securities of the same series issued later 
in time are not treated as grandfathered obligations, there may be negative consequences for the existing earlier 
issued Securities, including a negative impact on market price. 
No assurance can be given that payments on the Securities will not be subject to withholding under FATCA. 
Investors should consult their own tax advisors to determine how FATCA may affect an investment in the 
Securities in their particular circumstance.

--- Page 400 ---
Purchase and Sale 
 
396 
 
PURCHASE AND SALE 
 
No representation is made that any action has been or will be taken by the Issuer or any Dealer in any 
jurisdiction that would permit a public offering of any of the Securities or possession or distribution of the 
Base Prospectus or any other offering material or any Issue Terms in relation to any Securities in any country 
or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required (other than actions by the Issuer to meet the standards 
of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency of the EU Prospectus Regulation for offerings 
contemplated in this Base Prospectus and/or the Final Terms). No offers, sales, resales or deliveries of any 
Securities, or distribution of any offering material relating to any Securities, may be made by any Dealer 
appointed by the Issuer or any other offeror in or from any jurisdiction and/or to any individual or entity except 
in circumstances which will result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations and which will not 
impose any obligation on the Issuer and/or the relevant Dealer.  
Subject to the restrictions and conditions set out in this Base Prospectus, the categories of Investors to which 
the Securities are intended to be offered are retail and institutional investors. 
1. 
EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Issue Terms in respect of the relevant Securities specifies 'Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors' as 'Not Applicable', the Securities are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic 
Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client 
as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a 
qualified investor as defined in the EU Prospectus Regulation. Consequently, no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "EU PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling 
the Securities or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA 
may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs Regulation. 
Notwithstanding the above paragraph, in the case where the Issue Terms in respect of any Securities does not 
specify "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" to be not applicable but where the Issuer or the relevant 
Dealer subsequently prepares and publishes a key information document under the EU PRIIPs Regulation in 
respect of such Securities, then following such publication, the prohibition on the offering, sale or otherwise 
making available the Securities to a retail investor in the European Economic Area as described in the above 
paragraph and in such legend shall no longer apply in relation to a member state whose requirements for a key 
information document in relation to the relevant Securities have been satisfied. 
2. 
Selling Restrictions 
2.1 
General 
The selling restrictions may be modified by the agreement of the Issuer and any relevant Dealer, including 
following a change in a relevant law, regulation or directive. 
Other than as expressly described in this Base Prospectus, no action has been taken in any jurisdiction that 
would permit a public offering of any of the Securities, or possession or distribution of the Base Prospectus or 
any other offering material or any Issue Terms, in any country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is 
required. 
Each offeror named in the Final Terms will be required to agree that it will comply with all relevant laws, 
regulations and directives, and obtain all relevant consents, approvals or permissions, in each jurisdiction in 
which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Securities or has in its possession or distributes the Base Prospectus,

--- Page 401 ---
Purchase and Sale 
 
397 
 
any other offering material or any Final Terms, and neither the Issuer nor the relevant Dealer shall have 
responsibility therefor.  
The Securities may not be offered or sold to any person in breach of any sanctions programme applicable to 
the relevant Dealer or the Issuer or implemented by the relevant Dealer or the Issuer, including, without 
limitation, sanctions administered or enforced by the U.S. Government, (including, without limitation, the 
Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury ("OFAC") or the U.S. Department 
of State and including, without limitation, the designation as a "specially designated national" or "blocked 
person"), the United Nations Security Council ("UNSC"), the European Union, His Majesty's Treasury 
("HMT"), or other relevant sanctions authority, including any sanctions to prevent the circumvention of 
international sanctions in connection with the situation in Crimea and Ukraine (collectively, the "Sanctions").  
No investor in the Securities 
• 
shall be a sanctioned person or owned more than 50% by a sanctioned person 
• 
shall be located, organised or resident in a country or territory that is the subject or the target of 
Sanctions (each, a "Sanctioned Country"); 
• 
undertakes any material business with the government of, or any person, entity or other party located, 
domiciled, resident or incorporated in a Sanctioned Country;  
• 
will, directly or indirectly, use the proceeds resulting from the Securities, or lend, contribute or 
otherwise make available such proceeds to any entity, joint venture partner or other person or entity 
(i) to fund or facilitate any activities of or business with any person that, at the time of such funding 
or facilitation, is the subject or the target of Sanctions, (ii) to fund or facilitate any activities of or 
business in any Sanctioned Country or (iii) in any other manner that will result in a violation by any 
person of Sanctions; and 
for the past five years, has knowingly engaged in and is now knowingly engaged in any dealings or transactions 
with any person that at the time of the dealing or transaction is or was the subject or the target of Sanctions or 
with any Sanctioned Country. 
2.2 
European Economic Area 
If the Final Terms specifies the "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", in relation 
to each Member State of the European Economic Area (each, a "Relevant State"), each offeror appointed 
pursuant to the Programme will be required to represent and agree that it has not made and will not make an 
offer of Securities which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by 
the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in that Member State except that it may make an offer of such 
Securities to the public in that Relevant State: 
(a) 
if the Final Terms expressly specifies that an offer of those Securities may be made other than pursuant 
to Article 1(4) of the EU Prospectus Regulation in that Member State (a "Public Offer"), following 
the date of publication of a prospectus in relation to such Securities which has been approved by the 
competent authority in that Member State or, where appropriate, approved in another Member State 
and notified to the competent authority in that Member State, provided that any such prospectus has 
subsequently been completed by the Final Terms contemplating such Public Offer, in accordance with 
the EU Prospectus Regulation, in the period beginning and ending on the dates specified in such 
prospectus or Final Terms, as applicable, and the Issuer has consented in writing to its use for the 
purpose of that Public Offer;  
(b) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the EU Prospectus Regulation; 
(c) 
to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the EU 
Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the offeror(s) nominated by the Issuer 
for any such offer; or

--- Page 402 ---
Purchase and Sale 
 
398 
 
(d) 
in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the EU Prospectus Regulation,  
provided that no such offer of Securities referred to in (c) to (e) above shall require the Issuer or the relevant 
Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the EU Prospectus Regulation, or supplement a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression 'an offer of Securities to the public' in relation to any 
Securities in any Relevant State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Securities to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for the Securities. 
2.3 
Prohibition of sales to EEA Investors 
If the Issue Terms in respect of the Securities specifies the 'Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors' as 
'Applicable', each offeror appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree that it has 
not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Securities 
which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms 
in relation thereto to any EEA Retail Investor in the EEA. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "EEA Retail Investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following:  
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the "Insurance Distribution 
Directive") where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point 
(10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in EU Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Securities to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Securities. 
3. 
France 
Each offeror appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree that it undertakes to 
comply with applicable French laws and regulations in force regarding the offer, the placement or the sale of 
the Securities and the distribution in France of this Base Prospectus or any other offering material relating to 
the Securities. 
For selling restrictions in respect of France, see "European Economic Area" above. 
4. 
Germany  
For selling restrictions in respect of Germany, see "European Economic Area" above. 
5. 
Japan 
No registration pursuant to Article 4, Paragraph 1 of the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan 
(Law No. 25 of 1948, as amended) (the "FIEA") has been made or will be made with respect to the Securities. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it will not offer or sell any Securities, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, 
or for the benefit of, any Resident of Japan (as defined under Article 6, Item 5 of the Foreign Exchange and 
Foreign Trade Act of Japan (Act No. 228 of 1949 of Japan, as amended)), or to others for re-offering or resale, 
directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any Resident of Japan except pursuant to an exemption 
from the registration requirements of, and otherwise under circumstances which will result in compliance with,

--- Page 403 ---
Purchase and Sale 
 
399 
 
the FIEA and any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan promulgated by the 
relevant Japanese governmental and regulatory authorities and in effect at the relevant time. 
6. 
Taiwan  
Each Dealer acknowledges that the Securities have not been and will not be registered or filed with, or 
approved by, the Financial Supervisory Commission of Taiwan and/or other regulatory authority or agency of 
Taiwan pursuant to relevant securities laws and regulations. Accordingly, each Dealer represents, warrants and 
agrees that it has not offered or sold, and will not offer or sell, any Securities within Taiwan through a public 
offering or in circumstances which constitute an offer within the meaning of the Securities and Exchange Act 
of Taiwan or relevant laws and regulations that requires a registration, filing or approval of the Financial 
Supervisory Commission of Taiwan and/or other regulatory authority or agency of Taiwan. 
7. 
Hong Kong  
This document has not been reviewed by the Securities and Futures Commission of Hong Kong, nor has a 
copy of it been registered by the Registrar of Companies in Hong Kong.  
Each offeror of the Securities has represented, warranted and agreed that  
(a) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer and sell such Securities in Hong Kong (excluding Securities 
defined as "structured securities" in the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong), 
by means of any document, to any person other than to "professional investors" within the meaning of 
the Securities and Futures Ordinance and any rules made under that Ordinance, or in other 
circumstances which do not result in the document being a "prospectus" within the meaning of the 
Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong or which 
do not constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of that Ordinance; and 
(b) 
it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or have in its 
possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any advertisement, 
invitation or document relating to the Securities issued under this Base Prospectus which is directed 
at, or the contents of which are likely to be accessed or read by, the public in Hong Kong (except if 
permitted to do so under the securities laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to the Securities 
issued under this Base Prospectus which are or are intended to be disposed of only to persons outside 
Hong Kong or only to "professional investors" within the meaning of the Securities and Futures 
Ordinance and any rules made thereunder. 
8. 
Ireland  
Each offeror appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree that it has not 
offered, sold, placed or underwritten and will not offer, sell, place or underwrite the Securities, or do anything 
in Ireland in respect of the Securities, otherwise than in conformity with the provisions of: 
(a) 
the European Union (Markets in Financial Instruments) Regulations 2017 (as amended), including, 
without limitation, Regulation 5 (Requirement for authorisation and certain provisions concerning 
MTFs and OTFs)) thereof, any rules and codes of conduct made thereunder and the provisions of the 
Investor Compensation Act 1998 (as amended);  
(b) 
the Irish Central Bank Acts 1942 – 2018 (as amended) and any codes of practice made under Section 
117(1) of the Central Bank Act 1989 (as amended);  
(c) 
the EU Prospectus Regulation (2017/1129/EU), Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 
(PR Regulation), Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/989 (RTS Regulation), the European 
Union (Prospectus) Regulations 2019 (S.I. No. 380 of 2019) (as amended) and any rules and guidance 
issued under Section 1363 of the Companies Act 2014 by the Central Bank of Ireland;

--- Page 404 ---
Purchase and Sale 
 
400 
 
(d) 
the Market Abuse Regulation (EU 596/2014) (as amended), the European Union (Market Abuse) 
Regulations 2016 and any rules and guidance issued under Section 1370 of the Companies Act 2014 
by the Central Bank of Ireland; 
(e) 
the Companies Act 2014 (as amended); 
(f) 
in relation to any Securities with a maturity of less than one year, the terms of the Central Bank of 
Ireland's implementation notice for credit institutions BSD C 01/02 of 12 November 2002 (as may be 
amended, replaced or updated from time to time) issued pursuant to Section 8(2) of the Irish Central 
Bank Act 1971 (as amended); and 
(g) 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 November 2014 
on key information documents for packaged retail and insurance based investment Securities (PRIIPs). 
9. 
Italy 
The offering of the Securities has not been registered and will not be registered pursuant to Italian securities 
legislation and therefore no Securities have been or will be offered, sold, promoted, advertised or otherwise 
made available, directly or indirectly, whether upon their initial issue or in any subsequent sale or transfer, in 
the Republic of Italy by the Issuer and/or the Dealer or on their behalf nor may copies of the Base Prospectus, 
any Issue Terms or any other document or offering material relating to the Securities be issued, distributed, 
made available or advertised in the Republic of Italy. 
10. 
Spain 
Each offeror appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree that it undertakes to 
comply with applicable Spanish laws and regulations in force regarding the offer, the placement or the sale of 
the Securities and the distribution in Spain of this Base Prospectus or any other offering material relating to 
the Securities. 
11. 
Sweden 
Each offeror appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree that it undertakes to 
comply with applicable Swedish laws and regulations in force regarding the offer, the placement or the sale of 
the Securities and the distribution in Sweden of this Base Prospectus or any other offering material relating to 
the Securities. 
For selling restrictions in respect of Sweden, see "European Economic Area" above. 
12. 
Belgium 
Other than in respect of Securities for which "Prohibition of Sales to Belgian Consumers" is specified as "Not 
Applicable" in the applicable Issue Terms, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that an offering of Securities may not 
be advertised to any individual in Belgium qualifying as a consumer within the meaning of Article I.1 of the 
Belgian Code of Economic Law, as amended from time to time (a "Belgian Consumer")), and that it has not 
offered, sold or resold, transferred or delivered, and will not offer, sell, resell, transfer or deliver, the Securities, 
and that it has not distributed, and will not distribute, any prospectus memorandum, information circular, 
brochure or any similar documents in relation to the Securities, directly or indirectly, to any Belgian Consumer. 
13. 
Singapore  
Unless the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement in respect of any Securities specifies "Singapore Sales to 
Institutional Investors and Accredited Investors only" as "Not Applicable", each offeror appointed under the 
Programme will be required to acknowledge that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus 
with the Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each offeror appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent, warrant and agree that it has not offered or sold any Securities or caused the Securities

--- Page 405 ---
Purchase and Sale 
 
401 
 
to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell any Securities or 
cause the Securities to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated 
or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other document or material in 
connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Securities, whether directly 
or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than to: (i) an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of 
the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time ("SFA")) pursuant 
to Section 274 of the SFA or (ii) an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant to and 
in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA. 
If the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement in respect of any Securities specifies "Singapore Sales to Institutional 
Investors and Accredited Investors only" as "Not Applicable", each offeror appointed under the Programme 
will be required to acknowledge that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the 
Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each offeror appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent, warrant and agree that it has not offered or sold any Securities or caused the Securities to be made 
the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell any Securities or cause the 
Securities to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or 
distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other document or material in 
connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Securities, whether directly 
or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of 
the SFA pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA), (ii) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the 
SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in 
accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA, or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in 
accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA. 
14. 
Switzerland 
If the relevant Issue Terms in respect of any Securities specifies "Swiss Non-Exempt Public Offer" as "No": 
(a) 
the Securities may not be publicly offered, directly or indirectly, to private clients in Switzerland within 
the meaning of the Financial Services Act ("FinSA"), and neither this document nor the Base 
Prospectus and Issue Terms nor any documents related to the Securities shall constitute a prospectus 
pursuant to the FinSA, and neither this document nor any other offering or marketing material relating 
to the Securities may be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland; and 
(b) 
such Securities may only be offered in Switzerland  
(i) 
in circumstances falling within the exemptions listed in article 36 para. 1 FinSA, such as for 
example  
(A) 
an offer only to professional clients within the meaning of the FinSA; or 
(B) 
an offer to fewer than 500 investors; or 
(C) 
an offer of Securities having a denomination or minimum investment of CHF 100,000 
(or equivalent in another currency) or more; 
(ii) 
or where such offer does not qualify as a public offer in Switzerland. 
If so specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the Securities may not be offered to investors in Switzerland who 
qualify as private clients within the meaning of article 4 FinSA and who have to be provided with a basic 
information sheet pursuant to article 8 FinSA, respectively. 
15. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors: If the Issue Terms in respect of the Securities specifies the 
'Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors' as 'Applicable', each offeror appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer,

--- Page 406 ---
Purchase and Sale 
 
402 
 
sell or otherwise make available any Securities which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Issue Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the UK. For the purposes 
of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 of the United 
Kingdom (as amended, the "EUWA"); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 
2000 of the United Kingdom (as amended, the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended), where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Securities to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Securities. 
No prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors: If the Issue Terms specifies the "Prohibition of Sales to UK 
Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", each offeror appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree that it has not made and will not make an offer of Securities which are the subject of the 
offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Issue Terms in relation thereto to the public 
in the United Kingdom except that it may make an offer of such Securities to the public in the United Kingdom: 
(a) 
if the Issue Terms in relation to the Securities specify that an offer of those Securities may be made 
other than pursuant to section 86 of the FSMA (a "Public Offer"), following the date of publication 
of a prospectus in relation to such Securities which either (i) has been approved by the Financial 
Conduct Authority, or (ii) is to be treated as if it had been approved by the Financial Conduct Authority 
in accordance with the transitional provision in Regulation 74 of the Prospectus (Amendment etc.) 
(EU Exit) Regulations 2019, provided that any such prospectus has subsequently been completed by 
final terms contemplating such Public Offer, in the period beginning and ending on the dates specified 
in such prospectus or final terms, as applicable, and the Issuer has consented in writing to its use for 
the purpose of that Public Offer; 
(b) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(c) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior 
consent of the offeror(s) nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(d) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Securities referred to in (b) to (d) above shall require the Issuer or the relevant 
Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to 
Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Securities to the public" in relation to any 
Securities means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of 
the offer and the Securities to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the 
Securities and the expression "UK Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended) 
as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA and regulations made thereunder.

--- Page 407 ---
Purchase and Sale 
 
403 
 
Other regulatory restrictions: Each offeror has represented and agreed, and each further offeror appointed 
under this Programme will be required to represent and agree that: 
(a) 
Deposit Taking: in relation to any Securities having a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person 
whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as 
principal or agent) for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer 
or sell the Securities other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, 
managing or disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses or 
who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or 
agent) for the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Securities would otherwise constitute 
a contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer; 
(b) 
Financial Promotion: it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only 
communicate or cause to be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment 
activity (within the meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or 
sale of any Securities in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA would not, if it was not an 
authorised person, apply to the Issuer; and 
(c) 
General Compliance: it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA and 
the Financial Conduct Authority Handbook with respect to anything done by it in relation to any 
Securities in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
16. 
Canada 
No prospectus in relation to the Securities has been filed with the securities regulatory authority in any province 
or territory of Canada. The Securities have not been, and will not be, qualified for sale under the securities 
laws of Canada or any province or territory of Canada. Each Dealer represents and agrees that it has not offered, 
sold or distributed, and that it will not offer, sell or distribute, any Securities, directly or indirectly, in Canada 
or to, or for the benefit of, any resident thereof (i) without the prior written consent of the Issuer; and, (ii) if 
such consent is granted, in contravention of the securities laws of Canada or any province or territory of 
Canada. Securities offered in Canada may be subject to additional Canadian selling restrictions as the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer may agree. Each Dealer agrees that it will offer, sell or distribute such Securities only 
in compliance with such additional Canadian selling restrictions and only pursuant to an exemption from the 
requirement to file a prospectus in the province or territory of Canada in which such offer is made. Each Dealer 
agrees not to distribute or deliver the Base Prospectus, or any other offering material or advertisement relating 
to the Securities, in Canada (i) without the prior written consent of the Issuer; and, (ii) if such consent is 
granted, in contravention of the securities laws of any province or territory of Canada. 
17. 
United States of America  
17.1 
US Tax Selling Restrictions 
Securities issued in bearer form for US tax purposes ("Bearer Instruments") with respect to which the Issue 
Terms specifies that they are subject to US Treasury Regulation section 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any successor 
rules in substantially the same form that are applicable for purposes of section 4701 of the US Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986, as amended, (the "Code")) (the "D Rules") may not be offered, sold or delivered within the 
United States or its possessions or to a United States person except as permitted under the D Rules. 
The Issuer and each offeror named in a set of Final Terms will be required to represent and agree that in 
addition to the relevant US Securities Selling Restrictions set out below:  
(a) 
except to the extent permitted under the D Rules, (x) it has not offered or sold, and during the restricted 
period it will not offer or sell, Bearer Instruments to a person who is within the United States or its 
possessions or to a United States person and (y) the offeror has not delivered and agrees that it will not 
deliver within the United States or its possessions definitive Bearer Instruments that will be sold during 
the restricted period;

--- Page 408 ---
Purchase and Sale 
 
404 
 
(b) 
it has and agrees that throughout the restricted period it will have in effect procedures reasonably 
designed to ensure that its employees or agents who are directly engaged in selling Bearer Instruments 
are aware that Bearer Instruments may not be offered or sold during the restricted period to a person 
who is within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person (except to the extent 
permitted under the D Rules); 
(c) 
if it is a United States person, it is acquiring the Bearer Instruments for purposes of resale in connection 
with their original issuance, and, if it retains Bearer Instruments for its own account, it will do so in 
accordance with the requirements of the D Rules; 
(d) 
with respect to each affiliate or distributor that acquires Bearer Instruments from the offeror for the 
purpose of offering or selling such Bearer Instruments during the restricted period, the offeror either 
repeats and confirms the representations and agreements contained in sub-clauses (a), (b) and (c) above 
on such affiliate's or distributor's behalf or agrees that it will obtain from such affiliate or distributor 
for the benefit of the Issuer and the offeror the representations and agreements contained in such sub-
clauses; and 
(e) 
it has not entered into and agrees that it will not enter into any written contract (other than confirmation 
or other notice of the transaction) pursuant to which any other party to the contract (other than one of 
its affiliates or another offeror) has offered or sold, or during the restricted period will offer or sell, 
any Bearer Instruments except where pursuant to the contract the offeror has obtained or will obtain 
from that party, for the benefit of the Issuer and the offeror, the representations contained in, and that 
party's agreement to comply with, the provisions of sub-clauses (a), (b), (c) and (d). 
Terms used in the paragraphs above shall, unless the context otherwise requires, have the meanings given to 
them by the Code and the US Treasury Regulations thereunder, including the D Rules. 
To the extent that the Issue Terms relating to Bearer Instruments specify that the Securities are subject to US 
Treasury Regulation section 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (or any successor rules in substantially the same form that are 
applicable for purposes of section 4701 of the Code) (the "C Rules"), such Bearer Instruments must be issued 
and delivered outside the United States and its possessions in connection with their original issuance by an 
issuer that (directly or indirectly through its agents) does not significantly engage in interstate commerce with 
respect to the issuance. Each offeror named in a set of Issue Terms will be required to represent and agree that: 
(i) it has not offered, sold or delivered, and will not offer, sell or deliver, directly or indirectly, any such Bearer 
Instruments within the United States or its possessions within the United States or its possessions; (ii) it has 
not communicated, and will not communicate, directly or indirectly, with a prospective purchaser if either of 
them is within the United States or its possessions; and (iii) it will not otherwise involve its US office in the 
offer and sale of such Bearer Instruments. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by 
the Code and regulations thereunder, including the C Rules. 
Unless 'Not Applicable' is specified in respect of "US Tax Selling Restriction" in the applicable Issue Terms, 
Global Securities at Euroclear/Clearstream, Definitive Securities at Euroclear/Clearstream, and any Coupons 
and Talons attached thereto will contain a legend to the following effect: 
"Any United States Persons (as defined in the Internal Revenue Code of the United States) who holds this 
obligation will be subject to limitations under the United States income tax laws, including the limitations 
provided in sections 165(j) and 1287 (a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended." 
17.2 
US Securities Selling Restrictions 
The Securities have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 
"Securities Act"), or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United 
States, and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. 
persons (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act ("Regulation S")) ("U.S. persons"), except in 
certain transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act and applicable state 
securities laws. Trading in the Securities has not been approved by the US Commodities Futures Trading 
Commission under the US Commodity Exchange Act of 1936, as amended, and the rules and regulations

--- Page 409 ---
Purchase and Sale 
 
405 
 
promulgated thereunder. Terms used in this section (US Securities Selling Restrictions) shall, unless the 
context otherwise requires, have the meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
Each offeror named in the Issue Terms will be required to represent and agree that it has not offered and sold 
and will not offer or sell Securities (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 calendar 
days after the completion of the distribution of an identifiable tranche of which such Securities are part, as 
determined and certified to the Dealer(s) by such offeror (in the case of a non-syndicated issue) or the relevant 
offeror (in the case of a syndicated issue, who shall notify the managers when all managers participating in 
that syndicated issue have so certified in respect of the Securities purchased by or through it), within the United 
States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, and it will have sent to the offeror to which it sells 
Securities during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting out the restrictions 
on offers and sales of the Securities within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. 
Neither the offeror nor its affiliates, nor any persons acting on its or their behalf, have engaged or will engage 
in any directed selling efforts with respect to the Securities, and the offeror, its affiliates and all persons acting 
on its or their behalf have complied and will comply with any applicable offering restrictions requirement of 
Regulation S. 
In addition, until 40 calendar days after the completion of the distribution of an identifiable tranche of 
Securities, any offer or sale of Securities within the United States by any offeror (whether or not participating 
in the offering of such Securities) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
The Securities are being offered and sold outside the United States to non-U.S. persons in reliance on 
Regulation S.  
The Base Prospectus has been prepared by the Issuer for use in connection with the offer and sale of Securities 
outside the United States and for the listing of Securities on the relevant stock exchange. The Issuer and any 
offeror reserve the right to reject any offer to purchase the Securities, in whole or in part, for any reason. The 
Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to any person in the United States or to any U.S. person. 
Distribution of the Base Prospectus by or to any U.S. person within or outside the United States is unauthorised, 
and any disclosure without the prior written consent of the Issuer of any of its contents to any of such U.S. 
person or other person within the United States is prohibited. 
17.3 
US Retirement Plan Selling Restrictions 
The Securities may not be sold or transferred to, and each acquirer by its acquisition of Securities shall be 
deemed to have represented and covenanted that it is not acquiring and will not hold the Securities for or on 
behalf of, or with the assets of, and will not transfer Securities to, any employee benefit plan, as defined in 
section 3 of the US Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended ("ERISA"), that is subject 
to Title I of ERISA, any plan or arrangement that is subject to section 4975 of the Code, an entity or account 
the assets of which are considered plan assets of such a plan or arrangement, or a governmental, church or 
other plan subject to any law or regulation substantially similar to Title I of ERISA or section 4975 of the 
Code.

--- Page 410 ---
Important Additional Legal Information 
 
406 
 
IMPORTANT ADDITIONAL LEGAL INFORMATION 
 
1. 
Responsibility  
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and any Issue Terms. 
To the best of the knowledge of the Issuer, the information contained in this Base Prospectus and any Issue 
Terms is in accordance with the facts and contains no omission likely to affect its import. 
2. 
Public Offers and Consent 
2.1 
Public Offers 
Certain Securities may, subject as provided below, be subsequently resold, finally placed or otherwise offered 
by financial intermediaries in circumstances where there is no exemption from the requirement to publish a 
prospectus under the EU Prospectus Regulation. Any such resale, placement or offer is referred to in this Base 
Prospectus as a 'Public Offer'. Any person making or intending to make a Public Offer of Securities must do 
so only with the consent of the Issuer and subject to and in accordance with the relevant conditions to such 
consent – see 'Consent to the use of this Base Prospectus' below. 
Other than as set out immediately below, neither the Issuer nor any Dealer has authorised (nor do they 
authorise or consent to the use of this Base Prospectus (or Final Terms) in connection with) the making 
of any Public Offer of Securities by any person in any circumstances. Any such unauthorised offers are 
not made on behalf of the Issuer, any Dealer or Authorised Offerors (as defined below) and none of the 
Issuer, any Dealer or Authorised Offerors has any responsibility or liability for the actions of any person 
making such offers. Any Public Offer made without the consent of the Issuer is unauthorised and none 
of the Issuer or Authorised Offerors accepts any responsibility or liability for the actions of the persons 
making any such unauthorised offer. Any persons to whom an offer of any Securities is made should 
enquire whether a financial intermediary is an Authorised Offeror. 
2.2 
Consent to the use of this Base Prospectus 
In connection with a Public Offer of Securities as described in the Final Terms, the Issuer consents or (in the 
case of (ii) (General Consent)) offers to grant its consent to the use of this Base Prospectus (as supplemented 
from time to time) and Final Terms (and accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus (as supplemented from time to time) and Final Terms in relation to any person who purchases 
Securities in such Public Offer made by an Authorised Offeror) by or to (as applicable) each of the following 
financial intermediaries, in each case subject to compliance by such financial intermediary with the Conditions 
to Consent (as described below) (each, an "Authorised Offeror"):  
(a) 
Specific Consent: each financial intermediary which either: 
(i) 
is expressly named as an Initial Authorised Offeror in the Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
is expressly named as an Authorised Offeror on the website of the Issuer: (www.nbc.ca) (in 
which case, its name and address will be published on the website of the Issuer); and  
(b) 
General Consent: if Part C of the Final Terms specifies 'General Consent' as applicable, each financial 
intermediary which both: 
(i) 
is authorised to make such offers under Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); and 
(ii) 
if such confirmation is requested by the Issuer or the relevant Dealer, accepts the offer by the 
Issuer by publishing on its website the following statement (with the information in square 
brackets duly completed with the relevant information) (the "Acceptance Statement"):

--- Page 411 ---
Important Additional Legal Information 
 
407 
 
'We, [specify name of financial intermediary], refer to the offer of [specify title of Securities] (the 
"Securities") described in the Final Terms dated [specify date] (the "Final Terms") published by 
National Bank of Canada acting through its Montréal Branch (the "Issuer"). In consideration of the 
Issuer offering to grant its consent to our use of the Base Prospectus (as defined in the Final Terms) in 
connection with the Public Offer of the Securities in the Public Offer Jurisdiction(s) during the Offer 
Period and subject to and in accordance with the conditions set out in the Final Terms and Base 
Prospectus, we accept the offer by the Issuer. We confirm that we are authorised under MiFID to make, 
and are using the Base Prospectus in connection with, the Public Offer accordingly. Terms used herein 
and otherwise not defined shall have the same meaning as given to such terms in the Base Prospectus 
and Final Terms.'  
The consent of the Issuer referred to in (i) and (ii) above is subject to compliance by the relevant financial 
intermediary with the following conditions (the "Conditions to Consent"):  
(a) 
Public Offer Jurisdiction(s): the Public Offer is only made in those jurisdictions as specified in the 
Final Terms (the "Public Offer Jurisdiction(s)"); Offer Period: the Public Offer is only made during 
the offer period specified in the Final Terms (the "Offer Period"); and 
(b) 
Other: each of the other conditions (if any) provided in the Final Terms.  
The consent referred to above relates to Offer Periods occurring within twelve (12) months from the date of 
this Base Prospectus.  
The Issuer may give consent to one or more additional Authorised Offerors in respect of a Public Offer after 
the date of the Final Terms, discontinue or change the Offer Period, and/or remove or add conditions to consent 
and, if it does so, such information will be published at: www.nbc.ca and by way of notice which will be 
available on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange website (www.luxse.com). Any new information with respect 
to Authorised Offerors unknown at the time of the approval of this Base Prospectus or the filing of the Final 
Terms will be published and can be found at: www.nbc.ca. 
Neither the Issuer nor the relevant Dealer has any responsibility for any of the actions of any Authorised 
Offeror, including their compliance with applicable conduct of business rules or other local regulatory 
requirements or other securities law requirements in relation to an offer. 
Any offer or sale of Securities to an investor by an Authorised Offeror will be made in accordance with 
any terms and other arrangements in place between such Authorised Offeror and such investor, 
including as to price, allocations and settlement arrangements. It will be the responsibility of the 
applicable financial intermediary at the time of such offer to provide the investor with that information 
and neither the Issuer nor the relevant Dealer or other Authorised Offeror has any responsibility or 
liability for such information. 
Any Authorised Offeror falling within (ii) (General Consent) above using this Base Prospectus in 
connection with a Public Offer is required, for the duration of the relevant Offer Period, to publish on 
its website the Acceptance Statement. 
3. 
Approval and passporting of the Base Prospectus 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the 
"CSSF"), as competent authority under the EU Prospectus Regulation. The CSSF only approves this Base 
Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the EU 
Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or the quality 
of the Securities that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as 
to the suitability of investing in the Securities. Such approval relates only to Securities which are to be offered 
to the public in any Member State of the European Economic Area. 
On the approval of this Base Prospectus as a base prospectus for the purpose of Article 8(1) of the EU 
Prospectus Regulation by the CSSF, notification of such approval (passporting) has been made to the

--- Page 412 ---
Important Additional Legal Information 
 
408 
 
competent authority of France, Spain, Ireland, Sweden, and Portugal and the Issuer may request that the CSSF 
make further notifications to additional competent authorities on or after the date hereof. 
An electronic copy of this Base Prospectus will be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (www.luxse.com). 
Aspects relating to specific customer goals and needs, such as an environmental, social or sustainable 
investment 
With respect to Securities issued with environmental, social or sustainable objectives, such as an 
environmental, social or sustainable investment or considerations of principal adverse impacts on sustainability 
factors, no guarantee or representation can be made that these objectives are appropriate for an investor's 
objectives, needs or investment criteria and its preferences. The target market defined by the Issuer as the 
manufacturer of the Security may provide for certain Securities to meet specific client needs, characteristics 
and objectives, such as "sustainable", "ecological", "ESG" (Environmental, Social and Governance) related 
objectives which, in the case of an "environmental" or "green" or "sustainable" investment, may also be capable 
of making a significant contribution to a particular environmental objective for a particular economic activity 
("ESG Contribution"). Investors should take into account the information contained in the relevant target 
market about the specific objectives of a Security, and should determine themselves the relevance of such 
information for the purposes of investing in such Securities, as well as undertake any other investigation that 
the investor deems necessary. In particular, the Issuer gives no assurance that the identification of client needs, 
characteristics and objectives will fully or partially satisfy an investors' current or future preference or 
requirements for investment criteria or policies that the investor or its investments must comply with, whether 
as a result of current or future laws or regulations or its own statutes or other regulations or mandates, 
particularly in relation to direct or indirect environmental, sustainability or social impacts of projects or uses 
that are the subject of or form part of an ESG Contribution. 
Furthermore, it should be noted that there is currently no clearly defined term (legal, regulatory or otherwise) 
of, nor market consensus as to what constitutes, a "green", "sustainable", "social" or an equivalently-labelled 
objective or as to what precise attributes are required for a particular objective to be defined as "green", 
"social", "sustainable" or such other equivalent label. The area of sustainable finance is and continues to be, 
the subject of many and wide-ranging voluntary and regulatory initiatives to develop rules, guidelines, 
standards, taxonomies and objectives, for example in respect of environmental sustainable investments the EU 
Taxonomy and the EU Green Bond Standard. Even if any voluntary standard or a regulatory framework 
standardises the terms "green", "social" or "sustainable", these standards do not necessarily apply to the 
Securities and the Issuer does not necessarily plan to seek compliance for any of the Securities with all or some 
of such rules, guidelines, standards, taxonomies or objectives. Accordingly, there can be no assurance to 
investors that objectives or uses that are the subject of, or related to, an ESG Contribution will meet investors' 
preferences of such "green", "sustainable", "environmental", "ESG" or other similarly labelled objectives, or 
that there will be no negative environmental, social and/or other impacts during the life of a particular Security, 
the conduct of an economic activity or the use of the subject of an ESG Contribution, or in connection 
therewith.  
No guarantee or representation is given in connection with the suitability or admissibility for any purpose of 
any classification or certification by a third party (whether or not requested by the Issuer) that may be provided 
in connection with the issue of Securities and in particular with an ESG Contribution to the fulfilment of 
environmental, sustainability, social and/or other criteria. For the avoidance of doubt, such classification or 
certification shall not be included in and/or form part of the Base Prospectus. Such classification or certification 
does not constitute, and should not be construed as a recommendation by the Issuer or any other person to buy, 
sell or hold such Securities. Any such classification or certification is only valid at the time of the first issuance 
of the opinion. Investors must determine for themselves whether such classification or certification and/or the 
information contained therein and/or the provider of such classification or certification is relevant for the 
purposes of investing in such Securities. Currently, providers of such classifications and certifications are not 
subject to any specific regulatory or other system or supervision. See section "Sustainable Securities" below 
for information on the Issuer's Framework.

--- Page 413 ---
Important Additional Legal Information 
 
409 
 
4. 
Type of Securities 
The Securities have redemption terms that are linked to one or more Underlyings and will be 'derivative 
securities' for the purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation (and, as such, specific items of information will 
be included in this Base Prospectus that may not be included for Securities that are not 'derivative securities'). 
No equity securities falling under Article 19 (Securities that are exchangeable for or convertible into shares) 
of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 will be issued under this Base Prospectus. 
No Securities issued under this Base Prospectus are securities linked to any index composed by the Issuer or 
any legal entity belonging to the Issuer's group. 
5. 
Hyper-links to websites 
For the avoidance of doubt, the content of any website to which a hyperlink is provided shall not form part of 
this Base Prospectus. The information on any of the websites to which a hyperlink is provided has not been 
scrutinised or approved by the CSSF in its role as competent authority.  
6. 
Post-issuance Information 
The Issuer does not intend to provide any post-issuance information in relation to any of the Securities or the 
performance of any Underlying or any other underlying relating to Securities, except if required by any 
applicable laws and regulations. 
7. 
No investment advice 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Issue Terms is or purports to be investment advice. Unless expressly 
agreed otherwise with a particular Investor, none of the Issuer or any Dealer is acting as an investment adviser, 
providing advice of any other nature, or assuming any fiduciary obligation to any Investor in the Securities.  
8. 
Independent evaluation 
Nothing in this Base Prospectus is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation (except in 
respect of any purchase of the Securities described herein) or should be considered as a recommendation by 
the Issuer or any Dealer that any recipient of this Base Prospectus (or any document referred to herein) should 
purchase any Securities.  
Investors should not purchase any Securities unless they understand the extent of their exposure to potential 
loss. Investors are urged to read the risk factors described in the section of this Base Prospectus entitled "Risk 
Factors", together with the other information in this Base Prospectus (including any information incorporated 
by reference), as supplemented from time to time, and the Issue Terms, before investing in the Securities. 
Investors should note that the risks described in the section in this Base Prospectus entitled "Risk Factors" are 
not the only risks that the Issuer faces or that may arise because of the nature of the Securities. The Issuer has 
described only those risks relating to its operations and to the Securities that the Issuer considers to be material. 
There may be additional risks that the Issuer currently considers not to be material or of which it is not currently 
aware.  
Given the nature, complexity and risks inherent in the Securities (and investments relating to the type of 
Underlying(s)), the Securities may not be suitable for investors' investment objectives in light of their financial 
position. Investors should consider seeking independent advice to assist them in determining whether the 
Securities are a suitable investment for them and to assist them in evaluating the information contained or 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or set out in the Issue Terms.

--- Page 414 ---
Sustainable Securities 
 
410 
 
SUSTAINABLE SECURITIES 
If specified in the applicable Issue Terms for a particular issuance of Securities, the proceeds of such issue of 
the Securities will be used for the financing and/or refinancing, in whole or in part, of future or existing green 
and/or social eligible businesses and green and/or social eligible projects, including the Bank's own operations, 
that fall within the Eligible Categories (as defined below) in accordance with the Issuer's self-binding National 
Bank of Canada Sustainability Bond Framework 2022 (as may be amended and updated from time to time) 
available on the following webpage: https://www.nbc.ca/content/dam/bnc/a-propos-de-nous/relations-
investisseurs/fonds-propres-et-dette/2022/na-sustainability-bond-framework-2022.pdf (the "Framework" 
and such Securities "Sustainable Securities").  
The Framework has been prepared in alignment with the International Capital Market Association's (ICMA) 
Sustainability Bond Guidelines (SBG) published in June 2021, applying both the ICMA Green Bond Principles 
(GBP) and the ICMA Social Bond Principles (SBP) (together the "Principles" for sustainability bonds 
intended to finance or re-finance a combination of both green and social Eligible Categories. The Principles 
are a collection of voluntary frameworks with the stated mission and vision of promoting the role that global 
debt capital markets can play in financing progress towards environmental and social sustainability and outline 
best practices when issuing Sustainable Securities.  
ICMA Sustainability Bond Guidelines (SBG) confirm the relevance of the Principles in the context of 
Sustainable Securities. The common four core components of the GBP and SBP (i.e. Use of Proceeds, Process 
for Project Evaluation and Selection, Management of Proceeds and Reporting) and the use of external reviews 
therefore also apply to Sustainability Securities and the Framework. 
The Framework addresses these four core components of the Principles for the issuance of Sustainable 
Securities and its recommendations on the use of external reviews and reporting: 
• 
Use of Proceeds 
• 
Project Selection and Evaluation Process 
• 
Management of Proceeds 
• 
Reporting 
Under the Framework, the Issuer may also decide to issue Sustainable Securities as "green bonds" or "social 
bonds" only, i.e. then only based on the GBP or SBP, as specified in the Issue Terms. Sustainable Securities 
that apply both the GBP and SBP will be specified in the Final Terms as "sustainability bonds". 
"Eligible Categories" under the Framework will consist of the following categories (all as more fully 
described in the Framework as modified and updated from time to time). 
A project labelled "green", "social" or "sustainable" may contain one or more of the associated Eligible 
Categories. 
Sustainable 
Labelled project(s) 
Eligible Categories 
 
 
Green 
Renewable Energy 
Energy Efficiency 
Pollution Prevention and Control 
Sustainable Water and Wastewater Management 
Sustainable Buildings 
Low-Carbon Transportation 
 
 
 
Social 
Affordable Housing 
Access to Basic and Essential Services 
Loans to Small and Medium-sized Enterprises ("SMEs") 
Where a business derives 90 per cent. or more of its revenues from activities in Eligible Categories, it will be

--- Page 415 ---
Sustainable Securities 
 
411 
 
considered as eligible for an allocation of the proceeds of Sustainable Securities. In such instances, the use of 
proceeds can be used by the business for general purposes, so long as this financing does not fund expansion 
into activities that are excluded from the Eligible Categories. 
The proceeds of Sustainable Securities will not be knowingly allocated to any business or project where most 
of its activities are covered by one or more of the following sectors: weapons, gambling, pornography, 
predatory lending and tobacco. For loans to SMEs, additional exclusions may apply in accordance with the 
Bank's Social Economic Loan Selection Methodology, which will be available on the Bank's website prior to 
the first issuance of Sustainable Securities related to this Eligible Category. 
The Bank shall select eligible businesses and eligible projects that fall within the Eligible Categories in 
accordance with the Framework, with evaluation and review conducted by the Bank's ESG programme officers 
and sustainability bond committee (as described in more detail in the Framework). 
The proceeds of the Bank's Sustainable Securities will be deposited in the general funding accounts of the 
Bank. An amount equal to the proceeds will be earmarked for allocation in the sustainability bond register (the 
"Sustainability Bond Register) (which the Bank has established as an internal register in relation to 
Sustainable Securities issued by the Bank for the purpose of recording the eligible businesses and eligible 
projects and allocation of the proceeds from Sustainable Securities to such eligible businesses and eligible 
projects) in accordance with the Framework. 
The Bank intends to maintain an aggregate amount of assets relating to eligible businesses and eligible projects 
that is at least equal to the aggregate proceeds of all Sustainable Securities that are outstanding from time to 
time. The Bank aims to fully allocate or re-allocate proceeds from the issuance of Sustainable Securities within 
a period of eighteen (18) months. 
Until an amount equal to the proceeds of Sustainable Securities has been fully allocated, such proceeds may 
be invested according to the Bank's normal liquidity management activities. 
Since the first issuance of Sustainable Securities, the Bank has published, and has committed to publish, a 
sustainability 
bond 
report 
(the 
"Sustainability 
Bond 
Report) 
on 
its 
website, 
https://www.nbc.ca/content/dam/bnc/a-propos-de-nous/relations-investisseurs/fonds-propres-et-
dette/2024/na-sustainability-bond-report-2023.pdf. The Sustainability Bond Report will be updated every year 
until complete allocation of the proceeds from the relevant Sustainable Securities, and thereafter, as necessary 
in case of new developments.  
The Sustainability Bond Report contains at least the following: 
(a) 
Confirmation that the use of proceeds of the relevant Sustainable Securities complies with the 
Framework  
(b) 
The amount of proceeds allocated to each Eligible Category  
(c) 
One or more examples of eligible businesses and projects financed, in whole or in part, by the proceeds 
obtained from the relevant Sustainable Securities, including their general details (brief description, 
location, stage — construction or operation)  
(d) 
The balance of unallocated proceeds  
(e) 
Impact reporting items as described in the potential indicators table of the Framework. 
Where feasible, the Sustainability Bond Report will include qualitative and (if reasonably practicable) 
quantitative environmental and social performance indicators. Performance indicators may change from year 
to year.

--- Page 416 ---
Sustainable Securities 
 
412 
 
Pursuant to the Framework, a second party opinion has been obtained from Moody’s Investors Service. The 
second party opinion is available on: https://www.nbc.ca/content/dam/bnc/a-propos-de-nous/relations-
investisseurs/fonds-propres-et-dette/2022/na-sustainability-bond-second-party-opinion-moodys-2022.pdf, 
and may be updated from time to time (the "Second Party Opinion"), along with the Framework. 
The Second Party Opinion states, among other things, that: 
(a) 
the Framework is aligned with the four core components of the ICMA Green Bond Principles (2021) 
and Social Bond Principles (2021) and demonstrates a significant contribution to sustainability; 
(b) 
the Eligible Categories are likely to contribute to eleven of the United Nations’ Sustainable 
Development Goals; 
(c) 
there are clearly defined and relevant environmental and social objectives associated with all Eligible 
Categories; and 
(d) 
the Issuer has provided information that demonstrates suitable measures to identify, select and allocate 
net proceeds to pure-play companies that adhere to the sustainability objectives and benefits targeted 
in the Framework, and also to track and report on the associated sustainability benefits. 
For issuances covered by the Framework, the Bank will request, on an annual basis, a limited assurance report 
of the proceeds of such Sustainable Securities earmarked for the eligible businesses and eligible projects. In 
the unlikely event that the annual review identifies projects or businesses that do not comply with the 
Framework, such projects or businesses will be removed from the Sustainability Bond Register and replaced 
with eligible projects or eligible businesses, or these amounts will be invested in liquid instruments for future 
allocation. 
None of the Framework, the Sustainability Bond Report, the Second Party Opinion or any linked assurance 
report are incorporated by reference herein and accordingly do not form part of this Base Prospectus. Any 
websites included or referred to in this Base Prospectus are for information purposes only and do not form part 
of this Base Prospectus.  
Investors should note that the Framework is a voluntary internal guideline that is not currently subject to any 
legal requirements and has not been or will not be reviewed or approved by a regulatory authority. The 
Framework can be updated at any time if necessary. Moreover, investors should note that due to the voluntary 
nature of the Framework a reason for a termination of the Sustainable Securities does not arise for each of the 
creditor and the Issuer if, for example, 
(a) 
the amounts equivalent to the net proceeds from the issue of the Sustainable Securities are not invested 
in whole or in part within a certain period in Eligible Categories, 
(b) 
there is a mismatch between the duration of the financings for each Eligible Category and the maturity 
of the relevant Sustainable Securities, 
(c) 
the Eligible Categories do not perform as expected, 
(d) 
a report pursuant to the Framework has not been published or has been published with delay, or 
(e) 
a second party opinion by an external reviewer has not been obtained or has been subsequently 
withdrawn or discontinued. 
At EU level, the EU Green Bond Standard was introduced at the end of 2023 as part of the EU Green Bond 
Regulation. Based on this regulation, issuers can voluntarily establish a framework for the issuance of EU 
Green Bonds. The Framework of National Bank of Canada follows the ICMA Green Bond Principles (2021) 
and therefore Green Bonds of National Bank of Canada are to be distinguished from future EU Green Bonds 
and therefore do not comply with the EU Green Bond Regulation. It is not excluded that elements of the ICMA 
Green Bond Principles (2021) will be aligned with the statutory standardisation in the future.

--- Page 417 ---
Sustainable Securities 
 
413 
 
Investors should note that the classification of sustainable securities with regard to sustainability criteria to be 
applied are still at an early stage. The Framework will accordingly be further developed and may be subject to 
future changes. Therefore, Investors should take into account that any sustainability classification of their 
Securities and any "green", "sustainable" or "social" projects or businesses may subsequently change due to 
material changes in the sustainability criteria or formal changes in the context of new regulatory developments. 
There is no direct contractual link between any Sustainable Bonds and any green, social or sustainability targets 
of the Bank. Therefore, payment of principal and interest and rights of acceleration under such Sustainable 
Bonds will not depend on sustainability performance.

--- Page 418 ---
General Information 
 
414 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
 
1. 
Authorisation  
An internal general resolution on the issue of Securities under the Programme was passed by the Issuer on 27 
May 2024. 
The Issuer has obtained all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in connection with establishing 
this Programme and will obtain all such consents, approvals and authorisations in connection with the issue 
and performance of each Security issued pursuant to this Programme. 
2. 
Reasons for the issue / Use of proceeds 
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the net proceeds from each issue of any Securities will 
be added to the general funds of the Bank or any of its affiliates to be used for general corporate purposes of 
the Bank or any of its affiliates. If, in relation to any particular issue of Securities there is a particular identified 
use of proceeds, this will be stated in the applicable Issue Terms. 
In addition, it is expected that the Bank or any of its affiliates may use a portion of the net proceeds to hedge 
the obligations under the Securities. The Bank or any of its affiliates may close out our or their hedge on or 
before the Redemption Date. 
Refer to the "Sustainable Securities" section of this Base Prospectus on information with respect to the issuance 
of Sustainable Securities under this Base Prospectus. 
3. 
Documents Available 
For as long as this Base Prospectus remains in effect or any Securities remain outstanding, copies of the 
following documents will, when available, be made available during usual business hours on a weekday 
(Saturdays, Sundays and public holidays excepted) for inspection and, in the case of (a), (b), (c), and (h) below, 
shall be available for collection free of charge at the registered office of each Paying Agent: 
(a) 
the constitutional documents of the Issuer, which are also available at https://www.nbc.ca/about-
us/governance/policies-codes-commitments.html (the information on such website does not form part 
of the prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the CSSF);  
(b) 
the documents set out in the "Information Incorporated by Reference" section of this Base Prospectus, 
which 
are 
also 
available 
at 
https://www.nbc.ca/en/about-us/investors.html 
and 
https://www.nbc.ca/en/about-us/investors/investor-relations/quarterly-results.html; 
(c) 
all future annual reports and interim financial statements of the Issuer;  
(d) 
the Agency Agreement, as amended from time to time; 
(e) 
the French Agency Agreement; 
(f) 
the Deed of Covenant, as amended from time to time; 
(g) 
the current Base Prospectus in respect of the Programme and any future supplements thereto, each of 
which will also be available at https://nbcstructuredsolutions.ca/european-notes/; 
(h) 
any Final Terms or Pricing Supplements issued in respect of Securities admitted to listing, trading 
and/or quotation by any listing authority, stock exchange, and/or quotation system since the most 
recent base prospectus was published; 
(i) 
any other future documents and/or announcements issued by the Issuer.

--- Page 419 ---
General Information 
 
415 
 
The Issue Terms, in respect of any Series, shall also be available at the registered office of the Paying Agent. 
For the 12 months following the date of this Base Prospectus and so long as any Senior Notes remain 
outstanding the Framework and the Second Party Opinion will be available at the following websites: 
(a) 
the 
Framework: 
(https://www.nbc.ca/content/dam/bnc/a-propos-de-nous/relations-
investisseurs/fonds-propres-et-dette/2022/na-sustainability-bond-framework-2022.pdf); and 
(b) 
the 
Second 
Party 
Opinion: 
(https://www.nbc.ca/content/dam/bnc/a-propos-de-nous/relations-
investisseurs/fonds-propres-et-dette/2022/na-sustainability-bond-second-party-opinion-moodys-
2022.pdf). 
The Sustainability Bond Report will be available on the Issuer's website.  
The Framework, the Second Party Opinion and the Sustainability Bond Report do not form part of, and shall 
not be incorporated by reference in, this Base Prospectus. 
4. 
Listing and Admission to Trading 
Applications may be made for the listing of Securities on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
and admission to trading of Securities on the Regulated Market or the Euro MTF market of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange and/or any other exchange or multilateral trading facility specified in the Issue Terms. 
5. 
Publication on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
With respect to any issue of the Securities admitted to the Official List and traded on the Regulated Market of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, this Base Prospectus, each supplement hereto, any information incorporated 
by reference herein and the relevant Final Terms will be published on and available electronically from the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange's website (www.luxse.com) free of charge during the life of this Base 
Prospectus. For so long as any Securities are listed on any other stock exchange or listing authority, such 
documents shall be published in accordance with the rules of such stock exchange or listing authority. 
Investors have sole responsibility for the management of their tax and legal affairs including making any 
applicable filings and payments and complying with any applicable laws and regulations. None of the Issuer, 
any Dealer, any Agent or any of their respective affiliates will provide investors with tax or legal advice and 
investors should obtain their own independent tax and legal advice tailored to their individual circumstances. 
The tax treatment of securities, such as the Securities, can be complex and the tax treatment applied to an 
individual depends on their circumstances. The level and basis of taxation may change during the term of any 
Security.  
Amounts due to be paid to Investors are described on a gross basis, i.e., without calculating any tax liability. 
The Issuer shall make no deduction for any tax, duty, or other charge unless required by law. 
6. 
Credit Rating Agencies 
The rating of certain Securities to be issued under the Programme may be specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or, in the case of Exempt Securities, the applicable Pricing Supplement.  
Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to a relevant Series of Securities will be issued by a 
credit rating agency established in the EEA or the UK and registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009, 
as amended or, in relation to the UK, such regulation as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of 
the EUWA (the "UK CRA Regulation") (and together with the EU CRA Regulation, the "CRA Regulations") 
and the status of the relevant rating agency under the relevant CRA Regulation will be disclosed in the Final 
Terms or (in the case of Exempt Securities) the applicable Pricing Supplement.  
In general, EEA and UK regulated investors are restricted under the CRA Regulations from using credit ratings 
for regulatory purposes, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA or the

--- Page 420 ---
General Information 
 
416 
 
UK (as applicable) and registered under the relevant CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been 
withdrawn or suspended). Such general restriction will also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by non-
EEA or non-UK credit rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are endorsed by an EEA or a UK 
registered credit rating agency (as applicable) or the relevant non-EEA or non-UK credit rating agency is 
certified in accordance with the relevant CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or certification, as the 
case may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended). Certain information with respect to the credit rating 
agencies and ratings will be disclosed in the Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Securities) the applicable 
Pricing Supplement.

--- Page 421 ---
Information incorporated by Reference 
 
417 
 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with information specified in the cross 
reference list below contained in the following documents incorporated by reference, each of which has been 
previously published and filed with the CSSF and the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, and is deemed to be 
incorporated by reference herein, and form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
a) 
the Issuer's Annual Report for the financial year ended 31 October 2023, which includes the Issuer's 
comparative consolidated financial statements for the years ended 31 October 2023 and 2022 prepared in 
accordance with IFRS, together with the Independent Auditor's Report thereon dated 30 November 2023 
(the "2023 Annual Report") (available at: https://www.nbc.ca/content/dam/bnc/a-propos-de-
nous/relations-investisseurs/assemblee-annuelle/2024/na-annual-report-2023.pdf); 
b) 
the Issuer's Annual Information Form dated 30 November 2023, excluding all information incorporated 
therein 
by 
reference 
(the 
"2023 
Annual 
Information 
Form") 
(available 
at: 
https://www.nbc.ca/content/dam/bnc/a-propos-de-nous/relations-investisseurs/assemblee-
annuelle/2024/nbc-aif-agm-2024.pdf);  
c) 
the Issuer's Second Quarter Report to Shareholders for the quarter ended 30 April 2024, which includes the 
unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements for the three- and six-month periods ended 
30 April 2023 and 30 April 2024 (the "2024 Second Quarter Report") (available at: 
https://www.nbc.ca/content/dam/bnc/a-propos-de-nous/relations-investisseurs/resultats-
trimestriels/2024/report-shareholder-q2-2024.pdf)"; 
d) 
the section entitled Terms and Conditions of the Securities set out in the Issuer's base prospectus dated 5 
July 
2023 
(the 
"2023 
Base 
Prospectus") 
at 
pages 
78 
to 
186 
(available 
at: 
https://nbcstructuredsolutions.ca/european-
notes/docs/National%20Bank%20of%20Canada%20Structured%20Programme%20-
%20Base%20Prospectus_Final_20230705.pdf), relating to the Programme (for the avoidance of doubt, the 
applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Securities, the applicable Pricing Supplement for a 
Tranche of Securities will indicate the Terms and Conditions applicable to such Tranche and unless 
otherwise indicated in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Securities, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, the Terms and Conditions of all Securities issued after the date hereof shall be those set out in 
this Base Prospectus). 
Deloitte LLP is the independent auditor of the Bank and expressed an unmodified opinion on the Bank's 
consolidated financial statements as at 31 October 2023 and 2022, which were prepared in accordance with 
International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board. 
Deloitte LLP is a member of the Ordre des comptables professionnels agréés du Québec and is on the 
Register of Third Country Auditors maintained by the CSSF in accordance with the European Commission 
Decision of 29 January 2011 (Decision 2011/30/EU).  
The following table indicates where certain required information may be found in the above-mentioned 
information incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 422 ---
Information incorporated by Reference 
 
418 
 
Information 
Page 
Reference 
2023 Annual Report 
 
Audited Consolidated Financial Statements 
129 to 231 
Independent Auditor's Report 
131 to 133 
Consolidated Balance Sheets 
134 
Consolidated Statements of Income 
135 
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
136 to 137 
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity 
138 
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
139 
Notes to the Audited Consolidated Financial Statements 
140 to 231 
 
 
2023 Annual Information Form 
 
Explanation of Credit Ratings 
23 to 25 
 
 
2024 Second Quarter Report 
 
Unaudited Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
51 to 87 
Consolidated Balance Sheets 
52 
Consolidated Statements of Income 
53 
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
54 to 55 
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity 
56 
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
57 
Notes to the Unaudited Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
58 to 87 
 
 
2023 Base Prospectus 
 
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
78 to 186 
Any non-incorporated parts of a document referred to in this section "Information Incorporated by Reference" 
(which means any parts not listed in the cross-reference list above) are either deemed not relevant to investors 
or otherwise covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. Any documents which are themselves incorporated 
by reference in the information incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus shall not form part of this 
Base Prospectus. Such documents are either not relevant to investors or the information they contain is 
covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
Copies of documents from which information are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus and any 
supplement hereto approved by the CSSF can be reviewed on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange

--- Page 423 ---
Information incorporated by Reference 
 
419 
 
at www.luxse.com and may be obtained from the head office of the Issuer and the specified offices of the 
each Paying Agent and Listing Agent, as set out at the end of this Base Prospectus. In addition, CDS Inc., a 
subsidiary of the Canadian Depository for Securities Limited, maintains an Internet web site through which 
all of the documents incorporated herein by reference, or deemed incorporated herein, that the Issuer files 
electronically in accordance with Canadian and provincial securities laws can be retrieved. The address of 
the site is www.sedarplus.ca. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the content of any website to which a hyperlink is provided shall not form part 
of this Base Prospectus. The information on any of the websites to which a hyperlink is provided has not 
been scrutinised or approved by the CSSF in its role as competent authority.

--- Page 424 ---
Index of Defined Terms
 
420 
 
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS 
€STR .......................................... 68, 104, 151, 152 
€STR Index Cessation Effective Date ............. 334 
€STR Index Cessation Event ........................... 334 
€STR Observation Period ................................ 152 
€STR Reference Rate .............................. 151, 152 
€STRi-pTBD ........................................................ 153 
2006/2021 ISDA Definitions ........................... 104 
2014 Definitions .............................................. 248 
2023 Annual Information Form ......................... 417 
2023 Annual Report .......................................... 417 
2023 Base Prospectus ....................................... 417 
2024 Second Quarter Report ............................. 417 
30/360 ...................................................... 161, 182 
30E/360 ................................................... 162, 183 
30E/360 (ISDA)....................................... 162, 183 
360/360 .................................................... 161, 182 
871(m) Withholding ........................................ 124 
A .............................................................. 210, 240 
Absolute Final Performance of the Underlying172 
Accelerated or Matured ................................... 206 
Acceptance Statement ..................................... 406 
Account Holder ............................................... 118 
Act ................................................................... 390 
Actual/360 ............................................... 161, 182 
Actual/365 (Fixed) ................................... 161, 182 
Actual/365 (Sterling) ............................... 161, 182 
Actual/365" or "Actual/Actual (ISDA) ... 161, 182 
Actual/Actual (ICMA) ............................. 163, 184 
Additional Business Centre .....................137, 206 
Adjustable Terms257, 265, 272, 283, 291, 306, 
314, 319, 322 
Adjustment ...................................................... 303 
Adjustment Amount........................................ 245 
Adjustment Spread.......................................... 327 
Administrator/Benchmark Event .................... 338 
Affected Basket Component ............ 256, 264, 271 
Affected Commodity ...............................288, 289 
Affected Commodity Index ............................ 288 
Affected Commodity Reference Price ............ 289 
Affected Currency .......................................... 280 
Affected Entity ............................................... 197 
Affected ETF Share ........................................ 270 
Affected Fund ................................................. 303 
Affected Fund Index ....................................... 305 
Affected Fund Index Component ................... 304 
Affected Future ............................................... 317 
Affected Future ............................................... 318 
Affected Future Reference Price..................... 318 
Affected Index ................................................ 263 
Affected Index Component ............................. 289 
Affected Reference Entity .............................. 244 
Affected Reference Entity/ies ......................... 186 
Affected Share ................................................ 254 
Affiliate ........................................................... 206 
Agency Agreement ......................................... 115 
Aggregate Credit Unwind Costs ..................... 206

--- Page 425 ---
Index of Defined Terms
 
421 
 
Aggregate Incurred Recovery Amount ............ 241 
Aggregate Notional Amount ........................... 116 
Aggregate Recovery Amount .......................... 242 
Alternative Rate ............................................... 328 
Amortisation Payment Date............................. 178 
Amortisation Rate ............................................ 178 
Amortised Face Amount .................................. 165 
Amortising Feature ............................................ 92 
Applicable CMS Formula ........................ 104, 144 
Applicable Determination Date ............... 146, 156 
Applicable Period or Date ....................... 146, 156 
Approved Intermediary ................................... 108 
Asset ................................................................ 206 
Asset Market Value ......................................... 206 
Asset Package .................................................. 206 
Asset Package Credit Event ............................. 207 
Assignable Loan .............................................. 207 
Attachment Point ............................................. 242 
Auction .................................................... 241, 244 
Auction Cancellation Date ...................... 239, 241 
Auction Covered Transaction .......................... 239 
Auction Currency Rate .................................... 244 
Auction Date .................................................... 244 
Auction Final Price .......................................... 239 
Auction Final Price Determination Date ......... 239 
Auction Methodology ...................................... 244 
Auction Settlement Amount ............................ 240 
Auction Settlement Amount Notice ................ 240 
Auction Settlement Date .................................. 240 
AUM Level ...................................................... 306 
Authorised Offeror.......................................... 406 
Authorised Offeror(s) ..................................... 386 
Automatic Early Redemption Level ............... 166 
Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Dates166 
Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Period
 ........................................................................ 166 
Averaging Rate ............................................... 223 
B...............................................................210, 240 
Bail-in Conversion ...................................105, 119 
Bail-in Regime ................................................ 119 
Bail-inable Securities ...................................... 119 
Bank ................................................................ 115 
Bank Act ........................................................... 77 
Bank Rate ....................................................... 324 
Bankruptcy ...................................................... 207 
Barrier Event ................................................... 170 
Barrier Level ................................................... 170 
Barrier Observation Period ............................. 170 
Barrier Securities Downside Feature ................ 92 
Barrier Type .................................................... 170 
Barrier1 ............................................................ 139 
Barrier2 ............................................................ 139 
Base Currency ................................................. 283 
Base Currency/Cross Currency Price ............. 283 
Base Level ...................................................... 314 
Base Prospectus .................................................. 1 
Basket Component257, 265, 272, 291, 306, 319, 
322 
Basket Constituents ........................................ 103 
Basket Credit Linked Notes ............................ 208 
Basket of Commodities................................... 291

--- Page 426 ---
Index of Defined Terms
 
422 
 
Basket Trigger Event ....................................... 306 
Basket Trigger Level ....................................... 306 
Bearer Instruments ........................................... 403 
Bearer Securities .............................................. 117 
Belgian Consumer ........................................... 400 
Benchmark ............................................... 330, 338 
Benchmark Amendments ................................ 326 
Benchmark Event ............................................ 328 
Benchmark Modification or Cessation Event .. 338 
Benchmark Replacement ................................. 330 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment ............. 330 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes
 ......................................................................... 331 
Benchmark Replacement Date ........................ 331 
Benchmark Transition Event ........................... 331 
Benchmarks Regulation ............................. 67, 105 
Bestinitial ............................................................ 172 
Bestt ................................................................. 172 
Blended Coupon Payment Date ....................... 160 
BMR ................................................................ 338 
Bond ........................................................ 192, 208 
Bond Basis ............................................... 161, 182 
Bond or Loan ................................................... 208 
Bonus Coupon Day Count Fraction................. 208 
Bonus Coupon Determination Date ................. 208 
Bonus Coupon Implicit Portfolio Size ............. 208 
Bonus Coupon Payment Date(s)...................... 208 
Bonus Coupon Writedown Rate ...................... 208 
Borrowed Money ............................................. 208 
Bridge Bank Order ............................................ 43 
BRRD ................................................................ 10 
Buffer Securities Downside Feature ................. 92 
Buffer Threshold Value .................................. 170 
business day .................................................... 126 
Business Day ................................... 126, 137, 208 
Business Day Convention ............................... 181 
Buyer Credit Derivatives Transactions ........... 239 
C...............................................................210, 240 
C Rules ........................................................... 404 
Calculation Agent ......................................90, 137 
Calculation Agent(s) ....................................... 115 
Calculation Method ........................................ 157 
Calculation Period ...................................161, 182 
Call Payment ................................................... 166 
Call Payment Dates......................................... 166 
Call, Securityholders Optional Early Redemption 
and Knock-in Feature ..................................... 137 
Cap ................................................... 145, 160, 178 
Cap (i) ............................................................. 145 
Cap (ii) ............................................................ 145 
Capital Ratio ................................................... 198 
CDIC ................................................................. 40 
CDIC Act ...............................................4, 89, 119 
Certificate Balance.......................................... 200 
CISA ................................................................... 5 
Clearstream Luxembourg ................................. 111 
Clearstream, Luxembourg .............................. 118 
CLN Business Day ......................................... 208 
CLN Dealer ..................................................... 209 
CLN Merger Event ......................................... 209 
CLN Merger Event Redemption Date ............ 209 
CLN Redemption Date ................................... 209

--- Page 427 ---
Index of Defined Terms
 
423 
 
Closing Index Level ........................................ 265 
Closing Price ................................................... 273 
Closing Share Price ......................................... 257 
CMS Factor ..................................................... 144 
CMS Rate ........................................ 104, 144, 155 
CMS Rate 1 ..................................................... 145 
CMS Rate 2 ..................................................... 145 
CMS1010 Option 1 .......................................... 144 
CMS1010 Option 2 .......................................... 144 
Coco Provision ................................................ 198 
Code ........................................... 24, 124, 392, 403 
Collective Decisions ........................................ 130 
Combination Credit Linked Notes ................... 209 
Commodity ...................................................... 292 
Commodity Fallback Value ............................. 292 
Commodity Index ............................................ 292 
Commodity Index Adjustment Event .............. 290 
Commodity Index Cancellation ....................... 290 
Commodity Index Disruption .......................... 290 
Commodity Index Modification ...................... 290 
Commodity Index Sponsor .............................. 292 
Commodity Reference Price ............................ 292 
Common Shares............................................... 390 
Component Percentage .................................... 209 
Compounded €STR ......................................... 152 
Compounded Daily €STR ............................... 152 
Compounded Daily Rate ......... 104, 146, 153, 325 
Compounded Daily SONIA..................... 147, 325 
Compounded Index Rate ......................... 104, 148 
Compounded SOFR ......................................... 149 
Condition .......................................................... 87 
Conditional Coupon Barrier ........................... 160 
Conditional Coupon Lock-in Barrier .............. 160 
Conditional Coupon Rate ............................... 160 
Conditionally Transferable Obligation ........... 209 
Conditions ......................................................... 87 
Conditions to Consent..................................... 407 
Conforming Reference Obligation ................. 210 
Consent Required Loan .................................. 210 
Constant1 ......................................................... 139 
Constant2 ......................................................... 139 
Conversion Order.............................................. 43 
Corrected Level .............................................. 264 
Corrected Price ................................ 257, 272, 306 
Corrected Rate ................................................ 281 
Corresponding Tenor ...................................... 332 
Coupon Amount ............................................. 161 
Coupon Commencement Date ........................ 161 
Coupon Condition ............................ 140, 141, 142 
Coupon Feature ............................................... 137 
Coupon Lock-in Value ................................... 160 
Coupon Observation Value ............................. 161 
Coupon Payment Dates............................161, 181 
Coupon Period .........................................161, 182 
Coupon Period End Date ................................ 184 
Coupon Target Level ...................................... 166 
Coupon Valuation Dates ................................. 161 
Coupon Valuation Period ............................... 161 
Couponholders ................................................ 115 
Coupons ...................................................115, 137

--- Page 428 ---
Index of Defined Terms
 
424 
 
CRA Regulations ............................................. 415 
Credit Component ........................................... 210 
Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms . 240 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee210 
Credit Event ..................................................... 210 
Credit Event Backstop Date ............................ 210 
Credit Event Cash Settlement Amount ............ 210 
Credit Event Cash Settlement Date ................. 211 
Credit Event Notice ......................................... 211 
Credit Event Resolution Request Date ............ 211 
Credit Event Settlement Method ....................... 95 
Credit Linked Notes ........................................ 211 
Credit Observation Period End Date ............... 211 
Credit Unwind Costs ....................................... 211 
Cross Currency ................................................ 283 
Cross Currency/Reference Currency Price ...... 283 
CSA ................................................................... 24 
CSSF ............................................................ 1, 407 
Cumulative Coupons ....................................... 166 
Currency Exchange Rate ................................. 283 
Currency Exchange Rate Business Day .......... 283 
Currency Exchange Rate Valuation Time ....... 283 
Currency Exchange Reference Rate ................ 284 
Cut-Off Date .................................................... 314 
d ............................... 140, 147, 148, 149, 151, 152 
D ...................................................................... 140 
D Rules ............................................................ 403 
d0 ...................................................... 147, 149, 152 
D1 ............................................................. 162, 183 
D2 ..................................................... 162, 163, 183 
Day Count Fraction..................................161, 182 
db ..................................................................... 154 
dc ..................................................................... 154 
DC Credit Event Announcement .................... 211 
DC Credit Event Meeting Announcement ...... 212 
DC Credit Event Question .............................. 212 
DC Credit Event Question Dismissal ............. 212 
DC No Credit Event Announcement .............. 212 
DC Resolution ................................................ 212 
DC Resolution Reversal Cut-off Date ............ 212 
DC Secretary ................................................... 212 
Dealer .................................................................. 2 
Deed of Covenant ........................................... 116 
Deemed Interest Reduction ............................. 189 
Default Requirement ....................................... 212 
Definitive Securities ....................................... 109 
Delayed Index Level Event ............................ 314 
Delayed Payment Cut-off Date ....................... 306 
Deleted Share .................................................. 255 
Delisting ...................................................257, 273 
Deliverable Obligation.................................... 212 
Deliverable Obligation Category .................... 213 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics ........... 192 
Deliverable Obligation Provisions .................. 240 
Deliverable Obligation Terms ........................ 240 
Delivery Date ................................... 213, 292, 319 
Dematerialised Securities ............................... 116 
Derived Exchange Rate .................................. 284 
Designated Maturity ....................................... 145 
Determination Period ...................................... 157

--- Page 429 ---
Index of Defined Terms
 
425 
 
Digital Redemption Feature............................... 91 
Direct Loan Participation ................................ 213 
Disappearance of Commodity Reference Price293 
Disappearance of Future Reference Price ....... 319 
Dislocation Event ............................................ 291 
Dislocation Level ............................................. 291 
Dispute ............................................................. 135 
Disrupted Day .......... 257, 265, 273, 284, 293, 319 
Disruption Event .............................................. 121 
Distribution End Date ................................ 32, 190 
DivFloor.............................................................. 171 
dividend equivalent ......................................... 124 
Domestic Law .................................................. 213 
Downside Feature ........................................ 3, 137 
Downside Premium ......................................... 170 
Downstream Affiliate ...................................... 213 
D-SIBs ............................................................... 20 
Due and Payable Amount ................................ 214 
DV01D1 ............................................................ 145 
DV01D2 ............................................................ 145 
Early Closure ........................................... 258, 275 
Early Closure of the Reference Market ........... 284 
Early Redemption Amount .............................. 123 
Early Redemption Dates .................................. 166 
ECB Recommended Rate ................................ 333 
ECB 
Recommended 
Rate 
Index 
Cessation 
Effective Date .................................................. 334 
ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event
 ......................................................................... 334 
ECB's Website ................................................. 152 
EDFR ............................................................... 333 
EDFR Spread .................................................. 333 
EDSP .............................................................. 265 
EEA .............................................................1, 396 
EEA Retail Investor ........................................ 398 
Effective Date ................................................. 157 
Electronic Consent .......................................... 111 
Eligible Categories.......................................... 410 
Eligible Information........................................ 214 
Eligible Transferee.......................................... 214 
Entity .............................................................. 309 
ERISA ............................................................. 405 
ESG Contribution ........................................... 408 
ESMA ............................................................. 105 
ESMA Register ................................................. 67 
ETF ............................................................61, 273 
ETF Reference Index ...................................... 274 
ETF Share ....................................................... 273 
ETF Share Price .............................................. 277 
ETF Share Value............................................. 277 
EU CRA Regulation ......................................... 78 
EU Firms ........................................................... 10 
EU Green Bond Standard ................................. 51 
EU PRIIPs Regulation .................................... 396 
EU Prospectus Regulation .................................. 1 
EU Taxonomy ................................................... 51 
euro ................................................................. 157 
Eurobond Basis ........................................162, 183 
Euroclear ..................................................111, 118 
Euro-zone ........................................................ 158 
EUWA ............................................................ 402

--- Page 430 ---
Index of Defined Terms
 
426 
 
Event Determination Date ............................... 214 
Event of Default .............................................. 129 
Excess Amount ................................................ 205 
Exchange ......................... 257, 265, 273, 293, 319 
Exchange Bonds or Loans ............................... 236 
Exchange Business Day .................. 257, 265, 273 
Exchange Date ................................................. 110 
Exchange Delivery Settlement Price ............... 265 
Exchangeable Bearer Securities ...................... 117 
Exempt Securities ........................................ 1, 116 
Exercise Amount ..................................... 202, 216 
Exercise Cut-off Date ...................................... 216 
Exhaustion Point .............................................. 242 
Exit Rate .......................................................... 166 
Extension Date................................................. 216 
Extension Notice ............................................. 216 
Extraordinary Fund Event ............................... 297 
Extraordinary Fund Event Effective Date ....... 307 
Extraordinary Fund Event Notice .................... 303 
Extraordinary Fund Event Notification Date ... 303 
Extraordinary Non Replacement Event256, 
264, 
271, 280 
Extraordinary Resolution ................................. 130 
Failure to Pay ................................................... 216 
Fallback Bond .................................................. 314 
Fallback Settlement Event ............................... 240 
FATCA ............................................................ 395 
FATCA Withholding Tax Rules...................... 128 
Feature ................................................................. 3 
FIEA ................................................................ 398 
Final Calculation Date ..................................... 307 
Final List ......................................................... 217 
Final List Publication Date ............................. 217 
Final Performance of the Underlying ......172, 173 
Final Performancei .......................................... 178 
Final Price ....................................................... 217 
Final Price Calculation Date ........................... 217 
Final Rate ........................................................ 223 
Final Reference Price ...................................... 172 
Final Reference Price Method ........................ 172 
Final Reference Pricei ..................................... 178 
Final Settlement Date ..................................... 217 
Final Terms ..................................................5, 407 
Financial Centre(s).......................................... 126 
Financial Reference Entity ............................... 29 
Financial Services Ordinance ............................. 2 
FinSA ...........................................................2, 401 
FinSO .................................................................. 2 
FIRPTA .......................................................... 394 
First Obligation ............................................... 233 
Fiscal Agent .................................................... 115 
Fixed Cap ........................................................ 217 
Fixed Coupon Payments ................................. 181 
Fixed Leg Day Count Fraction ....................... 155 
Fixed Rate ................................................163, 184 
Fixed Return ................................................... 166 
Floating Coupon ......................................143, 325 
Floating Coupon Payment .............................. 158 
Floating Coupon Period .................................. 158 
Floating Leg Rate Option ............................... 155 
Floating Rate ................................................... 163

--- Page 431 ---
Index of Defined Terms
 
427 
 
Floating Rate Day Count Fraction ................... 155 
Floor ................................................ 145, 163, 178 
Floor (i) ............................................................ 145 
Floor (ii) .......................................................... 145 
Form of Auction Settlement Terms ................. 244 
Framework ................................................. 50, 410 
French Agency Agreement .............................. 106 
FRTB Information ........................................... 307 
FSMA .............................................................. 402 
Full Quotation .................................................. 217 
Fully Principal Protected Securities Downside 
Feature ............................................................... 92 
Fund ........................................... 61, 273, 302, 307 
Fund Business Day .......................................... 307 
Fund Business Day (All Fund Shares Basis) ... 307 
Fund Business Day (Per Fund Share Basis) .... 307 
Fund Business Day (Single Fund Share Basis)307 
Fund Documents .............................................. 307 
Fund Index ....................................................... 307 
Fund Index Adjustment Event ......................... 305 
Fund Index Component ................................... 307 
Fund Index Disruption ..................................... 305 
Fund Index Modification ................................. 305 
Fund Index Sponsor ......................................... 308 
Fund Reallocation Event ................................. 273 
Fund Service Provider ..................................... 308 
Fund Share ....................................................... 302 
Fund Share(s)................................................... 308 
Fund Substitution Event .................................. 274 
Fund Valuation Date ........................................ 308 
Further Subordinated Obligation ..................... 218 
Future .............................................................. 319 
Future Fallback Value..................................... 319 
Future Reference Price ................................... 319 
Futures Contract ............................................. 293 
Futures Rollover Date ..............................293, 319 
Futures Rollover Period ...........................293, 320 
Gearing Rate ................................................... 170 
General Conditions ......................................... 115 
General Meeting ............................................. 131 
Global Security ............................................... 109 
Governmental Authority ................................. 218 
Governmental Intervention ............................. 218 
Grace Period ................................................... 218 
Grace Period Business Day ............................ 219 
Grace Period Extension Date .......................... 219 
Guarantee ........................................................ 219 
Hedge Entity ................................................... 308 
Hedge Fund ..................................................... 308 
Hedge Transaction .......................................... 219 
Hedging Date .................................................. 308 
Hedging Disruption ........................................ 121 
Hedging Entity ................................................ 121 
HMT ............................................................... 397 
holders ............................................................ 117 
Hybrid Mismatch Proposals ........................... 390 
Hypothetical Investor...................................... 308 
i ................................................ 147, 150, 153, 154 
IBORs ............................................................... 68 
Illegality .......................................................... 121 
Illiquidity Event .............................................. 284

--- Page 432 ---
Index of Defined Terms
 
428 
 
Implicit Portfolio Size ..................................... 242 
In the Money Participation Redemption Feature91 
Income Redemption Feature .............................. 91 
Increased Cost of Hedging .............................. 121 
Incurred Loss Amount ..................................... 242 
Index ................................................................ 265 
Index Adjustment Event .................................. 265 
Index Cancellation ........................................... 265 
Index Component ............................................ 292 
Index Component Disruption Event ................ 293 
Index Determination Date ............................... 148 
Index Disruption .............................................. 265 
Index Event ...................................................... 274 
Index Modification .................................. 265, 314 
Index Sponsor .......................................... 219, 266 
Index0 ............................................................... 140 
indexed debt obligation ................................... 392 
Indexinitial .......................................................... 172 
Indexn ............................................................... 140 
Indext ............................................................... 172 
Indices ............................................................. 265 
Inflation Index ................................................. 315 
Inflation Index Sponsor ................................... 315 
Initial Authorised Offeror(s) ............................ 386 
Initial Calculation Date .................................... 308 
Initial Reference Price ..................................... 172 
Initial Reference Price Method ........................ 173 
Initial Reference Pricei .................................... 178 
Insolvency................................................ 257, 274 
Instalment Securities ....................................... 117 
Instrument Payments ...................................... 200 
Insurance Distribution Directive ..............396, 398 
Insured Instrument .......................................... 200 
Insured Obligor ............................................... 200 
Interest Benchmark ..................................158, 322 
Interest Commencement Date ......................... 184 
Interest Period ................................................. 158 
Interest Shortfall Amount ............................... 242 
Intraday Level ................................................. 266 
Intraday Price ...........................................258, 274 
Investors .............................................................. 1 
ISDA ........................................ 104, 156, 219, 244 
ISDA Definitions .....................................156, 332 
ISDA Fallback Adjustment ............................. 332 
ISDA Fallback Rate ........................................ 332 
ISDA Rate ....................................................... 156 
ISDA Terms .................................................... 101 
ISSB .................................................................. 20 
Issue Date .................................... 5, 116, 161, 184 
Issue Terms ..................................................4, 115 
Issuer ........................................................115, 407 
Joint Potential Successor ................................ 195 
Joint Relevant Obligation ............................... 195 
Jurisdiction ...................................................... 134 
Knock-in Event ............................................... 166 
Knock-in Level ............................................... 166 
Knock-in Payment Date .................................. 166 
Knock-in Ratio ............................................... 166 
Knock-in Valuation Date ................................ 166 
Knock-in Valuation Time ............................... 166

--- Page 433 ---
Index of Defined Terms
 
429 
 
Lag ................................................................... 104 
Latest Level ..................................................... 315 
Latest Maturity Restructured Bond or Loan ... 219, 
232 
LBD ......................................................... 146, 147 
Legacy Reference Entity ................................. 219 
Level173, 258, 266, 274, 284, 293, 308, 315, 320, 
322 
Level of Underlying1 ....................................... 178 
Level of Underlying2 ....................................... 178 
Leverage .................................................. 145, 163 
Leveraged CMS Rate ...................................... 144 
Limit Price Event ..................................... 294, 320 
Limitation Date ................................................ 219 
Listed ............................................................... 219 
Loan ................................................................. 219 
Lock-in Dates .................................................. 163 
Lock-in Event .................................................. 163 
Lock-in Redemption Feature ............................. 92 
London Banking Day .............................. 146, 147 
London Business Day ...................................... 220 
Loss Amount ................................................... 242 
Loss Threshold Amount .................................. 243 
LPN ................................................................. 197 
LPN Issuer ....................................................... 197 
LPN Reference Obligation .............................. 198 
LPN Reference Obligation List ....................... 198 
LRCN Trust ....................................................... 82 
LRCN, Series 1 .................................................. 82 
LRCN, Series 2 .................................................. 83 
LRCN, Series 3 .................................................. 83 
Luxembourg Prospectus Law ............................. 1 
M ..................................................................... 220 
M(M)R Restructuring ..................................... 220 
M1 ............................................ 161, 162, 182, 183 
M2 ............................................................162, 183 
Margin ............................................... 74, 145, 163 
Margin (i) ........................................................ 145 
Margin (ii) ....................................................... 145 
Market Disruption Event137, 258, 266, 275, 284, 
294, 320 
Market Maker ................................................... 74 
Masse .............................................................. 130 
Material Change in Content .....................294, 320 
Material Change in Formula ....................294, 320 
Materialised Securities.................................... 116 
Max ................................................................. 220 
Maximum Days of Disruption259, 267, 276, 285, 
294, 308, 315, 320 
Maximum Maturity ......................................... 220 
Maximum Settlement Amount ....................... 179 
Merger Date .............................................259, 276 
Merger Event ................................... 259, 276, 308 
MiFID II ..................................................396, 406 
Min.................................................................. 220 
Minimum Quotation Amount ......................... 220 
Minister of Finance ........................................... 40 
Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date
 ........................................................................ 203 
Monthly Rebate Amount ................................ 163 
Moody's' .......................................................... 302 
Movement Option Cut-off Date ...................... 220

--- Page 434 ---
Index of Defined Terms
 
430 
 
Multiple Holder Obligation ............................. 220 
Mutual Fund .................................................... 309 
n ....................................................................... 139 
N .............................................................. 139, 220 
Nationalisation ......................................... 260, 276 
NAV ................................................................ 276 
NAV per Fund Share ....................................... 309 
NAV Trigger Event ......................................... 309 
NAV Trigger Percentage ................................. 309 
NAV Trigger Period ........................................ 309 
Nearby Month .................................................. 294 
ni .............................................. 147, 150, 153, 154 
No Auction Announcement Date .................... 241 
No Principal Protection Securities Downside 
Feature ............................................................... 92 
Non-Approval Event ....................................... 338 
Non-Conforming Reference Obligation .......... 220 
Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation
 ......................................................................... 220 
Non-Contingent Amount ................................. 199 
Non-Financial Instrument ................................ 221 
Non-Representative Event ............................... 339 
Non-resident Holder ........................................ 390 
Non-Standard Reference Obligation ............... 220 
Non-Transferable Instrument .......................... 221 
non-US holder ................................................. 392 
Not Bearer ....................................................... 221 
Not Domestic Currency ................................... 221 
Not Domestic Issuance .................................... 221 
Not Domestic Law ........................................... 221 
Not Sovereign Lender ...................................... 221 
Not Subordinated ............................................ 221 
Notice Delivery Period ................................... 221 
Notice of Publicly Available Information ...... 221 
Notional Amount .........................................3, 116 
Notional Credit Derivative Transaction .......... 221 
nR .................................................................... 178 
Nth .................................................................. 220 
Nth-to-Default Credit Linked Note ................ 222 
nUL ................................................................... 172 
nUL, i ................................................................. 178 
Number of NAV Publication Days ................. 309 
Obligation ....................................................... 222 
Obligation Acceleration .................................. 222 
Obligation Category........................................ 222 
Obligation Characteristic ................................ 192 
Obligation Currency ....................................... 222 
Obligation Default .......................................... 222 
Observation Look-back Period ....................... 147 
Observation Method ....................................... 158 
Observation Period Shift................................. 154 
Observation Value .......................................... 166 
OFAC.............................................................. 397 
offer .........................................................398, 402 
offer of Securities to the public ...................... 402 
Offer Period .................................................... 407 
Opening Index Level ...................................... 267 
Opening Price ................................................. 277 
Opening Share Price ....................................... 260 
Order ................................................................. 42 
Original Bonds ................................................ 222

--- Page 435 ---
Index of Defined Terms
 
431 
 
Original Loans ................................................. 223 
Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation . 223 
Original Obligation(s) ..................................... 199 
OSFI ............................................................ 20, 77 
Outstanding Amount ....................................... 223 
Outstanding Bonus Coupon Rate .................... 223 
Outstanding Notional Amount......................... 223 
Outstanding Notional Balance ................. 198, 223 
p ....................................... 147, 150, 151, 153, 154 
Package Observable Bond ............................... 224 
Parallel Auction ............................................... 241 
Parallel Auction Cancellation Date ................. 241 
Parallel Auction Final Price Determination Date
 ......................................................................... 241 
Parallel Auction Settlement Terms .................. 241 
Partially Principal Protected Securities Downside 
Feature ............................................................... 92 
Participating Bidders ....................................... 244 
Participating Debt Interest ............................... 391 
Participation Rate ............................................ 178 
Participation Redemption Feature ..................... 91 
Paying Agents .................................................. 115 
Payment ........................................................... 224 
Payment Requirement ..................................... 224 
Payout Conditions ........................................... 136 
Payout Conditions for Credit Linked Notes .... 180 
Period End Date ............................................... 158 
Permissible Deliverable Obligations ............... 241 
Permitted Contingency .................................... 224 
Permitted Transfer ........................................... 224 
Post Dismissal Additional Period .................... 224 
Potential Adjustment Event .....................260, 277 
Potential Cash Settlement Event ..................... 224 
Potential Coupon Weight ................................ 163 
Potential Coupons ........................................... 163 
Potential Failure to Pay ................................... 225 
Potential Repudiation/Moratorium ................. 225 
PPA ..........................................................210, 240 
Preferred Shares, Series 44 ............................... 82 
Preferred Shares, Series 45 ............................... 83 
Preferred Shares, Series 46 ............................... 83 
prescribed obligation ...................................... 391 
Price Source ..................................... 285, 295, 320 
Price Source Disruption ...........................295, 321 
Pricing Supplement ............................................. 5 
Primary Source ............................................... 158 
Principal Financial Centre .............................. 323 
Principles ........................................................ 410 
Prior Deliverable Obligation ........................... 225 
Prior Reference Obligation ............................. 225 
Private Equity Fund ........................................ 309 
Private-side Loan ............................................ 225 
Proceedings ..................................................... 135 
Product Type ................................................3, 137 
Product Types ................................................... 87 
Programme ...................................................1, 115 
Prohibited Action ............................................ 225 
Proposed Amendments ................................... 391 
Protected Amount ........................................... 170 
Public Offer .............................................397, 402 
Public Offer Jurisdiction(s) ............................. 407

--- Page 436 ---
Index of Defined Terms
 
432 
 
Public Offer Jurisdictions(s) ............................ 387 
Public Source ................................................... 225 
Publicly Available Information ....................... 225 
Qualifying Policy ............................................. 200 
Quanto Feature .................................................. 90 
Quanto/Compo Feature ................................... 137 
Quantum of the Claim ..................................... 227 
Quotation ......................................................... 227 
Quotation Amount ........................................... 227 
Range Accrual Cap .......................................... 140 
Range Accrual Floor ........................................ 140 
Range Accrual Period ...................................... 140 
Rating .............................................................. 186 
Rebased Index ................................................. 312 
Rebate Amount ................................................ 179 
Receipts ........................................................... 115 
Receivership Order ............................................ 43 
Recommended Adjustment Spread ................. 336 
Recommended Replacement Rate ................... 336 
Recommending Body ...................................... 336 
Record Date ............................................. 110, 124 
Recovery Amount ............................................ 243 
Recovery Threshold Amount........................... 243 
Redemption Date ............................................. 137 
Redemption Factor .......................................... 179 
Redemption Feature ..................................... 3, 137 
Redemption Notice .......................................... 165 
Redemption Preliminary Amount .................... 243 
Redemption Residual Amount......................... 243 
Redemption Valuation Date ............................ 173 
Redemption Valuation Period ......................... 173 
Reference Banks ......................................155, 158 
Reference Currency .................................145, 285 
Reference Dealers ....................................295, 321 
Reference Entit(y)(ies) .................................... 222 
Reference Entities ........................................... 227 
Reference Entity ..........................................3, 227 
Reference Entity Notional Amount ................ 228 
Reference Entity Weighting ........................... 228 
Reference Index .............................................. 140 
Reference Level .............................................. 315 
Reference Market............................................ 285 
Reference Month ............................................ 315 
Reference Obligation ...................................... 228 
Reference Obligation Only ............................. 229 
Reference Obligation Only Trade ................... 229 
Reference Price ............................................... 171 
Reference PriceA ............................................. 140 
Reference PriceB ............................................. 140 
Reference Rate .....................................3, 103, 137 
Reference Time ............................................... 332 
Registered Securities ...................................... 117 
Registrar .......................................................... 115 
Regulation S ................................................... 404 
Rejection Event ............................................... 339 
Related Bond .................................................. 315 
Related Bond Redemption Event .................... 315 
Related Exchange(s) ................ 260, 267, 277, 295 
Relevant Annex .............................................. 180 
Relevant City Business Day ........................... 229

--- Page 437 ---
Index of Defined Terms
 
433 
 
Relevant Country ............................................. 285 
Relevant Credit Event Period ............................ 98 
Relevant Currency ........................................... 286 
Relevant Date .................................................. 128 
Relevant Event................................................. 301 
Relevant Financial Centre ............................... 159 
Relevant Futures Contract ............................... 291 
Relevant Governmental Body ......................... 332 
Relevant Guarantee ......................................... 229 
Relevant Level ......................... 267, 295, 315, 321 
Relevant Number ............................................. 148 
Relevant Obligations ....................................... 229 
Relevant Pairing .............................................. 244 
Relevant Rate........................................... 159, 286 
Relevant Renminbi Settlement Centre ............ 137 
Relevant Securityholder .................................. 229 
Relevant SONIAi ............................................. 147 
Relevant State .................................................. 397 
Relevant Swap Rate ......................................... 155 
Relevant Time ......................................... 154, 159 
Relevant Underlying Price .............. 260, 277, 309 
Replacement Reference Entity ........................ 196 
Replacement Share .......................................... 255 
Representative ................................................. 130 
Representative Amount ................................... 159 
Repudiation/Moratorium ................................. 230 
Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date ...... 230 
Reset Determination Date ................................ 329 
Resolve ............................................................ 230 
Restrike Feature ................................................. 92 
Restrike Observation Period ........................... 179 
Restrike Performance...................................... 179 
Restructuring .................................................. 230 
Restructuring Date .......................................... 232 
Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date ......... 232 
retail investor .................................................. 402 
Return Factor .................................................. 170 
Reuters ............................................................ 159 
Reverse Merger ............................................... 259 
RFR ................................................................... 68 
roll-over ............................................................ 65 
Rules ........................................................232, 248 
S&P ................................................................. 302 
Sanctioned Country ........................................ 397 
Sanctions ......................................................... 397 
SARON ...................................... 68, 104, 153, 154 
SARON Administrator .................... 153, 154, 336 
SARON Administrator Website ...... 153, 154, 337 
SARON Benchmark Amendments ................. 335 
SARON Compounded .................................... 154 
SARON Index Cessation Effective Date ........ 337 
SARON Index Cessation Event ...................... 337 
SARON Observation Period ........................... 154 
SARONi .......................................................... 154 
Scheduled Closing Time .......... 260, 267, 277, 286 
Scheduled Redemption Date ........................... 232 
Scheduled Termination Date .......................... 222 
Scheduled Trading Day260, 267, 277, 286, 295, 
309, 321 
Scheduled Underlying Valuation Date261, 
268, 
277, 286, 295, 309, 321

--- Page 438 ---
Index of Defined Terms
 
434 
 
Screen Page ..................................................... 159 
Second Obligation ........................................... 233 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate .......... 149, 150 
Securities ....................................... 1, 87, 133, 407 
Securities Act........................................... 237, 404 
Securityholder.......................................... 116, 117 
Securityholder Early Redemption Amount ..... 167 
Securityholders' Option Period ........................ 165 
Securityholders Optional Early Redemption Dates
 ......................................................................... 167 
Senior Obligation ............................................. 232 
Senior Transaction ........................................... 232 
Seniority Level ................................................ 232 
Series ....................................................... 107, 115 
Set-off Period................................................... 171 
Settlement Currency ........................................ 232 
Settlement Method ........................................... 232 
Settlement Price ............................................... 309 
SFA .................................................................. 401 
Share ................................................................ 261 
Share Issuer ..................................................... 261 
Shares .............................................................. 309 
Shark Fin Redemption Feature .......................... 92 
Shift ................................................................. 104 
Similar Reference Entity ................................. 186 
Single Name Credit Linked Notes ............. 29, 232 
SIX Swiss Exchange ........................................ 154 
SMEs ............................................................... 410 
SNB Adjustment Spread .................................. 337 
SNB Policy Rate .............................................. 335 
SOFR ......................... 68, 104, 148, 149, 150, 151 
SOFR Administrator ................................150, 151 
SOFR Administrator's Website........ 149, 150, 151 
SOFR Determination Time ......................149, 150 
SOFR Index .............................................150, 151 
SOFR Index Determination Time ................... 151 
SOFR Index Unavailable ................................ 325 
SOFR IndexEnd ................................................ 151 
SOFR IndexStart ............................................... 151 
SOFR Observation Period .......................150, 151 
Solvency Capital Provisions ........................... 232 
SONIA ....................................... 68, 104, 146, 148 
SONIA Compounded Index ........................... 148 
SONIA Observation Period ............................ 148 
SONIA reference rate ..............................146, 148 
SONIAiLBD ...................................................... 148 
SONIAi-pLBD .................................................... 148 
Sovereign ........................................................ 232 
Sovereign Succession Event ........................... 232 
Special Circumstance122, 261, 268, 277, 286, 295, 
310, 315, 321, 322 
Specified Currency .......................... 137, 233, 286 
Specified Denomination(s) ............................. 116 
Specified Duration .......................................... 159 
Specified Fixed Leg ........................................ 155 
Specified Frequency ....................................... 155 
Specified Security ............................................. 55 
Spread Feature .................................................. 92 
Spread1 ............................................................ 139 
Spread2 ............................................................ 139 
SRO List ......................................................... 233 
Standard ................................... 146, 148, 151, 153

--- Page 439 ---
Index of Defined Terms
 
435 
 
Standard Reference Obligation ........................ 233 
Standard Specified Currencies......................... 233 
Static Redemption Feature ................................ 91 
Steepener CMS Rate ........................................ 144 
Steps Plan ........................................................ 233 
Strike Date ....................................................... 173 
Striking Period ................................................. 173 
Subordinated Obligation .................................. 233 
Subordinated Transaction ................................ 233 
Subordination .................................................. 233 
Substitute Commodity ..................................... 289 
Substitute Commodity Reference Price ........... 289 
Substitute Future .............................................. 318 
Substitute Future Reference Price ................... 318 
Substitute Index Component ........................... 289 
Substitute Inflation Index Level ...................... 311 
Substitute Reference Market ........................... 280 
Substitute Reference Obligation ...................... 233 
Substitute 
Reference 
Obligation 
Resolution 
Request Date .................................................... 235 
Substitution ...................................................... 303 
Substitution Date ..................... 235, 255, 289, 318 
Substitution Event ........................... 235, 261, 310 
Substitution Event Date ................................... 236 
succeed ............................................................ 236 
Succession Date ............................................... 236 
Successor ......................................................... 236 
Successor Backstop Date ................................. 237 
Successor Basket Component .......... 256, 264, 272 
Successor Commodity Index ........................... 290 
Successor Currency ......................................... 280 
Successor ETF Shares..................................... 271 
Successor Index .............................................. 263 
Successor Index Sponsor .........................263, 289 
Successor Provisions ...................................... 204 
Successor Rate ................................................ 329 
Successor Resolution Request Date ................ 237 
Superintendent ................................................ 119 
Surviving Reference Entity ............................. 237 
Suspension/Withdrawal Event ........................ 339 
Sustainability Bond Register .......................... 411 
Sustainability Bond Report ............................. 411 
Sustainable Securities ................................50, 410 
Swiss Offer Period .......................................... 387 
Level of Underlying1 ...................................... 171 
T2 .................................................................... 237 
T2 Business Day ...................... 137, 152, 153, 208 
T2 Settlement Day .......................................... 237 
T2 System ....................................................... 159 
Talons ............................................................. 115 
Tax Disruption .........................................295, 321 
Tax Event ........................................................ 300 
TBD .........................................................152, 153 
Tender Offer ............................................261, 310 
Tender Offer Date ........................................... 261 
Threshold Level .............................................. 179 
Level of Underlying2 ...................................... 171 
TLAC .........................................................41, 121 
TLAC Guideline ............................................... 41 
Trade Date ....................................... 122, 222, 237 
Traded Price .................................................... 291

--- Page 440 ---
Index of Defined Terms
 
436 
 
Trading Disruption .................................. 296, 321 
Tranche .................................................... 107, 115 
Tranche Size .................................................... 243 
Tranched CLNs ............................................... 243 
Transaction Auction Settlement Terms ........... 241 
Transaction Type ..................................... 222, 237 
Transfer Agents ............................................... 115 
Transferable ..................................................... 237 
Trigger Percentage ........................................... 198 
Twin Win Barrier ............................................ 179 
Twin Win Downside Feature ........................... 179 
Twin Win Factor .............................................. 179 
Twin Win Securities Redemption Feature ......... 91 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day .... 149, 
150, 151 
U.S. persons ..................................................... 404 
U.S. Volcker Rule ............................................ 301 
UDI Index Rate Determination Dates ............. 286 
UK CRA Regulation ........................................ 415 
UK Prospectus Regulation .............................. 402 
Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement .............. 332 
Underlying ............................................... 103, 138 
Underlying Currency ....................................... 138 
Underlying Determination Date ...................... 159 
Underlying Feature ...................................... 3, 138 
Underlying Finance Instrument ....................... 198 
Underlying Loan .............................................. 198 
Underlying Obligation ..................................... 237 
Underlying Obligor ......................................... 237 
Underlying Reference ...................................... 163 
Underlying Valuation Date261, 268, 277, 286, 
296, 310, 315, 321, 322 
Underlying(s) ...................................................... 4 
UNSC.............................................................. 397 
Unsettled Credit Event .................................... 238 
Unsettled Retention Amount .......................... 243 
Upside Premium ............................................. 179 
US Tax Selling Restriction ............................. 404 
USRPHC ......................................................... 394 
USRPI ............................................................. 394 
Valuation Date ................................................ 238 
Valuation Obligation ...................................... 238 
Valuation Obligations Portfolio ...................... 238 
Valuation Time ........................ 238, 261, 268, 277 
Vesting Order ................................................... 43 
Volatility Trigger Event .................................. 310 
Volatility Trigger Percentage ......................... 310 
Volatility Trigger Period ................................. 310 
Volume Weighted Average Price ................... 261 
Voting Shares ................................................. 238 
Weight of Underlyingi .................................... 179 
Weighted Average Final Price ........................ 238 
Weighted Average Quotation ......................... 238 
Writedown Amount ........................................ 239 
Written Unanimous Decisions ........................ 131 
x ...................................................................... 148 
y ...................................................................... 148 
Y1 ............................................. 161, 162, 182, 183 
Y2 ............................................. 161, 162, 182, 183 
Zero Coupon Securities .................................. 157 
Zero Recovery Credit Linked Notes ............... 239

--- Page 441 ---
Index of Defined Terms
 
437 
 
Zurich Banking Day ................................ 153, 154

--- Page 442 ---
438 
 
ISSUER and CALCULATION AGENT 
NATIONAL BANK OF CANADA 
acting through its Montréal Branch 
Head Office 
National Bank Place 
800 Saint-Jacques Street 
Montréal, Québec 
Canada H3C 1A3 
 
FISCAL AGENT, PAYING AGENT, REGISTRAR and  
TRANSFER AGENT 
Citibank Europe plc 
1 North Wall Quay  
Dublin 1 
Ireland 
 
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR TO THE BANK 
Deloitte LLP 
La Tour Deloitte 
1190 Avenue des Canadiens-de-Montréal 
Suite 500 
Montréal, Québec 
Canada H3B 0M7 
 
LUXEMBOURG LISTING AGENT  
Banque Internationale à Luxembourg, société anonyme 
69 route d'Esch 
L-2953 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg